  both are accepted , but even if that was n't the case , it does n't obscure the meaning of my post , unlike his . 
  it should be , but it does n't always come out that way . 
  given how shit training a gym is ( it can take 30min of battling to get it up 2,000 prestige ) compared to knocking off 2,500 in less than 5 minutes , poaching seems completely reasonable . 
  i do it because if my local gym is getting taken it 's a hell of a lot easier to wait until it goes white than sit there and try train it at 1/10th the speed it 's coming down . 
  what 's the deal with ingame predictions ? 
  are they just for fun , or is there a reward i did n't notice ? 
  do n't be silly , when did a dota 2 player ever get angry !, 
  that 's not a trick though . 
  i can use a higher cp pokemon , beat three , and i 'll get 500 prestige . 
  meanwhile i can attack an enemy gym with six pokemon , take down one , and it will drop from 2,500 to 0 in 1/6th the time . 
  ask this in / r/askhistorians and you 'll get a full answer . 
  short answer is that race played a big part . 
  black people were seen as naturally inferior and made for servitude to white people . 
  this was confirmed by the church as god 's intention , so african nations were an excellent source of slaves . 
  what 's wrong with african american ? 
  i 'm seeing a lot of this on reddit lately , and i do n't know why people seem to care . 
   in the us , that shit would 've been poured for me over a fucking glacier of ice in less time than i would have spent asking for a coke with my french waiter . 
  there 's your problem . 
  you were n't in the us . 
  the european commenters below you plainly point out it 's odd to automatically serve with ice . 
  and i 'd be responding in a `` meh '' fashion if the guy i was serving asked me three separate times instead of just saying `` hey , can i get a coke with a lot of ice ? 
  '' , or even `` hey can i get a glass half filled with ice for this ? '', 
  once it came in a can . 
  lowest pokemon in local gyms are all ~ 1200 . 
  so just to appease you , i tried it out when i went out before . 
  i had a 517 bulbasaur against a 514 poliwhirl . 
  my lowest grass/electric pokemon . 
  i took him down , and got 250 prestige trained for my gym . 
  it took me about 3 minutes all up . 
  not too bad . 
  except i still had to get it to 8k from 6500 . 
  which is 6 more times killing that poliwhirl . 
  which is another 18 minutes , for a total of 21 spent to get 1,500 prestige . 
  on the other hand , i went past a gym with a vaporeon and a golduck on the way home . 
  i did the same thing here , but with a golduck ( same type , no advantage ) , then a jolteon to finish off the second 50 % of the vaporeon . 
  then i took the vaporeon again with two more jolteons , and took the gym . 
  4,000 to 0 in less than 5 minutes . 
  so thanks for your help in teaching me about type advantages , but it 's ok , i do understand basic pokemon mechanics . 
  the problem is time commitment , which i , and a lot of other people , just do n't care to get into . 
  dodging takes even longer than just bruting down a gym because you spend more time not attacking . 
  not to mention it does n't fucking work 80 % of the time . 
   in the us, 
  i feel like this is the big problem here . 
  you were n't in the us . 
  you were in france . 
  there are different cultural expectations of how something is served . 
  if i went to the us and asked for a coke and got given ice , i 'd ask for a fresh glass with no ice . 
  if i got given a glass with more than 3 cubes , i 'd be asking why they were serving me more water than coke . 
  chances are you like ice in your coke because american coke has hfcs and is very syrupy . 
  french coke is made with sugar , so does n't need to be diluted . 
  and just to nitpick :, 
   but if i ask for it several times, 
  you said you asked for a coke - no mention of ice . 
  then you said you asked for ice - and got 3 cubes ( which is a perfectly reasonable amount of ice ) . 
  then you said you asked for more . 
  so you only asked for ice twice , and only the second time would the waiter have known you meant you wanted lots . 
  it 's a feature , not a bug . 
  in one of the recent black-men-killed-by-police stories i suggested that cops could shoot for a limb and was downvoted to oblivion by people who told me i 'd watched too many movies . 
  i guess maybe `` tactical aim '' was cut from the 3-6 months of training us cops get . 
  that is n't the supreme court , that 's just a court of appeals case . 
  ... and op is from oregon , so what 's the problem ? 
  he 's not walking through timbuktu calling people african americans . 
  it 's a shame when we do n't hold people in positions of authority and responsibility to a higher standard than the bloke next door . 
  not all muslims are terrorists , but it does n't stop the stereotype being used . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  i thought you were reporting a bug , 
   i had a 517 bulbasaur against a 514 poliwhirl . 
  my lowest grass/electric pokemon . 
   a side effect is that , it helps prevent the state or officers from being held responsible for medical costs or miscellaneous legal ramifications . 
  this would n't be an issue if you lived in a first world country that actually cared about the healthcare of its citizens . 
  life matters . 
  whether it 's the guy who threatens suicide by cop , or who killed 10 cops , or 100 children . 
  you do n't just execute him in the street because `` hurr i ca n't shoot a limb '', 
  i 'm not an expert either . 
  in fact , i 've only seen one gun in my twenty six years , and that was on the hip of a police officer in another country . 
  my experience with aiming extends to games and laser tag . 
  i would disagree with you though and say that if you 're pulling a gun , the rule is shoot carefully because you have the potential to kill . 
  then again , i 'm speaking [ from a country where only 29 people have been killed by police since 1941 . 
  ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/280368/police-shootings-number-29-in-last-65-years ), 
  the dodging mechanic does n't work flawlessly ( and takes longer ) . 
  i can dodge , and receive the `` dodged ! '', 
  message , or endlessly swipe to dodge , and i still take damage from the attacks . 
  i 'm guessing it 's a lag issue , but whatever the cause is , it does n't work . 
   my lowest grass/electric pokemon . 
  i do n't know if you 're just trolling now . 
  feminists do n't see it as competition . 
  idiots like you think they do . 
  stop bringing up `` men get abused too ! '', 
  every time a woman tries to share an opinion , and you might get a chance to actually hear something valuable . 
  edit : apparently i hurt some feelings . 
  feminism does n't say men do n't matter , it says women are equal . 
  feminists care just as much about preventing domestic abuse towards men as you all do . 
  if they do n't , they 're not feminists . 
  another edit , have some stats . 
  [ according to the national violence against women survey that took place through the 90s , that 's simply not true though . 
  ] ( http://www.americanbar.org/groups/domestic_violence/resources/statistics.html ), 
  * 25 % of women and 8 % of men physically abused by partner . 
  * 20 % of all non-fatal crime against women was ipv ( intimate partner violence ) . 
  3 % of all non-fatal crime against men was ipv . 
  * from a survey in 2003 , 33 % of female murder victims were killed by a partner .
