  if they beat scotland , they 're safe until they face australia/wales . 
  wales had an easy run against uruguay , and played an 80min game this weekend , which few teams do . 
  they 'll be semi finalists . 
  i do n't know why op did n't find them convincing . 
  mini teams !, 
  in the minor leagues there are some upset factors that could emerge . 
  if fiji upsets wales , wales goes into an uncertain position . 
  fiji * should n't * beat wales based on the eng/aus games , but wales have a shite record against pacific teams . 
  japan blew away south africa . 
  that was 80min of the best rugby any of us have ever seen . 
  they collapsed against scotland , whether by fitness or disheartening scottish tries , i do n't know . 
  if they regain that form ( they have two 7/8 day breaks ) , they can win their final two games . 
  if scotland beats rsa , this puts japan through to the qfs . 
  samoa can also make a qf appearance by beating scotland and japan and watching south africa lose . 
  especially when said teams have played a first xv in one game and a second xv in another . 
  why ? 
  are they not tier 1 ? 
  you 're either doing argentina a disservice by minimizing their abilities , or you 're giving wales honours they do n't deserve , by overestimating theirs . 
  because samoa is n't a tier 1 team , that 's the point . 
  argentina is , but you would n't complain if the pool was australia , england , argentina , because you do n't rate argentina as a top team for whatever reason . 
  [ i made another post about this here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/rugbyunion/comments/3mi9uk/breaking_news_from_twickenham/cvfi5lh ) the short version is get over it , because someone 's always in a tough pool , and this year it happened to be you . 
  you probably would have had a better time with argentina . 
  but then someone else would have had to deal with wales . 
  would you complain if it was france/ireland/wales ? 
  england 's managed to pull the best setting for this competition anyway . 
  somehow you got 7 days between every match , and bar one game against uruguay , every game is at twickenham - your home stadium . 
  i do n't know how the fuck you can complain when you were given home ( ground , not just country ) advantage and the easiest rest period of any team . 
  apologies !, 
  i 've now added a link to the results in the op . 
  is it unfair though ? 
  woodward 's team missed out in ' 99 , but they got through the qf playoffs at least before losing in the qf proper . 
  this team is looking like dipping out of the pools , barring a miracle . 
  remember wilkinson ? 
  he used to start slamming droppies over . 
  kept the pressure right on . 
  to be fair , they did for 75 % of the game , did n't they ? 
  the only thing i 'd disagree with in this comment is the bit about arrogance . 
  i do n't see that at all ( maybe i 'm blind to it ) . 
  the trip was moronic . 
  he admitted that . 
  q : would you run away if someone saw you ? 
  or would you just apologise and explain that you 're a fan ? 
  ooh , no i understand that . 
  i support the highlanders , and they get stomped year in , year out by mccaw and the crusaders . 
  true . 
  tbh , i 'd give lancaster a parade if he can get to the qf from here . 
  i think you can do the finals even . 
  ireland over argentina , then ireland over australia/wales . 
  it 'll be tough , but your team is doing brilliantly . 
  and if you get to the final ... 
  i would n't be surprised if you pulled something out akin to 2013 , and then we 'd be in trouble . 
  * even * israel dagg ? 
  he only missed out because ben smith was better and they only wanted one dedicated full-back . 
  get over it . 
  maybe it 's an english thing . 
  i 'd just say i was sorry and be on my way . 
  this guy was apparently in some bushes though , and i 'd be sitting pretty openly . 
  oh yeah , the miracle is england in their current state beating australia . 
  wales over fiji , with a bonus point . 
  australia over england , bonus point england . 
  +4 to 13 / +1 to 7 . 
  australia over wales , bonus point wales . 
  +4 to 17 / +1 to 15 . 
  england over uruguay , bonus point england . 
  if georgia beat france it you would n't really want the french around . 
  they ca n't put their blame on the draw . 
  they knew what was coming . 
  i 'm a kiwi mate , we can always do without the french . 
  it 'd probably solve a lot of eye and heart problems haha, 
  fair point !, 
  i dunno , i 'm just not sure why you 'd run ha, 
  some english fans had aus 1 , eng 2 , then wales 5th . 
  i think it was a case of not caring/spite after ranking their team in . 
  either i 'm really tired , or you 've got a team typo in there . 
  edit : your flair is n't helping either :(, 
  yeah i did , fixed that . 
  sa is on 7 . 
  they get 5 against the usa = 12 . 
  japan equals that by beating samoa + usa and advances . 
  if sa lose to scotland by 7 or less , they get 1 and go to 13 . 
  japan equals that with 4 tries against either samoa or the usa . 
  japan advances . 
  likewise , if samoa beat scotland and japan , and get a bonus point for tries , they advance . 
  what does coybig mean ?!, 
  all i could pice together was `` come on you big irish gits ! '', 
  which does n't seem like something a supporter would say, 
  no of course not , but this is n't a complaint thread , so the argument does n't apply . 
  it 's just looking at where they were born . 
  i never understood how good it would be to have a world cup on in your own timezone until 2011 . 
  i watched almost every game of that cup . 
  scotland playing romania in a pub at 2 in the afternoon , ireland playing wales in a tab with ma'a nonu while the sun was shining . 
  only the ones on the comments section of the news articles . 
  beaver had literally given up on all blacks life because we all paid him out for fucking up against australia in hong kong 2010 . 
  so what does he do during the world cup ? 
  he goes off fishing on the waikato , presumably so he can get away from the suffocating atmosphere that he is outside of . 
  then he gets a call from a number he does n't know , because he deleted ted from his phone , and he 's asked to play . 
  he shows up , they give him a tiny jersey , the entire country collectively tighten their sphincters , and he miraculously makes it . 
  he is the ultimate redemption story . 
  a complete move from zero to hero .
