  do you think skill is just being able to react quickly and shoot someone ? 
  because i think skill involves planning ahead and positioning . 
  which means that instead of running into the circle and setting up camp right next to the blue to watch for late comers , i 'd be planning ahead knowing that the circle was about to change . 
  in your diagram , the red x has positioned themselves far better than, 
  the purple x if that 's a final two situation . 
  assuming that 's the final circle in grey ( or just two left ) , it 's hardly an impossible situation . 
  yes it 's difficult , but if you 're skilled in the way you 're implying ( shooting and reaction time ) you 'll be able to react to that player popping out and contest it . 
  if you 're not a complete idiot , you wo n't be running in a straight line either . 
  i think the two situations require different skills in the different modes . 
  i also think fair is silly . 
  in cs is it unfair to have one player with a pistol and one with an awp ? 
  no , because one person has earned the advantage . 
  in this situation , that player has planned ahead and has earned the advantage . 
  there 's a reason you contest the high ground , and try to secure a good spot first . 
  someone from iowa is going to be able to market a product far more effectively to a midwestern audience than someone from beijing . 
  this is why an american company operating in china is going to hire some chinese people , work with local chinese pr or marketing , they 're going to do market research on chinese people in the region they 're operating , they 're going to look at culture , at the language , at the previous history of sales for products in that marketplace . 
  because if they do n't , they 're going to lose a shitload of money . 
  do you think companies just jump on google translate and convert their slogans to mandarin or something ? 
   on the other hand , why would a tractor company give a shit about hiring people from nyc and boston ? 
  john deere manufactures tractors . 
  they also manufacture lawnmowers . 
  they are also listed on the ny stock exchange . 
  they have nine factories outside the states , including 7 countries where english is not the main language . 
  they operate in several more countries selling forestry equipment . 
  i can see several reasons to hire someone other than a white english speaking male in here . 
  new holland tractors operate in 170 countries . 
  their headquarters is in italy . 
  do you think selling a tractor in america or china with an italian marketing campaign will go down well ? 
  do you think that asking italian farmers what they want in a tractor will help new holland figure out how to adapt their tractors to operate in canada , argentina , or russia ? 
   the only place where cultural elements come into play is sales and marketing . 
  and guess what -- every multi-national corporation hires the appropriate people for those roles . 
  so ... diversity . 
  thanks for your input . 
   with third person there is zero planning or positioning , you get in a good circle and then just afk behind a rock or tree !, 
  but your purple x has n't got in a good circle and found a position . 
  they 've just run in from the blue and camped behind the first rock he found . 
  in fact , given the rng of pubg circles , and the likelihood that they are positioned close to the previous circle boundary , purple x is in one of the most objectively bad positions around because there is an incredible low chance that they 're in the next circle . 
   no they have n't the circle just landed on them !, 
  you do n't know that . 
  [ this could be the previous circle . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zkprear.png ) in which case , they 've made their way to a good position within the white circle and prepared for the next . 
  [ here 's a counter-diagram of where the circles could have landed . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2iiy1gr.png ) a is your circle . 
  purple x can can move straight north which would be silly , but they could also push east to the tree , and loop north to the circle . 
  they could push north-east for the other rock , which would give them an angle on red x. 
  if this was first person , purple x would still be at a disadvantage because when they run for the circle , fire could come from anywhere - there are four positions of cover within the next circle and if red x is crouched or proned , there 's almost no chance of their being seen . 
  on to the other circles ( assuming third person ) . 
  scenario b puts the new circle to the east . 
  red x has the advantage due to prior positioning and proximity to the centre . 
  purple x is disadvantaged because they have n't planned for the next circle . 
  scenario c gives the advantage to red x again , because they positioned themselves near multiple areas of cover . 
  if red x had run into the northern edge of the circle like purple x did , they would be fucked , because bad positioning leaves them with half a circle to cover , while purple x can out wait them . 
  scenario d also screws up red x a bit , but again , they benefit from prior positioning . 
  because they made their way to the centre of the original circle , they 're close to this new one . 
  they can wait out the blue , and confirm the location of the enemy before they move . 
  in all four circles , red x is in a good position for the large circle because they planned ahead . 
  purple x is in the new circle for one , in good ( and equal ) position for one , and badly positioned for two . 
  if purple x had pushed for the centre of the circle , or flanked to west or east rather than coming in straight south , they would have either opened up an angle on red x , or found more cover . 
  rng does produce a disadvantage , yes , but it does the same for spawning of weapons , gear , vehicles , and the spawning of the first circle . 
  the major disadvantage however , comes from how purple x has arrived at this circle . 
  if you are in the centre of the first circle , then you are in the best possible position for all possible random generations of the second circle . 
  that is mathematical fact . 
  purple x is nowhere near the centre . 
  red x is . 
  is that why there are videos of people saying `` trump won , go back to where you came from ! '', 
  or `` speak english in america '' ? 
  i read the first amendment but it did n't say anything about free speech being in english . 
  do you disagree that they do ? 
  this is a really nice rule . 
  you could spam your brightness and gamma up so you had the ugliest game mode since the 80s . 
  it was greyscale and horrible . 
  but when it was like that you could jump on a 200ping server across the world with 4 other players and raid the airfield for the best weapons with a lot less fear . 
  you could also find the helicopter wrecks a lot easier !, 
  could add nv to some helmets . 
  say 25 % of level 3s come with nv . 
  there ;'d still be the disadvantages of nv - bright flashes would blind you for a bit , meaning you 'd have to be careful about running into a firefight . 
  i really do n't , but that 's ok . 
  i ca n't be bothered arguing with someone who thinks that diversity is pointless because it 's about the stupidest thing i 'll read on the internet today . 
  deadset , i can not believe that i just realised that is a welding mask . 
  fuck me dead that took me months . 
  i think flash grenades might need to be reworked , but yeah , could be good !, 
  lol , let 's cry that men do n't have privilege because a hugely sexist system that we 've all bought into for centuries is finally kicking our arses in the life expectancy stats . 
  some people would call passivity and inaction strategy and patience . 
  arma had fast kills , long range weapons , heaps of places to abuse the camera . 
  it 's also immensely popular and hailed as a tactical masterpiece . 
  i 've had far too many arguments about this already , but the fact that information is given for free is a part of what makes it tactical . 
  you have to be willing to recognise what the other player can see , and how you avoid feeding into their knowledge . 
  the guy who said it 's a high iq mode is a fucktard , but it does require a lot of thinking , just like first person . 
  you just need to think about it in a different manner . 
  different thinking = / = less skill, 
  because third person is nowhere near as unbalanced as people would have you think . 
  most people prefer not to look back when they get out of the gutter . 
   the worst thing in the world is to offend anyone , to them . 
  he talked about jerking off in his hotel room on stream at a major event . 
  it 's the behaviour of a fourteen year old . 
  it 's not even offensive , it 's just stupid and unprofessional and embarrassing when it comes from someone who is clearly twice that age . 
  this is an underrated point - the theme . 
  a will-o ' - the-wisp is commonly seen in a swamp environment , so it makes sense that something like dark reef theme would have a watery , marshy hero release . 
   i voted yes, 
   but i also voted rubick,
