  i do wonder how a clinton/sanders ticket would have done though . 
  it was bought in albany , so it could theoretically be someone from up in the sticks that bought it at work . 
  hillary made mistakes . 
  so did obama . 
  so did bush ii , clinton , bush i , reagan , and all the others . 
  but hillary did n't create an environment of hatred at home . 
  trump has done that . 
  and a vote for him supports that . 
  you can hate hillary all you like . 
  you can despise her , and see her as the manifestation of the anti-christ . 
  but a vote for trump , brings the hatred home . 
  and if you 're a white dude , did you at all consider what might happen to the black woman who makes your coffee ? 
  the muslim man who runs your local shop ? 
  the hispanic family that moved in across the street ? 
  the problem was where we elected to give up our sovereignty to the demands of foreign corporations . 
  ironic , as that sovereignty was hard fought for by the original settlers who disliked m\u0101ori expression of it . 
  you really should n't buy into everything you read . 
  nah , i 'm not saying they were . 
  they were a huge bulk of his vote though , and no one had a way to get them . 
  i did n't assume anything , i said * if * . 
  if you did n't vote trump , then my comment does n't apply to you . 
  on your other concerns ... yes the welfare reform bill was horrible . 
  it was also 22 years ago , and i think they 've admitted it was a bad idea . 
  and tpp ? 
  these * benefit * america . 
  free trade brings goods to america at a cheaper price , while allowing you to export more product for a greater profit . 
  countries around the world are protesting tppa because it gave america too much power . 
  but hillary said she would n't pass it anyway . 
  oh and nafta created more jobs than it removed from the american economy . 
  and lastly , trump is an elite . 
  trump is the establishment . 
  who is trump going to pass laws with ? 
  the senate . 
  the house of reps. america just got sold down the river . 
  and the rest of us are grieving for you , because you might have just fucked us too . 
  please go on with these , because it 's been a shit day and i 'd love some internet holes to delve into . 
  i 'm not even american mate , you 're the one that has to deal with it . 
  to be fair , * heart of darkness * is a fucking slog to get through , and if i was able to read it enough times to understand it , i 'd probably reference it a lot too . 
  yeah , nah , not an aussie either . 
  kiwi , with our own issues , but none like this . 
  this is really bad logic . 
  why would a party that has fought for progressive policy in the last eight years turn around and say `` we will throw it all away if our candidate is not the nominee '' ? 
  why would they give up three branches of government , just because of that ? 
  i 've got a serious question here . 
  if bernie won the nominee , were hillary supporters expected to fall in line and back him ? 
   on what spacetime continuum ? 
  literally every . 
  single . 
  one . 
  hillary got attacked for her gender repeatedly over the course of this election cycle . 
  trump railed against big business , and was backed by the kkk . 
  he talked about conspiracies where banks are controlling the world . 
  he said that ` some people ' in financial institutions had too much power . 
  and you think an old jewish man from vermont would have stood a chance against the bigotry of half of america ? 
  he 's also the one that a large number of them refused to back , before crawling back to him yesterday saying they `` reluctantly voted for our nominee . '', 
  i understand the tppa , because i 'm from a country where it would impact far more negatively upon me than it would you . 
  people do n't seem to get it , but free trade is a good thing . 
  like really good . 
  tppa is shit , but it was n't worth getting rid of for trump . 
  trump said he would stop every single one of the 1.6 billion muslims from around the world from going to america . 
  the `` great melting pot '' , the `` land of liberty '' , the nation founded on successive waves of immigration from around the world . 
  where freedom reigns supreme . 
  where * anyone * can succeed . 
  trump said that mexicans were rapists , that women who seek legal abortions should be punished , that roe v. wade should be overturned , and that gay marriage would be repealed . 
  that is all bigotry . 
  and america just voted for that . 
  maybe americans are n't bigoted , but they 're complicit . 
  you understand how the tppa works right ? 
  foreign companies who dislike the laws of new zealand , could sue the new zealand government to remove those laws if it impacted on the profits of those companies . 
  it meant that a pharmaceutical company could sue the nz gov because pharmac was subsidising medicine , and that makes the us pharmaceuticals unable to compete in our market . 
  and this is n't scare tactics , it 's already happening in other countries that have similar agreeements . 
  where did i say that she lost for being a woman ? 
  where did i say you were a sexist ? 
  where did i scapegoat on gender ? 
  i said she got attacked for being a woman . 
  she did . 
  roe v. wade , the voting rights act , and gay marriage can all be overturned by the supreme court now . 
  the loss of r v w endangers lives , and the vra disenfranchises . 
  you sound like an incredibly good person . 
  thanks for everything you do . 
  so when you do n't get your way , you burn the building down ? 
  i posted this in another thread : if bernie won the nominee , were hillary supporters expected to fall in line and back him ? 
  because i think the answer is yes . 
  i think bernie supporters would have expected all of the democrats to fall in line , and support their nominee . 
  and to me , that 's arrogance . 
  as for your other comments on turnout , you 're simply wrong . 
  [ the only data we have ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/election/results/exit-polls/national/president ) shows 55 % of 18-29s for hillary and 54 % of women for hillary . 
  but even worse , 88 % of blacks for hillary , 65 % latino , and 65 % asians for hillary . 
  who went for trump ? 
  whites . 
  white millenials to trump . 
  white women to trump . 
  white college graduates , went for trump by 4 points . 
  the only white demographic that went to hillary was college educated women . 
  ... and to answer your bolded text , no this was n't the fault of bernie 's supporters . 
  bernie did n't have 48 % of the country supporting him . 
  this was the fault of everyone who voted for trump . 
  no one else . 
  you say we 've got it good in new zealand , but we have n't had a liberal government in three elections because we 've suffered through what you just did . 
  we have n't figured out how to vote strategically , and in return , we 've gifted it the elections to conservatives over and over .
