  todd barclay was 54th , and national got 60 seats . 
  that makes him in the top 90 percent . 
  at the last election , the green party got 14 seats . 
  chloe is at 9 , and golriz is at 10 . 
  top 64 and 71 % respectively . 
  it 's slightly elevated compared to barclay , but then he was given a safe electorate and his list ranking was immaterial . 
  add to that , the green 's list is voted on by members of the party , so this is representative of what they 've asked for . 
  i do n't see how it can get any fairer than that . 
  `` oh shit , they 're onto us , what do we do now ?? '', 
  `` sean , you tell them something that makes them think you 're a moron . 
  rex , go out and deny everything . 
  go do that thing where you look like a half decomposed body on fox kellyanne , yeah that face you 're giving me , exactly !, 
  and mr. president , we need you to go tweet , ok ? 
  tell them some interesting facts about our work . 
  * minutes later *, 
  [ @realdonaldtrump : the democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election , and so badly ( 306 ) , so they made up a story - russia . 
  fake news !, 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/832238070460186625 ), 
  [ nah he 's golden ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dk68fytu5w ), 
  he willingly hitched himself to a guy who is known for treating employees like shit , and you feel sorry for him getting treated like shit ? 
  * ' i did n't think the leopards would eat my face ' says woman who voted for the leopards eating people 's faces party . 
  til americans put their regos on what looks like the number plate and not somewhere smart like inside the car ? 
  the beauty of the catch, 
  i yelled `` nah , that 's a terrible kick , it 's too far forward ! '', 
  but then the giraffe of the north , the lanky leaper , the maroon marauder comes out of nowhere , and it 's taken !, 
  i ca n't speak for the uk laws , but in new zealand you can do all the advertising you like up until the night before the election . 
  by 11:59 pm the night before , all election advertising for political parties , candidates , etc , has to be removed . 
  so we have about 6 weeks of political campaigning , and then the night before it disappears . 
  no political ads can run on tv or on websites , all campaigning material is removed outside , and the news and radio wo n't talk about any parties until the vote is done . 
  call it self defence . 
  who cares . 
  if i 'm sitting at a bar enjoying a drink and someone comes up to me and tells me i 'm worthless , i 'm going to throw something at them . 
  i 'm guessing he meant she was uncomfortable with sex before the rape . 
  probably some other trauma or just not ready for it . 
  probably the person telling complete strangers that they 've got no value . 
  i think a huge and telling part of the response is his calmness . 
  he is n't surprised . 
  this is life as a black person in america . 
  this is just how it is . 
  he 's not calm because lebron is some god at defusing racial tension and just getting past it . 
  he 's calm because he knows if he reacts to it , he 'll be ignored . 
  if he gets angry , people will say `` oh look , it 's another angry black guy yelling , i guess he 's just like all the other angry black guys i see . 
  why 's he so emotional , this is a one time thing ! '', 
  but he 's calm , and i suppose those same people will now say `` hey look , lebron took it calmly , why ca n't you ? '', 
  to the next person . 
  and he brought up emmett till . 
  you know he 's upset inside , but he ca n't show it . 
  do n't look up the pictures if you 've recently eaten . 
  he was beaten so viciously and left in a swamp tied in barbed wire , so his body bloated in the water and he was unrecognisable . 
  someone sprayed the n-word on lebron 's gate to remind him that despite his status as a rich , successful , and talented american sportsman , he 's still a part of what 's considered a second class citizenry by many . 
  it does n't matter that he has millions , he 's being told it does n't count because he 's still black . 
  [ voter fraud in america is a myth . 
  ] ( https://www.brennancenter.org/analysis/debunking-voter-fraud-myth ), 
  it 's used by republicans to shut down minority votes because they wo n't vote for them . 
  it 's been going on for a hundred years or more . 
  `` fire is bad , all this advertising telling us to buy smoke alarms * must * be some sort of conspiracy !, 
  and whenever i say do n't buy a smoke alarm , people call me an idiot !, 
  it just proves i 'm being silenced ! '', 
  true . 
  i was originally meant to put `` after you 've eaten '' but left it out , i 'll clarify now because you 're right , it 's important to know about . 
   totally buys into the whole idea of everyone from cali and ny being coastal elites who do n't understand `` real '' society or whatever, 
  i can actually see how you would feel quite bitter if you thought there were that many people who were rich and not struggling . 
  you know what ? 
  if joe the plumber wants to tell me that vaccinations cause autism , joe should have gone to med school and done 10 + years of study . 
  instead , joe got an apprenticeship , now runs a wildly successful business cleaning shit out of my pipes , and i wo n't be telling him how to fix a u-bend that 's spewing toxic waste into my wall cavity . 
  lebron is a black man in america . 
  thanks !, 
  i was n't sure how well it 'd be taken . 
  i 've seen / r/nba react to racial issues in both horrific and amazing ways . 
  i think it 's important that this gets talked about though , so i 'll keep trying . 
  i do n't criticise anyone for their job , i criticise them for making an uninformed observation . 
   continue to trust whatever authority you like , without taking the time to learn for yourself, 
  how do you learn ? 
  what do you read to gain this knowledge ? 
  where do you find it ? 
  who wrote it ? 
  what 's their purpose in writing it ? 
  what 's their training ? 
  what 's their evidence ? 
  how did they come by their evidence ? 
  nah i see what you 're saying , but i 'd have to disagree because those people are still better off in some regards . 
  voter id laws are n't targeted to disenfranchise them , people are n't predisposed to look at them in a different way ( which affects interactions with cops , doctors , teachers etc ) . 
  got ta disagree with you dude . 
  i saw a truck tailgating some old bird in a suzy swift and when he jumped on the horn she near carked it . 
  scooted off to the side pretty quick after that and he went off with his red lights flashing . 
  holy fuck i 'm seeing phantom slashes across your post because of the line spacing of judiciary throughout it, 
  if you go up to random people in public and insult them , then you probably really do have little to no appreciable value . 
   somebody saying `` damn that drawing is attractive ! '', 
  let 's not pretend this is the same as someone pointing at a character and making a `` look titties ! '', 
  action, 
  [ i think that 's what he did here ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/869858333477523458 ) - he spun it into a joke , which is what it really was i guess . 
  spicer is the worrying one here . 
  i first found it at a library i think and had never read any of his stuff . 
  this was only two or three years ago . 
  but it was one of those books that you see as a child at the library when you stray into the adult section : it had an old 80s/90s style cover art to it , and it was semi-fantasy which added to the effect . 
  it was exactly the sort of thing i 'd look at in wonder as a kid . 
  i ended up devouring the whole trilogy , and most of the rest of his books , but those three are still my absolute favourite works of his . 
  it 's a cop out answer , but just get all of them . 
  i ca n't remember a single poirot that i 've read and not enjoyed . 
  i do n't think it 's exactly what you 're describing , but * the goldfinch * by donna tartt is fantastically written and has some good hedonism running through it .
