  i was in the local tab ( betting agency ) during the ireland v. wales quarterfinal in 2011 . 
  the all blacks were staying at a hotel across the road in preparation for their qf at eden park the next night . 
  ma'a nonu , zac guildford and someone else came into the tab to have a few punts . 
  zac and the other guy went to the horses first , and i turned and saw ma'a sitting right behind me watching the rugby . 
  i support ireland out of the european teams as my grandmother grew up there , and my mother lived there for awhile , so i obviously did n't want wales to win . 
  well wales got a penalty right when ireland was gaining momentum , and i heard a noise of appreciation behind me . 
  i turned round and saw ma'a nodding at the tv , and stupidly opened my mouth and said `` what 's that for ? 
  ireland 's the team to back mate ! '', 
  he looked at me like i was the thickest person he 'd ever met , and to be honest , he was probably right to do so . 
  i wish i 'd had the sense to just turn around and apologise and then say i 'd enjoyed watching him play through the pools , or good luck , but i was n't smart enough ( or brave enough - he 's fucking huge in person ) to think of that . 
  `` do i dare, 
  disturb the universe ? '', 
  from the poem * the love song of j. alfred prufrock * by t. s. eliot . 
  every time a link pops up on facebook or reddit or wherever i 'm reading and it 's referring to space travel and exploration , or the fermi paradox , or the sheer scale of the universe , this quote comes to mind and makes me think - should we ? 
  it 's probably because people are sick and tired of putting national 's shortcomings on to immigrants . 
  yeah , china has a history of corruption , and therefore chinese immigrants might bring some of that culture with them . 
  but you know what we 'd rather happened ? 
  if people just admitted once that john key and national have got some dirty fucking practices going on in this area themselves and that the corruptive issues we know about involving the chinese , e.g. 
  oravida , also involved our fucking ministers . 
  we used to have politicians you could be proud of . 
  we used to make policy that reflected our national identity to the world . 
  we did n't give a fuck who the biggest kid in the playground was , we told them how to behave in our corner . 
  now we have fast talking scumbags who are selling us out at the drop of a hat , yet somehow , the voting population is charmed by that . 
  maybe that 's why people do n't give two shits about immigrant involvement . 
  because it 's high time we started looking at ourselves to solve our problems before blaming outsiders . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying at all . 
  what i 'm saying is that it would be nice if people stopped bringing up the fucking chinese culture of corruption every time someone mentioned john key/national/pm 's office and corruption . 
  see the difference ? 
  stop using the chinese as a smokescreen . 
  can you take a second and read what i post , and what i respond to ? 
  i 'm not saying this article is a smokescreen , or that john key is the sole fount of corruption in new zealand . 
  i 'm responding to a question of why one particular comment was being downvoted - that comment being one that flicked over to an anecdote about chinese corruption when john key was referenced . 
  as for smokescreens , nothing in this thread really constitutes one , but in our media , i 'd say it comes up often enough . 
  i 've worked for white people who pay under the table . 
  there have been cases of white , maori , indian and other ethnicities all bypassing employment law . 
  it 's not a solely chinese problem , and there is no way that every chinese business is run that way . 
  no , we understand it . 
  we do n't understand why you have n't changed it . 
  is the benefit that they get more say over the presidency due to their population ? 
  california has all those electoral college votes while some states have tiny numbers ? 
  it 's ok to be angry about things breaking , but if someone 's need for control is so huge that they reschedule plans so there is time to get a replacement bowl , they 've got issues . 
  i 'd say that was a narrow miss . 
  generally speaking , if an abbreviation is for a non-european group , be careful how you use it . 
  yes . 
  with an empire that stretched around the world , it would be hard not to have some skeletons in the closet . 
  the british had holdings on every inhabited continent , and they used a range of methods to suppress locals that would qualify for modern definitions of atrocities . 
  the irish famine , commonly referred to as a genocide ( and this is debated upon still ) , was directly caused by british state policy . 
  it resulted in the deaths of around a million irish citizens . 
  earlier than this , the cromwellian campaigns in ireland resulted in many civilian deaths due to famine and war , and cromwell utilised torture as a tactic of intimidation . 
  in australia and new zealand , the colonisers were responsible for a number of events that are glossed over . 
  in new zealand , the most well known one is parihaka . 
  parihaka was a maori settlement on land that had been seized by the new zealand government in the 1860s , and was ` needed ' for european settlers . 
  maori frustrated government attempts to survey the land by removing pegs and boundary markers . 
  it was an early form of passive resistance , very similar to what gandhi would use in the next century in india . 
  the government response to this resistance was to invade the village and remove people by force , transporting men out of the region and imprisoning them around the country , as well as evicting the remaining 1,600 residents from the settlement . 
  the settlement itself was looted and burned , and utterly destroyed . 
  the nz government at this point still retained an identity closely related to britain and colonial intentions - in their views they were most definitely one and the same . 
  george monbiot talks in [ this article ] ( http://www.monbiot.com/2005/12/27/how-britain-denies-its-holocausts/ ) and [ this one ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2012/apr/23/british-empire-crimes-ignore-atrocities ) about atrocities in kenya and india . 
  if you look further , there are events in the history of every colony which are similar . 
  i just read some arguments about the direction of history and post-structuralism by david harlan this week , and bloody hell , does it make you miss regular history reading where there 's no theory involved . 
  just thought i 'd vent that off . 
  business as usual . 
  i did point out that it is still debated . 
  however , the reason i would be more willing to class it as genocide than if it was an isolated incident is because the british occupation of ireland lasted some seven centuries , and this was merely the latest in a long run of events that affected the irish population . 
  in that context , it carries a lot more taint than if it was just a lone case of incompetence . 
  rather , it becomes one of classifying certain people ( the irish ) as a lesser group who were n't worthy of the help . 
  well to begin with , we 'd better define invasion . 
  from the oed :, 
   ** invade ** enter ( a country etc. 
  in a hostile manner and with armed force with intent to control or subdue it ; attack . 
  the second source i 'd point to is the wikipedia page for the [ list of invasions ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_invasions ) . 
  while wikipedia is a horrendous source for many disciplines , including history , it can be quite useful for this type of quantitative history . 
  going straight from their list , the tally ends up like so :, 
  of invasions | countries, 
  8 | usa . 
  6 | china , israel . 
  5 | north vietnam . 
  3 | france , india , iraq , ussr . 
  2 | egypt , indonesia , north korea , pakistan , south korea , syria . 
  1 | argentina , biafra , bulgaria , cyprus , el salvador , greece , hungary , jordan , morocco , nigeria , poland , saudi arabia , somalia , tanzania , turkey , uganda , united kingdom . 
  so the basic face value answer is no , israel has not committed the most invasions . 
  the united states takes the no . 
  1 position with 8 , beating israel and china by 2 . 
  however , this is just a basic look at the statistics . 
  and there are issues with these numbers too . 
  firstly , how do we look at territories that changed their names or added to their countries during this period ? 
  north vietnam conquered south vietnam in 1976 , becoming the united country called vietnam . 
  the new vietnam added 4 invasions to its own tally , which if combined with north vietnam would surpass all other nations on the list . 
  considering that the union of north and south vietnam was not an equal one , but a conquest , and that those responsible for the invasions committed by north vietnam were the same leaders during the later spate of invasions , i would argue that there is merit in counting the totals together . 
  this would put, 
  secondly , the status of territories . 
  palestine is a notorious example . 
  looking at the list of invasions , i am certain some are not appearing there under israel 's tally , and that some may be missing too from their opponents in the wars that have occurred in that region since 1945 . 
  as well as that , there are contested territories which undoubtedly raise the issue of who is in control of land ? 
  i would suggest that france 's invasions of vietnam in 1945 and 1946 might not count at all as vietnam was a french possession at the time , and that vietnam had not truly thrown off the influence of france at this point, 
  thirdly , how do we count invasions that occur as part of one war ? 
  for example , israel is give three invasions for the six day war in 1967 , which was a simultaneous attack , and a part of one operation . 
  but to take this as a measure of aggression would be wrong as the three nations were in alliance with each other . 
  as well as this , / u/tayaravaknin points out that israel was not the aggressor , yet by definiton , those were legitimate invasions . 
  lastly on the issue of numbers , is the quality of wikipedia as a source .
