  mate , half of us support the hurricanes , highlanders , and blues . 
  we 've been going through this for a decade . 
  hooper 's gon na make the shit-list if he 's not careful . 
  could also be a lack of experience , little bit of fear etc. 
  tell you the truth , it 's been five or more years and i still giggle everytime i hear the qc boo, 
  good on ya nige, 
  but a strong america = a strong stockmarket and currency . 
  which investors love . 
  so why are n't the people who stand to make billions off of maga not supporting trump ? 
  that was a tight bloody game , do n't be so disheartened aussie fans . 
  i doubt any other team in the world would have kept it that close for that long while making that many errors . 
  for future reference , 1332 am has all abs games . 
  sorry if you missed out !, 
  either that or s/he 's a problem gambler that put it all on a ` sure thing ' to save himself . 
  i was n't gon na start a thread because my opinion will go against most of the people on this sub , but since there 's one now , here goes . 
  in my view , the try should n't have been allowed , the call was correct . 
  no disrespect to speight , because that was a fantastic effort by him . 
  this is the fault of the winger whose name i only remember half of , so i 'll call him petty . 
  [ here 's the video . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-zvhk4o9_c ), 
  the inside man hands off to speight , passing * across * petty and savea . 
  petty looks at the inside , sees savea , ** and changes his line to get in front of savea , and put an arm across him to push him out of the way . 
  so there are two questions here :, 
  was savea impeded ? 
  ** yes . 
  could savea have caught speight ? 
  i would have said no to this one at first , but after a replay , and watching the video now , savea is a lot closer to speight , and he 's capable of accelerating as we all know . 
  the try was probably scored anyway , but * petty denied savea the opportunity to attempt a save * and that 's why it was disallowed . 
  no he was n't , he changed his angle and threw an arm out . 
  handling errors : 10, 
  discounting all the other passing in the game , the all blacks still managed a 37.5 % completion rate of their passing , while barrett hit 0 % of his kicks . 
  substantially worse !, 
  why would we want a football stadium ? 
  cricket is the biggest summer sport , and rugby is the biggest winter sport . 
  no reason to cater to football when the phoenix are wellington based and the all whites would n't even draw a crowd . 
  have you been to eden park ? 
  it 's great for rugby , and it hosts cricket too . 
  just saw your flair , dreamin ' mate, 
  too easy , put him at fullback !, 
  no one saw it . 
  there were no booes from the crowd , and the live feeds did n't go back to it . 
  i think most people thought he 'd just had a head clash or something . 
  there was no mistake last night . 
  there was a mistake in 2015 against scotland . 
  in the first instance , cheika did n't respect the ref . 
  in the second , he did . 
  there 's a problem here . 
  personally , i still like watching the wallabies play . 
  i still like quite a few of the players . 
  i do n't know as many of them , which is why i think they 're a bit shit lately ( new squad being built ) , but i have n't got anything against the wallabies as a group . 
  i 'm not , am living on the shore though and have heard a lot about the rivalry haha . 
  yeah , but he 's saying it 's awful for rugby which it 's not . 
  so jonathan kaplan is correct , but nigel owens is n't ? 
  they 're both refs mate , does n't mean they 're perfect . 
  this sounds like a time for elaboration !, 
  i 've never heard anyone call rugby ( or league ) football in nz . 
  how about you fuck off with your assumptions that i 'm `` rebranding '' when i 'm just using the words he used ? 
  this is a difficult question to answer fully , because it depends on so many different factors , and is across two specialties . 
  firstly , population stats according to that holy grail of sources , wikipeda ( if anyone can direct me to better pop stats , please do . ), 
  the m\u0101ori population in 1800 is est. 
  to have been between 100-120 ,000 people . 
  the indigenous hawaiian ( hereafter i 'm gon na write ihawaiian ) population is est. 
  to have been around 260,000 at the same time . 
  those who claim full blooded ihawaiian ancestry number 140,000 . 
  the same among m\u0101ori is 280,000 . 
  the totals , those who claim both full indigenous heritage , as well as mixed , are 750,000 for m\u0101ori , and 400,000 for ihawaiian . 
  the ihawaiian population took a nose dive after first encounters with europeans , dropping from that 260k to just under 40,000 by 1900 according to the us census in that year . 
  likewise , m\u0101ori had a huge drop in population , falling as far as 50,000 in the 1850s . 
  unlike the ihawaiians , this was not only due to disease , but also because there were a series of wars that killed tens of thousands of m\u0101ori . 
  i 'm not sure about ihawaiian history here , but at this point in time , the m\u0101ori were considered to be ' a dying race ' in new zealand . 
  it was assumed that by the early 20th century , m\u0101ori would have died out entirely . 
  after the wars though , there were n't really obstacles in m\u0101ori population growth . 
  social welfare through the late 19th/early 20th centuries meant that m\u0101ori received better medical care and education about health . 
  none of this explains how you go from 50,000 m\u0101ori to 750,000 in a century and a half though !, 
  and this is where this topic gets really difficult , both for m\u0101ori and ihawaiian discussions . 
  statistically , all we know about these population numbers was achieved through the census in both countries . 
  the census is usually pretty accurate in numbers , but on the finer detail it can be misleading because of self selection bias . 
  what this means is that someone who is m\u0101ori / ihawaiian * might not * name themselves as such on the census . 
  this could be for any number of reasons : not knowing , not identifying with the group , being ashamed of their heritage , hiding their heritage , or any other . 
  by the same token , someone who has one m\u0101ori / ihawaiian great-great-grandparent could identify as that ethnicity because they have formed a connection with that culture in their lives , and it shapes their identity . 
  for this reason , the total m\u0101ori population of 755,000 includes people who would identify as both m\u0101ori and p\u0101keh\u0101 through intermarriage between the populations . 
  the numbers who claim full blooded ihawaiian/m \u0101ori heritage are much lower than the totals , and this could be down to several reasons too : m\u0101ori have a higher population because they had access to better medical care , or because more m\u0101ori chose to marry within the population than ihawaiians did . 
  it seems to be a sign of the m\u0101ori population recovering quicker than the ihawaiian one , and the main thing that stands out to me is that m\u0101ori were living alongside a steadily growing european population from 1840 onwards , while hawaii was n't annexed until 1898 . 
  this may have had some effect . 
  i 'd ask this over at / r/asksocialscience or / r/askanthropology tbh , you might get some better answers there !, 
  it 's hardly a problem if they 're not actually together . 
  however nasty smoking might be , it 's nowhere near as distracting as trying to key in options on a smartphone . 
  how is a teenager 's curfew enforceable by cops ? 
  jesus , that 's ridiculous . 
  is this common in the us ? 
  i 'd regularly be walking/cycling around the place after midnight from around 15 years old . 
  ignore the logic of religious ancestors giving israel rights to be there , because that 's a flimsy argument . 
  the population was pretty much dropped there because no one else would accept them - and that 's after one of the worst atrocities in history . 
  broadly speaking , i 'd put the blame on the allies , not the israelis . 
  but that does n't excuse hamas , and iran , and several other groups there , having the goal of wiping out the state of israel instead of negotiating for a two state solution . 
  that 's really odd . 
  could you tell me ( post or pm if you want it to be private ) the name of the city ? 
  would love to read a bit more about this . 
  god damn , y' all need some kicking lessons, 
  i 'd like to play my cheat card and make my pick the day after the finals please .
