  you 'll get crap like weedle sometimes , but the more you hatch , the more you get . 
  hoarding helps nothing . 
  oh , and 10kms are really rare . 
  i had 3 before level 10 ( 1 x hitmonlee , 2 x kabuto ) and i only got my fourth today ( two and a half weeks later ) . 
  nanny stating at a whole new level . 
  he 's claimed it , but there has n't been any evidence to show that it 's true . 
  that 's a whole other issue of government defining who is ethnically what though . 
  the bigger issue is that tonto was n't part cherokee , he * was * cherokee . 
  johnny depp is white . 
  his great grandmother could be a nigerian , and his great grandfather could be a comanche , but he is still white . 
  so why hire a white dude to play a cherokee role when you could hire a cherokee to play it ? 
   the point of me holding on to my incubators was because level 20 is the cap to get the highest cp pok\u00e9mon from eggs , right ? 
  but if you hatch your eggs immediately , you get xp , which drives up your level , and gives you candies . 
  this means your next eggs get higher cp and you 'll have candies to boost the cp past the level cap . 
  but people are also saying that cp of an egg is guided by when the egg drops . 
  so you could save a 10km egg for 10 levels and get a shitty 300cp hitmonlee . 
  [ anyway here 's the chart of egg pokemon . 
  ] ( https://www.primagames.com/media/files/pokemon-go-eggs.jpg/primap/resize/1200x/quality/80 ) i can tell you from personal experience that onix and hitmonlee are both trash . 
  their cp caps out incredibly low . 
  hitmonchan is probably similar to hitmonlee . 
  eevee are a dime a dozen anyway . 
  dratini would be good to hatch for the candy , but they also appear in the wild fairly often , as do omanyte and kabuto . 
  that 's 7 of the 17 10km hatches . 
  the 5km hatches are the real goldmine . 
  they have most of the stone evolutions , which take 125 candies to go from stage 1 to stage 3 . 
  you want those hatched * asap * to get those candies stashed so when you run into a wild 700cp bellsprout when you 're level 25 , you have 125 candies ready to go to turn it into a monster victreebell . 
  it 's your choice , but personally i do n't see why you would want to save 9 eggs you ca n't throw away when you could be using them and maxxing your xp and candy count . 
  yes . 
  sooo ... only white actors can make money making movies ? 
  or only famous white actors can ? 
  johnny depp was n't born famous , he worked for it . 
  so maybe you cast a cherokee actor , and he does well . 
  he gets more roles . 
  then all of a sudden , you have a new famous cherokee actor . 
  then this is n't a problem anymore !, 
  unless the fame process only works for white people . 
  so hire a cherokee actor , and get him exposure and a chance at fame . 
  who the fuck is armie hammer ? 
  if you have some no name white dude playing the lone ranger , why ca n't you put johnny depp in that role and have a no name cherokee playing tonto ? 
  you know there are none . 
  but how do you get them when you 're not offering them roles ? 
  i 'm not talking about recasting batman as cherokee for some warped affirmative action initiative . 
  i 'm saying you got a cherokee character ? 
  hire a fucking cherokee , and end this problem . 
  amazingly the word ` olympian ' does n't appear once in the article . 
  if you look at one of the other comments i replied to , the actor of the lone ranger was a no name white guy . 
  why did n't the make johnny depp/brad pitt/matt damon the lone ranger , and tonto a no name cherokee ? 
  this was n't the only solution , just the lazy one . 
  i am very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , happy that the highlanders game is at 1am nzt and not 3 or 4 . 
  interesting how a lot of the kiwi sides are going with co-captains now , rather than outright captains . 
  has justin marshall become quite a good analyst of plays ? 
  i quite liked the bit he just did on beauden 's kick and chase . 
  nah , he was absolute trash a few years back . 
  huge improvement . 
  it does n't take an incredible level of insight for a seasoned viewer . 
  but for a new person watching , or a kid ? 
  that 's the sort of thing you might n't think about on your own , but marshall puts the idea there . 
  final 's comin back to wellington boys, 
  i would n't mind watching the lions play the canes , but god damn a rerun of highlanders vs. canes would be insane . 
  hardly deliberate , his arm was swinging across to try and collect, 
  julian savea should change his name to julian seven for all the minutes he plays in finals rugby . 
  no it 's not . 
  nah , they won two championships and never shut up about it . 
  canes giving them the comeuppance !, 
  i feel sorry for the guy , he was a fucking brilliant all black . 
  there 's a reason the lions were second on the entire table , * after * playing kiwi teams . 
  good game lads , i 'm off to bed . 
  stop talking shit about peds and cheating , you make us look bad . 
  the only thing to blame here is the highlanders ' performance , and the shitty travel scheme . 
  but hey , at least they got the airpoints . 
  the point is that it becomes harder and more expensive to get a gun . 
  yeah , because people just grow guns on trees in the backyard . 
  what would they blame the game for ? 
  did you ever play pokemon on gameboy ? 
  newsflash : the people who commit mass shootings ? 
  and the guy who shot the lady in the waffle house ? 
  they were law abiding citizens until they shot people . 
  yeah , you can do it , but it 's not that common is it ? 
  someone like the waffle house shooter who snaps in the moment and shoots a waitress is n't going to commit that same crime if he has to go home and forge the pieces for a gun . 
  the guys forging guns in their backyards are either criminals or hobbyists . 
  criminals will buy illegal guns anyway , hobbyists wo n't go shooting people in a rage . 
  tougher gun laws just mean that you have less guns in the hands of people who snap and get road rage , or cafe rage or angry in other public places . 
  surely he 's not blaming pokemon go and saying it caused him to crash , but rather that he was playing it and got distracted . 
  nobody is stupid enough to say that and mean it . 
  i did n't care about the 3 step thing . 
  i did n't care about difficulties of catching pokemon above level 20 . 
  i did n't even care about their lack of communication . 
  but god damn , i am fucking furious that they removed battery saver mode on iphones . 
  given people complained * endlessly * about having to scroll down to transfer , having a button that is instantly visible for transferring makes a lot of sense . 
  yes . 
  it takes longer . 
  i tracked this the other day : hatched a 5km egg but the odometer measured 45km travelled before it hatched . 
  2km eggs seem to work well on buses/cars though , they go a lot quicker . 
  no to the gym feature . 
  what needs to be done instead is fix how you reinforce gyms . 
  i do n't want to sit at a mystic gym for 30min grinding 200 prestige per battle to get it to the next level for me to add a pokemon . 
  i 'm strong enough now that i can just go to the valour gym down the road and knock it out in 10min , which has the same benefit for me . 
  because of this , if i see a mystic gym getting battled down , and beaten , of course i 'm going to drop a pokemon in . 
  i did it yesterday on a bus as it drove past a gym because it 's a far more realistic way of reinforcing gyms than the current method . 
  they disabled it/it bugged out two weeks ago , and they 've been flooded with complaints ever since .
