  * bernie would n't have won . 
  * hillary was backed by the dnc because she 's a democrat and has proven her credentials . 
  * bernie was n't backed because he 's an independent who had so many un-american skeletons in the closet that it would have been like the mccarthy era all over again . 
  * ... and bernie bros who went `` bernie or bust ! '', 
  are n't diehard political liberals , they 're sexist assholes who decided to throw the poor under the bus because they could n't get their candidate . 
  the car only gets towed as a punishment though , right ? 
  if you 're in an accident , your car wo n't get towed until the cops show up and order it moved , or you give permission . 
  i have this with secondhand shops and book fairs . 
  over a thousand books i 've collected at $ 3/kg sales , but i 'm still to work my way through about half of them and i 'm still buying new ones/being gifted new ones . 
   i also know buying books for people is typically considered a lame gift, 
  really ? 
  when i was a kid my christmas/birthday wish lists were mostly books . 
  this christmas just been i was given 6-7 books from various people . 
  i think i was the only person in the family who * did n't * buy someone a book this christmas , and i know everyone else got at least 3 themselves . 
  edit : maybe it 's an american thing for books to be a lame gift ? 
  first one can introduce them to reading by sharing a good book , just like introducing someone to any other hobby . 
  second one shows someone is interested in your hobbies , and an exchange card fixes any issues there . 
  that 's a joke , surely . 
  he 's supposed to remember the lady who served him a pint years later when she sells him a bed ? 
  why would russia fire on its own overseas territory ? 
  really ? 
  i dunno about that . 
  everyone i know i could find a book for . 
  i 've given books to non-book people before for birthdays and christmas , and they 're serious readers now . 
  it just takes a bit more thought because you have to get them something that does n't seem like a book if you know what i mean . 
  people who do n't like books often find them tedious , so you get something they ca n't put down - a photography book of the nfl with a few essays scattered through if they like football for example . 
  the idea is that you do n't give a blind gift , but something that connects to their interests . 
  if they 're illiterate then obviously do n't give them a book , but if they can read , then why the hell not ? 
  it 's the most ubiquitous gift out there and there 's one for every subject . 
  on the second point , maybe it 's a cultural thing . 
  all my local bookstores tuck an exchange card into the cover at christmas so that there is no awkwardness . 
  oh , you have that novel ? 
  well there 's an exchange card so go grab one you do n't have !, 
  i swapped two books out this past christmas because everyone made sure they handed out exchange cards in case of double ups . 
  this is a largely stereotyped statement and is n't really helpful to anyone 's understanding of the subject . 
   the maori were ( and many still are ) formidable warriors, 
  this is just a rehash of the stereotypical warlike race of natives that has been circulating for centuries now . 
  it was also used in india/nepal with the gurkhas , the scottish highlands , and probably has some ancient connection to the romans and the germanic tribes . 
  the stereotype is often used to portray an oppositional force as barbaric savages who are uncivilised . 
   relatively large population and it was worth the trouble to treat with them rather than try and slaughter and oppress them . 
  the m\u0101ori population was large , but m\u0101ori were not , and are not , a singular entity . 
  m\u0101ori politics meant that many iwi ( tribes ) fought against each other , and this came into effect during the new zealand wars when many tribes remained neutral while others fought the colonial government . 
  further to that , some tribes sided with the government in different periods as it would help them gain land , wealth , political influence , or revenge for old grudges . 
  during the waikato war , the largest and most well known , m\u0101ori troops were hugely outnumbered by the british , so the argument of numbers for explaining the british signing a treaty is n't a very strong one at all . 
  if anyone has any questions about m\u0101ori or nz history , feel free to pm me or head over to / r/askhistorians !, 
  i 'm not saying they `` just spontaneously decided to be nicer '' , i 'm saying that your characterisation of m\u0101ori as `` formidable warriors '' and saying that many still are is playing into a history of stereotyping non-european peoples as violent , * especially * in the context of imperialism and colonisation . 
  in the case of new zealand , there were several factors that contributed to a different approach . 
  heavy colonisation occurred decades after australia , and centuries after india and america , and from memory new zealand was n't viewed with the same air of usefulness as those places . 
  at a time when race and levels of civilisation were guided almost entirely by the colour of someone 's skin , m\u0101ori fared better in european appraisals than aboriginal australians because they were fairer skinned ( some early english visitors to the country referred to them as `` brown skinned englishmen '' and noted their geniality ) . 
  after some m\u0101ori signed the treaty however ( remember what i said about iwi - not all of them signed ) , the situation deteriorated . 
  the english did n't think the treaty was all that important , and within twenty years they were hard at work trying to get around it . 
  this included the use of imprisonment , violence , and war to get m\u0101ori doing what they wanted . 
  but this is also one instance , and a lot of people receiving child benefit payments could be receiving bad information about the effects of vaccines , or unable to afford doctors visits as often as needed , or even think they are unable to afford the vaccinations themselves . 
  that 's why education around healthcare is so important , and why healthcare should be free . 
  stereotyping by the colonisers compared them to other indigenous peoples too . 
  that 's why m\u0101ori were deemed to be a ` saveable ' race of brown people , while aboriginals were n't . 
  anyone else notice morty 's dad was pregnant in one scene ? 
  oooh shit i ca n't wait . 
  i did n't call , accuse , or label you anything . 
  i just corrected an assertion you were making and provided you with the correct history . 
  well fuck . 
  points for unobservance/bad memory go to me . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  the white working class would revolt . 
  i love this one every time it gets linked , always excited . 
  i think it 's potentially my favourite xkcd ever . 
  reading ** the goldfinch , by donna tartt ** . 
  loving it so far . 
  i read * the secret history * last year , and that was also fantastic . 
  it 's quite hard to recommend because i do n't know what you have/haven ' t attempted before , buuut , here 's a few from different areas . 
  i 'll start off with willard price 's * adventure series * . 
  if you like animals , and nature , and adventurey stuff , this is perfect . 
  price wrote these books with the hope of enticing people to read them , and they 're a heap of fun . 
  chronologically , start with * amazon adventure * but if you just want the best , i 'd say * cannibal * or * elephant * adventure is your best bet . 
  * harry potter * , obviously , because if you get into it it pulls you in and that 's seven books you can read . 
  * kane and abel * by jeffrey archer . 
  this one is long , but he does n't write in a complicated way , and it 's easy to follow and fall into without noticing that hours have passed . 
  it 's also a really cool story with a bit of everything in it . 
  when i was sixteen i read some of matthew reilly 's books and got hooked . 
  if you like action , these books are basically action films in text . 
  he has quite a few out now , but start with * contest * for scifi , * ice station * for more conventional action , * seven ancient wonders * for an indiana jones/historical type , or * hover car racer * if you 're into sports . 
  these are really easy to read and not notice that time 's passed too . 
  i also ca n't go past * the tales of redwall * ( by brian jacques ) since you 're still a teen . 
  it 's fantasy i spose , but a different sort to harry potter . 
  there 's about twenty books so if you like it you 're sorted . 
  start with * mossflower * or * lord brocktree * - two of the earliest . 
  another author to look at is philip pullman . 
  he wrote the series * his dark materials * which is fantasy , and also wrote the sally lockhart novels which are a victorian era mystery series . 
  start with * the northern lights * for hdm and * the ruby in the smoke * for sally lockhart . 
  tolkien 's * the hobbit * is a good easy read . 
  it 's also not too long and is a nice introduction to the world of middle earth if you decide to read * the lord of the rings * later . 
  if you like mysteries and adventure type things , then * the famous five * are aimed at children , but i think are still good fun to read ( in my 20s ) . 
  also look at * the secret seven * . 
  both series are by enid blyton . 
  i 'd also suggest * the hardy boys * by franklin w dixon ( a pseudonym for a series of ghostwriters ) for mysteries . 
  easy to read , but not tiny books , and they have interesting plots . 
  last , but most definitely not least , is * biggles * by w. e. johns . 
  johns was an airforce pilot , and biggles is a character based on his experiences . 
  there 's three periods of biggles : wwi , between the wars , and wwii . 
  they 're all good fun , i 'd start with * biggles in france * or something .
