  but in the early 20th century , the african american students were often taught by white teachers , who were n't teaching black history . 
  it was a form of erasure . 
  naacp efforts in south carolina for example , focused on getting black teachers in these schools , and equalising the funding . 
  this was key in teaching african american history to the current generations . 
  adult education was hugely important too , because it worked to fix the discrepancies left behind by inequality in the public schooling systems . 
  adult education was a communal practice stretching back to the days of slavery . 
  in the 20th century , it came to be a meeting of members of the community who would work together to learn how to read and write . 
  the communal aspect meant that children learned alongside parents and grandparents , and everyone was exposed to the experiences of others in their community . 
  the biggest program of this sort was the citizenship education program which aimed to educate african american adults to a point where they could register to vote . 
  it helped to form the grassroots base of the classic civil rights movement . 
  one of these things is not like the other . 
  this is the first time i 've heard of it , and it does n't make all that much sense as a solely german narrative to me . 
  germany was a relatively small colonial power , and they were by no means unique in the practice of atrocities . 
  if the nazis were to have drawn from an emphasis on racial superiority , it would be one that was prevalent across europe , and not limited to germany . 
  the british , french , and spanish all had large colonial possessions and today their ill-treatment of indigenous populations is recognised by historians today . 
  the most well known example of the spanish would be christopher columbus , and his initial exploration of the americas with spanish forces and on behalf of the spanish crown . 
  he literally worked native populations to death in the mines , murdered entire islands of people in his quest for gold , or even just for sport . 
  the british interactions with native americans are probably the most famous example of ill-treatment in their colonial history , but i 'll focus on two other regions for a bit of variety . 
  in ireland , the british occupiers engaged in torture , murder , and genocide for over half a millenium . 
  british `` scientists '' attempted to classify the irish as a different ( and lesser ) race in the nineteenth century . 
  they employed phrenology ( measuring skulls ) to do this , just as other psuedo-scientists did in trying to prove the racial inferiority of africans . 
  the british were also guilty of what we would call human rights violations in their other colonies , but with specific reference to kenya , these continued beyond the second world war , and thus post-dated the nazis . 
  if you search google or the guardian for articles relating to british occupation of kenya and the archival record , you 'll find several pertaining to the accidental uncovering of files that were buried in british archives to hide the record of these events . 
  all these cases of colonial violence outside the usual realm of warfare were justified by a concerted belief by those in control that they had a * right to do this . 
  * the spanish were gifted the lands west of a certain point by the pope , and as such , they took the inferiority of non-christians for granted . 
  even when native americans converted to christianity , the spaniards felt no compulsion to relax their sprees , justifying the killing of new converts as a quicker way to god . 
  the british , as evidenced by their kenyan cover-ups , were far more adept at `` cleansing '' the historical record so to speak . 
  records survive from across their empire however that show feelings of superiority to colonised peoples . 
  they were nicer to some groups , of course . 
  the maori in new zealand were described as `` brown-skinned englishmen '' by some , but context also applies here : new zealand was colonised far later than other regions , and undoubtedly this influenced how maori were treated . 
  so to summarize , the theory does n't really hold weight in a national history , because a narrative emphasising racial superiority was n't unique to germany - it was a generally held belief in europe . 
  however , nazism drawing on that wider european view could work , especially from the point of view of drawing other european nations to the cause . 
  except , we know it did n't work out that way , and in fact , the major colonial powers either opposed germany ( britain , france , america to an extent ) or remained neutral ( spain ) . 
  that is not to say there were n't supporters of the nazis in those countries . 
  the vichys famously sided with the germans , and oswald mosley was a supporter of hitler , as were many in the british upper class . 
  notably , that upper class supplied the politicians who guided colonial policy in previous centuries . 
  you know part of the problem may be that things which decent people do , like care about animals and equality , are considered * too goody goody * instead of just a natural way to behave . 
  it does however , mean that it ca n't be prefaced with the word `` similarly '' in response to another comment , because they are not similar at all . 
  only one is known to have been exposed to that trauma . 
  the okc bombing quote could have been written by an nra activist , a victim , a cop , a reporter , a kid , or any number of people who were just bystanders . 
  the quote in the concentration camp is almost impossible to attribute to anyone other than a jew in the camp , and as such is far more potent . 
  it also is much more real - it is n't an attempt at a rallying call , or bravado . 
  it just * is * . 
  it 's a collection of words that reveal the horror and depth of the tragedy . 
  the okc quote is n't like that at all . 
  pride is good . 
  blind pride is not . 
  an answer that always pops up in this thread goes along the lines of `` that quote ` be yourself , because if they ca n't handle it , it 's their problem ' is complete bullshit - sometimes you need to change . '', 
  it applies perfectly here . 
  yeah , america 's done some cool shit . 
  there have been great advances made for the world . 
  but you 're choking out too , and instead of getting tired of being told you 're not doing good enough , maybe you should just put your heads down , do some work , and be better . 
  just because you 're ok , does n't mean you stop and settle . 
  is n't the american dream all about possibility ? 
  there 's no possibility when you take the first step and think `` well i 'm not at the bottom anymore , better have a seat and a rest . '', 
  weird how this metaphor kinda turned into obesity . 
  sort that out too ay . 
  i drove welly --  auckland a month back , and was stuck behind a car doing 95 in a 100 zone . 
  there were 4-5 cars who were all doing 115 before this guy pulled out in front of us from a side road . 
  10min of this went on , and we crossed a bridge near levin . 
  directly on the other side of the bridge was a passing lane , and right before the lane , was a cop . 
  that bloke saved five of us from getting tickets , and why ? 
  because he went 5 below the limit , which is still bloody fast and not interfering with travel at all . 
  i like to go quick , but it 's not that big an issue in the long run . 
  edit : on that same trip , i had multiple people pull over for me to pass , and they watched closely b/c i was able to wave them back into the lane when i considered it unsafe for me to pass . 
  terrorism is the use of terror for political means . 
  putin could arguably be called a terrorist by creating an atmosphere in russia where people are afraid to challenge . 
  america does the same thing around the world in places like afghanistan and iraq . 
  the only reason it 's not named as such is because they 're in power . 
  be realistic - america is n't the golden hero saving everyone . 
  a lot of people just see them as meddlers . 
  what 's your original source for the quote ? 
  i do n't know the ins and outs of arab identity and when the word arab came to describe that people , but i can think of two reasons for it being used : ( 1 ) there 's a possibility that you 've read a bad translation that has used ` arab ' as a simple descriptor rather than the word maimonides actually used , or ( 2 ) they were called arabs because they spoke arabic . 
  the second one makes further sense when your second point is considered : the almoravids who ruled in spain were not arab , but they were muslims , as was the successor caliphate . 
  now generally speaking , spain was n't a terrible place to live for non-muslims under the first caliphate . 
  it was quite relaxed in comparison to eastern countries under muslim rule . 
  but as you mention , he was forced to flee when the new caliphate appeared and changed the way the dhimmi were viewed in spain . 
  the laws that muslim conquerors implemented in the christian and jewish societies that they ruled were designed to safeguard the muslim control of the region by suppressing local religion . 
  note that the goal was * suppression * , not elimination . 
  christians and jews were forbidden to practice their faith in public , including the display of symbols ( crosses for example ) . 
  this meant that events such as funeral processions could n't be carried out . 
  there were also rules against repairing religious buildings , or building new ones . 
  these might n't seem like severe rules , but to a committed jew in the twelfth century they would have some effect . 
  knowing that , we can examine maimonides ' letter to yemen . 
   dear brothers , because of our many sins hashem has cast us among this nation , the arabs , who are treating us badly . 
  they pass laws designed to cause us distress and make us despised . 
  ... never has there been a nation that hated , humiliated and loathed us as much as this one . 
  his claim that they pass laws to distress and make them despised is undoubtedly true , although the reasons for passing the laws are as seen from a jewish perspective - not a muslim one . 
  his address - `` dear brothers '' - is an important factor in interpreting this letter too . 
  he is writing to jews in yemen , people on the other side of the medieval world . 
  what is his goal ? 
  i would hazard an educated guess that it is to garner sympathy , or to encourage some sort of solidarity amongst the jewish diaspora in the face of a muslim religion that controlled vast swathes of territory between the two locations ( yemen and spain ) . 
  if that was the case , then his claim that this was the worst nation the jews had lived under could be true . 
  it could equally be true that he was exaggerating to encourage that solidarity i mentioned . 
  the worse the experience , the more it tugs the heartstrings . 
  this is a fact through history , and exaggeration has been used often in letter of these kind . 
  this is partly because they were letters that would be read out loud to groups of people , and the extra flair that comes from dramatic writing appeals to listeners more than something mundane like `` we 've had an inconvenient time over here because they wo n't let us repair the synagogue or say our prayer at the door of the temple . '', 
  i did see something while reading on this about maimonides ' writings being criticised by people in spain , but i do n't know if those critics were muslim or jewish . 
  will update if i find out more . 
  tl ; dr - the accuracy would depend upon the source material and the translator .
