  i 've had countless smiles since , and had many before - that 's the one that has stuck with me . 
  i do n't remember her face anymore , but the warmth that rose in my chest has been etched in my mind . 
  i am a sovereign citizen id o not recognise your bank, 
  these people probably, 
  damn that it end-to-end looked like chicago just parted for him, 
  what ? 
  if they take it themselves , it 's a selfie ? 
  it 's tied to seeing black men as more of a threat . 
  we know that historically black men and other men of colour have been stereotyped as being more violent and savage than white men . 
  we also know that larger is perceived as more dangerous , so a stereotype of dangerous black men translates easily to big black men . 
  edit : ~ ~ this commenter has pulled some info from the study to back this up . ~ ~ i forgot to paste the link to the other commenter and now i ca n't find it . 
  basically the part of the study he quoted showed that the participants were marking black men as being able * to cause more physical harm * to the participant than the white men , which is a pretty clear indicator of black men being perceived as more of a threatening presence than white men . 
  yeah my bad , i edited again . 
  i had a link to paste and forgot to . 
  which bit ? 
  stereotypically , black men are seen as more of a physical threat than white men . 
  then there 's the misconception that black men are on average bigger and stronger than white men ( which this study addresses ) . 
  linking the two is n't that hard . 
  i thought a little more [ shannon woodward ] ( http://www.mytakeontv.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/rh_single_shannon_woodward.jpg ), 
  this really should n't matter though . 
  it 's probably even a good way to try and attract some interest and generate discussion . 
  other governments do the exact same thing , but use more boring language for it . 
  the problem is that his big unveils are either ( a ) not achievable , ( b ) stupid , or ( c ) a glaring light on his shortcomings in political nuance . 
  no it 's not , because the study asked both those questions . 
  the first asked how big they were , the second asked how much physical harm they could cause . 
  so i ca n't speak for hawaii ( edit : i can apparently !, 
  continued reading and hawaii was populated in this way too , but i think it was done after the initial mapping ) but the lapita people who populated the southern half of the pacific did it with the winds . 
  the most basic version is that the ancient voyagers would fill their boats with food and fresh water to feed the entire crew for a set amount of time . 
  then they would go sailing . 
  by sailing into the wind , they could rely on the wind to blow them home when they were halfway through their rations . 
  also , the trade winds in the south pacific blew in one direction , before reversing direction at a certain time of year . 
  so they could go with the wind , before turning around when the winds changed . 
  this was how they initially mapped the ocean , learning where the islands are . 
  once the islands were mapped , stars could be used to navigate positions between islands , and the boats could sail away from the winds , knowing there were islands where they could stop if they ran out of rations , encountered storms , or whatever other predicament they might have had . 
  by doing this fan movement out , and then being sent home by the winds and currents , they could spread out across the pacific and increase the known world so to speak , making more adventurous voyaging slightly safer . 
  in other words , ancient pasifika peoples were bloody legends . 
  yeah but the fines and seized assets from people growing illegal gardens help pay for our universal healthcare , so ... 
  i 'm not even sure how big the boats are , but they were big enough to have a crew of several people aboard , and i 'm thinking that they might have been able to catch fish as they went too ? 
  either way yeah , they probably needed a second boat for their balls . 
  it 's crazy to consider sailing into the wild ocean with no clue what 's out there . 
  hold up , whose the programmer turned paedo ? 
  um , out of curiosity , what are your snowballs made of ? 
  they 're not chocolate coated with marshmallow centre are they ? 
  and coated in coconut ? 
  aha , i was going to go buy a bag and mail them to you . 
  we have them in every supermarket , and they 're made by cadbury here !, 
  hansel and gretel but on an ocean that covers an entire hemisphere and with stars and winds , not bread crumbs . 
  is n't malaria also a recurring disease ? 
  that is , you 're never cured , just in remission , and you can have bouts of it for the rest of your life ? 
  day z mod when it was still played through arma ii . 
  logged off at the northern airfield with some really good gear . 
  was hopping servers to do barracks runs . 
  logged into about 10 ( solo ) , and was lying in the grass when some guy just ran up out of nowhere , got shot , and fell a few metres in front of me . 
  he 's instantly surrounded by 5 guys in ghillies who looted him before moving on . 
  i logged off , survived , and spent the next twenty minutes shaking . 
  i 'll raise my kids as whittlers and lumberjacks over * my dead body *, 
   as an indian of the limits on their capabilities . 
  uh , did you autocorrect from ` indication ' ? 
  they just competed for the same ball and gave it to gsw, 
  wow, 
  i can see all of that being explained away until she throws a leg over you because that 's when you just turn towards her and you 'll see it in her face . 
  i thought this was a joke referring to the airball at the start of the streamable, 
  bush did a lot of work towards aids research if i 'm remembering correctly . 
  on the other hand , he did a fuck ton of damage with the mexico city agreements that he upheld/didn ' t change . 
  he reminds me exactly of the foreign exchange kids who 'd get tricked into doing something because of the language and cultural barrier . 
  they understood well enough to know what they were being asked to do , but they did n't get the ramifications or language cues that a native speaker would have understood . 
  what exactly do you mean by `` do n't see it with other stereotypes '' ? 
  if you 're talking about the problems of caricature , that comes up in stereotypes of lots of other groups . 
  african americans are caricatured as loud , they have big lips , exaggerated sex drives , and big butts for the women/big penis for the men . 
  jews and arabs are stylised with lots of hair , and either money bags or bombs/guns/terrorist garb depending on the particular ethnicity . 
  teenage dream is a certified * banger * . 
  if you 're too tired to drive without an energy drink , you should n't be driving anyway . 
  having a red bull does n't magically solve the fact that your brain is trying to shut down to recuperate . 
  * swear jar *, 
  me , and a cute english uni student , discussing epicurean philosophy . 
  which i can now tell her is all about pleasure !, 
  we can move on to the bit about restricting pleasures another time . 
  lol, 
  lmao i wish trolls would try a bit harder, 
  how come harden can walk all the way to okc and back without bouncing the ball and not get called for a travel, 
  i tried setting up a telescope i found in the garage last week . 
  it was in a small country town , no light pollution at all , clear views of the milky way . 
  could n't see a thing through it though . 
  still do n't know what was wrong . 
  ( lens cap was off ! ), 
  bolt 's pb is 45s , he was a 400m runner before he transitioned to the shorter sprints . 
  did they really just intentionally foul the guy who is 2/17 in series free throws ahahahaha, 
  edit ; 2/19 now this is the best strategy ever, 
  i mean , yeah ? 
  his build wo n't change because he chose a different race ? 
  he 's a bright young prospect for jamaica , that 's for sure . 
  how do i kill someone with * any * weapon ? 
  nothing seems to work . 
  is there a popular fps that the gun physics are similar to ? 
  oh shit that cut to the guys with hands on chins watching the booty, 
  this is like wandering into a klan meeting and saying that it 's just a self help group , and that there 's a hundred different personalities under those pointy hoods . 
  please , they 're participating in a forum that ( blatantly ) claims feminism is a vast man hating conspiracy , so they 're at least tacitly endorsing the idea . 
   you would think, 
  that 's the problem right there, 
  he 's saying that the idea that you have to act in a certain way to be masculine is toxic .
