  they were here first , for half a millennium . 
  they have a connection to that mountain . 
  the land is theirs , and is only a public domain now because it was illegally taken by the government of the day . 
  m\u0101ori are n't being irrational or superstitious . 
  they probably do n't care if you say it 's ugly , because that 's not the sort of respect they 're referring to . 
  the mountain is only public because it 's stolen land . 
  that said , you would n't stand nude in a cemetery , or on a war memorial , because that 's disrespectful . 
  you know it 's not the dignified thing to do at those places . 
  they 're just saying the mountain is of significance to their history , and asking people to please respect that . 
  why is this so hard to understand ? 
  but it 's not a religious thing at all . 
  it 's just a mountain that holds significance to the iwi , and because of that they want people to behave in a dignified manner on it . 
  is that really too much to ask ? 
  so it 's important and/or necessary that this woman disregarded the cultural significance of mt taranaki so she could take a nude photo on the mountain ? 
  there is no cultural significance gained by a photo that will not have artistic value six months from now , let alone today . 
  i had a nosey at your post history , and you seem to be anti-science , anti-m\u0101ori , and i noticed you dismissed russian interference in the election last year , despite all parties ( including trump ) acknowledging that it happened ? 
  so with that , i 'm tapping out , because i do n't think you 'll be reasoned with . 
  citing / r/mensrights as a source is worse than wikipedia . 
  that account is n't verified , we have no way of knowing whether the author is who they say they are , or if they 've ever worked in a homeless shelter . 
  that was a lot of `` yes `` sing, 
  feinstein sounds like a god damned nursing home resident asking a visitor to explain what 's going on with the outside world . 
  how the fuck is she still in office ? 
  `` i think nk is our biggest enemy and i am trying very hard to keep up with it . '', 
  you poured a drink over your partner 's head and you 're complaining about the consequences ? 
  yeah i just looked up her bio and she 's got the background , but she definitely seemed a little out of depth there . 
  watch out lads , it 's senator 420 whooooooo , oh wait he 's not fun , he 's avoiding the real issues . 
  some how i doubt that matters . 
  ok , so , i 'm a researcher for a living . 
  i have to evaluate sources for bias on a daily basis . 
  so this is kind of like bread and butter . 
  to put it in a little clearer perspective : your link is like me looking at a story about how white people are victims of racism just as much as black people , and then finding out that the story was anonymously sourced from stormfront . 
  i think the best part of this whole chain though is that you chose to ignore the logic of me ignoring an anonymously posted unverified story and instead claimed that i was too emotional . 
  then again , you taking a comment that did n't reference men once and calling it misandrist is pretty good too . 
  [ here 's the letter . 
  ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/05/rosenstein-letter-annotated/526116/ ) as others have pointed out , he never explicitly says `` fire comey . '', 
  what he does say is this :, 
   i agree with the nearly unanimous opinions of former department officials . 
  the way the director handled the conclusion of the email investigation was wrong . 
  as a result , the fbi is unlikely to regain public and congressional trust until it has a director who understands the gravity of the mistakes and pledges never to repeat them . 
  having refused to admit his errors , the director can not be expected to implement the necessary corrective actions . 
  this is the final paragraph , and it shows that , for rosenstein at least , a public apology and acknowledgement of errors would have solved everything . 
  the next sentence suggests this was never going to happen , or would be difficult to achieve . 
  either way , that 's the closest he gets to saying comey should be ousted . 
  of course , we also know that trump tends to act on the last thing he sees or hears , so perhaps that was n't the best note to end a letter on . 
  gee mister , thanks for not punching me and just throwing your drink over me !, 
  how about he learns to control his actions and uses his words ? 
  he does n't seem to have a problem doing that on the internet . 
  i do n't know why you bothered with all of that when you could have just said you do n't care about m\u0101ori culture and you think that we 're all just new zealanders anyway . 
  it was given to the tribe and they in turn gifted it back to the public . 
  it was given freely . 
  the land was confiscated in 1865 under the suppression of rebellion act . 
  the act stated that land could be confiscated off any m\u0101ori who were actively involved or suspected of being actively involved in rebellion , or aiding or suspected of aiding those in rebellion , * without trial * . 
  the act further stated that the confiscation of land could not be appealed to any court , up to and including the supreme court , meaning that there was no way for m\u0101ori whose lands were confiscated to plead their case if they were innocent . 
  the act was passed in 1863 by a collection of politicians from auckland who were heavy investors in land speculation . 
  passing the act allowed them all to make enormous fortunes over the next decade . 
  the act itself was opposed in parliament and by newspapers because it was illegal under the treaty of waitangi which dictated that all m\u0101ori became british subjects and would have the same rights as englishmen . 
  one of these rights is due process in a court , and the protection of your land from seizure by the crown . 
  m\u0101ori got doubly screwed here , and their land was taken anyway . 
   that 's not balls . 
  that 's a man who literally sees himself as exempt from and above the law , norms , good taste , ethics , and professionalism . 
  england had people like this before they had the magna carta . 
  they called them kings . 
  no , the government passed an act of parliament which gave taranaki iwi the mountain , and in the same act , said that taranaki iwi donated it back to the country . 
  now there are two problems there : it means that taranaki m\u0101ori never got the mountain back ; and they also claimed to the waitangi tribunal that they never agreed to that , and the tribunal said that they had no evidence to suggest the agreement was ever made . 
  as i said though , the land was stolen first , and that 's what matters . 
  also , your atheism is cynical and is just religion by another name . 
  well they are consequences apparently , because they stemmed from you pouring a drink over your partner 's head . 
  normal people talk instead of doing that . 
  i suppose you want a cookie for not hitting her though . 
  they 're even odds at the moment . 
  or you can pay 3 times that and watch it on skygo !, 
  wow beauden just did n't have the speed !, 
  i 'm not religious . 
  nice try though . 
  i 'm not superstitious either . 
  i 've also never met anyone who 's ashamed to be religious , and i 've met a lot of them . 
  where do you come up with this stuff ? 
  is this that physics joke from futurama where the professor loses a horse race because they used an atomic telescope or something and that observation changed the outcome on a atomic level ? 
  maybe they give too many shits and are more concerned with your safety than recording you drunk and vomiting :'), 
  wait this is the one i was thinking of when i read * love and other drugs * . 
  and you 're right , it is fucking unsettling . 
  i enjoyed the film , but that scene really caught me out . 
  immunity deal . 
  literally , `` if you run the oversight committee the way you 're meant to , and step down at the end of your term , we will grant you immunity . '', 
  sooooo ... you 're in an abusive relationship for years , you wo n't leave , but you 'll empty a drink over her head ? 
  yeah definitely , i really enjoyed her performance . 
  the acting one that is . 
  i gathered that . 
  i have a weird relationship with this show . 
  i was sick in bed for a few days awhile back , and i watched some early iasip and a whole heap of parks & rec . 
  loved both . 
  problem was , i watched p&r and felt * good * about everything . 
  the sickness did n't feel so bad . 
  i felt cheery despite coughing up yellowy green phlegm every 5 minutes . 
  but then i watched iasip , and i laughed , and loved it just as much , but i felt really low . 
  like my sickness stood out , i felt like i was lying in my own scummy filth , everything was really dreary . 
  i feel like that show just pulled me in so well that i felt like i was living in charlie 's depressing , run-down apartment , and that combined with being sick was awful . 
  i was going to respond to this with a numbered list beginning with ( 1 ) do you really think he would n't just give trevor an antidote ? 
  but then i read 2-7 and kinda lost the will to defend him . 
  although i think the cruelty to sirius was ok , because we know that despite their hatred for each other , they managed to work together ( order of the phoenix , snape goes and contacts sirius to tell him that harry 's worried he 's been caught ; and he made the potion for lupin too and at the time he genuinely thought lupin helped a murderer ) .
