  if you 're collecting from stops , your ball levels should be similar to the other items . 
  unless he 's throwing away balls , or he 's wasting them when he goes to catch something . 
  yeah , you 're entitled to an opinion . 
  but you do n't have to be an asshole about it . 
  you 're forgetting that this game ( and series ) is n't just for die hard fans . 
  it 's not . 
  it just makes it easier for him to rationalise the unease others feel around cops so he does n't have to feel bad about not criticising police . 
  because the police are human , and they make mistakes , and they should be called out on it . 
  people might feel bad if they realise they 're giving them a free pass . 
  fair point , but i do wonder if an entire sub of angsty fans could sway the opinions of niantic . 
  i just do n't encounter enough pokemon to offset the balls i pick up unless i 'm at a lure , in which case i 'm getting more balls every 5min . 
  what part , i 'll try explain it further if you like . 
   disrespectful, 
   i mean , you ca n't even say one nice thing about bernie without someone calling you a paid shill . 
  funny , i got the exact same thing in s4p when i said that clinton was a better alternative to trump if bernie lost . 
  i 'm in a major city and have n't seen a single drowzee . 
  i 'm so jealous when i see the screenshots of cities with hundreds of drowzee . 
  op said ethnicity , not race , which is where the controversy is . 
  biological race classifications ( loosely ) were very broad categories . 
  caucasian ( white ) , negro ( black ) , mongolian ( asian ) . 
  the problem is that there are going to be differences within those groups , but a wide sweeping generalisation lumps everyone in together . 
  i 'm betting / u/boxofnothing or someone in his field could tell you the difference between ethnic groups , like a laotian and a japanese , or a ukranian and an englishman ( see even these are broad ) . 
  biological races largely ignored these ethnic differences and instead focused on those between the races , which very useful for people who wanted to create stereotypes about races . 
   johnson 's got a level head on his shoulders, 
  * wants/ed to overturn roe v. wade . 
  * wants/ed to abolish the department of education , and thinks that the government should n't offer student loans . 
  instead , free market education !, 
  * opposes/ed net neutrality . 
  * opposes/ed public funding for stem cell research . 
  * supports/ed private for profit prisons . 
  * opposes/ed taxes on cigarettes . 
  views from 2012 election . 
  dunno if he 's changed . 
  half of them are tragically at odds with sanders , and you 'd vote for this clown ? 
  a centre-left politician who has been a part of a socially progressive administration , and has pledged to carry on the work of said administration , is worse than a libertarian who wants to undo the work of fifty years of progressive politics and social activism because she might do exactly what every other president has done for the last 200 years ? 
  you 're lucky mate , hillary could start a war against syria or isis and it 'd be more justifiable than bush 's war against iraq . 
   all the scaremongering about trump , a reality tv star and new york democrat most of his life who has none of the political connections to actually do anything as president and will get cockblocked by congress at every turn , is n't going to convince people to vote for hillary , who is both intelligent and connected enough within the establishment to pay back her corporate donors with policies that screw the common man . 
  and all we hear is sjw shit about how donald trump is hitler who hates muslims/gays/blacks / women/trans/mexicans ... etc from today 's speeches . 
  * if trump gets the white house , he also has the republican party in the house . 
  * what 's wrong with `` sjw shit '' ? 
  are you stupid enough to think americans are only white ? 
  this dismissal of poc is how hillary won the delegates she did . 
  you ca n't just dismiss the fears of 40 % of the electorate . 
  political corruption is n't the `` real '' issue in america . 
  it 's an issue , but it 's nowhere near your biggest one . 
  pull your head out of your arse . 
  and how the fuck did you get gilded for such an ignorant comment ? 
   i never understood that scene or why people like it . 
   he and his generation fucked america dry and the scene is all about him taking it out on children . 
  first of all , not him personally . 
  sorkin 's situating will as one of that generation who is disillusioned with the way his fellow boomers have shaped america . 
  he hates the jingoistic atmosphere that has pervaded american society through several wars , financial crises , and the general decline of the nation . 
  the ship is sinking and the crew are singing about how great it is . 
  which brings me to the second point which is that that girl asks a question that represents everything wrong with the boomer generation . 
  they fucked up a nation , you could even say the world , and then they raised their kids to believe the song they sung : `` america is the greatest nation on earth ! '', 
  but disillusioned will is sick of this mantra that boomers sing , and now he 's hearing it from their kids , who are the ones suffering , so he loses his shit . 
  he 's not angry at her , he 's angry at the ones who came before , and angry at what they created in their children . 
  by crusaders standards , he 's a choke artist . 
  however , his two close finals losses were due to a dodgy referee call in one case , and a round the world marathon of rugby in the other ( the year of the quake when they did n't play at home once ) . 
  not necessarily . 
  i 'd argue that choking can occur when you 're the favourite , or when you 're not living up to a set standard . 
  prior to blackadder , the crusaders had a threepeat ( 98 , 99 , 00 ) , and four more championships in 02 , 05 , 06 , and 08 . 
  they were runners up in 03 and 04 , and third in 07 . 
  in thirteen seasons from 96 , they missed only 4 grand finals . 
  the crusaders were the premier team of the competition for 11 years , so for them to suddenly have an eight year drought where they only reached the final twice ( and lost ) would have to be considered choking of a sort . 
  there was a theory that the egg needs to travel at 20km/h to hatch , but this is only partially correct . 
  the egg will record full distance travelled at this speed or less , but it wo n't ignore distance travelled at higher speeds , e.g. 
  while travelling by car , rail , or bus . 
  i drive a lot and have hatched several eggs a day while doing so , and that was going the speed limit - 60km/h . 
  it takes slightly longer . 
  i 'll mark my odometer distances next time i go out and record how long eggs take . 
  unlimited pokeball supply , but they all curve . 
  i 'm 22 and have n't noticed a difference . 
  throw maybe 2-3 balls and i catch it . 
  i use a razz on every pokemon , and catch a lot of 500 cps first time . 
  i caught ~ 105 today , and had less than 10 run away . 
  in my journal , there are 25 caught , 2 ran away . 
  four x 450 + were caught , other 21 ranged between 80 and 300 . 
  one 280 and one 78 ran away . 
  the only difference i 've noticed is that the ball spinning away has become quite inconsistent . 
  it used to happen automatically after giving a razz to the pokemon , but now it hardly ever happens . 
  you want to hatch as many eggs as possible to get the candies . 
  the faster you hatch eggs , the more eggs you make room for . 
  so , put all your 2km eggs into incubators . 
  walk around , hatch 'em . 
  put more 2kms in . 
  repeat this until all 2kms are gone . 
  then you do your 5kms . 
  then you do your 10kms . 
  if you hit a pokestop and get a 2km , do that one before you do your next 5km . 
  the goal is to have a constant turnover of eggs , because the more eggs you hatch , the more spaces you have for new eggs , and the more chances you have of hatching a starter pokemon , or a rarer pokemon . 
  i hatched a machop today . 
  big deal right ? 
  huge deal . 
  it was near max cp , and it came with 13 candies . 
  i ca n't find machop in my area - i 've seen 3 . 
  that 's 12 candies . 
  i need 125 to evolve up to machamp . 
  the egg gave me 10 % of the goal . 
  so hatch your eggs .
