  killing someone because they have an untreated mental illness is a fucking horrible plan of self defence . 
  of course i do n't disagree with defending yourself . 
  i just do n't know why you seem to think that the only way to defend yourself ** is to take a human life ** . 
  probably receiving . 
  i like getting stuff . 
  i do like giving stuff too , and that thrill of finding something that is perfect for someone is amazing . 
  buuut , there 's something incredible about getting given a gift , opening it , and realising that this person found you something you would never buy yourself in a hundred years - but you love it . 
  medically ? 
  i ca n't say for sure , but i guess so . 
  as a lay person ? 
  only if you 're inserting progressively larger items . 
  what 's up with you ( and other people ) using commas between decimals ? 
  is it a different keyboard setup ? 
  an actual practice ? 
  ahhh . 
  i only had the 1 credit so i went with basic option . 
  thanks !, 
  hope your santa ships something great !, 
  looks amazing , but what 's the bracketed number on the xp figures ? 
  a lot of doctors need chaperones regardless of their gender , this is n't sexism . 
  this is what feminists mean when they talk about men needing feminism too . 
  but hurr durr evil bra burners , right ? 
  can you show the slightest bit of evidence for this ? 
   there 's just majority privilege . 
  it does n't matter what the skin color is . 
  this is a contradiction . 
  of course it matters . 
  in america , the majority is white . 
  in america , the minority has faced struggles for centuries because of the actions of the majority . 
  white privilege means a person can go to a job interview , and simply because they 're white , they have a better chance than the puerto rican who walks in next . 
  people do n't seem to get that you can have the privilege of being white , and the setbacks of being poor , or uneducated . 
  white privilege does n't mean you 're bill gates , it just means you 're white and you have benefits associated with that . 
  how the fuck can you argue with that ? 
   the middle east ? 
  try moving there as a white/black american . 
  `` american '' is n't a race , so this is more reflective of the fact that the middle east is a conflicted area where americans have been involved in much of the conflict , with negative feelings arising . 
  that makes sense . 
  the middle east has historically been treated like shit by the west , so why would n't they feel ill will towards us ? 
  our ancestors divvied up their nations along the lines of colonial ambition , splitting communities and lumping enemies into the same nations . 
  how was that supposed to work out ? 
  they did it in africa too . 
  do n't even get me started on south africa when you have white south africans emigrating around the globe with some of them bringing their hugely racist baggage . 
  guess what ? 
  when a population rebels against apartheid , you do n't get to complain about how you 're treated . 
  you should have complained about how they were treated when the problems began . 
  but to come back to the original point , and your enormously stupid proposition that white privilege does n't exist :, 
   you have to think outside of your own cultural context . 
  no you fucking do n't . 
  people do n't talk about white privilege occurring in some small village in china , they talk about it in white majority countries . 
  and if the occasional white privilege in china does pop up , it 's in reference to a tourist who did n't respect the culture . 
  guess what ? 
  fair fucking call . 
  because white people never complain about foreign tourists in their countries . 
  why the fuck is it so hard to admit that maybe your skin colour gets you a benefit or two ? 
  mine 's got me a pile so far . 
   people do n't seem to get that you can have the privilege of being white , and the setbacks of being poor , or uneducated . 
  did you even read it ? 
  i did you the courtesy of reading your post before responding . 
  being white is a benefit . 
  you also being poor , or abused by your parents , or uneducated , or beaten up by local black kids , does not negate the fact that you are white and that makes things inherently easier for you . 
  no , being white does not wipe the slate clean , and magically give you the world , but it fucking helps . 
  a poor white kid is n't as likely to go to jail as a poor black kid . 
  a white kid pulled over with weed is less likely to go to prison than a black kid with weed . 
  white men are less likely to be victimised by police . 
  white men do n't get racially profiled as terrorists , thugs , or illegal immigrants . 
  but sure , being white nets you no gains whatsoever . 
   to saddle me with white guilt ? 
   to make me admit that my life was n't so bad because at least i had the blessing of being white ? 
  holy fuck read the fucking post, 
  i never mentioned white guilt , i never said black people were innocent of racism , and i specifically said that being white does n't negate your experience . 
  i just said that being white gives you a chance that non-white people do n't have . 
  is that so hard to admit ? 
  god damn dude , i did n't blame you for anything . 
  i just said you being white makes life easier . 
  you 're really taking this hard are n't ya, 
  oh god i drank two bottles full today , am i broken now ? 
   do they even play the game, 
  probably do n't have time because they spend all day fixing idiotic problems reddit has with the game . 
  q : have you posted this on the bug reporting forum/threads or do you just keep making new threads in the sub ? 
  pretty sure that 's normal . 
  the weirdos are the ones who squeeze from the middle then toss the tube when they ca n't get anymore out despite having half the amount you paid for sitting in the bottom . 
  nah i think you 're spot on . 
  the problem that i see for sean is that he 's agreed with the players of the other teams to go for a collective negotiation using scott as their representative . 
  in effect , they unionised . 
  the problem then becomes regi taking to him on the side , when he said he wants to go through scott , and regi saying `` can you please retract these statements and say we 're still a nice organisation , oh , and tell the other players to say that too ! '', 
  which is a pretty dodgy message to receive when you 're working as a collective . 
  if sean had come out and said what regi wanted him to , the collective negotiation loses its strength with the other owners because this team is suddenly happy and toeing the team line again . 
  besides , it seemed like they had a good reason to organise if they were being forced to quit comps ? 
  you know how people get overly attached to video game characters ? 
  tracer is the manic pixie dream girl and now she wo n't have sex with them, 
  it 's the end of the world for some people, 
  this is a fair point , but as a counter argument , i offer rust . 
  i paid $ 20 for it , and i got 450 + hours out of it according to steam . 
  it was a hell of a lot of fun , and i honestly enjoyed it ( it was n't hate playing like some games ) . 
  rust was an alpha when i bought it . 
  they eventually updated it to a beta/full game , and i 've played it once or twice since with no interest because it 's just not the same anymore , and it 's not fun . 
  so the amazing experience of rust as an alpha would be lost if valve was only allowed to release games classified as ` full ' . 
  maybe the solution is to allow alpha releases for free and then devs can work to release a full game for a price and hook players early . 
  at which point people will complain about the game changing too much , and desire a refund still . 
  that 's another one for `` what 's a drastically different sentence for rich and poor people to say ? '',
