  ah sweet , i did n't make it that far down st leonard 's last time i was there - tide came in . 
   i legitimately do n't enjoy the taste, 
  i have never met another person like this !, 
  hey !, 
  i 've found over time i can enjoy some for like two sips , then i 'm like `` nah , give me a water '' . 
  it 's all i can ever manage . 
  this happened to me when i was 14 . 
  at an all boys high school . 
  walking between classes . 
  when someone noticed my mum 's black lace underwear hanging down past my knee . 
   this for me , was some time ago and i understood soon after that i handled the situation poorly, 
  i do n't know if someone told you this in the comments to make you edit that in , but i do n't think you handled this badly at all . 
  it sounds like you gave him the benefit of the doubt and tried not to be rude , which is perfectly normal for a 15yo to do . 
  do n't be hard on yourself . 
  where 's this sort of outrage when women get raped or assaulted and it 's explained as boys being boys, 
  ( not accusing you of not being outraged at that too , but this has 1100 upvotes , which i ca n't imagine on other cases ), 
  the media does . 
  and people comment on it saying `` wtf , this is n't real news . 
  why are you giving us this clickbait . '', 
  aside from the pettiness of the move which is bad enough on its own , this is destabilising families and political relationships with allies which america desperately needs . 
  it 's amazing that he would just turf these people out of their homes and jobs without having a pool of replacements sitting there good to go . 
  you 're denying that fetishisation of asian woman is a thing ? 
  i 'm not upset that this is generating outrage - it should . 
  i 'm upset that this generates outrage , and other events do n't . 
  which makes me wonder what the difference is ? 
  is it his mental illness ? 
  is it his being white ? 
  is it the perpetrators being black ? 
  i 'm just wondering about the hypocrisy of reddit and the people it chooses to see as victims . 
   in the past , administrations of both parties have often granted extensions on a case-by-case basis to allow a handful of ambassadors , particularly those with school-age children , to remain in place for weeks or months . 
  they knew it was a possibility , but according to this , they would usually have been afforded the chance to apply for a temporary stay of execution as it were , so that they could settle their affairs . 
  and honestly , i do n't care if there 's always been the chance that they could be kicked out instantly . 
  these are people who have not only served their country , but have done so with their families in tow meaning that this move does n't just say push them out of the job , but disrupts their everyday lives and routines - no small issue when children are to be considered . 
  how the hell is he meant to have burned himself on those ? 
  they 're way above the bridge !, 
  is n't it also relevant then that he and his partner had been harassed by someone ? 
  there 's no evidence that he got drunk and fell off a bridge onto powerlines causing burns across his face and chest and severely injuring himself . 
  but you seem to be pushing that . 
  probably means that it should be taught in a way that shows how historical events affected people and society . 
  i think it 's more of a ` being forced to learn ' mindset that school gives to things . 
  once you get to university , pretty much everything you learn is interested because ( 1 ) you want to be there , ( 2 ) you 're picking it . 
  at high school you get * told * that you 're learning whatever it is that 's being taught . 
  no ifs or buts . 
  the republicans shut down the government did n't they ? 
  somehow i doubt the democrats will get away with it as cleanly . 
  i 'd put the blame on people who actively voted trump before those who did n't vote tbh . 
  but also people who decided to exercise an objection by voting against clinton rather than for trump . 
  tweeting 's easy , but there was a political campaign dude in here a month or so back who said a call will always get heard because you can leave voicemails that people have to listen to . 
  i 'm pushing for balance . 
  he ca n't go and say that it 's relevant the guy was dancing on a roof a month ago without pointing out that the same man was being threatened by a group of people . 
  i have no vested interest in this , i do n't know either of the two men . 
  the police did n't say they do n't believe it , the article i saw actually said they were investigating the possibilities of foul play . 
   i pointed out that also some asian women fetishise white men , so it does go both ways, 
  you also pointed out that you live in australia elsewhere in the thread , which means that there is a white majority and that in terms of numbers , asian women are more likely to partner up with white men . 
  that 's not fetishisation , that 's just numbers . 
  asian women on the other hand are overwhelmingly fetishised by white men , who assume that those women see them as some special type of man . 
  that 's what / u/bellalama was trying to say : it 's creepy as fuck , and the exact reason the asian women they knows avoid white men . 
  bellalama is n't race obsessed , they 're pointing out a fact that has been observed by many asian women and others around the world . 
  apparently joanne cusack ( top row , right ) changed her name for hollywood !, 
  and was a lot younger in ' 85 !, 
  i 'm not white knighting anyone . 
  all i 've done is try to point out the argument bellalama was making and show that it was n't race obsession . 
   he said they were looking at all possibilities , including that the man had been chased prior to falling off the bridge . 
   `` the investigation of a third party being involved is still being investigated , '' he said . 
  from the gladstone observer article you linked before . 
  she had n't at the time i posted that . 
  i did n't disingenuously do anything , i had the date wrong . 
  i made a mistake , but i did n't try to twist a narrative . 
  and newsflash : there 's no fucking evidence of anything . 
  he was found at the bottom of a bridge . 
  his husband says he was being harassed . 
  the cops say he was arrested for being on top of a building on boxing day , and his husband says he was chased up there . 
  literally everything in this thread is speculation , and i tried to balance it by pointing out the bias of dismissing everything his husband says , so fuck off with your bullshit `` disingenuously saying this '' and `` you have an agenda '' . 
  some of us just like to see a story told fairly rather than instantly jumping into a mob to attack the fucking victim . 
  i played as a carry naga before 7.00 with the aghs , and it was beautiful . 
  balls deep in the enemy base , sing , everyone gets a whole heap of hp back . 
  it basically resets the fight for one team . 
  why ? 
  there 're a lot of people who seem to have voted trump not thinking about the consequences . 
  they 're losing their healthcare now . 
  they 're losing their social security . 
  those people should be blamed too . 
  comment removed b/c it was a reply to the wrong comment . 
  no i did not black out while reading the article . 
  it 's minor in the scheme of things to you . 
  to these people , it 's the biggest problem they face this year . 
  they are going to be denied the traditional grace period they have . 
  i 'm not talking about the 100s of ambassadors , i 'm talking about the handful . 
  it is a big deal . 
  each of them matters . 
  and overall , it 's not harmless . 
  because it means that some of america 's most important allies that lie between them and russia will now be without american diplomatic representation for months . 
  this is n't a fucking joke , it 's a serious problem of foreign policy . 
  i never said you were australian . 
  stop replying to messages from your inbox and start clicking for context . 
  i 'm not missing any point . 
  you 're missing several . 
  shit , no , i think i replied to you instead of the guy above you . 
  my bad . 
  oh you 're one of those .
