  we put a guy on our fiver for climbing that high , bloody hell !, 
  ( 2 is a prime too ! ), 
  not trying to troll or anything with this , just wanted genuine opinions on what people ( especially english fans ) think about it . 
  is this england getting a bit ahead of themselves ? 
  are they setting themselves up for disappointment ? 
  or is this a fair appraisal of the rugby situation after eddie jones took the reins ? 
  nah i do n't have a problem with what jones said , i think it 's a smart approach . 
  i was thinking more of english journos getting pumped up after two tests in the south against australia of all teams . 
  my meaning is that australia have only just come together as a team while england 's been playing since the 6n began . 
  but at the world cup , england got talked up and wales got talked up and australia were the whipping boys - despite having won the rugby championship . 
  it just seemed a little incongruous to me . 
  appreciate your points though !, 
  the original refers to the ` first ' thing obviously , first life , first organisms . 
  queer just means different , so it 's thought of as something other than the original . 
  a blue alligator could have been the first one for example , and a pink one would be queer because it 's different - but both still have dna . 
  essentially it 's saying that the answer lies in both the original and the different . 
  i 'm happy with that excuse because i do n't think `` they 've just had a long season '' is an excuse at all - it 's a benefit . 
  it 's iffy , but not a definite no , just feels weird . 
  i 'd probably get labelled as pc or over sensitive by a lot of people here . 
  i guess it 's not really dissimilar to getting a tattoo of chinese characters , but at least you 've done your research and no what you 're getting . 
  it 's just a word , so you 're probably alright with it . 
  just heed the other warnings and do n't do it somewhere rude ? 
  the first amendment does n't give you carte blanche to say what you want - there are caveats . 
  the simplest way to remember it ? 
  you may say anything you like , without infringing upon the rights of others . 
  the key one of these is the right to feel safe and be free from persecution . 
  trump incites hatred , he inspires it against different religions , ethnic groups , and genders . 
  he is abusing his right to free speech , and in doing so , he is creating an environment for other people that is not safe . 
  wanting to silence him is a valid desire . 
  painting a sign on his star to symbolise your desire ? 
  also valid . 
  it 's free speech - that does n't infringe upon his rights . 
  so how do you justify his hate speech against women , muslims , and mexicans ? 
  [ well here 's him being a misogynist . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/18-real-things-donald-trump-has-said-about-women_us_55d356a8e4b07addcb442023 ), 
  that 's a big list so i 'll just grab a nice juicy one . 
  this tweet about hillary , `` if hillary clinton ca n't satisfy her husband what makes her think she can satisfy america ? '', 
  that 's kinda funny right . 
  i laughed for a second . 
  it 's the sort of thing you say while you 're hanging out with a few friends , having a beer . 
  but it 's not what you say in a professional setting . 
  it 's saying that hillary is n't fit to be president because * she 's a woman , and because she 's a lousy woman * at that . 
  now if he had made smart jokes about deleted emails or something , that 'd be great . 
  but there is no reason to attack her gender . 
  that 's just sexist ( and hate speech , yay we did it ! ), 
  so no , i 'm not trying to convince myself that i 'm on the moral high ground by hating him ( i do n't really need to , he ran down the hill as fast as he could ) , because i do n't even hate him . 
  he actually seems like he could be a fun guy to hang out with . 
  definitely interesting . 
  quite smart too . 
  but some of the things he says are indefensible . 
  i mean , for fuck 's sake , the idiot said that the mexican government helps smuggles rapists and murderers into america so that they 're out of mexico . 
  it does n't need to mention her gender , it 's implied . 
  what sort of satisfaction do you think trump is referencing ? 
  obviously it 's sexual , because it 's a joke about monica lewinsky blowing bill clinton . 
  so , hillary clinton can not sexually satisfy bill clinton . 
  this means either hillary clinton is an inadequate woman , or bill clinton is attracted to another type of woman . 
  but the tweet mentions hillary , not bill , so we know it 's about her . 
  therefore it 's about hillary being an inadequate woman in her relationship with bill . 
  but let 's play your game and flip it . 
   if bill clinton ca n't satisfy his wife what makes him think he can satisfy america ? 
  this time we 're saying that bill clinton is an inadequate man , and is unable to satisfy hillary . 
  again , because the partner is only referred to as husband/wife , the focus is on the named party , in this case , bill . 
  so if the gender was flipped , trump would be joking about bill being a lesser man . 
  this is n't reaching , this is just basic reading comprehension . 
  i honestly do n't know how you ca n't see that . 
  the infidelity is n't the main reference though . 
  the joke is that ** she ca n't satisfy bill sexually ** , i.e. 
  sex with hillary is substandard . 
  this all revolves around her as a woman . 
  well you do now !, 
  even just in the uk - gordon brown , tony blair , margaret thatcher , and anthony eden . 
  only four in the last hundred years i believe . 
  but he 'd still have lost 11 holes to mj so on balance he 'd owe mj 4 holes , meaning mj would n't be obliged to pay anyway ? 
  political rights . 
  the rich use them to further their own means . 
  the poor use them to further their own means in ways the rich tell them will work . 
  does n't suck , but i definitely like the old one where you 'd have one lone player inching forward twice as fast as the rest . 
  valid criticism though . 
  because fekitoa/crotty got shown up big time by davies/roberts and we do n't have an answer to that . 
  every position except 12/13 is strong for us , and hansen is trying out combinations to find a pairing that works there - we do n't have sbw back until after the olympics remember , so we do need to find an able pair in the meantime . 
  not a clue . 
  i think barrett is a 12 ? 
  and ben is a 13 ? 
  60 min is up !, 
  time to play properly !, 
  oh , has dagg gone off ? 
  was it just me , or did marshall 's analysis of how sam cane read that play actually make a lot of sense ? 
  ... you know it 's a completely different stadium , in an entirely different part of dunedin ? 
  because what you 're doing is as stupid as building a new stadium on the auckland waterfront and calling it eden park . 
  you aussies complain about your anthem all the time , but honestly , it 's not that bad at all . 
  half the aussie team just pissed themselves because pocock 's giving free advertising to that biltong company, 
  england 's just shown they do n't want long term consistency anymore . 
  i 've missed like half this game , but everytime i tab in there 's a bunch of points being scored !, 
  so good !, 
  he really is . 
  he 's just so much fun to watch , even when he 's destroying your own team in the ruck . 
  how come he joined it in august , but the other 15 people did it by may ? 
  in fact , about 12 of them did it within a week of it being started . 
  misleading ` article ' ( blogpost ? ), 
  to be honest .
