  ** that is the only thing i am addressing . 
  ** i am not addressing the amount of press he got . 
  i am not addressing the amount of press trump got . 
  i do not care about that . 
  i care about pointing out a flawed narrative that has split the left , and has been pushed by trump supporters . 
  russia is n't a superpower . 
  china is the closest thing to a superpower . 
  only one candidate said things about china . 
  thanks for answering , appreciate the time you took to do it . 
  on funding : i do n't care what blm activists say , they 're trying to stimulate conversation in whatever way they can . 
  ignore them , they 're not trying to write policy . 
  but the federal government could provide funding for this , or state government could , or a combination of the two . 
  i do n't know why you have treated in quotemarks , but if an officer is diagnosed with ptsd , they get counselling . 
  if an officer is n't fit for service , a shrink is going to figure that out fast and could make a recommendation to stand down for a period . 
  they could also suggest that the officer continue seeing them , while continuing to work . 
  what i 'm saying is that there are ways to treat an officer without taking them off the road , and to keep people safer while making the department safer too . 
  and if that officer kills someone a year later , but finished treatment 9 months beforehand , then a medical note saying `` blah blah finished treatment in february and was cleared for duty with a full bill of mental health . '', 
  i think the biggest problem in police forces is the perception that people cover for other people . 
  i get the idea of a tight knit unit where you need to trust those around you . 
  but the public also needs to trust you . 
  this could be one way to do that . 
  say that officers will get therapy when needed , and that bad cops will get tossed out . 
  because when i , or anyone else , reads an article in a newspaper about an officer with a record of grievances against them shooting someone , but nothng was ever done about it , i kinda wonder who 's being protected and served . 
  b-b-b-but i thought trump was * outside * the establishment !!, 
  it 's progress for the ideological right . 
  that makes no sense at all . 
  bernie sanders has a cumulative thirty three years experience as a politician . 
  he was described as outside the establishment . 
  clearly holding public office is not a sign of establishment politics . 
  nah , drain it , excavate it a little further , bury some more skeletons , then fill it up again . 
  sorry , i was n't criticising you personally , but i think ` anti-establishment ' has become a bit of a polluted term this electoral cycle , and people need to figure out what they mean by it . 
  because i understand what people mean when they say sanders is anti-establishment , and i understand what people mean when they say trump is , but they 're two completely different definitions . 
  i mean hillary could be anti-establishment just because she 's a woman who won the overall popular vote without getting a majority among white voters . 
  boy , have i got news for you, 
  he has the executive , he has the legislature , and he has the judiciary . 
  he said he 'd do this , so why would n't he ? 
  what 's really fantastic is that she 's a kindergarten teacher , so there should be a good few children who turn out ok in the next few years . 
  obama getting elected would anger them because they 'd feel betrayed by their country . 
  `` fuck , murrrrrica is white , why people voting for him ? '', 
  trump getting elected justifies their beliefs . 
  `` yeah he hates muslims & mexicans too !, 
  if he does , i can ! '', 
  it 's like driving past a cop car on the highway . 
  he does 60 , you do 59 . 
  he does 65 , you do 64 . 
  authority figures are guides . 
  how was i wrong about him before ? 
  the sad thing is , he got elected by people in small towns who see that the jobs are disappearing ( or have gone already ) . 
  but a little town of 2,000 people is n't going to magically get a factory built to rehire all the people who lost their jobs at the old factory 10 years ago . 
  i do n't know how they think he 'll help them . 
  bernie would have made a fantastic president ( although who knows how badly he 'd be obstructed by republicans ) . 
  however , i do n't think his campaign would have gone much better than hillary 's . 
  bernie 's a socialist , and in america , that 's almost a death sentence to a political career . 
  mccarthyism was only sixty years ago , and communist fears are still there . 
  trump would have targeted that . 
  also , he 's jewish . 
  trump went on and on about big banks and that 's classic anti-semitism . 
  i 'm from a country that is practically a welfare state , and america is just so far to the right i do n't see how bernie could have won . 
  you know how people die while rock climbing right ? 
  they go to a handhold that leads nowhere , and they ca n't get back . 
  that 's the sort of handhold he is . 
  this is really important . 
  trump became the president-elect on tuesday night . 
  as soon as that happened , he started getting briefings from the intelligence community on national security . 
  the * exact same briefings that obama gets every day * . 
  trump 's suddenly seen that russia is a credible threat , that isis is a band of hooligans in a desert , and that china is not the friendly local store where you buy steel . 
  whether it sinks in is another matter , but i would hope that this is somewhat of a demeanour changer . 
  sri lanka did it in 1960 . 
  just because one woman does it somewhere , does n't mean equality is achieved everywhere . 
  but there are a lot of people saying bernie 2020 . 
  clinton is ** nothing ** like thatcher . 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say here . 
  that america does n't need a female president , because england had a pm thirty years ago ? 
  [ here 's a map of female heads of government ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2d/countries_with_female_heads_of_state_and_government.svg ) around the world . 
  it 's exceptionally remarkable . 
  america has had 44 presidents . 
  44 men . 
  43 have been protestants . 
  43 were white . 
  43 were known to be straight . 
  for the melting pot of the world , america 's lacking diversity in the highest office . 
  the most sexist campaign of all time finished literally four days ago , and you 're saying that there are no doubts ? 
  i did n't say that 's why she lost , i said it was a sexist campaign . 
  she was attacked for being a woman for a year , and you seem to think it 's ok . 
  oh and by the way , she did n't lose because she 's a bad candidate , she lost because voters did n't turn out for her . 
  wait , correction . 
  * white * voters did n't turn out . 
  she won with all poc categories . 
  he does n't fucking know what his vp does . 
  you might not be a muslim hater , or a racist , or a misogynist , but you gave your vote to a man who is all of those things . 
  this means you have either endorsed those traits with your political voice , or attempted to ignore the ugly flaws of your candidate . 
  neither is admirable . 
   she is pro-choice . 
  is this a religious belief ? 
  if so , why do you think that the government should be able to apply religion to other people ? 
  it also kicked in if laws were deemed unfair to sales did n't it ? 
  like if a government forced plain packaging for all cigarettes , the company could sue because that 's a measure to lower sales . 
  or because reddit is n't just americans , but people outside of america who really do n't want the tppa . 
  [ james buchanan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/james_buchanan ) , fondly known among his friends as jimmy ` the plug ' buchanan ( i 'm joking about the nickname ) . 
  he was a lifelong bachelor and had a close relationship with the vp of the previous administration .
