  the conservative/centre right party in my country is probably a shade more to the left than the democrats , which makes our left party a whole lot further left . 
  it 's interesting how the baseline for the political spectrum shifts from country to country . 
   rosie odonnell came out as gay, 
  rosie o'donnell is gay ? 
  she 's been married twice too , somehow i missed all of this !, 
  hey guys , it 's the kiwi who knows nothing again . 
  how come some foul balls seem to be strikes and some are just re-pitches ? 
  edit : thanks guys !, 
  the no-outs-on-fouls law is very pragmatic and sensible , i like this game more every day . 
  after seeing that grand slam , i now understand the appeal of baseball . 
  tempted to ditch my tradition of supporting new england sports teams and pick up the cubs . 
  i kid , i kid , i will never ditch boston . 
  this is the first baseball game i 've ever watched more than 5 minutes of !, 
  i 'm in new zealand and timing can be quite weird for us sports , so when i chose the celtics as a team , i grabbed the rest of boston 's teams and keep up where i can . 
  also mlb/nba/nhl all have games so often , like wtf . 
  sport saturation . 
  i chose the celtics first actually , then decided i 'd take that region for all sports . 
  pats was a coincidence !, 
  the cleveland player in the bunker looks like ted mosby lol, 
  that 's why i said independents switch back to stein/johnson - i 'd say stein is substantially to the left of the democrats on quite a few issues , even if she 's so far as to end up in loony ville . 
  a lot of one way streets are one way parking too . 
  suggests that maybe the driver was going the wrong way down a one way too . 
  ok , just watched it , that was fantastic . 
  in return , [ here 's new zealand vs south africa ] ( https://youtu.be/v0ra7vepnuu?t=1m59s ) in the cricket world cup semi-final last year . 
  the game was shortened from 50 overs ( 1 over = 6 balls ) , to 43 due to rain , and new zealand only had 8 balls left to score 18 runs . 
  on the final ball ... well you 'll see !, 
  maybe the story is that they do n't want to talk to people who have dicked them over for 200 years ? 
  donald trump is a certified lunatic , and most of his own party do n't like him . 
  why would you be surprised that most of the media would reflect that ? 
  turns out they actually did some ok stuff . 
  they took down mccarthy , and some of the journos involved won pulitzers for their investigative reporting on america 's ( bad ) foreign policy . 
  what 's that you say, 
  cricket ? 
  there are fuck all instances of men being falsely accused of rape , even less of them being convicted or going to trial . 
  lmao , this got downvoted immediately * right * after a discussion about rape culture above . 
  hello , it 's new to baseball guy again . 
  this game is ( mildly ) exciting lol . 
  my first one was game 4 , this has been a hectic week and this is the best of them, 
  yeah , was fucking fantastic , will be watching next season for sure !, 
  have that god damned go cubs go song in my head too !, 
  is your flair a cleveland one that got altered by the mods ? 
  i presume you know the basic rules of the game . 
  if not , check the wikipedia page for it !, 
  otherwise , take a deep breath , and we 'll dive in . 
  the rugby world cup ( rwc ) is the pinnacle of the sport . 
  it every four years , like football , and will next be contested in 2019 . 
  you have just under three years to prepare yourself for it . 
  * the rwc is pretty standard . 
  it 's national teams participating in pool play , followed by qfs , sfs , and final . 
  * it 's been won 3 times by nz ( 1987 , 2011 , 2015 ) , 2 times by each of south africa ( 1995 , 2007 ) and australia ( 1991 , 1999 ) , and 1 time by england ( 2003 ) . 
  in between rwcs , these teams play in one of several international competitions . 
  the premier competitions are the rugby championship ( rc ) and the six nations ( 6n ) . 
  these run in rwc years , but the rc is a truncated form . 
  * the rc is contested in the southern hemisphere , and is widely considered by southern hemisphere fans to be the best competition in the world . 
  it contains the national teams of new zealand ( the all blacks ) , australia ( the wallabies ) , south africa ( the springboks ) , and argentina ( los pumas ) . 
  * the 6n is contested in the northern hemisphere , and is widely considered by northern hemisphere fans to be the best competition in the world . 
  it contains the national teams of england , scotland , ireland , wales , france , and italy . 
  it 's an old as fuck competition . 
  * these are the ` tier 1 ' teams , and the others play in competitions between each other . 
  one of the problems with rugby is that not many countries play it at a high level , so competitions can be quite lopsided . 
  an example of this is the asian rugby championship which has been won 23/28 times by japan who until last year were the whipping boys of world rugby . 
  the best team in the world is the new zealand all blacks . 
  they 're on a streak of 18 undefeated games at the moment , a record ( for a tier 1 nation ) they set two weeks ago . 
  they 're now chasing the absolute record of 24 undefeated tests , set by ~ ~ crete ~ ~ cyprus , who are worse than japan . 
  the next best team is probably england , who thrashed australia in june . 
  that said , after new zealand , the top countries in the world ( they 're the ones in the rc and 6n ) are all [ pretty close in skill , despite the differences shown in this world ranking chart . 
  ] ( http://www.worldrugby.org/rankings/mru ), 
  in terms of players , i 'm sure other people will respond with their suggestions of who to watch . 
  i 'd suggest you begin your initiation by watching some games ( duh ) . 
  you 're in luck , in that this weekend is a big week of rugby . 
  if you go to the main page of the sub , there 's a stickied thread with all the games on it . 
  the all blacks are playing ireland in chicago , which will be a good game . 
  in 2-3 weeks they play again in dublin , which will be a far better game ( ireland is missing some players i believe ) . 
  nz m\u0101ori is also playing america ( if you want to make money , bet on nz m\u0101ori ) , australia is playing wales ( watch this one , wales are a fantastic side to watch ) , argentina is playing japan ( watch this too , both teams play great styles of rugby ) , and south africa is playing the barbarians ( skip this , barbarian teams never get the adequate time together to provide proper competition ) . 
  club competitions are fun too . 
  i do n't know enough about the north , but in the south we have the super rugby competition ( sometimes called the super 12 , 14 , 15 , 16 , 36 , or whatever else because they keep adding teams ) . 
  it 's far less competitive than it was because of diluted player pools among so many teams , but it 's excellent fun to watch since it 's quite fast paced . 
  * there are 18 teams , made up of 5 nz teams , 5 australian , 6 south african , 1 argentinian , and 1 japanese . 
  * starts in february/march . 
  runs through a round robin until june , where it takes a break for international tours , then restarts for a few more weeks before a finals series . 
  * current champions are the hurricanes from new zealand . 
  last year 's champions were the highlanders , the greatest rugby team in the history of club rugby . 
  below the super rugby competition are the provincial competitions . 
  * in south africa this is the currie cup , which is made up of 9 teams . 
  * in new zealand it 's the national provincial championship ( npc ) / mitre 10 cup/itm cup . 
  this has two divisions of 7 teams each which do n't really matter because they all play each other anyway , and the wiki page does n't even divide them . 
  both these domestic competitions have ended in the last few weeks , but i 've mentioned them because quite a few people on this sub and from outside nz watched the npc this year and commented on how enjoyable it was . 
  i suspect the currie cup is of a similar quality . 
  the competitions next start sometime in august of next year . 
  he 's a compulsive liar , and shouts ` wrong ! ', 
  at people while muttering under his breath . 
  the only other person i know who does that is the homeless preacher in the city centre near where i live . 
  added to that , huge parts of his party refused to endorse him , including the leader of the party , and the only members of the party that anyone actually respects . 
  so what part of what i said was untrue ? 
  fuck , i was doing so well . 
  fixed now . 
  wayne smith is n't anywhere near perfect though - he had the role for a few games back in the day and did n't achieve much . 
  i think ted was the true genius because of the off field culture he instilled in the team , and shag has built on that . 
  [ list of all black coaches with win percentages . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_zealand_national_rugby_union_team#coaches ),
