  why does everyone insist on saying `` bad guys '' and other plurals ? 
  it was one player , who has been decried by multiple kiwi posters on this sub , and yet we 're all getting shit for it as if we gouged someone ourselves . 
  i got downvoted to -100 yesterday for saying that this was n't the all blacks , it was just franks , despite saying in the same thread that he deserved a red card and probably a suspension . 
  at this point , i think we 're just sick of one kiwi doing one bad thing and all of a sudden the entire team and fanbase cops shit for it as if we pretended to be perfect before . 
  guy was born to be an all black , absolute magic with the hands and feet . 
  jesus , we 'll all have to abandon if an irishman wins our provincial tipping !, 
  ca n't believe three people already used up all their counties manukau picks . 
  no one 's been that confident in that team since jonah played for them . 
  shh , do n't say that !, 
  claim to have lived here for a few years or something at least !, 
  so the random pick then . 
  it 's 3am and i misread ` clocks ' and wondered what i 'd stumbled across . 
  goodnight . 
  pls andromeda , you forgot to attach a space fact, 
  holy shit , that 's insane . 
  this guy 's saying he barely knows how to dress on a day to day . 
  i do n't think i 'm actively reading at the moment , but i started washington square about 4 months ago and have been stalled on it for about 3 ^ 1/2 of those . 
  i found it quite slow to get into , and unlike a lot of other classics , there did n't seem to be a hook that just grabs you . 
  it kept rolling on , never getting anywhere . 
  now i 'm avoiding reading it because it reminds me of some painful experiences ( other than attempting to get through it ) . 
  this could be a really hard one to find , but * tamar * by deborah challinor would probably fit this . 
  it 's the first book in a trilogy about a girl who emigrates to new zealand in the late nineteenth century . 
  user above recommended * a short history of nearly everything * , but i 'd personally give a shout out to his other books * at home * , * down under * , and * one summer * . 
  they included science , but padded it out with other topics too . 
  the * sharpe * series by bernard cornwell is very good for this . 
  naomi novik wrote her alt-history series temeraire and it 's set in the period of the napoleonic wars . 
  it 's definitely not accurate , but it 's a good read so you might learn something . 
  and going in a completely different direction , you might like to try some novels set in ancient rome . 
  from a tactical point of view , theirs were second to none . 
  the * emperor * series by conn iggulden is very good . 
  his * conqueror * series is even better imo , but that 's genghis khan , so the tactical side might not translate . 
  god i hope canterbury choke ( they wo n't ) and half the field gets knocked out ( they wo n't ) . 
  ** disclaimer : i think poite 's being an ass here , and moore 's getting some bad treatment . 
  i have two ideas on this :, 
  poite has different ways of dealing with captains . 
  he brushes read off with `` yeah , yeah '' . 
  the only time in that video he said anything substantial to read was at a scrum when he told a complaining read that the all blacks were going too early . 
  with moore he just says go away . 
  maybe this is because he does n't think a `` yeah , yeah '' is going to work . 
  was it just me , or did every instance of moore walking up to poite occur when the wallabies had just been penalised ? 
  hey i was at this game !, 
  i remember that ball too . 
  everyone wanted it - it was the international ball that season - but it was $ 120 and that 's a fair bit just for a rugby ball you 'll probably lose over a fence at lunch time . 
  might have been , but back then we liked cullen and wilson , and kicking was only for chips and grubbers , not the goalposts . 
  i mean , we ( the kids i 'm saying wanted the ball ) did n't give a shit about kicking for the goal posts , we only practiced chips and grubbers . 
  because we idolised wingers and fullbacks , not first fives . 
  dota 2 has 112 and they 're all still assholes . 
  q : what 's the deal with sports pitches in those climates ? 
  astro turf ? 
  really , really , well paid groundskeepers looking after real grass ? 
  i 'm thinking in the football stadiums for colleges etc. 
  it ruins the gif . 
  are people really bad drivers in your area or something ? 
  like , excessively so ? 
  because it 's not that hard to drive around a parking lot at a slow speed , remember where the pokestops are , and stop/slow your car to look at each stop when it comes up . 
  i spent way too much time watching the reflection of the light in her pupil spin round and round . 
  we were first actually . 
  two comments thinking it 's harder and all i 'm thinking is thank fuck there 's easy matches so i do n't have to blow my canterbury picks yet, 
  bloody australian writers are biased as usual . 
  the warriors are clearly the team of the year . 
  more than any other team , they held true to their tradition of generating disappointment and despair from the doorstep of heaven . 
  ah well , he had to step down sooner or later i suppose . 
  easily the greatest sevens coach in history , and in the world today . 
  from the stuff article :, 
   for some , the era of tietjens will be remembered by a failed maiden olympic campaign , which included a loss to japan and an eventual fifth placed finish . 
  this kind of thinking is bullshit . 
  titch was , and is , the best coach for this form of rugby in the world . 
  he worked within a system that treated 7s as a sideshow carnival that was n't quite as serious as 15s , yet he still managed to find the best talent in the country for it only to watch them be snapped up by the all blacks . 
  titch did n't fail at the olympics this year , the nzrfu did when they asked for the world on a plate and gave him nothing to do it with . 
  this is actually part of why i posted it . 
  the guardian is a well known and reputable source . 
  the other reason is that we 're once again making it into international headlines for something ridiculous , which i love . 
  you 're gon na have to take a dive mate . 
  exactly . 
  we fucking love it when we 're top , but if we slip up a fraction , then all of a sudden we 're failures . 
  val fucking dominated her sport for a decade . 
  titch did it for two . 
  the all blacks have only broken completely free of the rest of the world in the last two rwc cycles , and somehow titch is letting everyone down ? 
  dunno what aussies call them , but in nz these are generally called dairies . 
  according to wiki it 's because that 's where a lot of dairy products used to be sold . 
  now it 's known for 5c lollies , drinks , ice creams , etc. 
  we have one on practically every corner in the suburbs . 
   ** marksbbennett ** love countdown so thought i 'd throw an anagram in there, 
  jesus , what a legend . 
  i stupidly thought at the start of the season that we 'd see more lima sopoaga . 
  i guess he 's been banished to the first five graveyard and wo n't even get a chance to prove himself . 
  [ they had them a lot earlier than today . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_h3lobiigyw ) bull connor had a tank armed with water cannons in birmingham during the civil rights movement . 
  every 5 steps you have to bounce the ball !, 
  they 're the same age . 
  i agree it does n't make sense to interrupt barrett , but it 's a little annoying given that sopoaga was one of the form first fives and through last year ( and the first part of this year ) was playing far more consistently than barrett . 
  oh shit , counties ' loss knocked out three people . 
  the all blacks took greg martin and rod kafer to heart and decided they 're too arrogant . 
  from now on , they 're going to play rugby like that most humble of peoples , the northerners . 
  get out your times-tables boys , today we count in threes !, 
  argies are playing great , this attack is beautifulomg prop kick, 
  ( sopoaga would n't miss these ), 
  nah , that 's the hamilton-cambridge-morrinsville time continuum at work . 
  any time spent in the triangle appears to move at half the pace of time in the outside world , and at a quarter of the pace when stis are contracted . 
  bring back lima,
