  had never heard of ads before , so it was confusing seeing people use that to refer to iron sights . 
  you realise it 's not an fps game if it 's default state is n't first person ? 
  national 's been trumpeting their brilliant leadership of the country out of that recession for ages . 
  reckon we were lucky as to have these when you see the sorts of cakes americans have - all marzipan and stuff . 
  but the women 's weekly butter icing cakes were the shit . 
  i still remember my mum making these each year for birthdays , and then making the cricket pitch one for my dad 's 40th complete with little cricket figures . 
  i 'm a labour/greens voter . 
  i 've gone with both in the past , and i have n't quite decided which way i 'll go this year . 
  i think the most important thing to understand is that because we contest elections under mmp , there 's a very low chance of a single party getting enough votes to form a government alone . 
  since mmp came in in 1996 , the closest anyone has got to a majority is national at the last election with 60 seats ( they needed 61 ) . 
  a vote for greens or labour is a vote for the other . 
  a vote for act or national is a vote for the other . 
  the minor parties can be harder to decide where they 'll go as they all have a history of switching allegiance . 
  the exception to that is mana which will never go with national . 
  for your party vote , i suggest having a quick read through their policies to look at what they say about issues that you 're most interested in . 
  are you a student and worried about affording education ? 
  are you quite wealthy and want to lower taxes ? 
  are you comfortable with your life and just want to fix things for other people ? 
  make a list of what you like from different parties and then maybe talk about it with people . 
  on the electorate vote , you have a little less choice . 
  if you 're in a m\u0101ori electorate , you can decide between mana , m\u0101ori , and labour . 
  if you 're in a general electorate , you pretty much have labour and national . 
  the exceptions to this are \u014ch\u0101riu in wellington , epsom in auckland , and northland . 
  \u014ch\u0101riu is going to be a choice between united future and labour , and a strategic vote for labour will kill off a national ally . 
  epsom is between act and national , because all the national voters there vote act , and the labour voters vote national to try and stop the shenanigans . 
  voting national means there 's a chance act will be kicked out of parliament . 
  northland is between nz first and national . 
  keeping winston in the seat means denying national an extra seat that could give them power , but it also means giving nz first a bit of leverage . 
  i figure this one is decided at your own peril . 
  ** tl ; dr ** party vote is flexible as hell , just go for whoever says the best things about what you 're interested in . 
  electorate vote is 99 % strategy . 
  rich guy who wants to stay rich , but is rich enough that throwing a bone to the poor is n't too risky . 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure it 's just the victims . 
  why are you trying to \\ #alllivesmatter the holocaust dude , this does n't end well, 
  they literally opened by asking ccnc how he feels about being called names by reddit for a week lmao, 
  holy shit , ccnc looks exactly like my little sister 's 15yo ( girl ) friend, 
  not many people . 
  that 's the point . 
  aussie and nz are both trying to reduce smoking . 
  nz has a plan to have minimal smokers by 2025 . 
  i 'm not sure what ` minimal ' means as a number , but there was talk about being completely smokefree by 2030 . 
  our government does n't give a fuck . 
  ciggies have to be sold in plain packaging with no labels . 
  the only image allowed is a warning about the health dangers and a picture of a disease smokers suffer . 
  there 's an enormous tax on them that gets boosted every year or two . 
  ca n't smoke indoors anywhere that 's public . 
  ca n't smoke outdoors if you 're within 5 metres of the entrance to a building . 
  til i was steam inventory poor :(, 
  millennial refers to people who grew up and came of age with the millenium change as a major event , not those born around the year 2000 . 
  that 's why the age range for millennial goes from 1982-1995 . 
  it 's also because there is a lot of demand for change coming from them as a generation . 
  those changes are usually things that older generations have lived with for years , and do n't consider that massive , so when they hear arguments for change coming out it looks to them like complaining over minor woes rather than it being something worthwhile . 
  that gives the impression of the spoiled or entitled millennial . 
  what older gens seem to forget is that while they might have had it hard , we 're having it hard too , just in different ways . 
  the modern hardships are dismissed - you ca n't afford a house ? 
  oh , well make a sacrifice !, 
  i did n't have a computer , or a car , we used public transport !, 
  yeah , but public transport has gone way up , and a computer and a car are essential for employment . 
  even just being in an academic environment , i 've never called anyone `` dr. '' because we 're all colleagues or teacher/student and the elitism of demanding your title be used does n't translate to a good learning environment, 
  when i first played i wondered if i could slip through the cracks by dire into the lava . 
  it 's normal to ask questions about a brand new game until you learn the parameters, 
  yeah i agree . 
  3k hours in dota 2 and i love it . 
  my only complaint is that it 's very bright on my screen during day phase , but it 's nowhere near as bad as the spring and aurora effects from last year . 
  sir i am not a facts person please stop bringing facts, 
  because all matches are equal ... it 's the group stage , you do n't play favourites . 
  which series ? 
  there 's 4 at a time remember . 
  are you saying 2-4 minutes on each series , or an hour of recaps ? 
  how do you decide which one they talk about ? 
  what if they did n't watch them all ? 
  there 's too many variables . 
  oh , and last years group stage did n't have panels between matches either . 
   i really wonder why they built that entire set, 
  i wonder if it might be used later in the tournament ... 
  yeah !, 
  we should have plain brown lanes and lollipop trees !, 
  fuck the detail !, 
  let 's be league !, 
  group stage , not main event . 
  chill . 
  some people say to build phase boots on lycan , but i say boots of travel for this exact reason . 
  if you get blocked by your wolves ? 
  tp out !, 
  3 seconds , and you 're safe !, 
  and those wolves are two lanes away and unable to block you , 
  i uninstalled last week and it 's really helped my dota gameplay . 
  i do n't feed anymore at all . 
  i mean , i do n't win , but i do n't feed either !, 
   like seriously , i 've heard someone once talk through an entire gank setup before he even started moving from his lane and by the time he actually smoked and moved over to mid it was like 90 seconds later and way too late . 
  you do n't have to communicate this shit , if you smoke over to mid i know what you 're attempting to do . 
  see i 've had this happen before and someone 's rolled through mid screaming down mic `` why you not help gank ?? '', 
  well shit dude , maybe because i did n't see you on the map because i was busy dodging the thirty nukes the lina just threw at me , and then you dived behind mid tower while i was healing up on the other side of the river . 
  meanings change and adapt . 
  can confirm , sold my twitch prime gear for about $ 15 as soon as i saw it was marketable . 
  paid for a lot of dota cosmetics !, 
  the 5 % threshold does n't matter if you win a seat . 
  that 's why national voters in epsom vote for act , because act wo n't break 5 % . 
  i do n't know exactly what you see differently , because you did n't address anything else ? 
  i do wonder why you 're unhappy voting for labour because they 're partnered with the greens who seem too left for you , because the alternative is giving control to national who are partnered with act , which is the exact same issue but across the aisle ?
