  new zealand has never dominated outright in rugby sevens though . 
  it 's always been an even split between us and fiji . 
  if nz rugby is in a class of its own , then fiji is in that class for sevens . 
  no they have n't . 
  fiji was never behind us . 
  these guys play against professional sevens teams year round . 
  and win . 
  they 've done so for the last 20 years . 
  i 'd guess they 're not sensationalising at all . 
  tietjens ' training camps are renowned for how grueling they are to prepare players for the sevens circuit . 
  do n't know if you 'd know/remember caleb ralph , but back around 2000 he was the fastest winger in new zealand . 
  smoked everyone . 
  he went to tietjen 's camp to join the team and was vomiting on the sidelines . 
  eric rush had a whole heap of stories like that in his autobiography , i 'll try dig it up and post some of them . 
  they 're the most fit rugby players in the world , it 's absolutely insane what they do . 
  i evolved one rainer and have since evolved 6 eevees . 
  every single one of them was jolteon . 
  on the bright side , no vaporeon gym can stand up to me now . 
  you 're not understanding . 
  he can win 8 golds in a single olympics , whereas a boxer can win one , yet be just as good at his sport as phelps . 
  ah , what the fuck ? 
  no , no , no . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  shut up . 
  i mean , he could also go to any of the tournaments which are marginally closer haha . 
   so i heard about the sevens series , but are there just no club teams and players play for their countries through the season ? 
  sevens is n't like regular rugby . 
  the games are only 7 minute halves ( 10 for the final ) , so you can get an entire tournament done in 2 days . 
  it 's more of a festival than a season , so the only seasonal sevens comp is the world circuit . 
  true , but it is a bit of a trip !, 
  i actually found the men 's sevens the least exciting part because we see it all the time , but there 's so many cool sports i never watch on instead !, 
  i spent the first week watching judo , fencing , and women 's sevens , now i 'm keen on the athletics and cycling . 
  heaps to watch !, 
  i actually wondered the other day if we could play one of the three at 12 . 
  barrett is the biggest , but i think sopoaga could handle it . 
  i do n't like the midfield we have without sbw and ngatai , and we have three of the best first fives in the world just fighting for one slot . 
  oh , fair enough then !, 
  now that it 's over , i recommend just finding some streams/channels and sitting down for an hour or two . 
  the 100m heats are on in 40 minutes in fact . 
  i was listening to a couple of kiwi pundits discussing this on the radio the other day , and they were furious at the idea of the all blacks taking one of our home tests from the rugby championship to play in the north . 
  the problem being that we only get three home games per year . 
  but what i thought was quite a good question was this : if new zealand played south africa at twickenham , would england play ireland at eden park or joburg ? 
  not bloody likely . 
  the original thread makes me sad, 
   after round 1 and north harbour inevitably loses, 
  new zealand had the same thing in ' 11 . 
  pool matches were spread around the country ( ireland played new plymouth , eden park , dunedin for example ) , but the playoff matches were all at eden park except for 2 quarter finals in wellington . 
  it 's not that big a deal when a flight is max 2 hours , and it means you get a variety of teams playing around the place . 
  travel . 
  that 's all . 
  the only way you get around it is by making the super rugby comp like the sevens circuit , and having a group of teams play all their matches in one region before swapping with another group . 
  league 's fun , but i 'd rather two union games . 
  wellington 's the second biggest city , and gets a home test every year ? 
  if you thought christchurch was bigger , then they 're lacking in tests because the only stadium is addington which is n't big enough to accommodate a rugby championship test . 
  i see no reason why new zealand should lose a game , whether it be one played in wellington or dunedin ( it wo n't be eden park because if they 're after money , they wo n't lose the game that sells 50,000 seats ) . 
  the fans are in new zealand , not england . 
  why the hell would you move an international test overseas ? 
  and i was referring to rugby championship home games . 
  the june tests do n't count for moving tests to the uk . 
  this is the worst logic for this . 
  you do realise that not everyone supports rugby as die-hard as the people on this sub ? 
  i know people who will watch the all blacks but could n't name the five franchises . 
  not everyone cares about a provincial team , but a national team has draw . 
  personally , i live in auckland but i support the highlanders . 
  i support harbour and otago in npc . 
  i have no interest in watching a subpar blues team play , even less so when i have to pay $ 50 for half decent seats . 
  not everyone in new zealand likes rugby . 
  i watched maybe one game a round for the super rugby this year , and i 'm quite interested in the game . 
  but i do n't know a single person in my friend circles who i could say `` hey want to go to a blues game ? '', 
  to , because they just do n't care . 
  all blacks game ? 
  sure . 
  super rugby ? 
  no one gives a shit . 
  oh , and you know we ca n't even watch the games live ? 
  npc ? 
  nope . 
  super rugby ? 
  nope . 
  you better be paying $ 50 a month for sky to do that . 
  and even then you get loaded with a million shit channels that are n't worth it . 
  we do n't even get the all blacks live . 
  it 's little wonder that interest has fallen when access is so expensive . 
  there are over a quarter of a million people living in new zealand who were born in britain . 
  they 're our biggest source of immigrants . 
  no , i mean a lot of people just do n't like sports . 
  it 's not something that interests them . 
  why do n't you ? 
  how do you expect her to learn boundaries ? 
  do n't twist my words . 
  i 'm saying that england vs. ireland at eden park would have plenty of fans from both those nations , and it would sell out . 
  she got a bronze medal this time !, 
  i mean , i guess that my experience of parents is that they support you while giving you room to grow . 
  holding the threat of tuition withdrawal over a kid 's head does n't seem like it 'll ever lead to something good . 
  guess that 's exacerbated by a shit student loan system too . 
  ooh this one 's good, 
  also known as , the 2015 rugby world cup semi finals redux, 
  the speed and angle he comes across at , i 'd be willing to bet that the bmw actually came across from the next lane over , and was trying to dodge through a gap from an onramp to a fast lane . 
  using ashton eaton 's records , his personal best is lower than all the individual event 's world records by a large margin . 
  30cm in high jump , 0.6 m in long , 6m in shotput , 0.5 sec in the 100m , 45 sec in the 1500m .
