  not sure , but / u/astroboy589 has some good points . 
  the other one is potentially because japanese rugby is dominated by the corporate franchises of their own competition and the super rugby one has been struggling to find players because of that . 
  contrast that with argentina 's super xv team , which has already signed half the national team ( they were all dropping euro contracts to go home and play ) . 
  people really do n't like beale ay . 
  be interesting to see how this plays out . 
  japan showed a real capacity to control the breakdowns and shut out the backline . 
  wonder how scotland will cope ? 
  they definitely wo n't be as arrogant as south africa were in turning down 3pt opportunities , but it 'll be a great challenge . 
  best point in the thread . 
  they 're going to go from a group of players scattered across european clubs , to a core group who play together week in , week out , for around 20 weeks of the year , * before * they even reach the international season . 
  they 'll practically be fielding an international team in a club competition , and it 's going to be brutal . 
  they 'll gel together so well , and it 's so exciting for argentinian , and world rugby . 
  nz , ireland , australia , south africa , england , argentina , wales , france . 
  those are my top 8 to win , in order . 
  the only two i think probably ca n't win are wales ( b/c i see them being eliminated , sorry chaps ) , and france ( b/c they 're so temperamental ) , but they both have a chance , and a bloody good one compared to the other 12 teams . 
  yeah definitely . 
  i do wonder how their performance in the world cup will affect it . 
  i also saw an article talking about the new pacific players union ( rep group for pi players ) , and the guy who founded it said that it would be easy as for japan to find 30 pi players who would love to play super rugby , because it 's closer to home , and has the best players . 
  did you mean 47:35 game time - the scrum which breaks up ? 
  if so , it 's because the argentinian team turned the scrum , and the all blacks could n't keep it in formation . 
  that meant they broke up before the ball was out , and a penalty given . 
  instead of watching videos of wingers and fullbacks , find some videos of matches . 
  see how the players position themselves , how they interact with their team , what they do to score , e.g. 
  chip kicks , steps , catching cross field kicks . 
  you might n't need these skills because they 're more advanced . 
  check out wingers/fullbacks from new zealand and australia . 
  these teams play running rugby , they have the best outside backs in the world . 
  look at samoa and fiji too . 
  they like running rugby , but they combine it with size , which makes for running rugby that is harder to stop , but a lot of the time , no less agile . 
  for centres , conrad smith and ma'a nonu ( both nz ) are one of the best pairings in rugby history . 
  smith is n't big , but he slides through gaps . 
  nonu breaks through . 
  two different styles which work together magnificently . 
  brian o'driscoll ( ireland ) is one of the greatest 13s ever - watch him , and if you ever get an eye for a gap like he has , you 'll be well on your way . 
  there 's a welsh guy i ca n't remember ( gareth someone ) who played early 00s . 
  he was great . 
  stirling mortlock ( aus ) . 
  for first fives - dan carter ( nz ) and jonny wilkinson ( eng ) . 
  watch jonathan sexton ( ire ) post-2011 , but not before . 
  watch beauden barrett ( nz ) playing for the hurricanes for skill . 
  watch quade cooper ( aus ) for how to play attack , and how not to play defense . 
  halfbacks . 
  aaron smith ( nz ) is the best in the world . 
  will genia has dropped in skill , but if you go back c. 2011 and find games with him and quade playing together , you 'll see how the two should combine . 
  joost van der westhuizen ( rsa ) and george gregan ( aus ) are also worth watching . 
  if you 're a back , you generally need to be quick , know how to pass ( and catch ) , know how to tackle , and be able to kick the ball ( not necessarily at the posts ) . 
  sounds good . 
  i notice scotland got blown out in the six nations though . 
  god damn it , the game 's at 12:30 am my time , and aussie 's at 3:30 am . 
  i want some sleep , stop talking up scotland !, 
  hansen said everyone will get a start . 
  i think the only ones who 've started both games are milner-skudder and savea . 
  faumuina will get subbed , and franks will swap sides . 
  that 's why he 's there - to provide dual cover . 
  you realise you 've posted two links twice , rather than four individual links ? 
  i completely misread the team list and did n't notice woodcock and crockett on the bench . 
  maybe they 'll put crockett on at 7 , he likes to infringe at the ruck . 
  also , vito has a history of playing lock does n't he ? 
  he 's a really good dual role forward . 
  the japanese first five , k ono , grew up in new zealand and played at # 10 for the christchurch boy 's high school first xv - the same school that dan carter , colin slade , aaron mauger , and andrew mehrtens all played first five for . 
  why would n't you need speed ? 
  holy shit , ` dickpic ' . 
  scotland vs. japan, 
  south africa vs. samoa, 
  wales vs. england, 
  australia vs. fiji, 
  japan 's win has turned pool b into a second pool of death ( or even the main one , as they have four teams capable of escaping , while pool a really seems to have 3 ) . 
  rsa getting the double bonus point has saved them from a complete cluster fuck , but it 's still going to be a big job to get out of there . 
  so japan vs. scotland will set the tone tonight , and rsa vs. samoa will tell us if the saffas can recover mentally from the weekend blow . 
  if japan and samoa both win , then they 'll be on 8/9 points , and south africa and scotland left on 2/3/4 . 
  i would rate australia vs. fiji above england vs. wales purely because this is australia 's first showing , and we get to see how the team copes . 
  except ... england vs. wales is going to upset pool a. 
  it 'll push one team into panic mode , and give the other security . 
  australia is the only team who does n't have everything riding on their game . 
  there 's almost no chance of them losing , so it should just be a display of good rugby . 
  the other three games are going to be do or die scenarios . 
  yeah , i know , just laughing at the brazenness of hauraki, 
  this . 
  vote red peak # 1 , the token koru # 2 , and the shitfern # 3 . 
  if you leave them all blank , no other votes are counted , but if you vote for those two as backups and red peak gets slaughtered , your vote goes towards something that no one will ever vote to make the national flag . 
  were you shorting ? 
  i bought 30 shares at 0.30 , hoping they do n't void all trades . 
  that is it working properly . 
  if you absolutely love red peak , and absolutely loathe every other flag , then you vote strategically to make the options red peak , token koru , or shitfern . 
  that way , you get your choice ( red peak ) vs. the current flag , or , you get token koru or shitfern vs. the current flag . 
  the benefit of this is that if you put the current flag against an unpopular contender , you pretty much guarantee it will win ( which is in your interest ) , because then there is a second chance to change the flag somewhere down the line . 
  if the flag gets changed now , it wo n't be changed again . 
  if it stays the same , there 's a chance it 'll come up for a vote again in the next fifty years . 
  jesus christ , congrats man . 
  i 'd be shitting myself if i had that much on it . 
  glad i 'm only playing with the min . 
  buy in !, 
  www.abebooks.com - for older books , out of print books , and sometimes , just dirt cheap regular books . 
  it is n't a store so much as it is a marketplace for secondhand book stores around the world to put up their wares , but it does have new stuff . 
  for an idea of pricing , i bought a history book for $ 1.95 from them and paid $ 10 shipping ( from vermont n the us ) . 
  total cost was $ 14 usd . 
  on amazon , the same book was $ 30 usd before shipping . 
  either do n't vote , or vote ugliest --  nicest . 
  so probably shitfern # 1 , token koru # 2 , leave the other three blank because they 're designs people like . 
  your goal is to make the current flag run against a flag that can not possibly win .
