  it wo n't happen . 
  he was n't a threat . 
  they shot him . 
  that 's a travesty . 
  it was an execution . 
  he was pinned . 
  he could n't get to a gun . 
  his hands are both visible . 
  there was no threat . 
  are n't the rebels top of aussie ? 
  that 's ... alright ? 
  shit . 
  that 's being a bit harsh though . 
  the wallabies turn up to play more often than once every eight years !, 
  chill man . 
  it 's just a funny comparison . 
  seems stupid to have such a heavy focus on nz/aus teams . 
  should really only be teams that make the finals of their competitions . 
  so , from nz : crusaders , chiefs , hurricanes , highlanders ; from aus : brumbies ; from rsa : stormers , lions , sharks ; from japan : wild knights ; from the pacific : an amalgamation team ; from europe : either the winners of the top 14 , pro 12 , and championship * or * the top 3-4 from the heineken cup . 
  this , combined with the saru getting greedy and adding in the kings . 
  double check the battery saver - i noticed my options ( sounds/music off , battery saver on ) were being reset everytime the server crashed and i had to login again . 
  first q : have we figured out yet what the best strategy is for increasing cp and evolving pokemon ? 
  is it better to ( a ) increase the cp of my pidgey to the maximum , then evolve it to pidgeotto , increase that cp to maximum , then evolve to pidgeot ? 
  or is it better to just rush through the evolutions with a base high level pidgey , saving the cp increase for pidgeot ? 
  ( can we also get a better term than cp , god damn ), 
  second q : i 've had the gym bug a few times ( where a battle just wo n't end and everyone 's on 1hp ) , but i 've also had a second one where a gym battle wo n't start at all . 
  i click in , organise a party , click fight , the pokemon appear , the go text flashes up , and then it instantly switches back to the trainer/pokemon gym screen and wo n't allow me to fight . 
  anyone had this , and if so , is there a miraculous fix ? 
  cheers , helpful answer !, 
  i have n't been watching the moveset b/c i was just clearing out the rattata/pidgey coalition i had . 
  ended up evolving them all and transferring after . 
  edit : movesets change when evolving , so i guess you just need to watch the ones you toss at the end . 
  tagging / u/cheekyfukah b/c this might be of interest to him/her too . 
  tldr : it 's not about discrimination , or racism . 
  it 's about giving a platform to black voices , when the mainstream is dominated by white voices . 
  the reason the blm did n't want white people attending is because we ( white people ) have a history of acting like we know what is best for others . 
  the point of a poc only meeting is to let black communities have the main voice . 
  blm do n't need to have a meeting with white people to hear white voices . 
  they could watch the news for that . 
  what value is your opinion on race relations , or my opinion on race relations , to a group of people that live this shit every single day ? 
  so when they say `` we 're having a meeting , and becky and her friends are n't invited '' , they 're saying let us sort some shit out , and let us make plans , and then we 'll let you know what we 've decided . '', 
  because ultimately , this is n't about fixing a situation for us , it 's about fixing it for them . 
  and this is nothing new . 
  many of the major protest groups during the crm were black movements that had black leaders , and minimised the voices of white people to allow black voices a space . 
  judging by the past few weeks , quite a few of those teams will ahah . 
  welcome, 
  you ca n't beat an allied gym and take it over in the same way as an enemy one . 
  what you can do is fight against it and give it more prestige points . 
  the higher the prestige points , the more pokemon that can be stationed at that gym . 
  you can get xp for fighting your allied gym as long as you beat at least one pokemon in the battles . 
  i think if you beat all the pokemon with your one , you get the top spot and full ownership . 
  if you train the gym so much that the prestige goes up and grants an extra slot , then you can station a pokemon there and it will count towards the ` gym defender bonus ' you can collect in the shop . 
  [ gym screen ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o8femqj.png ) : the numbers marked 1 are the prestige points of the gym . 
  level 1 is up to 2000 prestige , level 2 is 2-4k , level 3 is 4-8k , and so on . 
  the level # of the gym is how many pokemon can be stationed there . 
  so in this image it 's a level 3 and can have 3 pokemon ( section marked 2 ) . 
  when you 're on the gym screen , swipe right to see what pokemon are stationed there . 
  the number of pokemon are indicated by the dots/crown under the gym level . 
  the crown is the gym leader , the dots are trainers . 
  instead of tapping to attack , do a hard hold with your finger on the opposing pokemon as if you were opening a context menu on your phone 's browser . 
  a thin navy blue bar will begin to charge up under the light blue energy bar and when it reaches full length , the game screen will get black aspect ratio bars at the top and bottom and your pokemon will use the move . 
  for stronger moves you need the entire bar full . 
  for other moves you might have 4 segments and need 1 , 2 , or 3 full . 
  pokemon will still appear , be quick to click them and you 'll get the catch screen . 
  if you time it correctly , you can get pokestops as long as you 're quick to click and swipe . 
  gyms are harder to do , and i do n't know how they react if you move out of range while battling . 
  this one 's sketchy . 
  i hatched a 10km egg over a day of driving , where i definitely did not travel 10km at less than 20km/h , or while walking . 
  so it does count , but it counts it very , very , slowly . 
  it 's much easier to just jump out and walk around for a bit . 
  borrow a dog or something and take him for a stroll . 
  kind of , but not completely . 
  when you 're fighting an enemy gym , you can have multiple people hitting the prestige down with teams of six pokemon . 
  as you do that , you 'll eject pokemon from the gym , and it gets easier and easier to heal and restart the fight . 
  certain pokemon will absolutely cream gym defenders too - i have a kingler which is only 550cp , but it has awesome attack speed , whereas my 800cp pidgeot feels very slow to attack . 
  golbat is wonderful for taking down a gym , not so great at defending . 
  there 's always a limit to how high the cp can go too , and even if there was n't , the fact that gyms can have their prestige knocked down merely by beating the lowest pokemon in the game , it 's easy for everyone to participate in bringing an enemy gym down as a team . 
  tagging in / u/in _ to_ag too . 
  do n't give up hope guys !, 
  ( not that you 'll ever beat mystic  ), 
  that 's called balance . 
  if you had to beat the entire gym , then there would be too much of an advantage for the paying players , and for the people who got an early start . 
  see this is just crazy . 
  i got stopped at a traffic stop last week . 
  they had one cop standing middle of the road , and about five more on the side where cars were being pulled over . 
  my guy tells me my rego is out , asks for my licence , then turns around to laugh at something the others on the side are saying while i 'm going for my wallet . 
  i asked him how long it was out by , and he steps back and in front of my car to tell me , and then back again , without a care in the world . 
  i ca n't imagine having to dictate very carefully what i 'm doing . 
  it 's not a quota thing , it 's just about going `` oh hey , that role could be played by a black woman as easily as it could be by a white woman . '', 
  think grey 's anatomy as an example . 
  it 's casting is crazy diverse because the creator writes characters but never mentions skin tone , so anyone can be cast . 
   by omission , you 're saying it 's more important to focus on the deaths of black people than on anyone else . 
  no , you 're saying that * right at this moment * it 's a problem that is affecting blacks more than other groups . 
  they wo n't change it until 2018 at the earliest . 
  you need more than one season to test things . 
  it 's set up how it is to provide all markets with viewing experience which is a good thing , but is difficult b/c of time zones and travel that entails . 
  i think the solution is to have a three week on , one week off system , where teams get divided into groups to play in different areas , sort of like the 7s series . 
  so group 1 could play all games in nz/aus in week 1 . 
  group 2 plays all in argentina week 1 . 
  group 3 plays all in sa .
