  ah , i was n't aware it was shit for everyone . 
  the problem has arisen with pacific players in particular since nz and australian players just play super rugby and only go to europe when they ( a ) ca n't make the national sides , or ( b ) have retired from international rugby . 
  samoan players in particular have been in the media lately because they get offered contracts in europe which are offering them more money then they 'd ever dreamed of making , but with a caveat - they have to agree not to represent samoa . 
  if they disagree , they take a pay cut of 30 % ( i might be wrong on this figure , but i remember the number 30 ) . 
  the clubs have been told not to do it , but they continue because no one polices it . 
  it 's leading to a player drain from the pacific , and only the ones who take the cut get to represent their countries . 
  yeah , but the top 14 and the six nations are both tiers , i mean tiers within the same system , i.e. 
  promotion/relegation as you say . 
  football is the best example i guess . 
  premier league , championship , and so on . 
  except do it with national teams . 
  [ samoans being asked to declare themselves unavailable or take a 30-40 % paycut . 
  ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/sport/rugby/international/68375174/samoa-lock-dan-leo-claims-european-clubs-forcing-pacific-island-players-to-miss-rugby-world-cup ), 
  [ study looking at exploitation of pacific island players ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/sport/rugby/international/72341991/massey-university-study-backs-claims-about-pacific-rugby-players-being-exploited ), 
  found grumpy . 
  nah you 've understood me ok . 
  the autonomous tier 1 would make them separate though , would n't it ? 
  for example , we have the itm cup in new zealand , which has a premier division and a championship division . 
  teams move up and down between the two , based on promotion/relegation matches . 
  but we also have the heartland championship which is the third tier , except there 's no connection anymore , so it 's really the fifth tier of nz rugby , but in terms of competition , it 's separate to the others . 
  edit : maybe it 'd be helpful to refer to tiers for national structures , e.g. 
  international , club , domestic , and so on . 
  refer to competition tiers as ladders . 
  so 6 nations is top rung , there is no second rung because there 's no relegation . 
  to be fair , there seem to be arseprints on the doors of most of your public servants these days . 
  even westeros has n't had as many kings as you in the past 5 years, 
  tiers are like ` first world ' / ` third world ' . 
  tier 1 is developed rugby systems . 
  tier 2 is developing . 
   american 6 nations, 
  what 's this ? 
  or do you mean the pacific nations cup ? 
  hey england , should n't the chariot be swinging high ? 
  have you lost some of your air ? 
  nah , intentional knock down . 
  yeah he was a bit slow . 
  honestly , you guys are defending brilliantly . 
  the only noticeable problem has been the mike brown collection , but he made up for that with the folau save, 
  i thought you kicked for the line and went for a try with 30sec to go . 
  broooooooooown, 
  to be fair , ben smith and izzy folau both knocked it on in the last 24hours . 
  is he the one that looks like he owns a ford transit van and hangs around schools ? 
  wait until an hour or so after the game is finished and post a new thread with the youtube link of the game . 
  give us clock times for the events and we 'll explain . 
  man , poite is cleaning up marler 's shitty scrumming . 
  ok i apologise for ever suggesting that australia should take the risk on cooper . 
  foley has been infinitely better . 
  cheers for your acestream being offered again . 
  sopcast was impossible to watch for the abs game , but acestream does n't stutter at all . 
  lol , it 's definitely not a red . 
  did you learn nothing from the welsh game ? 
  english shopping list :, 
  * warm beer, 
  * pies, 
  * looseforwards, 
  being coached by an ex-argentinian front rower . 
  * map to the tryline . 
  jesus christ he got taken out from fifty metre run there, 
  lol , what were they meant to be penalized for there ? 
  yeah , but england got driven back 30m . 
  having a word means that it was n't enough for a penalty , but enough for a warning about the way he 's playing . 
  i thought he 'd be good , but i 'll eat my words . 
  if you steal a loaf of bread you can have a team full of them !, 
  advantage is typically played for 2-3 phases to give a team a chance to move forward and save the ref from stopping the game with a scrum . 
  england moved it sideways , then back . 
  advantage was not made use of . 
  holy fuck , england 's raising the dead to fill their backrow . 
  no , phipps is starting sloppy . 
  aussie need phipps to get into a ruck so that someone can stamp on his face and swap him out for blood bin . 
  not guaranteed . 
  nick easter looks like he 's already dying . 
  double yellow double yellow, 
  these commentators are shit . 
   well you see , if giteau * had * got the ball , he was through !, 
  yes , that 's the point commentary team . 
   so the tackle had to be made !, 
  no no no no no . 
  - nick easter, 
  maybe they should play rugby instead of being mugs . 
  yes because they do n't have the ball and you ca n't play off the ball, 
  edit : and you definitely ca n't shoulder charge them, 
  how is this debatable, 
  they 'll need tickets out though . 
  swing low , all hopes and dreams, 
  no-one coming for to carry you home !, 
  bet you would n't care if we 'd decided to back you and scream for australia 's downfall . 
  new respect for jonny wilkinson , after that little piece on the yellow card incident . 
   in that ballpark , you could come down on the wrong side of the decision , or the wrong one . 
  but you really should n't be in that ballpark anyway . 
  easy . 
  you keep lancaster . 
  you have some good players there . 
  the big thing was pocock/hooper . 
  get that guy from france back to be your fetcher . 
  train your loosies to do the job they 're meant to do . 
  get new scrum techniques instead of that constant angling in . 
  england is n't a bad team , they 're just using bad technique at the moment . 
  we only won 2011 because ted got to keep his job after ' 07 . 
  if lancaster stays and coaches this team , there could be a string of six nations wins and in 2019 , they 'll be a real contender . 
  i hope stuart lancaster stays on , he seems like he 'll be able to take england a decent way in 2019 .
