  yeah , the point is that not everyone is strong enough to do that . 
  a lot of people who drown in rips are people who are able to swim , but do n't realise what 's happening and panic . 
  they try to swim out of the rip , which tires them out , and then they drown . 
  i 'm imagining samuel l being ` rather upset ' and it 's oscar worthy, 
  i dunno , apparently the media are at fault for reporting news . 
  a nurse here lost her child last year because they were left in a car for several hours . 
  to expand on this one , baking . 
  heaps of people seem to have an issue with baking , as if it 's too difficult . 
  baking is piss easy . 
  it 's like math when you 're 5 and you 're only dealing with single digits and + / - . 
  if you have the ingredients , the equipment , and the ability to read a recipe , you 're all set . 
  i find general cooking harder than baking because there 's an element of improvisation , but baking is just following the rules . 
  you ca n't go wrong . 
   with baking it never feels like the result is something i made . 
  cooking feels very personal , and baking does n't . 
  i got ta say , i do n't understand this at all . 
  you 're still making it . 
  you 're still going through a process and turning 10 individual things into one big thing . 
  that 's all down to you . 
  yeah cooking is definitely more forgiving , depending on what you 're doing . 
  but then again , if you mess up baking and you 're not at the cooking stage , you can usually fix it . 
  also , it 's all written down , so i always wonder how people do n't find it simple . 
  you absolutely should . 
  it 's fantastic . 
  watch all of it . 
  i 've heard that reddit do n't like season 2 but those people are idiots and should be ignored . 
  ah fair enough . 
  i suppose since i was brought up with that all around me it 's sort of second nature . 
  all cooking is science . 
  some is just more experimental and some is more rigourous . 
  baking is just a form of cooking that people have hangups about . 
  and it 's not just regular people like you and i , apparently quite a few chefs have that problem too ? 
  but you do !, 
  you just need to know how to do it . 
  so it does have that improvisational element , but it 's not core to it like it is with more general cooking . 
  it 's just for kissies, 
  do you know how hard it is to overbeat egg whites ? 
  it takes quite a bit of effort . 
  i 'm not sure what butter crust is ... is that pastry ? 
  like for a pie ? 
  because that 's fairly simple to do . 
  it 's just right ingredients , right equipment , like i said in my original comment . 
  she 's made those brownies a million times in her life , and i really want to try them now that you 've said this !, 
  bread 's a fuckin ' bitch for one reason - yeast . 
  there are 3 main types of yeast : active , which comes in little capsule type things that you have to mix with some warm water and sugar ; dry , which is just powder and you toss it in the mix ; fresh , which you mix in to the water and dough and go from there . 
  the problem is that they all last for different amounts of time , and if you do n't test your yeast , you do n't know if it 's any good until after you 've used it ( by which point it 's too late ) . 
  i 've got a breadmaker and it 's pretty great . 
  but the yeast for it is also a fuckin ' nightmare . 
  love me some bread , but god damn do i hate yeast . 
  jesus i need one of these but every time i see it it 's when i 've just spent money on a whole heap of other crap i did n't need . 
   all the time in the world . 
  key . 
  i like to take my time which includes buggering off in the middle of baking and forgetting that i have something time sensitive sitting on my bench . 
  you use the little capsule things ? 
  how do you activate it before chucking it in your mix ? 
  i 've had no success at all with active yeast , but for some reason i have two jars here . 
  usually i use dry yeast and that was great . 
  i mean yeah , but i did say if you have the equipment . 
  that includes the oven . 
  but i 've cooked cakes in a bbq , there are microwaveable recipes , and you can use a bain-marie . 
  i 've never seen a home without an oven though . 
  they 're generally included in a house when you buy it . 
  the only place that would n't have them is student housing i guess ? 
  my prep is lousy . 
  i take an hour to bake a 20 min thing because i do n't prep at all . 
  chef prep is crazy good though . 
  baking is legitimately the best food out . 
  only reason i do it is because it 's better than anything i can buy . 
  i 've baked in all sorts of weather conditions ( humid , dry , freezing ) , and generally at one altitude , but i 've always been able to track my mistakes - forgot baking powder , did n't change new scales from ounces to grams , forgot to double one part of the recipe . 
  maybe i 've been lucky , but i 've had less than 5 recipes go wrong , and i can say exactly how they all went badly . 
  usually it was because i was tired , but if you look over the recipe again , it should be clear . 
  oh god no , do n't quote me on that . 
  not pretty . 
  you can make a tasty as fuck cake , but you 're going to have to pull out some serious wizardry to make it pretty . 
  that shit is hard . 
  that 's really interesting . 
  i guess a dehumidifier would dry it out more while it was rising . 
  could you add more water to the mix when you 're making it in those conditions in future ? 
  ok so bread is dependent on gluten , and that 's also how you tell when the dough is done . 
  when you 're kneading it , you pull the dough apart gently and stretch it . 
  when you 've first mixed everything , it 'll just break off into chunks , but as you knead it more and more , it 'll stretch out . 
  so you 'll still have thick strands of dough , but where the dough is beginning to break will stretch further and further without breaking , and it 'll become thinner and thinner without breaking . 
  when you get to that point , you 're ready !, 
  i mean , yeah , that is why i like it because i can do it on autopilot , but damn dude you 're missing out on some awesome food . 
  o. ok i 'm going to go mess around with active yeast and try get this working !, 
  been here done this and i did n't realise until i read something on it months later and was fuming, 
  aight , we got ta get you baking some stuff . 
  you should try muffins because they 're delicious as fuck , and they 're also super quick . 
  find a muffin recipe , mix your dry ingredients in one bowl , wet in another . 
  mix the two together , and ** stop when everything is just one big mess ** . 
  just stop , pull out whatever you mixed it with , look at it . 
  it should be a disgusting wet/dry mess . 
  the wet bits will be all slimy and coated with flour . 
  once you get to that point , give it two more goes round with your mixing tool , and if you 're using a wooden spoon or something , try move the spoon through the centre of the mix just to break it all up . 
  that 's it . 
  stick it in the trays and bake . 
  people screw up muffins because they think it 's not mixed properly and start to panic , but muffins do n't need to be mixed all that much anyway . 
  hang on , what qb is on the field more than half the time ? 
  they 're calling him the goat qb not the goat of everything , so every qb is based on their contributions , and championships are a huge part of that . 
  old copypaste .
