  and my comment had all the information you needed . 
  i 've seen pictures in south east asia with several people on a motorcyle and no sidecar , why not that !, 
  i 've played ~ 6 first person games and i think it 's horrible . 
  i 'll keep playing them to see if i get used to it , but at the minute it feels like someone took a third person game and tried to shove it into a first person box and it 's just not working for me . 
  this was absolutely the worst part of camping too . 
  issues with people behind rocks and trees ? 
  not often , because 99 % of the time , people are scared to sit still in case they get snuck up on . 
  fuck , you 're right . 
  edited in the link !, 
  i saw in your other comment you think james can pull off these kind of jokes . 
  i just watched it again , and in the 37 seconds it takes him to get through the disabled porn joke , he pauses and uses filler words 12 times !, 
  in 37 seconds !, 
  he says * y' know * 5 times , * um * 4 times , * uh * once , and * i mean * twice . 
  that 's a pause every 3 seconds on average . 
  he even stutters through it . 
  this is a $ 20 million tournament , i 'd expect a presenter who can actually string words together . 
  or maybe when james said that 's what his fans expect from him , he meant they want someone who looks and sounds like he 's asking you for money for a crack habit ? 
  sorry then , you spoke english well so i thought you 'd know . 
  he says he 'll be talking about the `` cans and ca n'ts of dota 2 teams '' but instead of saying ca n'ts he says cunts . 
  on every survey of the most offensive word in english , cunt will be top three , usually only surpassed by the n word or motherfucker . 
  no we 're not , we 're talking about bilingualism . 
  english is n't a necessary part of the comment , mastery of the language is . 
  this is a truly awful argument to make . 
  firstly , because having a quote does n't mean you hire the first person that fits it that walks in the door . 
  you interview , you look around . 
  ca n't find anyone that fits it ? 
  then you hire someone else . 
  to quote barbossa , it 's more guidelines than actual rules . 
  secondly , because the idea that the few that make it are considered exceptional is absolute bullshit . 
  there 's a comment above this that says that the only woman manager in his divison is talked down to regularly in meetings by other men . 
  they do n't view her as exceptional , they view her as out of place . 
  they think she does n't belong there . 
  if that workplace meeting had 10 men and 10 women , then the idea of women in that position would be normalised . 
  the problem is n't just with companies though , it 's also with how we raise children . 
  toys are marketed so that some are for girls , some are for boys . 
  and hey , everyone 's got ta make a buck right ? 
  but when someone is raised being told that the toy guns are for boys and the dolls are for girls , or that the play computer is for boys , and the play oven is for girls , then people start to think that . 
  kids are impressionable , we all know this . 
  it 's why we copy our parents ' mannerisms . 
  why we ( generally ) try not to swear around them , why you do n't fight in front of the kids . 
  kids pick things up , and with the sort of conditioning we get blasted with from movies and books and toys and marketing you end up with idiots like the subject of this article who thinks there 's a biological difference in our brains when in actual fact , it 's just years and years of society guiding people into different roles because of what 's between their legs . 
  and that just gets compounded !, 
  young women get told in high school and college that the sciences are too difficult for them . 
  they get dissuaded from trying . 
  and when they do get in , they can end up in faculties like engineering , where there 's a hundred men and one woman , and the woman suddenly has to deal with being a very very small minority , and the doubts you might have about being there : why are there no other women ? 
  is this not for me ? 
  are they stupid ? 
  am i stupid ? 
  not to mention the boy 's club nature of a lot of these disciplines , which is fine , have some jokes , but if they wo n't adapt the jokes or their behaviour ( probably because they 're too cool to be pc ) then the woman gets excluded . 
  how do you network with people who wo n't encourage you to join in ? 
  how do you make friends when no one on the playground wants to play with you one equal terms ? 
  and every woman that makes it all the way through a childhood where she 's told her toys are wrong , and into a school where she 's told her scientific interests are out of her league , and into a university where she 's 1 of 5 in a 200 person class , then has to go into industry and work with people who did n't have any of those barriers . 
  they were given those toys , and praised for their ability with them . 
  they were encouraged by that same high school teacher . 
  they were part of the club at university . 
  they belonged , every last step of the way . 
  now they 're finally here , and they do n't understand the other side of it . 
  so they sit in a meeting and they look down on the one woman they see , and talk down to her , because if she 's the only one here , it must be hard for women to understand what they 're doing . 
  or they write a dumbass report saying that she does n't belong here and that she 's not as capable as the boys , because she 's biologically inferior . 
  ** tl ; dr hiring for competence is inherently biased because the discrimination exists at every step along the educational path . 
  how the fuck is it discrimination to give someone a leg up ? 
  if my kid ca n't see the ducks over the wall , but the kid next to him is leaning on it and watching them happily , is it discrimination to give my kid a stool to stand on ? 
  fuck that was a smackdown and a half, 
   i 'm not going to spend any length of time on ( 1 ) ; if anyone wishes to provide details as to how nearly every statement about gender in that entire document is actively incorrect , \u00b9 and flies directly in the face of all research done in the field for decades , they should go for it . 
  but i am neither a biologist , a psychologist , nor a sociologist , so i 'll leave that to someone else . 
  he does n't sidestep it at all , he says he 's not qualified to talk about it . 
  do you read the threads you 're replying to or do you just scan for something that sets off the bell in your brain and attack it ? 
  he said that it 's discrimination to offer something to someone who does n't have it when you 're not offering it to people who do . 
  there 's nothing finite about it , no one is missing out . 
  i do n't think it works at all . 
  i 've tried with the fov both default and stretched , and it is uncomfortably clunky . 
  running and jumping does n't feel right , there 's no sense of spatial awareness around your character like there is in other fps games because whatever it is that governs that is missing here . 
  [ this is a list of the games that run on unreal 4 , like pubg . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_unreal_engine_games#unreal_engine_4 ) notice the complete lack of recognised fps or tps games ? 
   the mom was now a single mother with all the struggles that come with it . 
  ( not entirely her choice , but she should 've vetted the man far more seriously before they had kids . 
  if she did n't know whether or not the man was sunstable , why the fuck did she have two kids with him ? ), 
  what the actual fuck is this, 
   children tend to emulate their parents, 
  your parents must have been absolutely insufferable . 
  the only ones i recognise are ark and dead island . 
  is fortnite focused on pvp ? 
  i thought it was a sandbox/survival builder type . 
  anyway , engine or game design , the fps mode does n't feel like fps . 
  it feels like something pretending to be fps , and it 's quite horrible . 
  you seem to think that she 's responsible for the actions of her partner . 
  labour should have considered that p\u0101keh\u0101 had certain obligations to m\u0101ori under the treaty . 
  no it 's not because men already have these opportunities . 
  men are actively learning code , but women are n't , so google is working to encourage more women into it . 
  that 's not discrimination , that 's `` hey do you want to play to ? '', 
  he 's really warmed up to it . 
  he 's still not talking much , but he 's stopped looking so nervous so i think he 's settling in . 
  must be a pretty fucking cool experience for a 16yo kid who has watched ti every year, 
  especially as she 's an american . 
  marama davidson is 3rd on the list , she 's ahead of jag . 
  absolutely bullshit . 
  this is the first person in how long to actually start a conversation in this country about the problems and issues facing the poor . 
  and she loses everything for it . 
  fuck that . 
  fuck the media and their animalistic pursuit of an individual instead of a fucking systemic issue that is killing our people .
