  but the haka is a serious thing . 
  [ brian moore 's follow up tweet ] ( https://twitter.com/brianmoore666/status/644446964638175232 ) said , `` personally , i do n't think a tradition like this is meant for selling clothes . '', 
  he accompanied it with [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xi6trtbzumm&amp;feature=youtu.be ) which i think shows the importance of the haka in m\u0101ori culture more than anything i could say . 
  god , they 're mad . 
  fiji not making the quarters ? 
  good luck all !, 
  especially samoa and fiji !, 
  i really hope the english public get into it , because this tournament is great on its own , but its mindblowing when you have the atmosphere generated by an enthusiastic public . 
  smith, 
  colin slade is not a fullback . 
  beauden barrett is not a fullback . 
  they 're specialist first fives who can cover that position , but they are not in the top 10 fullbacks of the world cup . 
  it 's a typo . 
  ireland lost to australia in the qf in 1991 , but only by a point in the last minutes . 
  namibia : we can see them causing six major upsets but seven is just one bridge too far . 
  haha . 
  i read the wiki page for the game , and it said campese was outpaced by an irish loosie to score their try ? 
  i have to find the video for that , because it sounds amazing . 
  oh wow , it 's beautiful . 
  i feel sorry for the irish . 
  that stadium erupted after his try , and the pitch invaders were so happy , and then you could hear a pin drop after lynagh 's try . 
  also , how good was that final scrum ? 
  flanker 's running around trying to get the ball , scrum 's already set , then he joins after the ball goes on , no resets , no bullshit pulling it down . 
  great stuff . 
  there 's like 48 games in the next six weeks + nrl finals . 
  i 'm definitely not watching that one  but thanks, 
  1013 caps in the starting xv . 
  another 316 on the bench . 
  i 'd say it 's possible i got it wrong , but it 's stuff we 're talking about . 
  the corner flag challenge - [ carlos spencer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9e_amlwpi4 ), 
  you should probably mute that for the sake of your ears . 
  i was agreeing with you too , it 's just nice to take every opportunity to mock stuff , 
  what i love about this is that it shows the true chokers of the world cup : the french . 
  three finals , but never a cup !, 
  thanks for this , it was really informative . 
  great post / u/wallopyjoe . 
  you 've made me realise how lucky i 've been to grow up in new zealand where we 're immersed in the sport and games are on regularly to go to . 
  i 've been to more rugby games than i could count , but three stand out to me clearer than any other :, 
  samoa vs. rsa , world cup 2003 . 
  samoa vs. rsa , world cup 2011 . 
  australia vs. ireland , world cup 2011 . 
  international rugby is a cut above the rest already , but rwc adds a festive atmosphere that elevates it even further . 
  enjoy your match experience , and the same to anyone else going to games during the next six weeks . 
  lastly , if you can , get a ticket to samoa vs. south africa . 
  they 've been together in the pool matches for the last four tournaments in a row , and it is one of the hardest games of rugby you will ever see . 
  the game was in 2004 , when the two major nz franchises in super rugby were the blues and the crusaders . 
  they represented a north vs south rivalry as the superior teams on each island . 
  other teams were touch and go , these two were eternally strong . 
  in the late 90s/early 2000s , canterbury and the crusaders were challenging auckland for the top position in nz rugby . 
  from 1985-2005 , auckland won 13/21 championships in the national provincial competition , dominated the all blacks ranks , and won the first two titles of the super 12 . 
  carlos spencer was an integral part of the blues dominance in 96/97 , and he was one of the main rivals for andrew mehrtens position in the all blacks . 
  whenever carlos played at christchurch he was booed because he was arrogant , he was a rival for their # 10 , and he played for a team that a lot of the country did n't like ( and still does n't ) . 
  in that 2004 game , the blues were leading by 2 , and the crusaders had a try lined up . 
  when they lost it , it was < 2min to go , and carlos ran it out . 
  the try put the blues 7 points ahead , which gave the crusaders a losing bonus point . 
  carlos was obviously going to kick the conversion as he could drop it anywhere he liked , so he took it to the corner ( his arrogance ) , kicked it ( more arrogance , since i remember him as a hit and miss kicker ) , and then pulled the fingers to the crowd . 
  it was only the second game of the season , so he was n't knocking them out of playoff contention or anything , but he was being cocky , in front of a crowd who did n't like him , and he did it bloody well . 
  ( sorry for the wall of text . ), 
  there 's a lot of complaint about the tmo , but think of the context : peyper had just given a try to fiji , which he then had to overturn because he could n't see the knock on from his position . 
  the very next play was a crossfield kick , where ( 1 ) the player was behind him when the kick was made , so offside was n't known , and ( 2 ) the player landed facing away from him . 
  if the tmo was n't used on the first try , it would have been allowed and may have ruined the entire game . 
  if it was n't used on the second , it had the potential to be a repeat of the first that peyper would pay for later . 
  i dunno , i think fiji can still get out . 
  england needs to win every game now though to stop the other teams getting up . 
  yeah , that is bad . 
  but was peyper calling it in , or was the tmo volunteering info ? 
  because for the nadolo try , peyper was the one who had reason to be unsure , but it was the linesman who asked for a check . 
  there are four officials , not one . 
  peyper should n't cop all the flak for it . 
  that 's my point . 
  lacey asked for the tmo , not jaco . 
  i think the tmo may get in trouble for contacting the ref - from what i know they 're not allowed to . 
  that may have changed . 
  the try was rightfully denied , and no one can argue that . 
  the path to doing it ... less so . 
  it 's a pity , but it is the tone of the modern game . 
  it 's not as if he did it solely from crowd reaction - the replay showed to everyone that it was a knock on . 
  even the commentators were stunned . 
  only one corner of the stadium saw it . 
  sadly , it 'll be because the all blacks are a powerhouse who have a louder voice than fijian rugby . 
  i 'll definitely be interested to see how tonga and samoa are received though . 
  i love the traditional challenges that the pacific teams bring , but what really irks me at twickenham is swing low drowning them out . 
  yes , respond to the challenge . 
  sing your beautiful hymn , and sing it so that they hear it up in scotland . 
  but for god 's sake , sing it as a response after/before the challenge . 
  do n't shout over it like a petulant child . 
  i 've never set a flair here , but i 'll do it for this . 
  that will not be topped . 
  i was at that game , and it was magnificent . 
  but ireland are a good team , if a little inconsistent . 
  japan has never been thought of as this good . 
  hell , they lost by 80 points to us in 2011 . 
  to be completely fair , japan was trash under kirwan . 
  eddie jones came in , encouraged the selection of japanese players rather than their old reliance on has-beens from the south , and has transformed this team . 
  it 's the sort of game where people bet $ 100,000 on $ 1.01 odds , because it 's * practically * a guaranteed victory . 
  this kind of result does n't happen in rugby . 
  it 's changed everything . 
  excluding the abs because of unshakeable bias , i honestly do n't think i 've seen any team play that well before . 
  the japanese handling was perfect , the tackles were perfect , the rucking was perfect , the mauls were perfect . 
  every facet of their game was fine tuned .
