  he 'd been having this episode for 20 hours . 
  why is no one reading the article lol, 
  he was complaining about the slowness of passing legislation . 
  ** trump problem : ** laws are n't passing fast enough . 
  ** why not ? 
  : ** congress . 
  ** how do we work around this ? 
  : ** remove congress . 
  a normal person would say `` make deals with congress '' , `` alter my shitty legislation '' , or some other thing . 
  trump 's talking about forcefully changing the way congress operates , which makes this a very dangerous situation . 
  why ? 
  because the only way to change the way congress operates in a way that helps his legislative issues is to remove people who disagree with him which is unconstitutional as they have been democratically elected . 
  unless of course , he chooses to remove gerrymandered politicians , but what 're the chances of that ? 
  bold move , taunting a kid with a rotty, 
  and occasionally on toes, 
  i 've been backstage at the main stage of a small festival ( 10k or less ) several times and it 's unnerving how easy it is to get lost because everything is dark . 
  that 's in one big open warehouse room , but you do n't know where you are bc there are curtained off areas all over the place . 
  wait which 2 are you thinking , bc that 's not how mouthguards work, 
  is it not normal for the anthem singer to sing both anthems equally well at sports games in america ? 
  that 'd cause an uproar down here, 
  let 's not forger the other fucks we have to hand out too :, 
  fuck you olly, 
  fuck you tammy, 
  oh and i suppose mr. bobalives01925 would have had the balls to say no to someone who suggested olga become a saint ? 
  you 'd think that they 'd be playing dirty by keeping everyone alive so they could bill the family or the estate , rather than willingly ridding themselves of live customers . 
  this is * exactly * the sort of behaviour that results in several hundred pigeons and sparrows coated in flammable material flying home to roost in your eaves . 
  i 'm assuming this is a joke comment but how the fuck is argentina a third world country lol, 
  should n't that only matter for the driver though ? 
  i got written off by a guy with no insurance and my company paid me out the full amount 3 days later , and used debt collectors to get the money out of him . 
  because the point of a university degree taking 3 years is that you are meant to complete a range of work using a growing set of skills . 
  if you can just write the same thing 100 times , you 're not showing growth , or new knowledge , or any sort of learning . 
  the university might as well just give you your degree in the first week . 
  / u/thecolorbrown 's reply to you is the rare case where this should be allowed , because the course had been withdrawn from , and the assignment was n't counted as a part of their academic record . 
  rugby union is more rigorous than league , but they 've both stepped up their game in the last few seasons . 
  good god not a chastisement, 
  i bet you think nazis should be free to yell hate speech at people too , right ? 
  do you also think that bernie would have won ? 
  hooooly shit you 've got issues . 
  anyway her music is awesome , i do n't think she 's sacrificing much . 
  it 's * becoming * obvious , yet you were utterly predictable from the start . 
  because some papers have overlapping themes that can be answered the same way , so this is the caveat that 's put in . 
  i doubt anyone has a course selection that can be answered by one essay 100 times , but you used the exaggerated figure , so i responded to that . 
  in case you 're wondering about examples , creative writing courses could do this , as could a course about black literature in america and black history . 
  especially in the arts , a lot of subjects have very close themes . 
  copying any part of an older essay to use in a new one is usually not allowed . 
  wait what about post game thread - serious memes , you can not exclude the serious memery, 
  three, 
  three, 
  three, 
  and another one, 
  so i 'm not 100 % clear on strategy for timeouts , but if the wizards have used a whole heap of theirs in the last few minutes , does that mean their coach is panicking a bit ? 
  i saw one timeout that came in the middle of the celtics ' scoring run , and seemed to put it to an end , but the rest i ca n't figure out, 
  these pasty ass white people are so thrilled right now, 
  one of the major problems was that the most recognizable part of the ad was capitalizing on one of the most [ iconic protest photos of the last few years . 
  ] ( http://www.bearsdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/ieshia-evans.jpg ), 
  to make it worse , the woman that pepsi used in the ad spot was a white woman , while ieshia evans ( the woman in the original picture ) , was a black woman at a protest following the killings of alton sterling and philando castile by police . 
  the pepsi ad was seen to be co-opting a movement that is extremely important to the black community , and using it to sell cola . 
  the added implication that everyone getting along easily is n't so hard is also insulting , given that the original baton rouge protest occurred 10 months ago , but there 's been little progress ( not to mention a noted racist then got elected president ) . 
  then there 's also a little bit of a white saviour thing going on : kendall jenner ( or kylie , which is it ? ), 
  is a white woman who brings peace to a diverse crowd of people facing off against police . 
  your bullet points are all good , but those instances were protesters , not staged adverts . 
  you 're in for a fuckin ' treat mate, 
  out of interest , how many people do you know who would turn round and say `` i saw your sister 's twat dude !, 
  so good ! '', 
  lmao check out markieff morris leaning on that second shot like '' * really * dude '', 
  there were a bunch of people like that . 
  the most famous is a bloke who was head of security and he basically predicted a plane attack on the towers , and while a lot of people were saying to stay put , he forced them out . 
  he pops up in reddit tils every 9/11 , and he 's quite commonly referred to on this sub too . 
  * boys being boys *, 
  * locker room talk *, 
  * should n't have dressed that way *, 
  i did n't realise comey was so tall , he 's 2.03 m !, 
  monster !, 
  this guy is 83 and my 85yo grandmother with dementia speaks better than he does . 
  ca n't blame him after he 's been dragged through the muck for six months . 
  people are literally blaming him for everything , and like he said , it was n't even him - the announcement was leaked by a representative . 
  i thought he already offered to flip and they said no ? 
  nah , he was in perfect health yesterday at the cricket . 
  it 's either an abdication plan , or a brexit announcement , or nothing . 
  i am a historian !, 
  and i have no idea what you and / u/freakers are talking about , but it sounds good !, 
  the architects create the dream world , and * everything * in it , but unless they want to go to a whole heap of effort , they put you into the dreamworld as they saw you . 
  so to take the example of the poker chip with ` casnio ' on it . 
  unless the architect knows the person and their totem * really * well , that poker chip is going to appear in the dream as ` casino ' , and the person who 's dreaming can check it and go `` ok , poker chip spelling has been corrected , this is a dream . '', 
  or `` ok , spelling mistake is there , this is real or someone who knows me has architected this . '', 
  that 's why leo says that the totem has to be secret : because if it 's not , you can be exploited . 
  the bigger gun thing is a dick joke . 
  she did a lot of good deeds in a very public fashion , and it 's well known that she suffered a lot when she joined the royal family . 
  the dude attended official functions 110 times last year . 
  he spent 1/3rd of the year , doing shit as a royal presence . 
  i hope when i 'm 95 i have that energy , although i 'd like to spend it somewhat differently . 
  i saw a redditor describe it earlier as ` decriminalising rape ' because some of the thousands of women ( and men ) who are sexually assaulted will be even more reluctant to report it . 
  man , fuck that dude , and all the other fans like that . 
  this dude is way too old to be climbing chairs and shit at half time , look at this motherfucker , he 's already panting, 
  bitch , there is a geriatric on 5m high stack of chairs and he just lost his health insurance you worried about jinxing the god damn wizards ? 
  you best not move or this man 's medical bills are on you, 
  lmao i ca n't help but think the quickest way down here is to just knock the bottom one and catch him, 
  easier than climbing down tbh, 
  fuck this man has no fear, 
  surely being an acrobat counts as a preexisting condition too,
