  this is france . 
  they beat us in ' 07 , then lost by 20 to argentina in the 3rd/4th . 
  they give up once it does n't matter . 
  same in the '99 final . 
  well everytime you reply to me , it 's non-sensical , shit-stirring , or both . 
  and i always get downvoted to 0 . 
  so yeah , trolling . 
  cricket . 
  lol , the highest score of the tournament could be in the knockouts . 
  it 's seen as cheap points here , which is silly . 
  i guess we like tries more . 
  his head was gashed open and pissing blood , you can see it when he 's sitting on the bench later . 
  it was n't from the fist though . 
  well that 's silly . 
   it was n't from the fist though . 
  oscar wilde , william yeats , james joyce . 
  to which we answer with katherine mansfield , eleanor catton , and lorde . 
  there 's a video above . 
  his head got cut when a french player tried to drive through and he was in the way . 
  got a boot to the forehead . 
  rokocoko had that spin too , which tricked everyone , then they caught on . 
  definitely hampered his effectiveness a bit , and he started offloading more . 
  got a link ? 
  he has the same number of games for the crusaders as for the all blacks though - important to remember that while he does get rested , it 's not often and he plays an active role . 
  he is the captain there too . 
  up all night for qf 1 and 2 , and got a three hour nap earlier . 
  need to work at 9:30 , but i want to watch ireland . 
  what do ? 
  please do . 
  i actually think the last couple of years , he 's been just as good but in a different fashion . 
  rather than running like in the lions tour , he now looks for more tactical short moves which will create space for other players . 
  it 's a more mature , confident game . 
  almost as if he 's thinking `` i have this whole back line i can work with , and i do n't need to try it all myself . '', 
   the most obvious example last night was that scrum he awarded to nz after 3 or four of their players just dived on top of the ruck and stopped it coming out . 
  was this the maul that collapsed ? 
  if so , that was explained by both nigel and the commentators . 
  also , he pinged heaps of offsides and bad ruck joining in the nz v. france game today . 
  i guess it 's like you 're doing half the work , then taking a 3 without the other team doing anything wrong . 
  shit , the irish are playing like the welsh did against australia . 
  all forward work , and not spreading it wide enough , only trying to barge through . 
  also lol @ argie droppie, 
  / u/prog87 yeah but defence does n't get you points , and there should have been heap with the yellow cards :(, 
  you were saying ... haha, 
  the argentinian front row look like hunchbacked disney villains . 
  from memory they were told to use ball , and then it collapsed . 
  apparently the rule is that if you do n't use it after being told to , and then it gets killed , the ball goes to the other team . 
  argies get the put in to the scrum and it comes off perfectly . 
  because they 've done that and they 're less successful than the individual parts . 
  ( or were . ), 
  it 's not prevention of a try , it 's called an intentional knock on , and it applies when a player deliberately fouls ( knocks on ) , to disrupt play . 
  it does n't matter if it happens 5m from the try line or 95m , it 's a yellow card . 
  maitland knows it too , so he knew the risk he was taking . 
  i think it 's also a case of the game style and how they handle it . 
  i 've said it already on this sub , but the team i was most disappointed with from the nh was wales . 
  when australia had 13 men , wales continued to drive forward , and were n't able to score , because they did n't utilise the backs . 
  when scotland were down to 14 , australia got a try . 
  when nz were down to 13 , they gave away two penalties ( for the yellow card infringements ) , but they also brought the game back to the argentinian half and got a penalty there . 
  adapting the game play is incredibly important , and i did n't see wales do it at all . 
  i also felt like ireland had the same problem against argentina . 
  that 's why i was more disappointed with wales than with england . 
  england were in a tough pool , and they got outplayed by one team , and beaten by their own bad decision for another . 
  but wales spent 10 minutes making bad decisions , and could n't capitalise , * and then * they went and lost a lineout near the end , just like england the week before . 
  also , wales were just incredibly ill disciplined . 
  gifting points is far worse than being outclassed . 
  yellow card was perfectly justified . 
  the final penalty is touchy . 
  top comment sums it up perfectly . 
  but my alternative point of view is that if it had n't been penalized , it was a scrum for a scottish knock on . 
  if it was a scrum , there was nothing to stop australia dropping it to foley out deep for a drop goal = same result . 
  but the thread is about last world cup ? 
  unfortunately that already happens . 
  bryce lawrence quit refereeing in 2012 because he refused to go to sa after receiving death threats . 
  [ except he did n't . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/rugbyunion/comments/3p98jp/nice_refresher_on_joubert_2011_rwc_performance/cw48vwk ), 
  wayne smith did do that though in his proposal to the nzru to keep henry , hansen , and smith as the coaching team . 
  apparently he went through and pointed out every error made by barnes , and there were a lot ( 15 + ) of them . 
  off the scottish # 7 first , forward . 
  off phipps ' chest ( unintentional ) / shoulder ( unintentional ) , and potentially off his wrist ( marginal intentional ) . 
  so it should have been either a penalty , or a scrum , in which case foley gets a drop goal . 
  the other alternative was for scotland to win their god damned line out . 
  crockett would n't be a huge loss even if we had to call in gerry brownlee . 
  that 's clearly not being shown at full speed . 
  there is no way that took 4 seconds . 
  looks like he 's trying to stop after chasing at speed . 
  you 're so unpleasant every time you comment . 
  he moves his hand for the ball , but it does n't hit his lower arms which is the standard for a knock on , and thus should be the standard for playing at the ball . 
  or , you know , they could have not fucked their lineout . 
  can you link a video ? 
  from the one i saw ( which i ca n't find anymore ) , maitland stuck out his hand with the hope of an intercept , but no chance of actually getting it . 
  the ball went directly down , and as a radio host in nz said today , `` he was only in that position to intentionally disrupt , otherwise he 'd have been marking the player and tackling . '', 
  except scotland did n't get fucked over by the ref . 
  they fucked a line-out and put themselves into that situation . 
  the referee then followed the rules of the tournament , which made him unable to use the tmo , and ruled based on what he had seen - which was the ball going into a mess of players and being picked up by a scotsman who was still retreating from the line-out . 
  the decision joubert made was right , because it was the only decision he could reasonably make with the resources available to him : his one off look at the incident . 
  if you watched it and instantly thought `` hang on !, 
  that bounced backwards off phipps , so it 's not offside !, 
  '' , then congratulations on your vision . 
  if you had to rewind it , or see a replay , then you were afforded more options than the ref . 
  while we 're on the subject , the yellow card was also correctly given , and to argue that is to grasp at straws . 
  lastly , `` there are other ways of scoring than tries '' is a very true statement , but unfortunately those ways ( penalties ) do n't have any relevance because they are n't down to the skill of scotland .
