  these are the same people that said that free speech was inalienable . 
  these are the same people that defended neo-nazi hate speech and asked for debate rather than revilement . 
  these are the same people that said jim jefferies and larry wilmore were infringing on free speech by telling milo and piers to fuck off . 
  now , these people are either infringing on milo 's free speech , or they are accepting that some speech has no place in civilised society . 
  some of them might be , but there 's most definitely a group of people there who are paedophiles . 
  the fact that pokemon go was the most played app in the world for a few weeks and * only * had gen 1 would suggest that nostalgia is a pretty strong drawcard , and that most people do n't care about anything beyond what they knew as a kid . 
  you , a diehard fan , might , but * most * people goes outside the extreme fanbase and includes casual . 
  you realise they can do both , right ? 
   trump cancels the 2020 election , refuses to leave the white house . 
  when they attempt to remove him , he launches an icbm at dc , and escapes to mar-a-lago ( southern white house ), 
  trump would forget about the icbm when he saw a maga hat on the way to the airport and jumped out to shake hands and take selfies . 
  the icbm would kill trump , and the next ranking member of the united states government would become president - mitch mcconnell , still locked in stationery position in a small townhall in kentucky after a woman tore into him for losing coal jobs and healthcare for her family in 2017 . 
  if americans just sorted out those huge fucking gaps in the cubicles , none of this would be necessary . 
  i 'm 99 % sure there is a movie where this happens too . 
  or a tv episode . 
  i would never say `` if i were black '' , but i 'm the sort of person that will call you out for dropping a slur in conversation , or being casually racist , etc. 
  i would n't give a fuck about this shirt . 
   fellow republican senator sylvia allen added : `` i have been heartsick with what 's been going on in our country , what young people are being encouraged to do . '', 
  [ she 's the president pro-tempore of the arizona state senate . 
   she is a republican member of the arizona state senate where she is president pro tempore . 
  allen is also a proponent of the chemtrail conspiracy theory . 
  her son got into trouble while working at a women 's jail ( read : he was having sexual relations with inmates , or sexually assaulting them ) . 
  she decided to suppress that . 
   during her tenure as a county supervisor , allen was said to have attempted to interfere with an internal investigation into the conduct of her son-in-law , a detention officer , with female inmates in the navajo county jail , where he worked . 
  allen is also a mormon who takes the bible literally :, 
   allen said the world was `` 6,000 years old . '', 
  so do horses work because there 's a lot more motion ? 
  this is why you carry a trashbag for babies at all times . 
  if this happens , stick them in it with a spare tshirt over the bag to keep it up around the collar ( without choking them ) , and then contain all the filth, 
  you 're talking about politicians who actively attempt to make voting more difficult or unpalatable for certain groups , while screeching about voter fraud threatening democracy . 
  my black friend explained this to me once , and i 've seen the answer given by a few rappers in interviews too . 
  basically , status symbol , like other commenters replied . 
  but more importantly , it comes down to economic status . 
  if you 're a poor african american kid growing up , having a car like that shows you 've made it . 
  those older cars , they 're status symbols in themselves from a historical perspective . 
  but when you have money , you want to show it , so a flashy car , a nice sound system , jewellery ( grills , rings , necklaces , a chain ( or even 2 ) ) all show that you have wealth . 
  tldr : `` when you had nothing , you want to show now that you got something '', 
  does your name have any relevance to this ? 
  great try . 
  glad i tuned in at half time , because it sounds like the brumbies are just firing now !, 
  shit , the brumbies have a few kiwis ae ? 
  anyone else apart from mayhew and hawera ? 
  it shits me that he has an all blacks berth because he gives away too many penalties , and there are far better props . 
  why do n't you like taking the time if there 's no imminent threat ? 
  edit : i 'm actually quite angry that i 've been downvoted to hell on all my comments here . 
  i was only hoping to see whether there was an alternative method to dealing to mentally ill people . 
  apparently patience is wasted because there are other people to help . 
  maybe there needs to be a different law enforcement force to deal with these situations . 
  trained to handle mentally ill people , rather than just `` slapping cuffs on them '' . 
  oh no , that 's completely fair . 
  i think officer safety is definitely important . 
  my reasoning is that to someone having an episode ( of whatever illness ) , handcuffs could be seen as a threat and perceived far differently to what you or i would see them as . 
  and it seems to me that the actions needed to get handcuffs on would pose a higher risk of injury to a mentally ill person than to a healthy person because they might struggle more . 
  and you ca n't just say `` well the guy in the psychotic break should n't struggle '' because that 's like telling a baby not to cry . 
  it 's a difficult situation . 
  hillary chose ellison ? 
  hi there , welcome to scandinavia !, 
  yes , but socialist in the american sense just seems to mean that a state provides healthcare , education , and welfare to it 's population . 
  which the scandinavian countries do . 
  which new zealand does . 
  which several other successful countries do . 
  it 's ok to love the social welfare state . 
  in fact , it 's beneficial . 
   and no , ** i do n't care if trump wins another term ** due to the continued incompetence of a center-right third way party . 
  ** i 'd rather stand for my convictions and help prop up the increase of young left-wing activism ** that 's forming around us, 
  so basically , you do n't care what trump 's wh does to women , minorities , the lgbt community , or sick people , so long as your convictions are sound . 
  go you !, 
  pretty sure they 're all just libertarians now . 
   yes , but socialist in the american sense just seems to mean that a state provides healthcare , education , and welfare to it 's population . 
  again , this is the standard for socialism in america . 
  the dude 's a berniebro . 
  he was never talking about socialism in the way you were . 
  he 's just talking about social welfare . 
  he just wanted bernie in charge , and worker rights . 
  they sell dragon cock dildos which are literally bigger than an average person 's forearm . 
  they 're fucking ridiculous . 
  yeah exactly , and i do n't think that police departments should slash budgets in other areas like equipment or vehicles to do this . 
  so i 'd say government funding - whether federal or state - is the solution in america . 
  we always have 2-3 jars of these . 
  use them in everything . 
  salad ? 
  olives on top . 
  stew or casserole ? 
  chuck some olives in there . 
  want a snack ? 
  here 's a spoon , get some olives . 
  so when 2020 rolls around , will you hold out for someone you agree with 100 % , or will you go with the best choice to knock out trump , even if they 're only 60 % in agreement with you ? 
  i 'm not saying you ditch your beliefs , i 'm saying you need to find someone with a common foundation to you and build off of that . 
  maybe they like corporate donations and you do n't , but you both agree that civil rights should be extended to lgbt and that education should be free . 
  do you just ditch that person and keep looking , or do you vote for them and lobby them to change their view on the corporate donations ? 
  the op said that he did n't care if trump got a second term so long as he felt secure in how he voted . 
  to me that 's abhorrent . 
  trump is systematically dismantling constitutional rights and threatens the safety of millions of people in the us alone , and hundreds of millions more globally . 
  every single person who considers them to the left of the political spectrum should be united in trying to remove trump from the presidency . 
  the op is being selfish if he puts himself before the millions who are threatened beside him . 
  literally why people joke about scrotums looking like chicken skin, 
  assuming america :, 
  * stop the wall , and there 's a whole heap . 
  * raise taxes on earners over $ 250k . 
  * federal taxes on marijuana .
