  do n't worry about that ! '', 
  yeah he 's always like that , piping up about race at the slightest mention ! '', 
  not denied access , but because m\u0101ori are disproportionately worse off than p\u0101keh\u0101 in economic terms , their education is n't as high quality as wealthier areas . 
  our schools are all rated in a decile system . 
  decile 9 & 10 schools are the best : highest quality equipment , education , etc. 
  auckland grammar , where graham henry coached and taught , is a decile 9 ( they should be a 10 but some schools drop their level to get more funding ) , and [ christchurch boy 's high ( dan carter , aaron mauger , many other abs ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christchurch_boys%27_high_school#rugby_union ) is a decile 10 . 
  at the other end of the scale , [ we have schools like wesley college . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wesley_college,_auckland#sport ) wesley college is a decile 1 . 
  that represents the lowest socio-economic classification for schools . 
  look through the list of rugby players on that page , and you 'll see that it 's an overwhelmingly polynesian set of names . 
  another one is de la salle college , also decile 1 , and with a large m\u0101ori and pacific island population . 
  so while all children have the right to education , not all education is equal . 
  a decile 1 will struggle to have the same quality of teacher as a decile 10 , while a decile 10 will also be able to get more funding via fundraising because their students are generally from wealthier backgrounds . 
  likewise , if you 're rich , you 're more likely to be able to pay for a better education , and this perpetuates the cycle . 
  this also means that later on , higher education is less probable for those students from lower decile schools . 
  were n't we up by even more than that though because oracle had negative points ? 
  there 's a kid in a warriors singlet behind the cheerleader too , but you do n't see his reaction, 
  but if op insists on using numbered-world then second world is accurate . 
  jesus christ how does this stupidity still occur . 
  * everyone * who is not a trump supporter recognises that he is a proponent of lies and propaganda . 
  yet he spouts off a whole heap of shit about hillary and it 's suddenly true ? 
  no they are n't !, 
  they 're just standing up for men 's rights in world dominated by radical pussy powered bra burning feminism !!, 
  somewhat ironically , hillary won with voters who earn over $ 200k . 
  she won every age group from 18-44 in the election . 
  young people liked her . 
  check now, 
  how come bear grylls is a joke ? 
  i 've never watched any of his stuff and only know about him through the drinking his own piss thing, 
  legitimately , that 's the bullet . 
  it 's never the big thing , it 's the little connections . 
  like clinton and the blowjob , but impeached for perjury . 
  al capone and lots of murders , but went down for tax evasion . 
  was n't nixon worse off because he lied about the lot too ? 
  there was a report the other day that figured by expanding the purview of the intelligence agencies , obama allowed them greater co-operation which would prevent their being misused by a future administration . 
  in other words , he gave them the power to do more with what they had , but prevented that being abused by government . 
  the report also pointed out that in the intelligence community , respecting the privacy of citizens is a big thing . 
  like do no harm is to doctors big . 
  which kind of makes sense when you remember that intel people are citizens too , and they have families . 
  privacy matters . 
  i think rather 's referring to watergate as a 9 precisely because the process was followed , and they did n't know where it would come out . 
  retrospectively , we know scotus limited the executive . 
  at the time , they did n't . 
  they were coming up to a decision where everything would be decided , and that was the crisis . 
  avoiding the worries about creating stateless people by stripping citizenship from people who do n't have dual arrangements , there 's a bigger question here : who defines the terrorists ? 
  because at the moment , a large part of america could probably agree that the ku klux klan constitutes a terrorist group , and the same could be applied to a number of nationalist groups around the us , as well as those weird militant groups that like to seize national park buildings and claim them as their own independent state . 
  then there 's all those groups the fbi keeps tabs on . 
  problem is , you ca n't just turn around and declare a large number of hicks to be terrorists and revoke their citizenship because that makes them martyrs for their cause . 
  this came up yesterday with the nytimes article about contact with the russians , and i do n't understand it at all . 
  the nyt based their article on leaks and information and evidence right ? 
  so logically that means that last year , they did n't have the information and evidence and leaks that proved all of this . 
  whose fault is that ? 
  sure as fuck not the fault of the nyt . 
  australia is the short game . 
  the long game is south america into north america . 
  even in that video , he is so caught up he nearly says `` putin has no respect for that woman '' and quickly changes it to `` for that person '' . 
  angelina jolie has probably seen a lot of shit too , working with the un . 
  not to the same degree , but a lot . 
  also his wife is an immigrant from the old soviet union , so there are connections there . 
  but most of all , he 's a father , and i think that with the amount of money he and mila have , and the connections that they can make through their jobs and the events they attend , they 're doing what a lot of people would do if they had access to those means . 
  i wonder if there 's a bit more of a sinister angle to republicans falling in line . 
  take john mccain for instance . 
  i 've seen several instances that suggest to me he is an upstanding person , and that his only shortcoming is being a republican and toeing the line . 
  now if he 's a good person ( albeit with a few old fashioned values that should be gone by now ) , and by and large says the right thing , why does he vote along party lines rather than dissenting ? 
  answer one is that mccain left his balls somewhere in 2008 after he lost his presidential run , and has succumbed to the position of whipping boy until retirement . 
  but the second reason , which i think may have some credence , is that he sees the threat posed to the republican party by the sort of nonsense we 've had recently . 
  he thinks that if he steps out too strongly , he could be removed by the tea party ( he is re-elected this year ) and someone worse could be elected in his place . 
  whereas if he sticks around until the elections , he can resist for 6 years , and better yet , he can help rebuild a republican party when it all turns to shit . 
  remember that he has been a key part of bi-partisan efforts in the past , and has n't showed any evidence of suddenly becoming a trump fan . 
  those leaks from the intelligence committee ? 
  who are they from ? 
  this needs to be repeated constantly . 
  we ca n't let people dismiss sexism in politics because hillary lost the white women vote . 
  giving milo a platform to say whatever hate he feels like is n't the solution either . 
  at some point you have to say `` ok , well that 's just simply unacceptable , we do n't want you . '', 
  it 's ok though bc it 's not in his basement lol, 
  divide by 5 , multiply by 8 . 
  the gop wants everyone to have voter id cards , but they do n't want to supply them . 
  people do n't need voter id . 
   maybe on fox, 
  he 's on fox . 
  so yes really . 
  or told dt to get bannon the fuck out, 
  see we used to think of those things , and the amazing stuff they produced . 
  then we also thought of florida , rednecks , & the people at walmart , and we laughed . 
  now you 've elected someone from the second group into the first group and none of it makes any fucking sense, 
  same here . 
  we had the lectures twice weekly , and the tutorials . 
  if you did n't show up to 7/10 tutorials , you were in trouble . 
  one lecturer actually took attendance in her lectures then got in touch with students who did n't come to see if they were ok . 
  but / u/kiwi-fool should also get the chocolate fish they make bc they 're bloody mean, 
  raped a kid , be lucky if he makes it out . 
  it 's a satirical website that is laughing at the idea of sports stars as role models . 
  the creator of the site created and registered the civilian political party at the last election , was given funding for electoral ads , and proceeded to create an ad with said funding . 
  the user you 're replying to clearly does n't appreciate satire , or the democratic process . 
  what does a/b/c translate to as percentages in america , because i think the system in my country is quite different, 
  aussies are just like anyone else . 
  the port arthur killer tried to commit suicide because people were torturing him to within an inch of his life . 
  they did n't kill him because he was removed from gen pop . 
  it was .
