  their failure to swear the oath says that that is their stance too . 
  some people take oaths seriously , and would n't take an oath they did n't agree with . 
  how is sitting in westminster more legitimate than any other way ? 
  because 160,000 people voted for sinn fein in the 7 seats they won , and i suspect those people care about the illegitimacy of british occupation . 
  did corbyn go have a beer with the daily stormer afterward ? 
  dup lads did . 
  i did n't have any luck with their email system either , so i went through their [ twitter profile ] ( https://twitter.com/nzpost ) . 
  give that one a go , might be quicker to get an answer . 
  they 're referring to his meeting with ira members to discuss peace talks twenty years or more ago . 
  no , because it adds mps relative to population so the representation is always proportionate . 
  it 's the same argument that was made in the united states about ` coastal and city elites ' having more of a say . 
  but cities like new york and los angeles have enormous populations ( 8m and 4m respectively i think ) , while a middle america city like oklahoma city has only 620k people , and the entire state only has 4m . 
  so theoretically los angeles should have the same amount of representation as oklahoma , because they have the same population . 
  they can literally say `` if you put abortion on the table , we walk '' and then the tories have to have another election because they wo n't be able to pass legislation . 
  that 's ... pretty much it . 
  sorry that rational thought does n't work for you . 
  feel free to explain where i 'm wrong on anything in that comment . 
  supporting palestine is not support for terrorism . 
  just as support for a united ireland is not support for terrorism . 
  this is some balls to the wall positivity and i love it, 
  funny that they 'd do something like that to a force that brought in artillery and shelled them for ... what ? 
  a claim to land that was a thousand miles from home and had no connection to them ? 
  it does n't sever the link between mp and constituency though : you still have your local mp , but it gives you representation in parliament through the party vote if you live in a safe seat of the other parties . 
  i do n't imagine that a working class immigrant living in a tory seat feels very represented right now , but if they had a party vote then they would still have a voice of sorts . 
  i live in a national seat but vote labour/greens , and my party vote still counts for something . 
  if it did n't , i do n't know how often i 'd vote to be honest . 
  of course they are . 
  but there are the fringe groups that still want to see the north wholly separate from ireland , or wholly joined . 
  there are the vigilante killings that still occur from time to time . 
  the dup is involved with some of those fringe groups ( a bloke posted a comment last night linking dup factions to supporting ethnic cleansing in the north ) . 
  so if a wall was to go up on the border , it would split families , make travel harder , and would effectively make two separate countries . 
  symbolically , it makes the north foreign to the republic . 
  in reality , it fucks the good friday agreement . 
  the eu said they want to avoid this , but the dup is making stupid claims about no special status for the north . 
  my comment about war was in direct response to splitting belfast though . 
  i do n't know how much you know about belfast , but the city has already been heavily split for decades . 
  there are huge walls between protestant and catholic neighbourhoods to keep make it harder for violence to occur . 
  i think there are gates around the place , but they shut at night ? 
  but now imagine that as a border wall . 
  you 'd need to be constantly staffed . 
  but not just with customs agents : you 'd need cops or military , because this is a city where they already have walls to prevent violence . 
  so now the city which everyone strived to get into peace mode has an enormous fence running through it , with barbed wire , and armed guards . 
  and both groups are going to look at that fence and say `` why the fuck is that there , this is our country and those other fucks should n't be here anyway ! '', 
  from there it 's a snowball effect . 
  who knows who 'd start it off , but when it did , everyone 'd be back in . 
  all of a sudden we just lost all our current beach access, 
  about fucking time . 
  it 's disheartening to see the news every 3 months that someone raped a too drunk/passed out person , and that they get away with it because there 'd been a mite of flirting beforehand . 
  i know a fair bit about it . 
  she has n't restarted them yet , but the combination of the dup , their hard brexit stance for northern ireland , and the tories need for support in government does mean that the likelihood of the conflict restarting has leaped up compared to where it was three days ago . 
  northern ireland is governed in a power sharing arrangement . 
  in january of this year , the dup had the first minister ( arlene foster ) , and sinn fein had the deputy first minister ( martin mcguinness ) . 
  sinn fein alleged corruption in a government scheme , and martin mcguinness stepped down as deputy first minister . 
  sinn fein said that they would not replace him , and as the law requires the ni government to have both positions filled by a member of each party ( to fulfill the power sharing condition ) , parliament was forced to dissolve and hold a new election . 
  the new election was held in march , and a government has n't been formed yet . 
  * if a member stands in an electorate and on the list , they can be returned to parliament when their electorate did n't want them . 
  * if a party does n't reach the 5 % threshold and wins no electorate , they wo n't be represented in parliament , even if they get 4.99 % of the vote ( for an idea , the greens got 10 % in 2014 which was 250k votes , so 5 % is 125k and a substantial number ) . 
  this could be fixed by lowering the threshhold slightly - i think most people suggest 4 % . 
  * tactical voting . 
  while it 's brilliant , it also allows sketchy behaviour like act in epsom dragging in more mps on the coattails . 
  but this depends where you sit . 
  i quite like the tac vote , and i ca n't think of a fair way around this . 
  * the party list is controlled by the party . 
  this is a hard one to fix with legislation i believe , but the parties can do it themselves : e.g. 
  the greens allow people to vote for their list . 
  then again , this also leads to threads like the other week where some idiots were complaining about golriz and chlo\u00eb getting high list placements with no experience . 
  * there 's also a fear that ` the tail wags the dog ' , meaning that minority parties get given too much power by the system . 
  i find that this is usually trotted out by old farts who miss national taking 40 % of the vote and 80 % of the seats . 
  [ one way of putting it . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/el4jc/status/873188501990371330 ), 
  i 'm not sure you understand how british politicians get their jobs . 
  they get elected by the people , who also voted for corbyn to be leader . 
  i do n't see how experience or professional opinions matter at all after the people 's vote . 
  filthy !, 
  should be a red card , you ca n't just take out your own teammates off the ball !, 
  the opposition front row were standing up lol, 
  ( please watch a replay , the props and hooker were literally vertical and on their feet ), 
  fuck , `` it 's the lions that lead at half time for the first time on tour . '', 
  god i forgot about that try and the uproar it created on here !, 
  you lost to our worst one mid-week though ? 
  he sounded fine to me , but i was only half listening . 
  what was salty ? 
  the dup said that their condition was no special eu status for the north . 
  that would be a hard brexit , would it not ? 
  a complete cut of eu ties for the six counties . 
  mps = elected by the people/the electorate . 
  leader = elected by members of the labour party . 
  so the job of the mps is not affected by the leader , it 's affected by the people and how they choose to vote . 
  edit : [ here is a helpful graph on casualties and deaths during the troubles ] ( http://www.wesleyjohnston.com/users/ireland/charts/troubles_deaths_by_status_organisation.gif ) . 
  it basically shows what i tried to explain below . 
  there 's a slight distinction : the deaths during the troubles included just over a thousand members of the british security forces ( military , police , ruc , etc ) , while civilian deaths were around 1900 . 
  the remaining 500 or so were from the paramilitary groups . 
  most counts put ira victims at ~ 1800 , meaning they were responsible for about 800 civilian deaths along with the 1k british forces . 
  the remaining 1100 civilian deaths were the victims of the loyalist groups ( reprisals for ira actions ) and the british army ( incidents like bloody sunday , falsely identified ira members , and the other murky incidents ) . 
  so while the ira saw themselves fighting a war , and most definitely were responsible for an indefensible number of civilian deaths , the loyalists were for the most part vigilantes who targeted catholic civilians regardless of their status . 
  and you 're guaranteed an english team getting out of the pools , as well as a victory !, 
  fun fact which is probably irrelevant : 5.4 m public sector employees in 2016 , and 24.5 m private . 
  so 1/6th is employed by the government . 
  in response to your comment : the people vote for mps . 
  mps follow the leader .
