  when will reddit start to read for context . 
   i would 've liked somebody who at very least sounded like they knew the games competitive history and actually shows the fruits of studying the culture and meta and stuff . 
  this is what the panel is for . 
  not his fault that they 're unable to have a conversation without prompting . 
  ok so what struck me here was the scale . 
  mountains big . 
  cool . 
  lake big . 
  cool . 
  trees small . 
  wait what . 
  how big are those trees on the right ? 
  because they look like they 'd be pretty big . 
  but then you look across to the left , and there 's a slope of scree there that is towering over the trees . 
  then there 's the width of the lake because of that , and then i realised how monumentally tall those mountains are . 
  anyway now i need to go lie down because my brain hurts . 
  just take a kid man , give it to them , then buy them ice cream after to get the ball back . 
  could be a pun . 
  deer/dear into `` do n't forget me dear '' or more poetically `` forget me not my dear '', 
  possibly because australia has been fucking over kiwis living there quite a bit ? 
  that 's funny , because i 'm the opposite of you !, 
  i play comp ow only ( fiend for those points ) , and losing can be really frustrating . 
  but in pubg i lose ... 
  i think about why i lost ( stream snipers ) ... and i start a new game . 
  there 's nothing riding on a game of pubg except my adrenaline , and too much of that might kill me , so really , choking in the opening phase of the game might save my life !, 
  buuut , can you cancel it so you 're standing on top of the wall ? 
  really important imo . 
  will let you access more spots . 
  you 're taking the wrong approach to this . 
  you should n't have been banned . 
  the solution is n't to get grimmz punished , it 's to get you and apology . 
  there is an indicator ... it 's the bar over the map changing from a timer to an !, 
  again, 
  that 's part of the strategy of the game ... force people into the blue , and avoid getting forced in yourself . 
  i misinterpreted you then . 
  but the issue in this case is n't celebs getting different treatment . 
  it 's you getting mistreated . 
   `` if i gave you a bowl of skittles and told you three would give you mild heartburn , would you still eat them ? '', 
  at that point i 'd probably say fuck it and pour the whole bowl in in one go . 
  a lot of people want blm to know their place too . 
  `` we had a black president , racism is dead so get back in line '', 
  what you got ta knock cookies for man, 
  yeah ... but when does it happen ? 
  it does n't happen in the middle of the circle shrinking does it ? 
   maybe not , that sounds riske . 
  i do n't know if this is meant to be risky or risque and i 'm taking it as both, 
  will do it for eight ? 
  which part of the us government signing a treaty and then reneging on it because they found gold did you misunderstand ? 
  cheers , will give it a look, 
  cops are regularly deployed with military grade weaponry and equipment . 
  what 's the difference , really ? 
  like it 's a perfectly legitimate thing to say , but when you 're entertaining a delusional fear that your kids will be overrun by other cultures , it becomes really bad because the unspoken part of it is '' ... at the expense of the other people 's kids . '', 
  i agree entirely . 
  i also wonder whether it 'd be nicer to have army people pointing a tank at me , or police people . 
  i 'm thinking , and i may be wrong , that army personnel are more likely to have more training . 
  90 % of people do n't understand that you ca n't refute illogical arguments with logic . 
  `` the earth is flat . '', 
  refute that and make a flat earther believe otherwise . 
  you ca n't . 
  they will claim that science is an illusory tactic . 
  the same applies to the nazi argument . 
  their logic is founded in flawed science . 
  they will cling to it , and will not be reasoned with . 
  reasoning with nazis and letting them continue on with their lives is how world war ii happened . 
  right , so i refer back to this :, 
   it 's the bar over the map changing from a timer to an !, 
  again, 
  i sort of get your point , but dual citizenship is naturally given to some people . 
  you ca n't avoid it . 
  it 's hardly a conflict to be born in america while your parents work there and then to hold dual citizenship with america and the country of your parents ' birth . 
  i could follow your argument if it was a case like mine where i 'm entitled to irish citizenship , but had to apply to get it . 
  but by birth ? 
  might be easier to say `` key or ra '', 
  less pedanticism , more getting him to counter his own argument and realise . 
  check out their comments . 
  it 's like a cult . 
  halfway through the thread the top comment starts you 'll find someone saying something like `` these fucking muslims think they can ruin america ! '', 
  and there 's a reply from someone saying `` agreed sharon !, 
  good morning by the way , how are the dogs ? '', 
  i do n't know if it 's bots , or people , but it 's creepy as fuck . 
  why the fuck not ? 
  t&c s prohibit that behaviour . 
  there 's a reason nazis are banned in germany . 
  one is a deprivation of rights ( refusing gay people equal status ) , while the other is refusing to accomodate people who want to deprive others of rights . 
  nothing on that page calls for the murder of police or rioting . 
  they ask for people to protest and commit acts of civil disobedience to bring awareness to the issues facing black americans . 
  point is that if you remove their platform , they ca n't talk , they ca n't organise , they have to ( a ) meet up in public or ( b ) give up . 
  b is a lot easier for the majority than a. 
  uh huh . 
  i assume you 've got proof of that that you 're about to show me , right ? 
  especially when they 're both on the same runway - chances are they 're even run by the same people and it 's false competition . 
  they 're not rioting and killing people though . 
  they do n't claim the support of the president . 
  thanks . 
  looks like they 're on the same level . 
  do you think they should have their site hosting revoked when it does n't contain anything similar to what 's in those links ? 
   it also should be said that this law was written specifically to prevent the kkk from gathering in hoods in public . 
  b-b-but muh free assembly !, 
  the baby !, 
  the staple goes in the baby !,
