  it 's still a good thing , because it means the aclu is able to retain its funds for the fight , while the taxpayers are essentially paying for a court case against the government . 
  it 's win/win if you 're not a trump fan . 
  ok ease up . 
  i hate trump as much as the next person , but do you not think he 's ** possibly ** had a bit on his plate this week ? 
  your comment and your flair are confusing me so i 'm just gon na post parrots . 
  [ ] ( #upcongaparrot ), 
  [ ] ( #upcongaparrot ), 
  [ ] ( #upcongaparrot ), 
  edit : can anyone help me with the right hand side of my art ?? 
  i 'm kind of disappointed , because on the one hand , the left guy is wearing proper pants , but he has a boring jacket . 
  the right guy has got a great jacket , but jeans . 
  fuck , either or tbh . 
  and i know it 's of his own making , but if he 's forgetting shit because he has so much to deal with , i 'm gon na be howling . 
  this is v v true . 
  oh my lord, 
   not equalizing the most blatant human rights violations of some me countries . 
  tbh this is true . 
  you just ca n't equalise some things , like a man being dragged alive behind a pick up truck for three miles until he gets decapitated when his head hit an obstacle . 
  all because of his skin colour . 
  or pistol whipping a man , torturing him , and tying him to a fence post to die . 
  because of who he wants to fuck . 
  ever heard of not attacking russia in winter ? 
  what do you think the finns made their nokias out of ? 
  looks about as nice as / r/atheism . 
  i think this is probably an american catholic thing , tapping in to the conservatism that 's present with most christian denominations in the states . 
  catholics outside the us plainly have different ideas as other replies show . 
   whether i want a child and how i wish to obtain one ( adopt/natural birth ) . 
  i 'm glad that you 've narrowed it down to these two relatively safe options . 
  i 'd be worried if you had `` pick one up outside the local school on friday afternoon '' still on that list !, 
  did you link the same pic for 2015/2016 ? 
  ah i see , 2015 was the year they skipped . 
  yo just tuned in , is the score reflective of the game or are the cavs taking it easy ? 
  holy fuck ok then, 
  they just said horford for three but the score only went from 99 to 101 ? 
  replay says it was n't , hope they fix that, 
  fuck i thought they were going to sink a 3 and end it , this is crazy . 
  #### oh my god, 
  give that man the game ball and coat it in gold, 
  seems extreme , it 's not like zaza 's gon na go kneecap his own kids, 
  damn lol this was +10 , guess gsw woke up, 
  ok so this comment was insanely on point, 
  ### sixgamesandafinal, 
  ignoring the main event here , ivanka 's little speech in that video sounds exactly like the sort of speech you would hear in game of thrones , or some other medieval/monarchial setting , where a member of a royal or noble family gives a speech . 
  she does n't refer to ` the president ' , but ` my father ' ; she mentions the administration , but also says ` my family ' . 
  those are n't the political keywords of america - they 're the political phrasings of countries where one person is supreme over the rest of government . 
  that 's the point though , is n't it ? 
  even on mj 's shittiest team , he was better overall than lebron . 
  i was just thinking that i was sure i 'd seen this work in pirates of the caribbean , but i was n't sure how accurate disney would be . 
  i think it 's different tbh . 
  tillerson can be read two ways : loyal to america but inexperienced in the job so he did n't know how to act without offending lavrov ( this also goes with the idea that i 've seen mentioned that tillerson is being kept in the dark by the admin ) ; or , tillerson knew what happened to comey , knew it was coming , was complicit in lavrov 's action . 
  either way , why would he say something ? 
  erdogan and his goons on the other hand , is a massive problem . 
  american citizens were attacked on american soil by foreign nationals with diplomatic immunity . 
  ordinarily , that would result in the fns having immunity waived by their home nation so that that charges could be laid . 
  instead , erdogan 's turned this into an incident : he 's summoned the ambassador , implying the us has something to answer for , and he 's taken his people home , with no consequence . 
  this is far worse than the lavrov thing . 
  that 's the facebook post at # 31 in op 's list , and at # 38 is a bloke who called bbc and said he was thrown 30 feet by the explosion . 
  i 'm guessing that if you 're thrown 30 feet , you 're not on bbc half an hour later speaking calmly and rationally without injury . 
  so that 's probably fake too . 
  it worked , i googled dsc to find out what they were , whether i could use them , and took a guess at how long i 'd need to be subscribed to get free stuff by quitting . 
  then i realised i can pirate castaway and i have a volleyball already . 
  what makes you think the white house is n't sending them to fox news anyway ? 
  or that fox news is n't running them constantly ? 
  celtics just started their comeback run , get on that !, 
  what about the juice with pulp in it ? 
  they fought back , he lost . 
  ** few spoilers for justified/the shield . 
  i 'd argue that walton goggins is one of the best actors alive based on his performances in the shield and justified . 
  my reasoning for this is that in the shield ( which i started watching after i was already a few seasons into justified ) , shane is the complete opposite of boyd crowder , and he plays it perfectly . 
  boyd is a southern gentleman . 
  granted , he 's a con , and he kills people , but it 's largely in the name of business or honour . 
  he 's easy to cheer for , he 's smart , he 's funny , his friendly ribbing with raylan is like nothing else . 
  you do n't want boyd to get caught , but you want him to run close . 
  at the same time , you want raylan to succeed . 
  you like both cop and criminal , and how rare is that ? 
  in the shield though , shane is something else . 
  he never quite feels * right * . 
  there 's something off about him . 
  maybe it 's the fact that he 's a dirty cop , and as we ( the audience ) side with mackey , we ca n't be sure that shane will always support him . 
  we do n't have that same trust . 
  my key moment where my hope that shane would be ok vanished was when he used the threat of rape to get a suspect 's girlfriend to divulge information . 
  because even though he did n't do it , he made her think he would , and on a lesser note , he made mackey thick he would - because the rest of the strike team is outside the room banging on the door and trying to get in before shane does something stupid . 
  * they * do n't trust him to act right , which is a terrifying thing when you 're talking about a squad of cops who are crossing back and forth over a very tenuous legal line . 
  but that ability of goggins , to morph into these two very different characters and play them both so perfectly , is why i think i 'd have to rate him in a top 10 of actors . 
  i agree , but there 's one or two scenes that stuck in my head . 
  my dad had 2 or 3 of the 007 movies recorded off the telly when i was young , and i remember watching them over and over . 
  the two scenes came from those . 
  the first was from licence to kill , and watching felix get dropped into a shark tank . 
  it always seemed like the most terrifying experience , especially since he survived . 
  the second was funnier , and is more reminiscent of the comical bond moments from moore 's films . 
  i think it was from dalton 's other film , and it involved a heavyset russian woman seducing a government employee of some sort , before strangling/suffocating him with her thighs . 
  it was death by snu-snu , in bond world . 
  this is n't terribly relevant to roger moore , but i do n't really have any key moments from his films , other than jaws walking down a train carriage ( is that right ? ), 
  towards him . 
  i guess i 'm just agreeing with your idea that bond movies do blend , and in that blend , roger moore is a key element , no matter where in the timeline you began watching . 
  found it interesting that his claim included his family being members of the party since the 1850s ... long before southern democrats joined the republicans and turned it into the big friendly minority loving party it is today . 
  so at some point , people in his family chose ( r ) over values and decided they might as well fuck black people while they chose their leaders . 
  i honestly do n't know if i could commit to another 6-7 season show that i have n't even started yet !, 
  not yet , i finished season 5 in 2015 and i think i 've been trying to palate cleanse with comedy shows ever since . 
  bc spoiler spoiler , finale of s5 is yet another reason to worry about shane .
