  oh its a door , now i see it lol . 
  s1mple , what the hell man . 
  this is a massive brain fuck , what am i watching ? 
  im confused . 
  your title says he is , your comment says he might be and so does the article . 
  yes the very small number that was actually placed here already managed to stab the staff of the housing facility , baricade themselves as a protest and burn shit down . 
  they do n't wan na be here in the first place . 
  germany is the destination boys , higher social benefits , free money . 
  you are right , thats post war borders i was thinking of . 
  except we did . . ukraine shares borders with slovakia, 
  i mean sure that can be a thing , but at the same time lets not try to use `` edgy teens doing shit '' as an excuse to everything . 
  there are muslims that live like normal people , do n't kill others but are still sympathetic to attacks like this . 
  if the livestream vod is still up pretty sure you can see for yourself . 
  we are not afraid , we love everyone !, 
  ahh that seems reasonable now im gon na stop killing people . 
  aighhttt, 
  someone actually spent their time creating this ... really ? 
   during interwar period they were one of most pro-soviet countries signed treaty of alliance with soviets after france did so as the french our main ally at the time . 
  there was a stipulation however that the treaty would go in effect only if france were `` in on it '' . 
  france signing munich agreement instead of going to war with nazis is the reason why soviets never helped , even tho they offered to do so the czechoslovak goverment declined because they were afraid that soviets would want something in return ... it happened regardless , welp . 
  welcome to / r/europe getting downvoted instantly , because you are n't going around saying `` uk is fucked '', 
  this is article is a setup for another one i bet . 
  if usa decides to back it , independent is gon na be like `` would you look at that , russia backs paris agreement and trump changes his mind and does it aswell . 
  trump russia ties in full force '' as for the decision itself , good . 
  e : welp, 
  kaufland is also known as retirement home . 
   norway best country in stealing kids ftfy, 
  great way to run your bussiness ^ ^ / s, 
  the other option was straight up child . 
  nobody could understand him and loved to sleep . 
  well . . sweden , finland both have smaller pop than us . 
  and historically speaking we are one of the worlds elites . 
  but in recent years we have been doing rather shit ( aka worse than expected ) defo not punching above our weight . 
   they punch way above their weight at ice hockey wat, 
  i 'm a simple man . 
  i see [ j\u00e1gr ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qy6zajk_arc ) i upvote . 
  ha\u0161ek is missing tho, 
  i can get behind most of these i think . 
  slovakia looks heavily pro-russian in those polls but it kinda explains itself as you scroll down and see what its all about . 
  i can definitely get behind `` russia should be considered a partner in european security and brought into european security structures . 
  keeping russia out makes us less secure . '', 
  where are you reading this ? 
  i ca n't find it anywhere in the article . 
  e : [ nvm got it ] ( http://www.iri.org/sites/default/files/four_country_full_presentation_may_24_2017.pdf ), 
  oh now you can do mind reading . 
  which is interesting considering there 's been a lot of talks in recent years about merging some sporting leagues together and things like that . 
  it was taken after hockey world championship , slovaks obviously voting disssolution was a bad idea ... 
  that comes down to personal preference . 
  the one thing i very much dislike is the claustrophobic feel it has , which is probably the ceiling 's doing . 
  something looks out of place but i cant really say what . 
  or it does n't represent anything and he just has the money to have his penthouse decorated in gold cus it looks good . 
  ffs seriously i do n't understand the mental gymnastics some of you perform to try and find something bad in people , yet very few of you consider possibly the most logical thing that he might just like the looks of it . 
  sick, 
  the way its pronounced just sounds so incredibly stupid i cringe everytime i say it or hear anyone else say it . 
  they should 've went with czechlands, 
   once again , nato is a security treaty . 
  that 's something that is almost impossible to guarantee to russia or anyone and thats the whole problem with the whole discussion we are having . 
   withdrawing mad while nato maintains anti-missile systems illustrates nato defensive purpose . 
  a defensive purpose that can easily become offensive and can be a backbone of offense . 
  it would be hard for me to trust that nato would just sit quietly let `` disarmed '' russia do its own thing when they stop liking it . 
   especially in the case of nato bordering russia , because that is already the case with estonia and latvia . 
  which combined have about 1/4 border leng of the one russia has with ukraine . 
  and insignificant military size, 
  one of the `` possible advantages '' is literally in my comment . 
  you 'd know that if you actually read it properly instead of seeing someone challanging your views , downvoting it asap and then asking a stupid question . 
  [ us withdrawing from anti-ballistic missile treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-ballistic_missile_treaty ) in the early 2000s is something that can in the future eliminate nato/rus mad . 
  and thats why russia can view nato expansion as a threat to them . 
  if nations bordering russia join nato and nato starts building anti-missile systems in those nations in could effectively eliminate russias nukes . 
  i guess most of us would see it as a good thing . 
  but i 'd rather have 2 nations with nuclear weapons and opposing ideas with both of them knowing not to fuck up , because if they do its the end of the world than have 1 that holds all the military power and can do whatever the fuck they want , because there is n't a side opposing them that people could turn to if things go to shit . 
  got it ? 
  i 'm not making excuses for russia annexing crimea and stuff all i 'm doing is trying paint the picture from their side . 
  the fact that nato members joined voluntarily does n't mean nato is n't threat to russia from their pov . 
  ukraine basically serves as a buffer zone to russia , them joining nato would give nato a massive strategical advantage that 's why whats happening atm is happening . . 
  the anti-missile systems are another thing , imagine building them in ukraine , yes you most likely would n't stop every nuke but it could basically disarm russia making its nuclear arsenal a non factor in a possible conflict . 
  there 's a few of them in europe already ( ? ), 
  not sure about their funcionality but the point stands . 
  i love the instant downvotes , i doubt you people even read and think about some stuff . 
  you disarm one side of the conflict and you shift all the balance of power to one side , allowing them to basically do whatever the fuck they want . 
  i wish everyone could just fucking relax , but unlike some of you i do n't think everything is black and white . 
  another / r/europe worthy post . . it could have been a mistake ? 
  i mean fucking hell the guy who wrote it has melania trump there 2x and a wrong date . 
  the muslim woman is listed but the gay guy isnt . 
  i guess the wh hates gays more than muslims so in this case they decided to not list just one of them . 
  i mean , are you guys for real ? 
  thanks but no thanks, 
  holy shit . 
  it 's `` omg they wan na challange us world leadership , they are anti-american '', 
  imagine learning geography like this , world would despise germany and italy . 
  i mean fucking hell look at that shit :d, 
   calling people who do n't vote for them nazis . 
  that 's not considered a fair tactic to gain votes . 
  hahahah , where have you been in the past few election cycles anywhere in the world ? 
  5th most upvoted post on / r/europe are you for real ? 
  talk about a circlejerk what in the actual fuck . 
  how is this / r/europe worthy post , its a handshake ffs people . 
  do n't tell me you actually spent your time saving these gifs and writing this stuff . 
  this whole comment section . . `` yeah uuhmm its about showing them that it has no effect and it 's not gon na change our way of life . '', 
  so , i guess let 's just accept that people are going to be dying, 
  `` guys please , go in the streets and when you get asked a question by the media , speak for all of us and tell them that we are not afraid and my kids dying is only gon na make us stronger '' yes i 'm sure the first thing on the parents ' mind is : damn i 'd really love to see some sort of rally .
