poland how does it feel to have the smalles dong out of v4 ? 
  slovakia how does it feel to be second to us , yet again ? 
  hungary . . uh ... ye . . looking good . 
  it 's not like our second choice was better . 
  it was either this drunk who speaks too much and it would n't hurt him if he was quiet here and there , because he generaly does n't give a fuck about being pc . . and then there was this austrian-czech guy that nobody can fucking understand because he talks like it 's him thats drunk and he likes to sleep ... like a lot . . 
  whenever you see that guy in parlaiment on tv he is fucking sleeping . 
  ahh the famous voice-over . 
  switching channels ... polish tv comes on and it always felt like the same guy was doing all the voice overs for every movie i 've ever seen . 
  i personally do n't have any issues with dubbed movies and shows , i usually watch them in both original aswell as czech dubbing ... ** except the walking dead , fuck czech walking dead . 
  ** what i really like about our dubbing ( maybe its liek that for other countries too ) is that its usually the same guy dubbing the same actor in every movie . 
  so it 's not like the same person sounds completely different in every movie . 
  same goes for us ... [ wait a minute ] ( http://www.voxeurop.eu/files/images/blog/slovensko-madarsko490.jpg ), 
  might be because those are `` jarmilky/cvi \u010dky '' that were made in czechoslovakia ... i think . 
  the thingy on the side is supposed to be czech tricolor but for whatever reason its either black on this screen or just very very dark blue ... 
  good . 
  i was fan of czechlands myself . 
  the best option would be j\u00e1grland tho . 
  se\u0161 zmrd :d, 
  since when is english compulsory though ? 
  we started 4th grade ( 2005 or 06 ) , but i think its indeed 3rd grade now , however my sister that is only 4 years older than me actually had german as her compulsory language ( in the same school mind you ) and french as a second one . . 
  so while it indeed does not emphasise german over english i would n't be surprised if this was one of the reasons why the % seems to be so low . . on the other hand i agree with what you said about the way its taught , my saving grace when it comes to english were videogames and movies because they made me actually enjoying learning and speaking english . 
  when it comes to teachers i was also lucky we had a young english teacher and she was into it and it made everything far more enjoyable and easy , however the biggest difference comes in high school depending on what you study the gap between their requirements on how good your english has to be and how much they 're actually gon na teach you is gigantic . 
  a friend of mine has pretty good grades when it comes to english , because like you said he just nails words into his head because he is told to do so . 
  try to start a convo with him and oh boy you would say he 's been learning for 2 years max . 
  why is this post on only 67 % ? 
  are people really that fucking tragic in here that they have to downvote everything related to russia that is n't `` russia is evil '' ? 
  why is belgium '' a country '' lol . 
  because it never is the other way around . 
  it sounds weird first of all , it does n't come out as natural as russia , slovakia or others . 
  second , i myself still do n't know how to pronounce it there 's like 3 ways to pronounce it that come to mind . 
  also czechia , chechnya the second option was czechlands , which sounds a lot better . 
  please do n't . 
  afaik poland and germany had non-agression pact aswell . 
  see how that worked out . 
  ffs hungary . 
  ctrl+f ostrava expected , brb gon na take a deep breath of our lovely polluted air . 
  good point , we were allies of france . 
  however at the end of the day it was france and uk who signed munich agreement that czechoslovakia had no word in basically saying . 
  `` m8 , just give your borders and thats it the rest is yours i swear , also do n't bother resisting we are n't gon na help you '' first part worked out the second did not , and nobody moved a muscle when hitler took the rest . 
  funily enough , we had mutual military assistance treaty with soviets the only reason why bene\u0161 never asked for help from the soviets was because he was scared of exactly what happened after the war . . communism . 
  still chamberlain arrived home , thinking how great he is that he stopped a war . 
  it 's a thing of a past , but if munich agreement never happened , i think its reasonable to think ww2 would never escalate to such extend or would perhaps never start . . one of the reasons why hitler came up with sudetenland was , because czechoslovak borders with germany were [ fortified ] ( http://potok.wbs.cz/english/export1.jpg ) . 
  czechoslovakia had the equipment to stand up to germany but not the man power , so when there was no help the only option and possibly the best one was to avoid complete slaughter . 
  i guess you are right , part of the munich agreement ( which czechoslovakia had no say in ) was sudetenlands in exchange for britain and france guartanteeing independence of czechoslovakia . 
  which in its own way its laughable statement . 
  give your borders to be independent . 
  so you could say its both  signing the agreement and well not even fullfiling your promise , because nobody moved a muscle when hitler took the rest of czechoslovakia . 
  depends on how you look at it , munich agreement took place 30th september 38 so that 'd be 11 months . 
  occupation of the whole country happened in march the next year . 
  and 6 months prior to that france and uk sold out czechoslovakia to grant `` peace for our time '' ayy lmao, 
  can anyone explain to me how are there even russian forces in transnistria ? 
  i looked on the map and its a territory between moldova and ukraine . 
  is there like a military base there or what is it ? 
  im confused . 
  read the article , nothing there says how are they blaming it on others , but k. 
  same here i remember a case a group of 25 people . . 
  arrived got housing , left for germany the same night . . 
  there was another case which i ca n't really find details on , because i dont remember too much of it . 
  but if im not mistaken it was a family , just like the previous example they got housing not just something they got some big fucking house for themselves . 
  the father of the family said that he is a wealthy man and that it 's a disgrace also said he would be better off back in syria . . 
  i mean just fuck off , most of these people are going to germany just for social benefits . 
  would rather see v4 do this kind of thing . . we ca n't agree on anything with germany yet we want eu army . . for real ? 
  do you fail to see why is russia acting that way ? 
  thats my entire point and the point of the video . 
  i recommend watching this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqd8lidimro so no its not `` for buidling a missile defense system of all things '' its actually a logical reaction e : sorry , ca n't heal your russophobia . 
  if you people stopped seeing things white/black and watched the fucking video ( i bet most of you didnt even open it ) , look at it from russias pov their reaction is understandable . 
  if the roles were flipped and this happened anywhere else reactions would be the same . 
  i swear i 've read something with putin where he basically said russia is guilty . 
  do n't they have like the biggest fucking planes to fight with the fire ? 
  i think the same happened with canada . 
  they just refused . 
  i mean come the fuck on , people are like hur dur russia bad agressor . 
  russia wants to give a helping hand and everyone acts like they are trying to nuke it instead of help with the fire . 
  hey i 'd actually love having aussies as neighbours they drink , they swear a lot , they do n't give a fuck . 
  man we would go hand in hand . 
  former australian-hungarian empire , obviously . 
  hmmmm, 
  you do n't need a map for that . 
  you know where all the kurvas and kurwas are at . 
  what a nice nato ally . 
  already got an answer an hour ago on how this survey was taken . . scale 1-10 so not what i thought it was , which makes me even more suprised on why the numbers are so low as i feel like the almost natural approach czechs have to just about everything is `` i do n't care for as long as you are n't shoving it down my throat ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ( lul ) '' if the survey was for whatever reason done the way i said it could 've been . 
  i highly doubt they would count the third option towards yes or no . 
  because having no opinion does n't translate to yes or no . 
  you can be asked a question and your answer could be that you havent given it a thought and you do n't know . 
  would you be comfortable with x i do n't know could be legitimate answer . 
  oh ok , thanks for the heads up . 
  except its not if that 's one of the options . 
  it 's `` i do n't have an opinion '', 
  was it a yes/no only question ? 
  because i might have a theory why there 's only 17 % yes in czech rep and i would give the same answer . 
  the good old `` i do n't know / i do n't care '', 
  i honestly think czechs had enough of religion in the past and nothing good ever came from that . 
  to elaborate i think the shift happened with jan hus . 
  you have a guy that comes around , says hey this is wrong this is not what god would want , roman catholic church is corrupt by estimates 85 % of the population side with the guy . 
  the guy gets set on fire alive . 
  then the pope proclaims 5 crusades against you ( nt ) . 
  then eventually the habsburgs come to power and force you to convert to roman catholicism and they rule the land for nearly 400 years . 
  and then nazi occupation happens and then commies happen . 
  no j\u00e1gr ? 
  fake news .
