  i 've seen some of his work , and he retains the german word order in the final english or finnish translations , resulting in sentences like the one you wrote . 
  it 's simultaneously hilarious and utterly baffling . 
  oh i see , you 're one of those pesky nay-voters !, 
  why do you want terrorist bombs instead of pretty and colorful rainbows, 
  yeah , let 's hope this case will be the final nail in the coffin of the blasphemy law , at least in denmark . 
   why some politicians is still defending it is a whole other matter though . 
  that is the crux of my confusion . 
  it 's just so absurd that such a law is still upheld * anywhere * in the west . 
  i literally ca n't even . 
  i just ca n't wrap my head around as to why blasphemy should be punishable in the first place . 
  rinkeby may not be a 100 % no-go zone , but car burning riots are a good indicator of things going to shit . 
  ... what, 
  what 's that about helsinki ? 
  sure , everyone knows these two fellas here in finland . 
  and only now you 're telling me this :(, 
  the castle looks magnificent surrounded by the city . 
  great pics , this is such a good contribution . 
  i 've always wanted to visit scotland , now that urge has just been reinforced . 
  unfortunately , so it seems to be . 
  it 's as if the people exist for and to serve the eu , when it should be the other way around . 
   if this does not happen soon , then marine le pen and geert wilders - supported by millions of dissatisfied civilians - will destroy the eu from within , muscat warns . 
  that is n't a bad reason , but kind of goes to show a hint of arrogance and deafness to the cries of the eu citizens , who 've been demanding the powers that be to put an end to the uncontrolled and economically burdensome migration , but it 's only happening now that the high-level officials in the union are feeling that their positions might be threatened by the rise of le pen , wilders and their supporters , namely masses of dissatisfied * civilians * - the discontentment of civilians should 've been a definitive reason for shutting down the libyan migration route a long time ago , but no , only when the elite feels that they 're threatened politically , will they roll up their sleeves and heed the call . 
  that 's nothing new though, 
  i know that the separation of a bit over 200 years from finland has n't been exactly great for sweden and it 's not what you wanted , but you are still welcome to be re-annexed to finland  & nbsp ; ^ ^ / s, 
   sk\u00e5ne has always belonged to denmark !, 
  i knew it, 
  i was expecting a werewolf, 
  well that 's what it seems like from the collective perspective of finns . 
   a more `` sophisticated '' , culinary-oriented drinking culture is only budding here . 
  i 've got the impression that countries like belgium are way ahead of us in that respect . 
  this has happened in finland as well . 
  the officials ' comments on this travesty were something along the lines of `` being a member of a foreign terrorist group is not an acknowledged reason to cut their legally admitted allowances '' . 
  bureaucracy can be unbelievably absurd at times . 
  high-quality beer culture, 
  oh , alright . 
  '' / s '' is your friend on the internet , 
  way to curb criticism . 
  see , that is exactly why violent games should be banned !, 
  they ruin both morality and journalism !, 
  can oulu into space then ? 
  because oulu want to can into capitals :( (, 
  damn i 'd love to speak that , it looks ( and probably sounds ) cool, 
  how i 'd take to my child being in a relationship with a muslim were to depend entirely on how said muslim practises his or her religion and treat my kid . 
  i hope they go to court and prison . 
  you are of course free to interpret it however you see fit, 
  it is inspired by an exceptionally spherical pair of gluteus maximus , is n't it : i, 
  i 'm starting to think that the entire brazilian culture revolves around exceptionally spherical pairs of gluteus maximus, 
  no , it just means sitting in a sauna, 
  the ripples of globalization at their finest, 
  ... what, 
  but sauna is where innovating happens, 
  what did he say ? 
  no problem, 
  thank you for the insight, 
  i am sorry to hear that . 
  yeah ... the political division is mind boggling . 
  it 's tragic that the ultimate argument against universal healtcare boils down to `` it 's what the opposing side wants , so we fight it by default '' . 
  i do n't think any nation is free from such naivety in politics - it 's in the human nature , i guess - but the us showcases the problem quite poignantly . 
  i find comical that the uk often represents the entire europe . 
  and the whole workplace gets sick too, 
  i ca n't wrap my head around the fact how there are people in the us who are against cheap universal healthcare when the current situation is straight from the guidebook of `` how to fuck up your society '', 
  yet soviet union helped spark ww2 with the molotov-ribbentropp pact . 
  the russian media can be disgustingly hypocritical . 
   should i expect a soviet ~ ~ invasion ? ~ ~ a soviet counterattack , you despicable warmonger !, 
  what ? 
  are you serious ? 
  the bull is injured and annoyed in order to get a reaction out of it and force it to be part of the show . 
  it 's done against the animal 's will , and the bull 's suffering and eventual death are carried out for the pleasure of the audience and fame of the matadors . 
  when animals hunt and kill their prey , they do n't intentionally make it suffer ; they do n't have the theory of mind , so they probably do n't even fully understand or care what they 're putting their prey through . 
  the bull 's pain and slow defeat are integral parts of bull fighting . 
  it 's probably not done out of spite , but it is a deliberately slow and torturous way to die . 
  i have no interest in continuing this pointless debate , think whatever you think . 
  killing slowly in a gruesome way is n't torture ? 
  jeez . 
  killing animals for food is hardly the same as torturing them to death for fun, 
  if you do n't think that it 'd be humane to ban a tradition which revolves around torturing and killing an animal for entertainment , then we can only agree to disagree . 
  i 'm inclined to question your morality and empathy . 
  sauna does n't harm anyone though , and no one is forced to participate against their will ... 
  excellent answer , thank you, 
  it rolls off the tongue so effortlessly !, 
  not much of a fun for the bull :(, 
  could n't bullfights just be made illegal , plain and simple ? 
  what is keeping that from happening ? 
  how do they go about categorizing heavy metal then, 
  oh boy , you should really look up the world of goregrind and porngrind metal subgenres and how the bands name themselves and their works ... 
  apt correction !, 
  and the equivalents of santa in some countries were anything but jolly and fun-spirited . 
  the original finnish `` santa '' , joulupukki ( literally `` yule goat '' ; the name is still used but means santa claus nowadays ) was an old man dressed in a grotesque goat mask , roaming from door to door , asking for booze and scaring the children . 
  me too, 
  was n't fanta invented because germans wanted/needed something to replace coca-cola ? 
  oh , had no idea, 
  okay , coca-cola 's world dominance does n't come as a surprise , to be honest, 
  possibly, 
  i wonder if es counts ... 
  yeah the map is off . 
  the finnish `` soft drink '' is a brewery that makes primarily beer . 
  edit : not primarily beer, 
  what would you say is our most popular soft drink ? 
  the good old coca-cola ? 
  but if we 're going for indigenous choices , is n't jaffa finnish ?
