  probably not . 
  so there is actually a case to be made for some level of diplomatic immunity . 
  yes , that is a good point and it 's been pointed out to me by a few people now . 
  i do n't know why i did n't think of it . 
   however , the whole concept could clearly do with some reforms . 
  first : there should be stricter rules about who is eligible - random saudi princesses hanging out in paris for shits and giggles ? 
  probably not . 
  yeah , definitely . 
  yup . 
  good points . 
  but i had more like 1st world countries in mind , not a barbaric and irrational shithole like saudi arabia , in the case of which diplomatic immunity for foreign diplomats makes lots of sense . 
  okay . 
  good points . 
  alright , but i 'm just a bit doubtful of even saudi arabia taking a foreign diplomat hostage . 
  they 'd be messing directly with a foreign power . 
   and that 's even beside the point that there are a lot of things illegal there that are everyday things in civilized countries . 
  yeah that 's a given . 
  but how about a diplomat of a civilised country positioned in another civilised country ? 
  diplomatic immunity kind of loses its point in such circumstances , no ? 
  but if a diplomat commits a crime loud and clear , he or she should not be able to get away with it . 
  why would it be impossible to send diplomats to saudi arabia if they did n't have immunity ? 
  yes , diplomatic immunity should be limited to war time . 
  i do n't think anyone should have diplomatic immunity . 
  why does the principle of everyone being equal in the eyes of the law vanish in the case of diplomats ? 
  if they commit a crime , they should pay for it , just like the rest of us . 
  it 'd be only fair . 
  sun ? 
  my grandfather once mentioned having heard about such a thing from his grandfather . 
  do n't know what it is though . 
  never seen one . 
  pretty much yes , i 'm a finn after all . 
  potatoes are like 50 % of our diet . 
  oh man , it appears i 've been doing everything wrong all along . 
  boiled . 
  in that case i think i 've been eating the wrong kind of potatoes :( (, 
   it 's easy to say that when you do n't follow the religion , and are n't affected by such a law . 
  that is why we need people outside religions pointing out flaws , because people involved in religions are hard pressed to discern those flaws themselves . 
  criticism from the `` outside '' is necessary criticism ; not following a particular religion enables one to assess it objectively . 
  however , believers should be aware of secular legislation and recognize the incidences of their religion being in conflict with societal laws . 
  under no circumstances should religious tenets override secular legislation . 
  yes . 
  lots of utter shit get accepted globally by default and at a face value just because they 're some religion 's practice . 
  `` religious right '' should cease to be a valid reasoning for anything really , if it conflicts national or international legislation , including human rights , which should always trump religious rights . 
  appealing to religion is essentially the same as saying `` well this is what we 've been doing for quite some time '' . 
  `` religion '' is a motivation , not a valid and acceptable reason as such to carry out an action without consequences that 'd follow from doing the same thing on secular grounds . 
  that should be realized and implemented worldwide . 
  religions have too strong a status . 
  that is horrifying . 
  good god . 
  talk about a pointless death . 
  yes , that is how it should be viewed . 
  sadly , it is n't . 
  refugees committing crimes is a red flag , and it should be ; they 're over-represented in sex crime statistics in relation to how small portion of the overall population they make up . 
  also , the same people come here in need of help and a safe haven - allegedly - and then a disproportionate batch of them thanks us by committing heinous crimes . 
  it is something that needs to be made noise about . 
  as far as i know , the lack of consent on the victim 's part is n't usually enough to result in the rapist getting a proper sentence . 
  if violence or threatening the victim with violence is n't involved , raping indeed is n't seen as a big deal from the legal point of view . 
  this serious issue has been acknowledged , but we 're still waiting for it to be fixed . 
  well the cuban volleyball players are n't asylum seekers at least . 
  still , does n't make it any less terrible of course . 
  too much shit like this going on , and committed by people coming from the third world countries . 
  ca n't help but become a little racist here . 
  good addition , somehow forgot that . 
  in my opinion , prison can serve two functions : * a form of intervention ; offering a criminal a break from his/her damaging way of life , and giving a chance to start anew , e.g. 
  study in prison , reassess one 's life . 
  likely to work for petty criminals . 
  light sentences . 
  rehabilitation . 
  * means of keeping a dangerous criminal away from the society ; the function is first and foremost to protect the innocent from the criminal . 
  a person who has committed several heinous crimes such as rape and/or murder , and who ca n't be trusted to discontinue his/her severely damaging lifestyle , has no right to exist in the society . 
  innocent people should have the right to lock up a person who is dangerous and who is very likely to continue being dangerous . 
  i believe that in some cases people 's right to live in a safe society overrides the human rights of very dangerous criminals . 
  i think that the finnish authorities see prison solely as serving the first function and nothing more , even though it 's a common view among the general populace that an equally important function of the prison system is to keep dangerous people out of the streets - a cage for rabid animals , if you will . 
  however , that kind of goes against the established western justice conventions . 
  but should they be reformed a bit ? 
  judges should adopt a different view on worst criminals . 
  this sounds harsh , but i firmly believe that after committing a horrid enough crime , the perpetrator loses his/her right to walk free ever again ; a murderer 's rights are never as important as those of the innocent . 
  there were reports of young men surrounding and isolating lone girls in the crowd , and then proceeding to kiss them forcefully and put their hands under the girl 's clothes in an harassment attempt . 
  the perpetrators ' nationality ca n't be deduced with absolute certainty on the basis of those pieces of information , but the way the harassment was carried out is very similar to numerous confirmed cases of asylum seekers harassing lone women . 
  i think that light sentences for sexual crimes are a big problem from a wider point of view as well ; they undermine the people 's trust in the justice system . 
  when the justice dealt by the authorities does n't correspond to the sense of justice that the common populace hold , it is an irreconcilable conflict and needs to be reassessed in the favour of the common populace . 
  it is definitely worth asking , why judges give minimum sentences for heavy sexual crimes . 
  such is democracy . 
  democracy would work amazingly with an educated and rational electorate , but that 's not realistic given the human nature . 
  representative democracy is even worse if you ask me ; i loathe the system we have here in finland . 
  glad to hear that there 's at least one person who 's familiar with their existence and the social plight they 're in  we 'll keep on fighting for their right to be vocal and obnoxious !, 
  the rights of lgbtqiaerywz\u00c5\u00c4\u00d6dfghjs must be recognized and treated with respect !, 
  for sure, 
  yeah , should 've thought of that . 
  learning an entirely foreign approach to grammar has got to be the most challenging part . 
  ( in addition to the writing systems . ), 
  that 's like yoda speech taken up a notch !, 
  really ? 
  i 've heard that the grammar is relatively easy, 
  i think he was at least partly joking . 
  it 's possibly a reference to [ this meme ] ( https://cdn.meme.am/instances/24110157.jpg ), 
  it just completely baffles me as to how such a seemingly impractical language/writing system could 've evolved and stayed that way, 
  nah , it 's just some dialect from the southern parts . 
  i have a friend who studies german at university level . 
  he 's not too good at translation .
