like the old saying goes , democracy is far from the best political system , but it 's the best we 've got . 
  i 'll just copypaste my answer to another reply that i got , because it 's essentially the same criticism : as far as i know , decisions made by a representative democratic system do not nearly always reflect the expectations of the electorate and what they voted for . 
  okay , sweden is largely pro-immigration and all , but as for germany , france , and britain , the people who voted for the politicians making the current decisions did not vote for this . 
  when the election is over , politicians take matters into their own hands and do what they want , believing it is justified because they 've been given the mandate to decide for the people , and defend their actions on the same basis , even if they make decisions against the majority 's will . 
  as far as i know , decisions made by a representative democratic system do not nearly always reflect the expectations of the electorate and what they voted for . 
  okay , sweden is largely pro-immigration and all , but as for germany , france , and britain , the people who voted for the politicians making the current decisions did not vote for this . 
  when the election is over , politicians take matter into their hands and do what * they * want , believing it is justified because they 've been given the mandate to decide for the people , and defend their actions on the same basis . 
  their leaders have chosen to be stupid . 
  the general populace is furious over this shit . 
  `` madness '' is the only word i can describe that with . 
  just . 
  what . 
  the . 
  indeed, 
  that video was actually shot in my home town and i 've been to the bar that 's shown , so i can confirm it 's all very authentic, 
  yeah , that was brought to my mind too !, 
  what are you talking about , i got [ sisu booze ] ( http://imgs.sthlmsfinest.com/blogentryimages/53973.jpg ) right here, 
  woah , we do n't want things to get that intimate , do we ? 
  nah , it 's ( unfortunately ) just a stereotype . 
  bars are actually one of the few places where finns feel like they can open up and chat with strangers - the more drunk people are , the more acceptable sociable behaviour becomes . 
  but sure , you can go to a bar and just sit there in silence , drinking a beer and minding your own business . 
  it 's not like anyone 's likely to come and bother you , except for those who are really drunk . 
  sounds good . 
  but i think you meant sitting at different bars which are located rather close to each other . 
  that is true friendship right there . 
  and sk\u00e5l, 
  nah , i think i 'm just going to go multidrink and grab a bottle in both hands . 
  there 's no in-between option . 
  you either socialize or you drink . 
  pick one . 
  i can understand where the russian mentality stems from , but i still find it absurd . 
  it just has no place in the 21st century europe . 
  are you fucking kidding me . 
  yes , if russia was n't in europe , we 'd seriously have zero chances of an european war . 
  there 's no denying this . 
  who 'd attack whom , and for what ? 
  modern great britain attacking modern germany ? 
  come on . 
  russia is the only potential aggressor here . 
  now that 's a translation that i can say i like quite a lot, 
  let 's give it a try !, 
  that probably came off really weird :d the text resembles the dialect spoken in south-western finland and turku region . 
  well , the turku dialect * does * sound a lot like estonian after all so my attempt ca n't be that far off phonologically !, 
  if you ask me , estonia could be labeled as a nordic country by practically any standard . 
  ( i wish i could answer in estonian as an act of reciprocation . ), 
  yeah , `` unofficial '' of course . 
  i was writing in a hurry . 
  english is very widespread in the finnish society , it 's essentially becoming an inofficial second language . 
  you run into it everywhere , so language learning is not limited to school . 
  definitely boosts one 's english skills . 
  i think it 's only rational and logical to feel sorry for the swedish people , and be incredibly angry at their government . 
  the refugee crisis has been handled really inefficiently here in finland too . 
  i have * nothing * positive to say about our politicians in that regard . 
  i can only imagine the frustration that swedes have been going through for a long time now ; refugee crisis price tag rising to * billions * is absurd and unforgivable . 
  these politicians are incompetent and only fuck over the people who they should be prioritizing . 
  an undertaking worth a nobel, 
  you 'd think that the government would n't have had the balls to `` fucknolol '' something that more than 2 * million * citizens have expressed their support for . 
  but it unfortunately happens . 
  it is way too common that politicians forget who they work for and who their bosses and employers are - the electorate . 
  this is an exaggerated quote in this context , but the basic principle applies : `` people should not be afraid of their governments ; governments should be afraid of their people . '', 
  on a related note , our current foreign minister refused to answer certain questions in a recent interview because he `` did n't like the questions '' . 
  like , what the hell is that supposed to mean ? 
  he has obviously forgot that he is in the office to serve the people , and that he works for us . 
  he treating concerned citizens like annoying pests is infuriating . 
  we 're in luck here in finland in that if a petition reaches a certain amount of signatures , the parliament is obliged to have a vote on the petition . 
  they ca n't just `` fucknolol '' petitions anymore , which is great . 
  that 's just crazy . 
  what was the referendum demand about ? 
  the shit that kreml does ... 
  what ? 
  i have n't heard about that . 
  what 's the deal ? 
  i 'm pessimistic about this . 
  generation-long peace times have been rare . 
  i 'm quite sure we will see some meaningful military confrontation in europe during out lifetime . 
  not on a world war scale - i do n't consider that realistic - but something 's going to happen if things keep on rolling the way they have . 
  well here 's one article by * the independent * : [ syrian refugees will cost ten times more to care for in europe than in neighboring countries ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/syrian-refugees-will-cost-ten-times-more-to-care-for-in-europe-than-in-neighboring-countries-a6928676.html ) and right at the start of the article :  a budget of $ 3,000 per refugee in jordan would provide food , water , education and opportunity . 
  in germany this will cost $ 30,000, 
  i 've read that from finnish newspapers . 
  me too . 
  but saying it out loud that we should maybe take less regufees for their own benefit is n't usually met with applause . 
  it 's widely seen as racist or something . 
  yeah , they took karelia . 
  but it 's far from `` half '' of finland . 
  and definitely not `` a good chunk '' of either population or industry . 
  karelia was a particularly rural area with no industrialization comparable to more densely populated areas of finland . 
  besides , most karelians - if not all , essentially - fled to the west when soviets took the easternmost part of the country . 
  well it was n't nearly half at all . 
  but soviet union 's plan was to use finland as a buffer zone . 
  russians really disliked how close st. petersburg was to the border . 
  it 's a vulnerability , and amassing more land between a major city and an attack from the west would be a wise move strategy-wise . 
  sweden 's refugee policy has been very poor and short-sighted for very long . 
  i think that 's the crux of the comment . 
  taking in refugees is by far the least effective means of helping those people , if we really look at the bigger picture . 
  the money that goes into housing and feeding a few refugees in a european country could get a large amount of refugees way more commodities at a refugee camp outside of europe . 
  the difference is astounding . 
  right now we 're spending tons of money on helping only a fraction of people , when we could divide that money evenly and more productively among a way bigger number of refugees at camps . 
  if we just look at the numbers , taking in refugees is almost amoral in terms of efficiency . 
  i just ca n't understand what goes on in someone 's head when they come to the conclusion that it 's * their * right to decide what someone else is allowed to do with their pregnancy . 
   would our diplomatic representatives want to be subject to all the various religious rules in sa ?
