  really the thing that has me most afraid is n't what 's going on in capitol hill , it 's what 's going on in the american public . 
  nobody sees the same reality any more . 
  truth has become subject to one 's ideology . 
  there are so many different narratives out there now that all you have to do is pick the one that confirms your pre-existing opinions and call everything else liberal/russian/altright propaganda . 
  it 's the right most guilty of this right now , but it 's only a matter of time before the left gets just as bad . 
  it wo n't matter if trump is good or bad , because no matter what happens , the left will believe he is the worst thing ever , and the right will worship him . 
  i 'm afraid that as the internet and social media continues to enable the spreading of ideological propaganda , half-truths , and outright lies , the divide between left and right will continue to grow until the country is irrevocably fractured . 
  one can only hope . 
  honestly my suspicion is that president trump is gon na be pretty ineffectual . 
  he 's clearly more interested in having the bully pulpit and making speeches than he is in the day to day business of being president . 
  i have a feeling congress is gon na run roughshod over his administration when it comes to legislation . 
  i mean you 're right , but it 's 2017 , so nothing makes sense any more, 
  it does seem pretty hasty to me , but then again i 'm not exactly an expert on presidential policy . 
  i can understand wanting to bring new blood on board , but i feel like this risks coming off as arbitrary during a geopolitically sensitive time . 
  mattis would n't really have much say in this kind of thing . 
  his realm is the pentagon . 
  this is more of a secstate issue . 
  if we really wanted to show the russians we mean business , we 'd send in the f-22s . 
  we did it to north korea a few years back . 
  you guys have the potential to be a formidable power if you 'd create a pan-european military force . 
  so instead of having a bunch of small militaries , that an attacker could take on one at a time , you 'd have one large unified one that can afford to support missions like strategic airlift that would enable you to project power without having to rely on american logistics . 
  you 're probably right . 
  he and trump area already butting heads over personnel appointments . 
  that should tell everyone a lot . 
  probably, 
  oh man i 'd def have to see that v-3 cannon . 
  typical late-war german madness right there . 
  the pasztecik looks delicious , like a doughnut but savory instead of sweet . 
  not sure if i 'm brave enough for czernina , generally not a fan of blood in my cooking :p kwas is something i 've actually been meaning to try , seen a few recipes and it looks easy to make on my own too . 
  looks like a lot of good places to visit . 
  anything medieval or with a strong connection to wwii in particular would be great , i 'm a big war history buff . 
  i 'd also like to check out the bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest at some point . 
  i love hiking and camping and all that . 
  how about nightlife ? 
  yeah that second line was intended to be a bit crass-sounding . 
  did n't mean to offend though . 
  so what would you recommend checking out if i was to visit ? 
  any particular foods or drinks to try ? 
  can i visit fb radom and ask them when the msbs is coming to the american civilian market ? 
  thank you , polish friend !, 
  if all goes according to plan with my career path , i 'll probably be stationed in europe ( likely england or germany ) come 2020 . 
  wish me luck eh ? 
  i 'm a ground crew sergeant . 
  i just do computer stuff . 
  it 's a living though !, 
  so i 'm us air force , and i 've been hearing for a while now that we 've been looking into setting up some airbases in poland and romania and moving some of our stuff there . 
  i do n't know how major it would be or how far along the discussions are . 
  i for one would be thrilled to be stationed at either place . 
  to be honest , it was kind of funny watching countries who a few years ago were like yankees go home now change their tune when putin comes knocking :p no hard feelings though . 
  honestly i have no idea what trump will do . 
  i have a bad feeling he 's going to be even more short-sighted and ineffective with foreign policy than obama was . 
  my main hope is that our incoming secdef ( mattis ) will be able to keep things in order . 
  i personally believe that the usa should stand by it 's friends and not sit back and dither when they are threatened . 
  if i ever get stationed in europe , a visit to poland is def in order . 
  for whatever reason , i keep dating girls here with polish ancestry , so i figure i might as well go directly to the source ;p also , you guys have good food and booze , and i 've heard nothing but good things from my countrymen who have visited , 
  well , being an american military man with a desire to get stationed in europe , pretty good , 
  how do you guys feel about that ? 
  that 's always been the stupid thing about our airport security . 
  it basically assumes that the planes are the targets , not the people . 
  so there are all these super crowded areas with zero security presence , like those long security checkpoint lines , the baggage claim , ticketing , etc. 
  i dunno if we can count 1812 , since it was at the behest of the french and moscow was basically a trap that time around . 
  it 's like they applied their love of surrealism to architecture, 
  yeah , stella here is pisswater . 
  luckily the rise of the craft beer scene in the usa over the last few years has created a market for much better quality imports . 
  it 's split into 3 regions , and people from flanders and wallonia hate each other over some beef that goes back to the middle ages or something to that effect . 
  excellent firearms maker fn is from there they have the misfortune of being the best invasion route between germany and france . 
  they make wonderful beer which is highly prized by beer snobs here in the usa . 
  their army uses a really weird camo pattern . 
  the most advanced fortification in history , eben-emael , was built there . 
  the germans knocked it out in a single day because they did n't give a shit . 
  i mean they did successfully take moscow for a while there . 
  clearly they were too dangerous to leave whole :p, 
  not pictured : the usa bros 4 life casimir pulaski ftfw, 
  he 's very wise , well-read in world history and culture , and level-headed , but is n't afraid to be blunt and tell it like it is , both to his troops and to politicians . 
  he 's one of the most successful and beloved commanders of our generation and has been viewed as a modern-day patton . 
  honestly , i think mattis will be a moderating force on the trump cabinent . 
  he 's never been a yes-man , and has never been afraid to make decisions that contradicted the groupthink . 
  he wo n't be afraid to stand up to trump and tell him when he 's making a mistake on matters of defense policy . 
  regarding fear of war , honestly ... we were just as likely to get that with clinton . 
  she 's known for being a hawk and has advocated intervention in syria in the past , as well as the intervention in libya . 
  i understand the paranoia absolutely though . 
  my thoughts on women in combat jobs is that yeah , they 'd def have to be able to meet the same standards as the men , and we 'd need to do it on a trial basis at first to see how it affected group dynamics , which are incredibly important in infantry and special operations teams . 
  and agree 100 % that selective service registration should be universal . 
  hopefully we 'll never need to use it , but still . 
  no worries . 
  as far as changes , we 're honestly not sure . 
  the expectation is an increase in the budget ( which is good , we 're hurting right now after 15 years of war and budget cuts ) . 
  there might be a halt to further testing for women in the infantry and special operations . 
  we have james mattis as the next secdef and he 's a wise man , so that 's good . 
  he 'll take care of us but he 'll also be in position to talk trump out of any particularly stupid ideas he gets regarding the military and national defense ( example , he already got trump to change his mind on using torture ) . 
  honestly though , a lot of it is up in the air and depends on what the geopolitical landscape looks like . 
  that plus a few other things i do n't remember as well came off as pandering to pro-russians to me . 
  i personally did n't like the implications that were being made . 
  * shrugs *, 
  now you know how we feel !, 
  lmao `` guys let 's have a war , but not here in europe , let 's go fight the polish in africa '', 
  we were too busy expanding within our own borders and then fighting each other . 
  eventually we got drunk and decided to go bully spain . 
  it was years ago . 
  the one that stood out to me most was some comic they posted implying that 1 ) russia and the usa were at war , and 2 ) that russia was winning because the american troops were all gay and too busy making out to fight ( this was shortly after the repeal of dadt ) .
