thank you erdogan for not letting our president hog all the craziness, 
  you 're right on the money . 
  good explanation . 
  i think another aspect of it is a lot of left-leaning young americans ( especially the bernie sanders crowd ) tend to have an oversimplified view of european society and social programs and want to see the usa go in the same direction . 
  naturally their opponents love to point out the times where europe is n't the progressive harmonious socialist paradise the bernie bros stereotypically think it is . 
  what do you guys think about us ` merricans ? 
  i just remember your prime minister wrote president obama a very heartwarming letter after osama bin laden got taken down . 
  alexander the great , his name struck fear into hearts of men alexander the great , he died of a fever in babyloooooonnnn, 
  i do n't even have to run this through a translator to know it 's the navy seal copypasta, 
  too bad we signed a `` no take-backs '' law when we bought it :p, 
  no that makes perfect sense to me , and is a better option . 
  but right now , the general perception is that european nations basically do neither , and have a lot of small militaries with redundant capabilities and little to no means of power projection , and at the same time due to the 2 % spending guideline , also appear to be willfully underfunding said militaries . 
  i think with the comprehensive , tailored force you mentioned , it would be easier to point at the 2 % rule and say `` we do n't really need that , because look at what we 're already capable of '' . 
  you guys are missing out . 
  think of the memes !, 
  thank you for louisiana , napoleon . 
  love , the usa, 
  you forgot that little slice of the hudson valley that sweden held for a few decades before the dutch took it away, 
  dude true story , like 90 % of their videos on youtube feature `` polskaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa '' in the comments . 
  nah , they 'd speak russian ;p, 
  you 'd be able to handle increased security responsibilities both within europe but also the greater middle east and north africa , without the usa having to do the bulk of the heavy lifting . 
  basically the usa would n't have to be world police so much and would be able to start scaling back on all these overseas commitments and operations without creating another power vacuum for terrorists or russia/china to exploit . 
  damn , beat me to it, 
  well said !, 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  being critical of toxic elements in a culture should n't be construed to mean being prejudiced against that entire culture . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  well , you 'd be naive if you did n't think that russia is eyeing it 's old imperial territories in eastern europe the way a fat kid eyes cake . 
  and outspending alone is n't enough . 
  you need to show that you 're ready to stand for the common defense of europe . 
  if russia gets vibes that if they pull any shit , they 'll face a strong and overwhelming response , then they wo n't do anything . 
  if they think you 'll only put up token resistance , shrug and say `` not my problem '' , or sit back and wait for an increasingly reluctant usa to handle it , then they 'll behave more boldly . 
  i could be wrong . 
  i hope i 'm wrong . 
  i 'm just of the opinion that a credible ( and non-nuclear ) deterrent is never a bad thing . 
  the best weapons/armies are the ones that never have to get used because everyone is afraid to mess with them . 
  eeeeh honestly , hardcore war like wwi and wwii send technological advancement into overdrive . 
  so if you want your cool space tech , my advice is to wait for the next global shitstorm . 
  eventually one or more powers will decide that we need space battleships . 
  next thing we know we 're colonizing space . 
   the only and truly relevant , most influential state in the entire union . 
  bbq , thriving economy , low cost of living , locals are really friendly . 
  sounds like you would make a good american :d, 
  eat some potatoes and take in the absolutely [ gorgeous scenery ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/iexplore_web/images/assets/000/005/067/original/15159400178_589a55ce41_k.jpg?1441676723 ) . 
  get yourself a rifle and go hunt elk and other game for delicious meats . 
  true , but that 's globalization for you . 
  the us buys plenty of european stuff . 
  our main service rifles and machineguns are belgian ( colt lost the contract for the m16 and m4 , it was picked up by fnh ) , the new automatic rifles for the marine corps are german , our current service pistols are italian , and our next service pistol is swiss . 
  the cannons on our main battle tanks are german . 
  the f-35 and some other advanced systems have components made by bae ( uk ) . 
  no one is demanding that european armies buy american gear , any more than it was demanded that the usa buy european . 
  every time you try to become powerful , you start killing each other . 
  you got ta learn from us and find people who are n't your neighbors to fight . 
  also , for the love of god , please make the royal navy huge again . 
  i 'm a patriotic american serviceman and even i think it 's a damn shame how much y' all have squandered your seafaring heritage by letting us tea-defiling colonials have total control of the seas . 
  cypriots used to dat mediterranean climate are gon na have a bad time, 
  enjoy your moose, 
  i fucking knew it . 
  you 're still mad about the tea are n't you ? 
  i for one would welcome the idea of an eu army . 
  i think it 's a great idea and you guys should definitely look into it . 
  as things currently stand , in military terms europe is a collection of small , relatively weak armies . 
  especially given the `` not my problem '' attitude that seems to prevail in the western nations , it 's vulnerable to being taken apart piecemeal , with an aggressor taking on one or two small armies at a time . 
  a pan-european army would be able to correct that weakness and present a unified , efficient force and thus a credible deterrent that can work alongside the usa as an equal . 
  you do realize that all the major european states have their own robust defense industries right ? 
  that 's the funny thing about defense , is that you do n't need it until suddenly , you do . 
  yeah , those guys got in huge trouble for that , for obvious reasons . 
  turks are the second-largest military in nato and us foreign policy has been and probably will continue to be a short-sighted disaster , so you probably have the right idea . 
  west va is beautiful but it 's also an economic wasteland due to the coal industry dying out and taking entire towns with it . 
  lots of poor , angry country folk as a result . 
  lots of alcohol making . 
  craft beer , moonshine , and whisky . 
  it 's probably america 's most generic state . 
  it 's good , you 'll like it . 
  pretty much all our population is concentrated on the coasts or around the great lakes . 
  i hope you like cornfields , toll roads , and shady politicians . 
  probably the most beautiful place i 've ever visited . 
  eternally neutral but always ready to defend it by being crazy-prepared and armed to the teeth . 
  delicious chocolate . 
  excellent rifles ( i own an old k11 and it 's wonderful ) , with sig being an extremely popular brand in the usa , to the point that our next military service pistol is going to be a sig design . 
  four national languages . 
  good exchange rate for us american visitors :p, 
  til that germany is everything to everyone, 
  and that 's the perception among our military , is that europe expects us to do the majority of the fighting and dying whenever the next big conflict hits . 
  we 're happy to stand with our allies , but right now things are feeling a bit too one-sided . 
  american military perspective here : i think a lot of the talk about the spending increase is largely symbolic . 
  the crux of it is that europe has prospered under an american shield . 
  generally , we are happy to stand beside our european allies , but there is something of a perception that we have to do all the heavy lifting . 
  it feels like an uneven relationship . 
  it feels like we are spending money and sending thousands of troops overseas to help people who wo n't even meet a bare minimum of spending on their own defense . 
  it 's because the impression is that many european nations are taking us defense for granted . 
  i think if you guys could at least say `` look we are at least meeting the agreed-upon spending requirements '' , it 'd feel like the relationship was less one-sided . 
  so we get to this point where resentment starts to build , where our economy is bad and we 're asking why we 're spending money to defend people who take it for granted and are perceived to be unwilling to lift a finger for their own defense . 
  this is just my two cents . 
  yeah so far nothing going on in dc right now has been good . 
  i 'm legit worried about what is going to happen with this administration . 
  i just hope secdef can keep the military and our foreign policy intact . 
  polenar tactical !, 
  evil fascist cult reeeeeeeeeee, 
  yeah .
