just about all of the couples i know here met either through uni courses , work or were part of the same social group . 
  it 's kinda hard to say who initiates in those circumstances it 's more like the `` row '' into a relationship so to say . 
  it was going down the entire time the were part of the government though . 
  no dairy queen but do have random people falling asleep along the beachfront . 
  kinda like spring break beach holidays in the us from what i gather, 
  the marketing team at the time thought that the german version would n't sell as well in the uk due to lingering wwii sentiment is the story i 've heard . 
  maybe it be better if it gave a right to residency and a quicker path to citizenship ? 
  that way it would allow you to come back and if you stayed a couple of years obtain citizenship . 
  the vatican city since divorce is illegal there . 
  malta also has a low divorce rate due to the fact it was illegal until 2012 iirc . 
  depending on where you go you may not even need a tent , we have bothies ( http://www.mountainbothies.org.uk/whatisabothy.asp ) basically stone shelters for hikers to stay overnight . 
  odd where i 'm from it tends to be second generation migrants that are over represented in those figures . 
  first gen migrants actually have a far lower crime rate than the native population . 
  carers for elderly people . 
  or more precisely carers for elderly people at a pay grade that the old folks and the state can afford . 
  there was a chinese guy standing for them in the helsinki council elections though speaking to the guy i 'm not sure he knew what the party was about . 
  in fact i 'm not sure he was all there mentally . 
  in scotland the division of protestant is similar to what you guys have , possibly due to a similar presbyterian background with very loose state control . 
  so the main groups are : church of scotland the official national church though the state actually has no role in the church which is your mainline protestant church . 
  catholic church . 
  anglican church , similar to church of england with the queen as its head . 
  free church of scotland or `` wee free '' church which split off from the main national church some 100 years ago . 
  free presbyterian church of scotland or `` wee wee free '' church although it actually split off earlier than the above church . 
  baptists , methodists and congregationalist churches are also fairly common . 
  the area i 'm from has a fairly big mormon church but not sure how common they are in the rest of scotland . 
  and also many small independent presbyterian calvinist churches throughout the country . 
  do n't they still have a good chunk of seats in the house of lords ? 
  26 seats if source i checked is correct . 
  roughly 5 fatalities a year in the uk from cow attacks . 
  that figure is not counting fatal traffic collisions with bovines . 
  that does imply cornwall would be home to some of the most attractive people . 
  far greater access to coal could be one reason http://www.auburn.edu/academic/classes/univ/0101/summ1/eindust3.jpg article that map is from talks about possible reasons . 
  where were you going ? 
  i 've only noticed that when traveling within the nordic council countries . 
  i 've found there seems to be a generational thing with understanding of finnish the younger someone is the more they seem to prefer english over finnish . 
  this is for tallinn, 
  neds generally who are probably closer to rednecks than games wannabes . 
  then you could access the kela system . 
  i 'm a student atm . 
  i would need to become a permanent resident . 
  yes . 
  at least i know in finland if i receive care it gets billed to the nhs . 
  actually the younger generation in the uk are less likely to be regular drink or drug users than their parents generation . 
  i believe the first generation to show such a trend at least post war . 
  my anatomy professor claimed other wise . 
  the liver is pretty good at repairing itself . 
  so a massive bender once a month allows the liver time to recover but a constantly `` high '' ( probably what most people consider moderate ) intake every week will slowly destroy it over the years . 
  i just have his word to go on though . 
  not aware of any studies, 
  who does austria celebrate independence from ? 
  some words even have triple vowels . 
  i really struggle with them . 
  i think is supposed to be among the hardest in the world in terms of how long it takes native kids to learn . 
  how would you do it ? 
  not all european languages are from the same family so trying to take traits from them all would be impossible . 
  used to have an english teacher called mrs english . 
  have also come across scotland and irish as a surname, 
  i 've seen a lot of nepali restaurants of all things in the helsinki area . 
  menu is exact same as you 'd get at a typical british indian but quality is not as good . 
  was part of what became norway for a time and had a lot of viking settlers in that region . 
  teams tend to be quite tied to they area they 're based in with usually the majority of fans coming from the same area . 
  we had the team formerly known as wimbledon move to milton keynes and get renamed mkdons . 
  did n't hurt them too much the lost a chunk of fans from london but as milton keynes did n't have a local league team they picked up some from there . 
  in response some the fans of wimbledon in london set up a new team called afc wimbledon they 've been promoted up the league system numerous times and now play in the same league as mkdons . 
  is the kalevala part of the curriculum ? 
  nobody i know in finland seems to know that much about it . 
  i guess eventually i would as a monarchy is n't really compatible with the values of equality and democracy but it 's such a non issue at the moment that every single other issue the country has would have to be solved first . 
  i doubt such a sparsely populated region would be able to support itself economically . 
  end of the gulf war to blair 's election i 'd say . 
  britain - currently imploding . 
  finland - currently imploding . 
  in finland when finishing high school they wear this cap https://finland.fi/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/2834-14697922-550px-jpg.jpg reminds me of a sailors cap but my friends do n't seem to like it when i tell them it looks like that . 
  i doubt the uk would ask them to leave . 
  the civil service will be strained enough as is i doubt it would cope with having to process applications and appeals from some 3 million people and enforcing deportations on them if their applications and inevitable appeals failed . 
  hell you can get cheap burner phones for about # 20 where i 'm from and even an iphone from a couple of generation ago for under # 50 in the second hand shops . 
  smartphones are n't all that expensive especially if you do n't want brand new top of the line stuff . 
  do n't know about the country you went to but at the uk border it literally says if you wish to declare asylum do so now in big letters both on the wall and the arrival form, 
  is n't there a thing where if you 're born in ni you can get an irish passport if you want . 
  if you arrive by plane with a passport you still wo n't be deported as long as you say at the border you intend to claim asylum . 
  then you 're treated like anyone else claiming asylum, 
  a lake up in the hills . 
  funnily enough the springs that feed the lake are used by mineral water companies to bottle water that is then sold to people for many times the price of the exact same thing coming out of the tap . 
  finnish since i 'm currently studying here . 
  not personally but had the lolly pop man ( crossing guard ) in my hometown suspended pending investigation because the parents complained that he had grabbed their child . 
  the reason he grabbed the kid was she was away to step out in front of a car . 
  same for where i grew up . 
  my dad traced it back to the 1500s . 
  all farmers and fisherman from the same village we currently live in . 
  odd coincidence as we moved here 20 years ago with no knowledge our ancestors lived here . 
  the range of biscuits available , the ability of people to form an orderly queue and affordable whisky . 
  do n't miss the showers as you mention as well as the build quality of houses and flats . 
  is n't that why you have a futures market ? 
  the `` lock them up and throw away the key '' approach appeals to peoples base emotions . 
  it 's why prison reform is typically very difficult to get popular support for despite the fact that studies show it is the most beneficial outcome for everyone . 
  yup . 
  tbh emost places outside the us the liberals tend to be centre to centre right . 
  not so much recent immigrants but irish families with catholicism obviously . 
  queuing . 
  i can honestly say in my travels through europe no country queues as well as we do . 
  ( note that does n't apply to london where people appear to have forgotten how to queue . ),
