  tbh i found it a bit much when international cities were doing that for london when we have had vehicle accidents with a higher injury and fatality rate than that attack . 
  is n't that the same for most languages though ? 
  most people do n't in the uk do n't speak the typical received pronunciation that is associated with an english accent . 
  scotland would work in addition anywhere in the u.k. except for certain cities in england . 
  it 's a gradual phase out until next year i believe there has been a limit on what you can charge that has been lowered at certain points in the past but no outright ban on charges yet . 
  the interest rate on the loan is higher in england ( inflation + 3 % ) than in scotland & ni ( 1.25 % ) too . 
  finnish learner here , but appears he was trying to say `` do n't wank off the boar too quickly . '', 
  but did n't conjugate the words properly not that i 've ever heard that as a saying . 
  fit fit fits fit fit . 
  which shoe goes on which foot . 
  i ca n't even remember the last time i saw one with the eu flag, 
  nah they 've all been english as a second language folk . 
  it does piss me off but then that 's because it 's my native language . 
  i occasionally get someone who has invariably learned the `` proper '' english pronunciation telling me i pronounce something wrong , failing to realise practically no native speaker speaks that way . 
  i doubt we 'll see it in my lifetime so it should n't be a primary objective for now . 
  i was gon na go for a chicken tikka masala for the main . 
  always thought god save the queen was pretty awful and would prefer land of hope and glory/pomp and circumstance march 1 in d major for the uk national anthem, 
  for scottish cities . 
  aberdonian/doric dundonian glaswegian invernesian and cunts fae edinburgh, 
  i always thought that it would have made more sense having those as mini-currency unions before jumping right in to the euro, 
  if you calculate it per head , everywhere in the uk is being subsidised by london . 
  we did in primary school but that was not really part of the curriculum and more due to the fact that our ~ 60 year old teacher grew up as a gypsy, 
  emotionally i can see why others and occasion myself get annoyed at what seems like light sentencing . 
  but if you look at the actual results when it comes to re-offending it 's clear that it 's a better method when it comes to reducing crime and re-offending than the lock them up and throw away the key approach . 
  what 's this got to do with europe ? 
  i more mean i struggle to say them without stopping for air . 
  why you have to shove all the words together to make one big long compound noun . 
  also how to pronounce triple vowel sounds in words . 
  example for both of the above ymp\u00e4rist\u00f6nsuojeluorganisaatioille . 
  also how the written language i have spent the last two years learning is barely related to the spoken language that actually gets used day to day . 
  if our society is so weak that an influx of less then 1 % is going to overturn society and lead to fundamentalist rule is it really worth saving ? 
  surely that goes for anyone outside the west ? 
  i think all swedes are neeps, 
  link to the spaghetti tree https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvo_wkxh9du, 
  financial times usually sticks pretty close to just giving you the facts . 
  it does make it a bit boring to read though and do n't expect any in-depth analysis of social issues . 
  the abortion act 1967 - should add i 've never known any one to get refused an abortion as they will always say that mental health would be harmed by continuing the pregnancy . 
  and i do n't think you need to see two drs you see one and he usually gets another to sign off on it . 
  i mean the guardian fits those criteria but i would n't really call it unbiased . 
  we call it tall poppy syndrome or crabs in a bucket . 
  summer olympics and paralympics are really big/popular/well followed in the u.k. 
  the winter olympics nowhere near to the same degree . 
  what are your qualifications and what languages do you know ? 
  from there it 's probably to look at a national or a company level . 
  true having live in finland for a wee bit and had the opportunity to visit some of the schools the biggest difference i 've noticed to the u.k. is that attitude of people towards education and i speculate that it is a big part of the better results they achieve . 
  bear in mind in the uk we really do n't do anything on christmas eve bar a midnight service if you are religious . 
  to be fair i find that 's the same with most of the non former soviet block countries . 
  they 'll switch to english as soon as they notice your foreign sounding accent . 
  pretty much everything that 's called india food in the u.k, 
  occasional news story here and there but honestly not in the news often unless someone bombs a hospital or something . 
  it 's sort of both . 
  the stereotypical little englander thinks the entire country is going to shit while still being better than any other one . 
  or alternatively every gets to mock you . 
  i noticed that with football . 
  scotlands big rivalry is with england who do n't care as much as the germans are their big rivals and about half the germans i 've met in turn consider the dutch bigger rivals than the english . 
  we get them but as you can see on the caller who is calling my family does n't answer if it is a withheld number . 
  although i wonder if it really counts as foreign since it was invented in the u.k. 
  same with most of what we call indian food . 
  ripping the prices for next year off of the scottish dentistry site . 
  examination no charge two small x-rays # 4.76 simple gum treatment ( scale & polish ) # 10.88 small amalgam ( silver ) filing # 7.40 large amalgam ( silver ) filing # 19.00 root canal treatment ( front tooth ) # 40.00 single crown ( front tooth ) # 72.00 simple extraction ( one tooth ) # 6.84 complete ( upper and lower ) dentures # 150.28 capped at # 384 max or so iirc and free for u18 , students and pregnant and nursing mothers . 
  why spanish before french ? 
  was n't it french back in the early days of the e.c. ? 
  that and a lot of legal documents written in french as the second language . 
  tbh i 'd be surprised if english gets replaced given how wide spread it is amongst the member states as well as being the official language of two of them . 
  no fees i regularly get sent stuff via that route . 
  they do do item checks but in my experience they are n't all that thorough . 
  kosice of the one 's i have visited was very beautiful and somwhere i 'd never heard about before . 
  yep it 's always fun reading about the refugee crisis from people who 've probably never seen one in their life, 
  does it say anywhere how they define tax revenue ? 
  i know the u.k. figure sometimes comes out lower as local council tax does n't get included . 
  oh definitely and it 's not necessarily that more liberal = better . 
  well most of the above are the same across the eu . 
  although marriage rights is a good one i had n't thought of comparing . 
  well why not the state liquor stores ? 
  allowing the sale anywhere is a more liberal position . 
  on the subject of alcohol drinking age for spirits is older and therefore less liberal than elsewhere in europe . 
  similarly restrictions on what medicines are available over the counter tend to be a bit more restrictive ( though that i base off my experience in finland i could weel be incorrect about the other nordic countries . ), 
  for example if you were to compare marijuana laws it 's still illegal and quite heavily penalized in some scandinavian countries and yet is decriminalized in portugal and the netherlands . 
  ( iirc all drug possession is decriminalized in portugal ), 
  you 'll probably have to define liberal for that . 
  scndinavian countries tend not to be all that liberal when it comes to personal freedoms and such . 
  and that 's before the difficulty of trying to compare parties across countries where what 's right wing for one may be centrist to another . 
  what 's the proper english word for skiver ? 
  not sure for denmark but i know sweden another oft cited socialist country has a far lower corporate tax and is rated as an easier place to do business than most of the u.s. 
  scots comes in handy abroad if locals insist on speaking english when you 're trying to learn the local language . 
  happens in most countries i 've found only exception being if the person does n't speak english . 
  i always thought that was the big problem with the euro was trying to tie together so many separate economies to one currency . 
  i 'd prefer if they 'd done it in stages like say have the nordics form one currency union benelux another . 
  with the euro as is you have to apply the same monetary policy to the netherlands as you do to italy despite them having different needs . 
  subtitles it is weird to watch when the words and mouths do n't match . 
  i always found it weird that languages like czech and slovak ; danish and norwegian are considered separate yet are almost entirely mutually intelligible . 
  yet me a doric speaking aberdonian when having a phone conversation with a a very scouse sounding lady it took us about a minute and several repetitions for us to parse each other sentences . 
  rumoured than when they showed trawlermen and still game on rest of uk telly it needed subtitles but no idea if that was actually true . 
  trick is use when i get annoyed at people switching to english is to speaking in the strongest form of my local accent i can . 
  they usually switch back . 
  i always wondered if they 're so big on nationalism why are they named after a foreign god never worshiped in the country . 
  banana man !, 
  https://www.beano.com/character/bananaman/ even had a tv show when i was a kid . 
  the doses even in undiluted toilet bleach really are n't enough to do you much harm . 
  assuming we mean hypochlorite i 've seen what is called bleach vary a bit .
