  we have been investing in english for so long . 
  was there really any another option ? 
  greece and ireland were not even remotely in similar situations . 
  also , the austerity measures were nowhere near being in the same scale . 
  even christine lagarde admitted that the institutions made mistakes during that period . 
  how many times we have to go over this ? 
  you can not intercept the boats because as soon as they see the greek coast guard they sink them . 
  at this point the only thing the coast guard can do is collect and register them . 
  you could not send them back to turkey ( that was before the eu agreement ) because refugees do not belong to turkey and dublin regulations do not apply to them because they are not in the eu . 
  you know what 's better than feta ? 
  more feta !, 
  what if name yourself bill gates and proceed to claim his property , history and legacy ? 
  there are literally hundreds of places across the globe named after ancient greek places , but they do n't appropriate any of the history or the culture , they 're just named after them . 
  this is not what is happening with this despite . 
  if greece was wasting `` a fuckton '' of diplomatic capital we would n't have this despite right now . 
  `` sharing '' requires mutual agreement . 
  this is not what is happening at all . 
  true . 
  i actually picked croatia . 
  i guess i did n't correlate dolphins directly with greece in that way , since they can be found in so many places across the world . 
  needless to say i felt pretty stupid . 
  that awkward moment when you get the only question about your country wrong . 
  i though our national animal would be a goat or something . 
  anyway , i did way better than i expected . 
  i only missed the queen and king , the tulip and the dolphin question . 
  the perception of heritage and identity is a lot different in europe than in america . 
  europe is interconnected , that means that people maintain close bonds with their culture despite living in another country . 
  also , a lot of national identities have roots on certain ethnic groups , while n.america primarily consists of a variety of migrants from around the globe . 
  actually , greeks did n't exist before 1990 . 
  we came crawling out of the aegean sea and stole the first identity we found close to us , because we were too lazy to do any research . 
  hence the naming dispute . 
  we are actually communist hairy octopuses in disguise . 
  hence the economic crisis . 
  ( = touch red ! ) . 
  then you supposedly try to find anything that is colored red to touch , which kinda sucks if you 're colorblind . 
  it 's actually quite common for diaspora to retain old fashioned values . 
  but the good thing is that , in the case of greek diaspora at least , it retains some of the old traditions and customs that are absent from major cities in greece nowadays . 
  i was watching a greek tv show the other day , that goes around greece showing the local traditional/folk music , and they had an episode dedicated to griko people and music that was fascinating . 
  their dialect is like hearing an italian born that lives in crete or cyprus , hehe . 
  in greece , it 's the most common way of greeting between m/f and f/f . 
  m/m used to be more common but it is kinda dying out nowadays ( with the exception of family members ) . 
  can confirm . 
  i 'm poor and walk everywhere . 
  but you know what ? 
  amazing butt !, 
  just saying . 
  and grocery stores . 
  americans really love driving through things . 
  edit : apparently americans do n't like driving through grocery stores , they 're more into pharmacies . 
  drive-through banks . 
  having 4 seasons instead of 2 . 
  my favorite is nikos kazatzakis ( the last temptation of christ , zorba the greek , captain michalis ) odysseas elytis and giorgos seferis are my favorite poets as well as other writers of the 1930s generation like nikos kavvadias , stratis myrivilis . 
  i 'd say [ \u03a4\u03bf \u039d\u03b7\u03c3\u03af ( the island ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luqx2fxt6la ) is one of the best tv series . 
  no , however , in my experience , turks vary a lot in terms of culture depending on where they 're from . 
  turkey is a large country after all . 
  yes , a lot of islands have a code you need to follow in order to maintain the theme of the island . 
  i wish the village where my family comes from had these type of restrictions though . 
  few years ago somebody decided to build a medieval-esque house ( with crenelated walls and everything ) in the middle of the village which completely ruined the view in this , otherwise picturesque , little village . 
  as far as i am aware , in athens you ca n't build a building that is taller than the parthenon . 
  getting worse and worse . 
  more and more businesses close down or move to other countries by the day . 
  unemployment rate is sky high . 
  wages getting cut , prices on basic commodities going up . 
  by the way , the bailout money is used to service the debt ( which is the reason we get the money in the first place ) , but only a very small percentage goes to stimulus packages . 
  refugee crisis hits greece really hard , most international media do n't mention a thing , but shit is going to hit the fan really soon if eu does n't come up with a proper paneuropean plan . 
  because right wing parties tend to value individualism and national identity a lot more . 
  also , european federalism as a concept is pretty skewed at the moment . 
  people think we 're so lazy , we do n't even bother finishing a sente, 
  due to the economic crisis , cars ( especially the expensive ones ) do n't hold their value very well and although there are incentives to buy new eco-friendly cars , like lower taxes for example , the second hand market is pretty much the go to for most people . 
  politicians are viewed as old people who never had any actual real world career . 
  they dedicate all their lives to climb the political ladder for their own benefits . 
  as such , corruption and nepotism is really prevalent and the ambitious young talented politicians never get very far . 
  [ this is how the ballot papers look . 
  ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user5/imageroot/2015/01/ballots.jpg ), 
  americans are , generally speaking , very optimistic and maintain a positive attitude . 
  i like it because , it reminds me how greeks were in the past . 
  success is pursued a lot more and the `` no1 '' mentality , although often juvenile , can lead to great things . 
  also , jazz . 
  that they 're spraying chemicals on us in order to make us brain-dead . 
  having lived here for a long time i 'd say that it 's probably true . 
  exactly the same in greece . 
  that 's the before the fight picture !, 
   where sweden 's demographic makeup is not tied to greece 's border control that 's funny because without eu there would n't be a dublin regulation which protects the north . 
  i wonder why nobody ever worries about greece 's demographics all these decades . 
  [ the army of `` this is sparta '' walks !, 
  ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-9f5d7agmm20/uzbe9yvnm1i/aaaaaaaenok/6zzxgzehtdg/s1600/030_jpg.jpg ) [ after the fight !, 
  ] ( http://resize.over-blog.com/1020x765.jpg?http://idata.over-blog.com/3/90/37/97/evzones/evzones1.jpg ), 
  a lot of reddit is pro federal europe , so it makes sense that they identify as europeans first . 
  it ranges between `` lovely people , i am glad they 're embracing the culture and enjoying themselves here '' to `` why is that drunk tourist defecating outside of that church ? '', 
  during my military service i met a guy who lived all his life on mountains , never been to a beach , never even seen the sea from distance . 
  he said he would rather die than live in a near sea area . 
  he was later stationed in the island of limnos . 
  poor bastard . 
  but cypriot greek is even more confusing !, 
  france or austria . 
  language is n't an issue for me , i am equally horrible at learning any of them :p, 
  we have a small minority of [ dodekatheists ] ( http://s.nbst.gr/files/1/2014/09/26/ellhnes.medium.jpg ) who reconstructed the ancient greek religion . 
  it 's mostly a lifestyle type of thing as far as i understand it . 
  they obviously do n't do sacrifices , like the ancients did . 
  cyprus .
