golden dawn is not a new party . 
  it has been there for a while , but they did n't have any significance in the past and were always seen as a bunch of crazies . 
  they recently gain more support ( 6,99 % by the way , not 8 % ) mostly because of the following . 
  - economic crisis makes people gravitate towards more radical parties , especially when the mainstream parties fail again and again . 
  - immigration crisis . 
  a lot of people felt threatened when their neighborhoods were affected by the large influx of migrants in athens and some islands . 
  - they are the only right wing party that is clearly eurosceptic and anti-austerity . 
  - media and pretty much everyone else are bluntly against them and they do n't treat them equally as a political party . 
  because of this , some people think they are the underdog that everybody afraids . 
  they have gained a `` fighter '' status instead of `` crazy fascist '' status . 
  - they get some votes from the younger generation that has been relatively apathetic and not politically aware . 
  the fact that media do n't give them a fair spotlight to express how ludicrous they really are , manages to blur their true ideologies . 
  combine that with their stance on pragmatic situations ( like immigration mentioned above ) makes them `` not that bad '' for some . 
  you 're confusing registration of migrants with asylum applications . 
  they are two completely different things that get handled in different ways . 
  when migrants come to lesvos and kos , they need to register in order to proseed to immigration centers in athens and thessaloniki . 
  now , if they are syrian refugees they usually have some form of identification ( passport , id etc. ), 
  which makes it easier to register . 
  but a lot of them do n't have any papers whatsoever . 
  and as you can guess , most of them lie in order to gain refugee status and apply for asylum in other countries . 
  this process takes time and with the combination of influx of migrants daily on these island it makes it impossible to process . 
  that is because new mexico does n't appropriate the historical or cultural identity of mexico . 
  the same way you have city and region named athens in america as well , yet you do n't see any greeks complaining about that either . 
  santorini is n't unique in greece either . 
  there other islands that have the same architecture . 
  eresos in lesbos is a worldwide hotspot during summer for lesbian women though . 
  although toyota has some competitive prices compare to some german marques , they are not cheaper than some italian or french cars for example . 
  the reason why toyota and other japanese car manufacturers are popular in greece is because of the reliability , especially if you live in rural areas were roads are not in the best condition . 
  you have no idea how many turists do that !, 
  probably the [ junta in the late 60s early 70s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_military_junta_of_1967%e2%80%9374 ) . 
  orthodoxy, 
  for those that are not aware there was a [ siemens greek bribery scandal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siemens_greek_bribery_scandal ), 
  although kke numbers have been declining , it was always a party that had relatively decent presence on the parliament . 
  most other parties came and go throughout the years . 
  most votes are indeed protest votes . 
  the real communists are a smaller percentage , mainly people over the age of 65 . 
  nowadays it promotes it self as mostly a `` labor '' party or party of the people , not so much as a communist party . 
  however , it has not been modernized enough , they still use the same old wooden language , the same old arguments about capitalism etc. 
  kke also has a very active youth organization called kne , that feeds the main party and keeps it alive . 
  as someone who has never voted for either one of the two big parties ( pasok and new democracy ) in my 10 years of active voting , i can say that indeed there were not clear great alternatives . 
  that , of course , does not excuse that people indeed elected the same old corrupt politicians again and again . 
  and yes , it is not uncalled for to put blame on greek people for that . 
  but , the only alternative that was somewhat stable over the years is kke ( and as we all know it is still stuck in 1960s ) . 
  the others were small parties , with not always very clear political direction and the ones that happen to have bigger support and political influence were decelerated as opposition parties unable to govern , even refuse to collaborate with the government in fields that supposedly excel at . 
  there was always a climate of not wanting to take any responsibility for anything , that includes syriza as well by the way . 
  ambitious young politicians that wanted to make a change and did n't care about the political game that much , joined those two parties for this reason . 
  not because they believed in them , but because there was no other realistic option . 
  however , the corruption and nepotism in these two big parties did not let them go very far . 
  also , pasok did not get elected again in 2009 because it promised more money , that was actually a popular joke among the greeks at that time ( \u039b\u03b5\u03c6\u03c4\u03ac \u03c5\u03c0\u03ac\u03c1\u03c7\u03bf\u03c5\u03bd = we have the money ) they voted for them because at that time it was perceived as the lesser of two evils . 
  same with the 2015 election , people did n't vote for tsipras because they believed he would turn europe upside down and end austerity forever , they did it because nd once again failed and there was no other alternative . 
  his speach does n't aim to convince or make an argument . 
  it 's mostly to engourage people that already going to vote `` no '' , since that is the point of this rally . 
  he already did interviews about why people should vote `` no '' . 
  greece does n't transport them to the border , they go there themselves from athens because they follow the path to northern europe . 
  but now that other countries closed their borders , migrants are trapped in northen greece ( idomeni ) . 
  it 's not so much the crisis that made starbucks decline so much in greece , but rather their main competitor , mikel . 
  also none of the american cities appropriate the history or culture of the original cities , they 're just named after them . 
  tourist season was pretty bad for lesvos as a whole , especially for tourist destinations in the north . 
  locals had to work with refugees in order to brake even . 
  most businesses i know went under and closed down before the season ended , but there are indeed people that made a lot of money from the refugee crisis alone . 
  i love auguste renoir and claude monet . 
  impressionism movement in general is one of my favorites . 
  galinos ( \u0393\u03b1\u03bb\u03b7\u03bd\u03cc\u03c2 ) means calm or gentle . 
  kinda surprised by elafonisos . 
  it 's rare to see it in top 10 lists . 
  also this is the first time i see hungarian writing i think . 
  seems very interesting !, 
  damn , even the greek islands left greece due to economic crisis . 
  having a greek subculture or retain a 1950s identity in a completely different society has nothing to do with people who live in greece right now . 
  you have developed your own culture , the greek-american culture and should be proud of that . 
  generally speaking greeks find greek-americans and especially greek-australians traditionalist that differ from the people of greece . 
  this is why a lot of new immigrants from greece ( due to economic crisis ) avoid these communities . 
  my initial statement regarding politics stays . 
  we have completely different view on politics which is natural , since we 're living in different societies . 
   those westerners of the eu , the nato , the usa , etc , loaded us up with denbts and it 's their fault ask greeks whether they think the debt is eus fault or is it the fault of the people who took the loans and completely mismanaged them in order to fulfill their political agenda and corruption . 
  greek people blame themselves for the debt , but blame the troika for the failed austerity measures . 
   russia will invade turkey and deliver constantinople back to us hate to break the narrative of `` delusional greeks '' in this thread , but nobody gives a shit about istanbul . 
  i am sorry , but greek-americans and greeks have very little in common nowadays . 
  from a political standpoint most greek-americans traditionally support the republican party . 
  in greece republicans are loathed across the political spectrum , all the way from left to right . 
  democrats are not viewed very well either , but they are in a way better standing , especially recently thanks to obama . 
  while greece has way to go in terms of gender equality , having female political party leaders is far from being a new thing . 
  we also did have a female prime minister of greece . 
  though technically , she was acting pm in order to lead the country to elections , but still she was officially the head of greece . 
  to answer your original question . 
  historically russia has always been a good friend and an ally to us , even through wars and always supported our international matters . 
  the pro russia sentiment became especially strong after the junta , which was aided by the us and it was one of the darkest periods of modern greek history . 
  nowadays there are a lot of russian entrepreneurs investing in greece and russian tourism is very important to a lot of places . 
  however that does n't mean most greeks approve their actions in ukraine for example . 
  we were just always being in good terms . 
   in the tweet above they published this map as the alleged route . 
  you can see the plane circle for some time before it gained permission to land at istanbul ataturk international airport . 
  airplanes doing circles before they gain permission to land is a pretty standard procedure . 
  if you look at all the air traffic during the coup attempt you 'll see that pretty much every single civilian aircraft was doing circles for up to an hour before they either gained permission to land or finally gave up and returned to the airport they came from . 
  not finishing the job like a real greek !, 
   i sat in my car next to a beach and cried while the god sauce flowed down my chin unto my chest while i was slowly and carefully enjoying that savory goodness . 
  this guy gets it . 
  i was not implying that greece did n't make any mistakes , we obviously did ( although the tricks that goldman did to get us to ez were also done by other countries from the same company as well as moodys ) , not implying than eu is a bad idea either ( i personally am proeu and proez ) . 
  i am just pointing out that the ireland situation was different than the on in greece and it 's unfair to put them in the same boat . 
  why was this even a thing to begin with ?
