  that the german new sources have never lied ? 
  that they lied but for different reasons than i said ? 
  that money sources never corrupt things ? 
  there 's numerous occasions where they have very blatantly shown and said false things . 
  ca n't find a link but the most obvious was the one where the bundestag booed and i think it was zdf cut that out and replaced it with shots of them cheering . 
  it seems more like you 're just trolling than actually thinking . 
  here = germany dozens of private ones that make up a tiny market share . 
  show me something that says ard , zdf , and the hundreds of rundfunkbeitrag local tv and radio stations are not where the majority of germans get their news and i will shut up . 
   i think your conclusion ` they get money from the state -  they have to lie ' is just wrong . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
  that is not what i said at all and by putting it in black and white like that it only shows you are grasping at straws . 
  all new agencies will lie , bottom line . 
  the question is when , how much , and for what reasons will they do it . 
  some lie more than others . 
  its not new that things which are critical of the german government , the gez ( yes i know its not their name any more but its easier ) , has lied or simply avoided the topic . 
  for anyone to think that they would n't do this during probably the biggest political issue in recent history is willfully ignorant at best . 
  the problem is the vast majority of news here comes from government run news agencies . 
  yes , they 're legally a separate entity but i think you 're lying to yourself if you think they will bite the hand that feeds them ( too hard ) . 
  people here seem to trust that more , their purpose was to give you the news without big corporations threatening to pull funding for giving them bad press like a commercial news agency does . 
  except since their money is forcibly taken from people with the backing of the government , you run into the same conflict of interest that they risk losing money by pissing off the wrong people in the government . 
  it was inevitable that people would start to notice ; i 'm more surprised it too this long . 
  i guess it required a pretty big disagreement between what the government wants and what the people want before it was impossible for regular people to keep lying to themselves . 
  what i do n't understand is , does n't turkey have a way for the parliament to remove the president ? 
  most western countries have a way to prevent exactly this kind of situation . 
  this happened in germany a few months ago . 
  it turned out the guy who was supposed to be monitoring for this was playing a game on his phone instead . 
  edit : ca n't find an article in english but this one in german says it is believed he was playing a game and was arrested and is under investigation for criminal negligence . 
  i do n't believe the trial has started yet nor do i know when it will be . 
  oh , well then the racism thing can play a role . 
  they really should just have stated that it was most likely suicide because clearly i did not get the euphemism . 
  but i do n't see where they say it was a suicide . 
  i do n't see in the article where they say it was a suicide . 
  i do n't see in the article where they say it was a suicide . 
   devon and cornwall police have said they are not treating the incident as suspicious so if its not suspicious , then it has nothing to do with racism and the title is just to grab attention ? 
  bullying happens every where , in my 90 % middle class white christian school , the kids still found other criteria to group and bully based on . 
  muslims would naturally do the same , although i am told by muslim friends that there are always clashed between the various secs . 
  sunni and shiite being the two large ones which are currently fighting a war which extends into the two groups fighting each other on the school grounds in western countries . 
  political suicide ? 
  i always assumed it was because they have to sign over the rights to the song to eurovision . 
  so anyone who can write a multimillion dollar song sells it to biance and the likes . 
  is n't that also why when a country does really want to win , they just spend a bunch of money to hire already successful song writers and performers ? 
  so they 're just showing how generic these songs are ? 
  that bread they make is delicious . 
  i do n't live in the usa . 
  yes , its the same for the usa , but that 's all on the wrong continent . 
  we 're talking about europe in this subreddit . 
  germany , even the malls are n't open on sundays and everything closes at 8pm and many stores close at 6pm . 
  supermarket open at all on a sunday ? 
  what magical land do you live in ?!? 
  that was one of my biggest problems when i moved here , especially the first 3 months i did n't have a car . 
  that meant after work i could only get to 1 store per day . 
  i remember it taking 3 hours to buy a set of dishes , this was incredibly frustrating . 
  now with a car i can get to 2 or 3 but its still annoying and i feel like i 'm sitting at home a lot needing something from a store to complete a project but unable to get them . 
  mainly i 've switched to shopping online and getting things delivered to my office . 
  i have no idea how some of these small local stores survive . 
  i 've also pushed a lot of my little daily tasks like you listed onto the hr department of my company . 
  not sure if they 're pissed off at me for doing this yet . 
  that 's pretty much how it works in every country . 
  if the person pays their share that the government is 100 % sure about its far easier and faster to just let them go on that . 
  if they have to investigate it means the work of many people for a long time and probably long court cases too . 
  it could be dragged out for years before the government gets anything . 
  a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush . 
  whoa , settle down there , no one ever said you had anything to do with this . 
  if you 're going to get all upset then maybe you need to back away from the computer . 
  i 'm responding to you because you responded to me . 
  after being in caucasia , all i 'm saying is to me its not even close to a european culture there . 
  they were just as close as at least tunisia , which with your historical ties was a major roman center and part of the ottoman empire . 
  and i chose morocco just because geographically its closer to the european continent than armenia is . 
  all i 'm saying is the way that some were included while others were n't does not make sense to me . 
  ok , so looking at a map of what is considered europe , i see that azerbaijan has a decent chunk of land north of the caucus mountains but georgia looks like it has maybe 1,000 km ^ 2 in the middle of the mountains ( which google says is a planned national park ) . 
  kazakhstan looks like it has a larger claim to being part of europe than they do . 
  as for culture being connected , does that mean tunisia and morocco are invited too ? 
  not in the video but i really do n't understand why so many middle eastern countries will often participate and associate with europe . 
  turkey , georgia , azerbaijan , armenia , israel ... most do n't even share a border . 
  i 'm going to take a guess you 're from the west coast because they seem to have a delusional view of themselves . 
  a quick google search will show you that the west coast is not where our best k-12 schools ( on average ) are located . 
  its more the north east and mid west . 
  the whole point of my post was that you ca n't say `` overall '' and then compare the us to the likes of switzerland , a country whom even germany complains only allows their top students to take the standard tests which these rankings come from . 
  yes , there are many european countries that do better when compared to individual states but there 's also a lot of individual states that do better than many european countries . 
  i guarantee you that all of the top performing countries in those rankings are doing something to skew their results like not giving the test to all students or teaching to the tests . 
  do you really think rural china has such a high educational system when they can barely feed themselves and average something like an 8th grade level ? 
  the biggest factor that determines educational success is how much money the parents make . 
  i 'd bet its the social safety nets in europe that make more difference , with a higher quality of life for the poor their children will have a better chance at succeeding . 
  yes the usa needs to improve its educational system but so do many european states . 
  you 're also grouping the entire us system the same way . 
  each state has their own standards and guidelines . 
  some states the students test on level with the top european countries while others are far from desirable . 
  if you 're and american you need to find a job here before moving . 
  being 17 you probably have no marketable job skills . 
  your only chance would be short term ( a year ? ), 
  study at a university . 
  maybe you can do the full 4 years here but for that you need to speak the local language fluently . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries , i 'm an american and i moved to germany . 
  i love being here but it 's definitely different and takes some adjusting which many people ca n't handle . 
  most european countries have a citizenship test which includes a demonstration of a decent level of language fluency . 
  i think you mistake these tests , even in the usa you do n't just take the test and are allowed in . 
  you need a job and need to live here for some years first . 
  you ca n't just come and live , it would be illegal . 
  yeah it is but i think its far easier to translate teams by country into more than team rivalry , especially when all sports and competitions are broken down on the exact same borders . 
  it keeps things far smaller too because ny has 1 basketball team and 2 baseball teams .
