its pretty clear you 're a raving racist , your comment is right but not for the reason you think . 
  its the * slave * part that puts the deep south where it is today . 
  yes and minnesota is a much more active state where most of the recreation is outside ( fights with seatle for top bike friendly place ) . 
  it has the lowest polution , minneapolis/st paul are always in the top 10 of the cleanest cities in the world . 
  its also had a long history of high quality medical centers ( mayo clinic ) combined with laws that only allows non-profit health insurance companies to operate in the state . 
  it is the home to the largest health insurance company in the us ( unitedhealth group ) but they are not allowed to sell insurance in mn , they have a non-profit subsidiary that does it . 
  as a native minnesotan , it is the coolest place in the us . 
  just do n't let those dumbasses on the coasts know it , we do n't want them moving there and ruining everything . 
  no way , i do n't want to be part of greater bavaria , those people are weird !, 
  also it looks like pure population with little regard for economics . 
  so as long as we invade over a long holiday there will be no military to stop us ? 
  if the swiss do n't want immigrants to come , then maybe they need to solve the reasons they are coming ? 
  if they 're coming because swiss companies are hiring them , then maybe the swiss people need to direct their anger at that . 
  are they coming because of the social support they get ? 
  if that 's the case the swiss are perfectly free to limit it to citizens or residence who have worked x years like many eu countries do . 
  so why are they coming ? 
  if there 's no way for them to earn money then i doubt so many would be there . 
  you just said it was a new site ... or is it a news site ? 
  completely random and have zero knowledge of swedish nor do i shop at ikea , 14/20, 
  exactly !, 
  that 's the first thing i noticed, 
  wish they 'd do this in more countries . 
  exactly my thought , also note the `` for 4 month '' i just find it incredibly annoying when people try to be cultural experts and have such a tiny experience . 
  i 've been living here a lot longer than 4 months and i would feel like a dumbass if i tried to write such an article because i know i have n't begun to scratch the surface of the german culture . 
  hell , i 'm still running into foods from the region i live in that are new to me !, 
  edit : should also be noted its called `` fluent in 3 months '' but the author studied for 5 years prior ... 
  i see even europe is moving that way , i think its inevitable . 
  i also believe one of the worst things in the american diet is also totally legal in europe , high fructose corn syrup , the only reason it is in everything there but not here is that corn is so much cheaper there . 
  if we could feed everyone using natural and bio foods i think that would be great but i think its completely unreasonable and we 're in a transformation stage where we figure out where the balance is . 
  its available but its all really terrible . 
  frustrated that by 17:00 ( when i finish work ) all the decent cuts of meat have all been sold and i 'm left picking through the low quality left overs . 
  annoyed that sold out items tend to take weeks to get back in stock , confused by the assortment of different dairy products i 've never heard of , feeling forced because there 's only 1 or 2 choices of a particular item when i probably do n't need more than that but what happens if i do n't like them ? 
  and often claustrophobic and feeling like the employees would rather i just leave the store without buying anything . 
  on the upside , i enjoy the quality of the fruits and vegetables , in the usa one is required to go to much more expensive places to get something of similar quality to what every store in europe has . 
  happy that i can buy things in small quantities . 
  i 'm not as worried that what i buy contains a lot of crap ingredients , so i do n't even bother reading the ingredient lists here . 
  happy that advertisers are n't allowed to stretch the truth about their products as much . 
  and the pastries , god i love the pastries here . 
  it sounds to me like you just do n't understand how to eat properly in the usa . 
  you ca n't be lazy and ignorant like in europe and pop into your local corner store to buy things if you want to be healthy , you also ca n't be cheap on the food like you can be here ( although more and more i 'm seeing low quality low cost items here ) . 
  you need to learn what is in your foods and what the different ingredients listed really mean . 
  if you could n't find a proper bakery with fresh baked ( real ) bread then you were n't looking for the right kind of place , or possibly you were in the middle of no where but those places also have problems just getting fresh fruits and vegetables . 
  as cbfw86 said , its by state and really varies depending on how that particular food item is classified . 
  some states have no tax on food , some states only tax food that is `` edible on the premises '' and some will tax everything . 
  that said , i 'd rather the tax be included in the visible price . 
  well , the ancient greeks were experimenting with steam power 2,000 + years ago . 
  i 've heard its speculated that the main reason it was n't experimented more on was because of the prevalence of slave labor . 
  kind of a similar thing we have going on still . 
  as an american from a northern state i find it also shocking to hear that americans think putting butter on a sandwich is strange . 
  every single person i know there does this and have never heard anything different . 
  true but most of their evidence of how the actual games were played did n't come until the 16th century and later . 
  previous to that it sounds like it was just drawings which either they were drawings of a bunch of cheaters or there was a wide variety of games . 
  it seems this is a hugely controversial topic , wikipedia has multiple articles saying different things http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/football_ ( word ) to me it makes sense that over hundreds of years and many locations the same word was used to describe games played differently , and usually the only thing they had in common was they were played on foot instead of horse . 
  if anything , blame the english for naming rugby football since it is the accepted origins of american football , so the americans just continued doing what was already considered normal . 
  either way , i think you owe me beer . 
  do n't ask why , just do it . 
  you 're comparing modern sports , the modern forms of these evolved over hundreds of years . 
  just because polo is the only horse sport you know of today does n't mean there were n't a lot more throughout history . 
  * ( jousting ) * the reason they use a mallet in polo is because its pretty much impossible to hit the ball without it and for that fact alone you assert that its closest ( foot ) relative is hockey ? 
  you 're also conveniently forgetting my example of rugby football which is also hundreds of years old and involves picking up the ball with your hands . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/traditional_football pretty much every area had its own rules and using your hands was allowed in a lot of them . 
  so why would they continue call it football if hands were allowed ? 
  um , its called `` football '' because its played on foot apposed to other games at the time which were played on horse . 
  which is why its american football , association football ( soccer ) , and rugby football . 
  if you 're not transferring at all , then its a pleasant experience and definitely not every time i had problems with delays causing me to miss the transfer , but when you miss your transfer by 5 minutes , chances are you 're stick waiting for 2 hours for the next . 
  amsterdam-cologne , you probably do n't have to deal with changing at all , so delays do n't hurt you much . 
  everyone here who 's defending the system seems to have never had to transfer . 
  i 'm sure i do have unrealistic expectations of it but to make it a viable alternative to driving it needs to at least be bearable . 
  i was complaining earlier about congestion on the autobahn but at least i get to leave at the time i choose and the restrooms along the way are clean . 
  uh , pretty similar statistics for germany , just a quick search in english has [ this article ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/society/20120124-40289.html#.uqj9ob9ef8e ) which i wish they would have pointed to their sources but its seems to be 10 % -30 % are delayed depending on the city . 
  here 's an article in german with some nice graphs http://www.test.de/deutsche-bahn-wie-puenktlich-fahren-die-zuege-wirklich-1617492-2617492/ hardly a shining example of timeliness . 
  i believe if anyone would actually try to live here and use the trains as their primary means of transportation will have the same opinion as me , which i will restate , i give them a c for their effort . 
  by comparison the usa gets a d - . 
  seriously ? 
  i think you did n't have to transfer trains much , they 're constantly late and if your first train is late you 'll probably miss the next and depending on your route there might not even be another for 2 or more hours and they just shrug and give you a crappy 20 $ off your next ticket . 
  i will never rely on the train system to get me to the airport again , far too much anxiety for me . 
  http://zugmonitor.sueddeutsche.de look at how many are late , now think about what happens to anyone on those trains that has a connection and this is n't showing any of the regional trains which are late more often . 
  yeah , i 'm american , i drive for about 8 hours on the autobahn every other week . 
  in a 4 hour ride i 'm often delayed by as much as 2 hours because of congestion . 
  horribly expensive , cheaper to fly and late quit often . 
  of you had much experience with the trains here you might not be praising them so much althought i give them a c for ether effort . 
  you also obviously do n't have a car here as the autobahn is constantly backed up . 
  obviously you have n't tried using the ice very much ... 
  you were watching only the sign language version , were n't you ? 
  i do n't think australia gets it , you 're not supposed to send real singers . 
  yeah ... . about that ... 
  they look like brother & sister to me , makes the song kind of creepy . 
  [ i long for classic esc ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pic6-vo1l4 ), 
  sweet air violin, 
  i knew a guy who ran a modeling agency in russia , they actually did do some modeling but most of their money came in as being a high priced escort service for rich old guys . 
  give a girl a few jobs and she starts earning some money , then take the jobs away and most become more and more desperate to find work , then they offer the escort jobs and a girl who would have been insulted by such an offer a year or two ago will be grateful to take it . 
  so can the usa ask greece back for its $ 376 million it was given through the marshall plan ? 
  that was money was supposed to pay for all of the damage from the war which i would assume includes the 447 million deutsche marks in question . 
  edit : that $ 376 million in 1950 is worth $ 3.646 billion today, 
  ah , well the guy who does your national tag will also be distributing the reddit tag . 
  the idea is that the reddit tag is for when you leave finland or when foreigners come to play . 
  nice disc basket , you getting one of the reddit bag tags ? 
  this is raw audience share for programming , not news , and does n't include radio stations and other sources . 
  even though , the programming share for government backed stations is a good ~ ~ 1/3 ~ ~ 40 % . 
  stop deflecting , what are you even trying to say here ?
