it has been . 
  a few weeks ago greece suggested cutting military spending , and the eu was okay with that , but the imf would n't agree to it . 
  make of that what you will . 
  it 's still awful . 
  ca n't wait for youtube to push out its livestreaming later this year . 
  the key is more explicit . 
  do n't forget about meeee . 
  edit : i mean the second part , that they 'll stay in the eu . 
  i think the vote was a bad idea altogether . 
  the [ world map ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_panorama#/media/file:freedom_of_panorama_world_map.png ) is much clearer and more precise . 
  so i 'm allowed to make reproductions in green countries ? 
  the key is shit . 
  let me just hijack your comment to note that the map is awful . 
  what is it showing ? 
  which colour means i 'm allowed to make reproductions and which does n't ? 
  the bbc pushes a perspective as much as rt does . 
  just because you 're happy with the bbc 's perspective does n't make it any less propaganda . 
  i 've never gone to . uk , but holy fuck has . com become increasingly embarrassing for them . 
  my problem with this is that the guardian ( for example ) is as biased as rt or the daily mail , and its quality has been steadily decreasing , but people are still lauding them as worthy . 
  who gets to decide what is worthy in / r/europe ? 
  reddit has a demographic , and that demographic is of course going to support sources that cater to their viewpoint , so the proposed quality control is in reality little more than an `` officially '' endorsed perspective . 
  he 's defending you , nikolas . 
  legal systems are essentially a collection of checks and balances in furtherance of principles . 
  you 're right that it would not be a bad thing for `` specialised services '' to get preferential treatment of some kind , provided that all providers of that `` specialised service '' are treated equally . 
  that is to say , if netflix gets preferential treatment , so should youtube , and vimeo , and every other video service -- even start-ups . 
  otherwise , the internet 's founding principles will be abandoned , and we 'll be where we were before the internet , with giant companies always outcompeting smaller ones . 
  the only reason netflix , google , facebook and apple became what they are today is because the internet did n't have the cruft of old media regulation hampering them . 
  the internet is an opportunity to create a better financial and economic system than we have had , one based on competition and meritocracy . 
  depending on the legal system , a judge 's findings can be valid even when the judge is very `` creative '' in his/her reasoning . 
  that 's why it 's important for the law to be carefully crafted . 
  i do n't know enough about the specific bill to comment on it , but / u/alanevwes is n't wrong to worry about regulation of the internet . 
  instead of condescending to him , perhaps provide resources or explanations to him as to why he need n't worry . 
  i 've long thought the only way for europe to survive long-term is to become one nation-state to rival the american , chinese , and russian empires . 
  one last question : how does northern protestantism factor into all this ? 
  thanks . 
  perhaps the end-goal has always been to fiscally integrate ? 
  i know very little about the eu , but i 'd be surprised if the architects did n't foresee this problem . 
  the solution is obvious . 
  where is connacht ? 
  this is a common tic of eastern europeans , unfortunately , especially successful ones . 
  * if i 've excelled in a shitty environment , i must be special somehow * , is what people believe , * so do n't get in my way while i , the special one , sort things out this time , too . 
   i think that the whole euro zone is , perhaps by incompetence or cultural ( northern protestant ) influences , created as a winner-takes-all market . 
  interesting conclusion . 
  care to unpack this for me ? 
  / u/alanevwes sort of hit on something , actually . 
  you want the laws to reflect the intention of the legislature , and not to leave it up to judges to interpret or divine what was meant . 
  in the latter scenario , a change of the legal guard could see the legal position change as judges interpret the legislation differently . 
  it 's better not to leave the possibility for that open . 
  sloppy legislation is not good legislation . 
  it undermines the will of the people as represented through the legislature . 
  it 's bad for democracy . 
  edit : also , it 's just bad law . 
  a law should be applied evenly , or else it 's not just . 
  loose laws are potentially unjust laws . 
  it 's a bad idea to allow for the potential of abuse of the legal system because there 's * always * someone who would exploit it . 
  and yes , i did study law . 
  that 's one way to look at it . 
  feels pretty bad . 
  am i reading the map wrong ? 
  we 're only eighth worst !, 
  i do n't know , and it does n't matter . 
  the eu was fine with it , but the imf vetoed the solution . 
  greece wanted to meet its obligations by cutting military spending instead of social care . 
  the imf said no . 
   ` free speech ' alright . 
  the reason people raise free speech in the context of internet forums and their witch hunts is simple . 
  why do we champion free speech ? 
  so that people can exchange ideas and the best ones can win out . 
  what happens when people suffer such censure as tim hunt did ? 
  free speech is discouraged , and thus are the exchange of ideas hampered . 
  if people ca n't speak their minds without the threat of duress , then free speech will remain merely a nice idea instead of an actuality . 
  why do people raise freeze peach with regards to reddit ? 
  because the online world is increasingly becoming an analogue to the real world , but the internet does n't have many of the checks and balances that make expression and the exchange of ideas possible in real life . 
  there is no public space where someone can go to express themselves . 
  the internet consists of only private establishments . 
  someone ca n't walk out onto the internet 's `` streets '' and just start spreading their ideas . 
  they rely on private endeavours to have their opinions heard . 
  when no private endeavour will have you ( either because the website boots you , or the people hosting your servers boot you , or ... ) , you have effectively been silenced . 
  anyway , i 'm heading to bed now . 
  goodnight . 
  facts are fearmongering ? 
  ] ( https://www.wordnik.com/words/corporatism ) what am i missing ? 
   dept it 's debt . 
  ( think ... shitting the bed ... in reverse . ), 
  i think i 've seen you misspell it a few times . 
  i 'm probably going to be downvoted for this , but it 's shitty that only the men are being conscripted . 
   [ tittygram , aka `` uber for boobs '' ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/russian-uber-for-boobs-start-up-tittygram-sees-business-boom/519398.html ) neat . 
   research into gender equality in the workplace reveals a mixed picture . 
  a 2014 report from the international labour organisation found a marked gender pay gap , but noted that if wage discrimination due to factors such as `` having children '' was eliminated , women would receive higher salaries than men . 
   more recently , professional services firm grant thornton declared russia a world leader in workplace gender equality , with 40 % of senior business roles held by women -- the highest in the world . 
  why ? 
  high male mortality rates , yes , but also the legacy of equal opportunity during the soviet union . 
  interesting . 
   although the ussr 's official line on gender parity did not always play out in practice , women enjoyed state-backed childcare , abortion rights and easy access to divorce . 
  the soviets launched the first woman into space , allowed women to fly on combat missions in the second world war and reserved one-third of the seats of the congress of people 's deputies for women . 
  a problem the world over :  `` when i wanted to adopt , the first question was : do you have a husband ? '' she says . 
  `` well , i have a boyfriend , and i have my own flat , and my own car , and my own salary , so there are a lot of plusses . 
  but on the other side there 's a huge minus , because i do n't have a husband . '' this egregious lack of husband proved most problematic when popova ran for office in the 2011 parliamentary election . 
  `` being a woman was a huge minus , and not having a husband was another one , '' she says . 
  she lost .
