  please , please post this in / r/fatlogic . 
  i do n't really feel like exerting myself over the weekend , but others will be happy to counter it . 
   someone mentioned that in the us a lot of cultures are forced to semi-assimilate and keep whatever traits that are acceptable . 
  that 's fine but you 'll get killed politically in europe if you do that . 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying here . 
  that will depend on what the court deems a reasonable exercise of force . 
  pushing them to the ground and then restraining them would probably be fine . 
  look , i love you guys , but i could never live in scotland . 
  the dialect/accent gives me a headache . 
  because i want to understand . 
  what makes a neo-nazi think , * i 'm never going to be able to get another job again ... but , ya , this is a good idea . 
  could anyone explain to me why people do this ? 
  i do n't understand the reasoning that goes into these kinds of actions . 
  put aside the weird political stuff -- why would you risk your job and reputation like this ? 
  honestly , neither of your explanations helped . 
  i still do n't know what i 'm looking at . 
  the key does n't mean anything to me . 
  what 's changed ? 
  what does it mean for politics in the country ? 
  well , yes . 
  nazi germany was shitty in general , but that does n't mean every single thing the country accomplished during that period was shitty . 
   i find it a bit funny when people talk about invasions , considering the west quite literally invaded many of these areas not that long ago . 
  and how did that work out for the natives ? 
  :p  it does n't mean i do n't see any challenges associated with multiculturalism , but i see it as a net positive . 
  it 's positive if you can manage it properly . 
  if you ca n't , it 's pretty shitty , because people are stupid and tribalistic . 
  not europe , but this was awesome . 
  what was lady gaga doing there ? 
  she 's less european than azerbaijan, 
  i * think * that might be it ? 
  rings a bell . 
  [ for the curious . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ahmadiyya ) edit : i 'm pretty sure this is it . 
  sure , i 'm an african , and i do n't understand what i 'm talking about . 
  no , you . 
  the lending system , yes . 
  there 's plenty that does n't work , but that does . 
  look , this was years ago . 
  i 'm not going to go track this all down now for a throwaway conversation . 
  well , that 's a disingenuous interpretation . 
  be gone . 
  the good thing is that there 's some sign this is changing . 
  i forget the sect ( ? 
  i forget what muslim branches are called ) , but there 's one that 's rapidly growing which is very westernised -- so westernised that it , for example , accepts homosexuality . 
  if those can be encouraged more than the others ... a norwegian study actually found that all immigrants to the country became assimilated within two generations . 
  the problem is that the immigration is outpacing the assimilation , allowing separate communities to form . 
  i imagine it 's much the same problem everywhere else . 
  your choice . 
  you should read the reply i gave to the other guy , too . 
  yes , yes , i know all that . 
  i ca n't help but think that people losing their houses , being bankrupted by medical costs , banks throwing the whole world into a still-ongoing depression , bankers basically stealing everyone else 's money , and all the other shitty stuff just is n't worth it . 
  there 's a way to get all the good stuff ( maybe not to exactly the same degree , but close ) without relying on interest rates . 
  just have governments set up a fund that gives people money . 
  we already have grants . 
  just make another grant . 
  a lot of countries that do n't charge interest still lend money but incentivise repayment differently : loans in a lot of africa and the middle east are given with the understanding that a person 's reputation will be ruined if they are n't repaid , and that system actually works there . 
  edit : downvoting without a reply ? 
  i win !, 
  or it would make them realise there 's something wrong with their thinking . 
  at the least , he could talk to them about why they 're wrong . 
  frankly , i 'd be too disturbed by someone with such opinions to be around them . 
  oh , thanks . 
  they should probably put those rules * in the sidebar * rather than linking to them ... also , that 's a stupid rule . 
   it 's against sub rules where are these rules ? 
   i think that many of the problems of the muslim world can be simply traced to the fact that muslims can not charge people interest to borrow them money . 
  that 's one of the only good things about strictly muslim countries . 
  you 're ignoring what usury has done and is currently doing to the west . 
   the majority of young and well-educated * and * is the important word , there . 
  there are plenty of uneducated and/or older bulgarians . 
  let 's not pretend there are n't tensions . 
  many people are disturbed by the fact that islam as a religion seems to be on the rise in the country , simply due to the rising population of muslims , which looks set to overtake non-muslim bulgarians if the trend continues . 
  thanks . 
  why are you still friends with them ? 
   i would like to remind everyone that just few hundreds years ago it was the opposite so long as we do n't forget the [ ottoman empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_empire ) . 
   wired the first few times i read this comment , i thought this was slang for something . 
  i 'm adopting it !, 
  thanks for the context . 
  right , it looks like a photo from the '70s . 
  `` near germany '' ? 
  i do n't believe i 've ever seen that flag ... 
  seems you were right ... 
   might push more brits to vote no to the eu the uk has been the most reluctant , arrogant , snotty country in the endeavour , so i frankly would not miss it . 
  if you 're not invested , do n't bother . 
  why would it be ? 
   the nephew of the actual king shot himself on the foot  you could say it runs in the family not anymore , you could n't . 
  considering that this has been going on for decades , it 's just a little convenient that the sting happens after the last submissions for hosting , is all i 'm saying . 
  i like rice pudding , so i would n't mind , but ya ... 
  it 's not exactly a national dessert if every country does it . 
  right . 
  it 's curious that it 's happening now , after the usa lost out to qatar ... 
  rice cream ? 
  is that just ... rice pudding ? 
  i do n't get it . 
   homosexuality has n't been illegal in turkey since 1858 funny how turkey had it off the books long before a lot of europe . 
   turkey 's military , for which all citizens must carry out a mandatory period of national service , categorizes homosexuality as a mental illness and until recently required intimate photographic evidence or family testimonials from anyone seeking exemption because of sexuality . 
   the other partner can also not adopt the boy as his step-son under switzerland 's adoption laws . 
  are gays not allowed to adopt children under swiss adoption laws , or ... ? 
  what 's the issue there ? 
  this ruling does n't seem to be in the best interests of the child . 
  does switzerland not follow the legal principle that cases involving children should always be decided with the best interests of the child in mind ?
