  truth is , they have good stuff over there . 
  and we have shit too . 
  if you 're a regular shopper and pay attention , you notice price changes anyway . 
  i would n't say that you get screwed more . 
  i think it was mainly implemented as a way to save money . 
  actually there is a chemical in hershey 's that some people associate with the smell of vomit . 
  i thought it was genetic . 
  additionally , in the netherlands there 's a law that you ca n't call something chocolate if it has less than a certain percentage of cocoa . 
  lots of these brands are under that percentage . 
  most of it tastes fine ( i actually really like reese 's ) , but i think the arrogance comes from the fact that you actually can call this chocolate in america , but not here . 
  we get snobbish with our customer protection regulations . 
  which are pretty cool . 
  it 's my go-to romantic sleep-in weekend brunch option . 
  with jam or stroop . 
  sorry mate , they would just think you 're french . 
  regional differences are n't usually noticed abroad . 
  do n't worry . 
  you will in the near future , 
  that 's not true . 
  they were hating on other nationalities as well , 
  is n't every province the cycling province ? 
  just stay out of the cities :p if you want a longer bike trip , cycle around the ijsselmeer . 
  you 'll need a tent and some addresses to sleep ( farmer campings !, 
  ) , but it 's a fun journey around all kinds of towns and polders . 
  we do n't do a lot of specialty cheeses , you need the french and the swiss for that . 
  ` gouda ' cheese refers to the dutch way of making cheese ( and a dutch city where they make cheese ) , and from there it 's mainly ripened longer or shorter . 
  if you want to learn about cheese , you need other people/countries . 
  we just buy , sell , and eat lots of it :p, 
  a non-tourist trap city is a bit out of the way , the ` main ' cities do tend to draw tourists . 
  once you get outside of our main citybelt ( ` randstad ' ) , you should be safe . 
  you could try groningen or alkmaar , those cities are a bit smaller and do n't depend on tourists ( although alkmaar does have a big and showy cheese market , but that 's actually pretty funny ) . 
  if you want roman history , you probably want nijmegen . 
  it 's one of the oldest cities , even founded by romans i think , and probably has some museums and structures and such . 
  and just as a reminder , holland is only part of the netherlands . 
  2 of the 12 provinces are called noord-holland and zuid-holland ( north - and south-holland ) , and holland only applies only to them , 
  for the most part , we drive on the right side of the road  other than that , try to find some road-trip checklists to see what you need to pack . 
  i find clean and dry socks to be the best thing ever if i 've been living out of a suitcase for more than a weekend . 
  so there 's that . 
  if you go to the netherlands , try to not visit amsterdam . 
  amsterdam is so overrun with tourists that it 's almost un-dutch . 
  there 's other big cities as well , they 're less touristy , and offer the same other stuff . 
  maybe find a ` goal ' for your trip ? 
  what are your interests ? 
  are you into architecture , or cuisine , history of the countries , etc. 
  if you know what kind of places you want to visit , we can probably provide you with more specialized tips as well . 
  got ta grow tall , we have a bad start because of all the below-sealevel polders . 
  thanks, 
  did n't we have a trade embargo on russian agricultural products ? 
  i think the reasoning is that they where gulenists , and therefore against erdogan . 
  he needs to get rid of them to mold the country to his will is another very good reason . 
  which is still shitty . 
  the various friends of my mom think solar panels should be banned within the neighborhood ( too ugly ) , think that nuclear power is too dangerous , and do n't like wind turbines . 
  but sustainability is important too ... 
  they get mainly put on farmland , so that 's not the issue . 
  not a lot of people live close by to be bothered by the light or the humming ( a few do , of course ) . 
  the real problem is people living 10km away complaining that they do n't look nice . 
  that is all . 
  they do n't like what they look like . 
  ` horizon pollution ' is such bullshit . 
  [ of peanuts ? 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_peanuts_characters ), 
  however , that was handled in such a way that wilders got away with it . 
  he needs to be in charge himself , not be the negiotiation partner . 
  that way he ca n't feasibly blame someone else when he inevitably fucks up . 
  but now i 'm scared that he will fuck up by getting out of the eu :(, 
  hate comes from powerhungry demagogues that make random issues into a ` us or them ' issue . 
  that , incidentally , is also fought by solidarity . 
  terrorism comes from hate . 
  to fight hate , we band together . 
  that 's why grand gestures in response to hate are more necessary than grand gestures in response to other crimes . 
  he meant the eu . 
  the uk is the united kingdom ( who just voted to step out of the eu ) . 
  this reads like poetry and i 'm moved . 
  * okay * britain, 
  `` nigel farage , the ukip leader , has told itv 's good morning britain that he thought it was a mistake for the vote leave campaign to say that it could save # 350m a week by leaving the eu and that the money could go to the nhs . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/live/2016/jun/23/eu-referendum-result-live-counting-leave-remain-brain-in-europe?page=with:block-576cc939e4b0f43038109835 ), 
  from the way you worded it i assumed you were spanish . 
  good luck with gibraltar , it 's not gon na be fun there for a while ... 
  the people have spoken !, 
  at least that money is worth more now !, 
  ( assuming it 's in euros ), 
  an _ all-seeing _ eye , perhaps ? 
  this suggests there is some sort of border between vatican city and the rest of europe/italy , but you can just cross the street . 
  it 's a form of home sickness . 
  what used to be persia is now iran ( roughly the same region ) , so i think alexander the great thought them to respect the greeks . 
  edit : spelling, 
  what 's with the p\u00e2t\u00e9 ? 
  i thought that was a french thing . 
  and do n't you have it in czechia ( czech republic ? 
  remind me again which one you like ) ? 
  what trump are you talking about ? 
  the one that 's constantly in the news does n't seem like that at all !, 
  i 'm not really sure australia will ever win while countries mainly vote for their neighbours :p, 
  i could n't find anything really recent , but [ this one ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcrmdoa6jz84trej71kpfeeqsfucdp1okoqmtt48lnssimohflm - ) is pretty nice ( 2014 ) . 
  europe has a lot of ios as well , but the difference is smaller . 
  still ` crazy high percentage ' is not something i can support with sources right now , so ignore that . 
  i seem to remember it was 80 percent android for everywhere besides western europe and america , a slight victory in western europe , and then a majority of ios in america . 
  actually it 's mainly america that does n't have a crazy high percentage of android . 
  lots of countries have tolerances with their speed limits . 
  they are all taken off .
