except for flevoland , they do n't deserve it !, 
  go you !, 
  yes , wood/wooden/made of wood, 
  now try this , 
  the smooth bottoms are to get them out of the mud easily , the ridge in the middle is so you can still use your bike , and they 're made out of wood so dropping heavy equipment on them does n't hurt your feet . 
  they were farmer tools after all ( still are , actually ) . 
  nowadays they 're still useful when doing garden work . 
  haha oops :p, 
  wait , what did i miss ? 
  i do n't get how this is your conclusion from the article . 
  not saying you 're wrong , just missing a connection i think . 
  could you explain ? 
  this is actually where it got its name . 
  we were quite the explorers back in the day :p, 
  which one of you is letting their own google search profile influence the results ? 
   ( probably both ), 
  ukraine made a conscious decision to lean more towards the eu as a trading partner , and that election might not have been totally clean . 
  i mean , you 're kinda right , but there 's always two sides to a story . 
  or more . 
  but you simplified the whole story way too much . 
  [ i think he 's talking about this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0pje_vxaua ), 
  i do n't know . 
  who ? 
  i was in seattle a few months back , and in the bus there was a guy mumbling something with a few n-words strewn in after he passed a black family when he got in . 
  that 's the only instance i 've seen of racism there ( was there for six months ) . 
  it 's 25 % of the new hires , so that will take a while to catch up for the whole police force . 
  carice has a role in game of thrones , so that might make her more known . 
  ( please do n't tell me if she 's dead already , have n't caught up with either books or show ), 
  the fact that they already sent back on their words shows the power of corporations . 
  for poorer economies , the cent coins are worth relatively more , and therefore used more . 
  so those ca n't go . 
  there is a lot of value in a differing view , even though it might be skewed . 
  if you only have one newssource , you 're not doing very well . 
  nos is not so bad , but you would n't know that i 'd that was all you watched . 
  you 're probably right . 
  i just considered reddit a news aggregation site , where ( in theory ) multiple views are highlighted . 
  the fact that you are on reddit already excludes you from the group of people that blindly believe the one news source they read . 
  i made my point against the idiots that did n't know what they were voting on , either for or against . 
  i was mostly presenting a counterargument for the sake of . 
  completely secret is not cool in my book , but keeping it from jan lul is fine by me . 
  the people that blindly believe the one news source they use should have no say in anything . 
  hey , most americans are still alive !, 
  that must mean the system works . 
  why not ? 
  it prevents public outcry if intricate pieces of legal writing are misunderstood . 
  source : a lot of dutch people thought the treaty with ukraine was about them joining the eu . 
  to fight hate ? 
  on the other hand , we do have laws against hate speech , which are pretty useful . 
  i like that you added a exclamation mark . 
  yelling is of course the natural way of talking german . 
  we 're gon na have a few referenda in short succession , and then nobody wants to go yet again , and the next few will not make the treshold . 
  then people will realize they need to pick their battles . 
  the first few we just have to get over with . 
  which is why it is almost equally stupid of erdogan to make a big deal out of this :'), 
  do you have a link ? 
  not common enough for me to know which week it is all the time ( although this week is easy ) . 
  and talking weird, 
  rotterdam is more likely, 
  holy shit is he actually that old ? 
  edit : he actually is that fucking old : `` born 29 september 1936 '' ... 
  their friends will know , 
  luckily , the internet will always remember this moment . 
  they will forever be cursed by having to cringe every time this is brought up when they grow up . 
  from what i understand , some guy from the cultural department sent an email to everybody saying that you should think about your halloween costume and what it might implicate . 
  then a woman ( the wife of the white guy in the video ) responded that it is a manner of free speech . 
  and then people started to whine that she should be removed from her position because she was not supporting a safe space on campus . 
  the guy here is defending his wife in some way . 
  ultimately , the yale administration supported her as well and she is not going away . 
   if we did n't concern ourselves with such things as collateral damage , domestic public backlash and international opinion they 'd all be wiped out in a couple of lazy afternoons . 
  this seems to me to be the opposite of modern warfare . 
  let me remind you of your own constitution :  article 26 :  freedom of thought , conscience and religion shall not be restricted . 
  yes , we want them to integrate into our own society . 
  but that is done best if we do n't ostracize them for being a little different . 
  they do this because they want to push people apart . 
  this will make people hate muslims in general , which they use to drive muslims to hate others , which fuels their army . 
  and so far , they have a pretty good track record of not falling to well-equipped armies . 
  taliban still exists , al qaeda still exists , isis still exists . 
  so you might be overestimating that . 
  that 's the thing . 
  we font really care for weed . 
  it 's been around for 50 years or so , it 's just something that some people smoke sometimes . 
  there 's probably something that manchester is best at in the world . 
  something you do n't care about because it is just a normal thing for you . 
  and funnily enough , what we call ` mexican mix ' ( beans , bell pepper and corn from the frozen aisle ) , you call ` mediterranean mix ' . 
  i figured there was something wrong with that sentence , thanks, 
  i like that it is slowly dieing out by itself . 
  give it a few more years and it will be taboo/no longer profitable to organise . 
  no need to rush things . 
  it is part of culture , and still has its fans , if your rush it they will get sour . 
  if you just let those fans die out slowly , no harm done to anyone, 
  hmm , with that rule probably not . 
  even if you rewrote most of it to have quotes and references , it will still be on thin ice i think . 
  there 's / r/worldnews for non-us stuff, 
  haha , i had the red one !, 
  that retroactively makes me cooler than you , 
  yeah but austria is like on the other side of the world , man !, 
  be reasonable , it needs to travel a couple thousand km ... 
  it 's not like that and i do n't claim it is . 
  we just do n't know how most of their stuff actually tastes , but we do read all the stories about weird additives ( icecream that does n't melt , potato starch in the grated cheese , this ` chocolate ' , etc ) . 
  so it must taste inferior to the real thing , right ?
