a lot went before the acts of union and a lot went after independence too , 
  you forgot : they have drive-thru liquor stores . 
  they are n't all originally brits . 
  a lot of irish there too . 
  snags ( sausages ) from bunnings hardware stores are a national treasure . 
  liberal use of the word cunt . 
  even in a friendly way . 
  `` oi , cunt , we gon na grab a few tinnies after work ? '', 
  `` the cunting internet 's gone again '' `` your one there on the right , absolute beauty of a cunt '' my mother is aussie , and i absolutely love the place . 
  joseph fritzl was from there too though , kinda takes the shine off it all :(, 
  there 's a soviet themed club in belfast , ni called the kremlin . 
  plot twist is that it 's a gay bar . 
  lol what 's this from ? 
  hey !, 
  at least we are n't leitrim !, 
  hmm . 
  could be , but every chipper does a taco-cheese chip . 
  i do n't know whether chips are fries or fries are chips on this sub though ... 
  i was thinking of something like bacon fries ( crisps ! ), 
  we need an international standard definition for snacks !, 
   no matter who is french 's next president , he/she will renegociate touquet 's treaty and send back uk 's border where it belong , on their island . 
  what does it matter where the border is ? 
  [ dublin ( 3 ) regulation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ) means that the asylum seekers should claim asylum in the first safe country they reached , and can legally be sent back to a preceding country if they do n't do so . 
  so the british would be within their rights to just deport them back to france . 
  the question is why the french are n't sending them back to wherever they were before they got to france . 
  i 'm from sligo . 
  what are these chili-cheese fries you talk of ? 
  looks a bit better when the leaves come back . 
  [ dublin , ireland . 
   just the fact that would cause billions of euro in damages for what ? 
  1 guy ? 
  how does showing your passport cause billions of euro in damages ? 
  and no not for one guy , for all the other people that are able to do it daily . 
  i 'm sure there 's more than a few wanted people freely travelling between countries . 
  there are also people legally in one country , but without any permission to go to another country , but they can still do it without any checks . 
  restricting their freedom is a good thing to me . 
   sure , everytime you text your friends and family send me that content too , i mean you have nothing to hide right ? 
  what 's that got to do with showing id when crossing a border ? 
   a great example of this is this sexy part of our border jesus . 
  that must have been a nightmare !, 
  that sounds sensible . 
  i guess as i 'm from ireland , i 've always had to show documents when i 've left or arrived , so it 's just normal for me . 
  out of curiosity , did the nl/be border have checks before schengen or did they have some agreement between the two countries ? 
  it would be much easier to check on an island like here or britain , but it would be hard to check every little road on the continent - that 's for sure . 
  so i guess if people like that guy wanted to , they could avoid it - but it would make it a lot harder for them , especially if police are on alert and looking . 
  that he got away on a bus is just incredible !, 
  i do n't really know what the best solution should be if i 'm honest . 
  i can see the appeal of schengen , but at the moment its disadvantages outweigh the advantages imo . 
  someone smarter than me can design it 's replacement/evolution , 
  people oppose it because of that and also things like the guy who done the truck attack in germany . 
  he was able to cross from germany to holland , get a bus to france and then from there travel on to italy - with all of europes police looking for him . 
  i do n't get why people are opposed to having to show a document when you cross an international border ? 
  it 's not really that big of an inconvenience , unless you have something to hide . 
  corrected for britishness . 
  ah stop your making me jealous !, 
  i 've only the sunset over south dublin to look at now . 
  mullaghmore is my hometown . 
  i 'd love to move back there some day . 
  used to walk out the front door and have benbulbin to my right and the atlantic to my left . 
  you do n't appreciate living somewhere like that when you 're a child , but you definitely miss it when you grow up :(, 
  yup that 's it . 
  really reminds me of home . 
  my mam told me a banshee lived in the castle so i would n't go running across the fields near it : /, 
  i used to have a lovely view of benbulbin and classiebawn castle from my bedroom window when i was a kid . 
  never appreciated it until i moved away :(, 
  this is the meaning of the punishment `` drawn ''  removed from hanging and placed on a table . 
  still alive , the victim was cut open in the abdomen and his intestines and sex organsremoved ( this is another meaning of drawn -- see the reference to the oxford english dictionary below ) . 
  the removed organs were burned in a flame , prepared close to the prisoner . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanged,_drawn_and_quartered, 
  who knows . 
  he was n't even religious - was just an angry fella . 
  have n't spoken to him since i moved out of belfast . 
  yeah i used to use that years ago . 
  the coverage was shite at my parents house though , so switched to vodafone . 
  i get a friends & family discount from mates working there so it is n't too bad . 
  yeah just noticed that after a quick google . 
  my vodafone plan has had free eu roaming for months , but it costs a lot for the plan and roaming add-on . 
  hopefully i can move to a cheaper one once they all get free roaming ( i 'm in the uk usually once a week , so i need it ! ), 
  i thought they were n't removed until the 15th ? 
  i know a catholic who lives in belfast and used to vote dup to `` keep the gays out '' so it 's not only the prods . 
  they wo n't allow a hard border between ni and roi . 
  which is going to be a pretty big deal come brexit . 
  one alternative that was bantered about was border controls between ni and the rest of the uk . 
  they absolutely will not allow that . 
  they want to be as british as the rest of the uk and will not accept a two-tiered uk . 
  they also want the power to set their own tax rates in ni - something the rest of the uk is against . 
  they 're generally aligned with the conservatives , but do have some things they wo n't agree on . 
  in the end - it 'll likely all be sorted with a few brown envelopes though . 
   otherwise , someone has to give up on something , like roi accepting hard borders , the uk accepting no brexit , or the uk accepting freedom of movement . 
  that 's whats going to have to happen . 
  things just got an awful lot more difficult though . 
  not much is going to have an easy passage through this parliament . 
  as for the roi re-joining the uk . 
  that 's never going to happen . 
  the dup know it , and it 's not something even they have mentioned . 
  they do n't want it either . 
  too many fenians in ireland . 
  even if a majority in the uk wanted it ( which they do n't ) - it would need a majority in ireland wanting it too . 
  which aint going to happen . 
  i can see the end result being the uk remaining in the single market / customs union - retaining some degree of free movement , and losing whatever influence they had in the eu .
