i meet them in the netherlands yea , but they 're mostly truck drivers who i assume , live in poland . 
  it is . 
  yes , but you obviously do n't . 
  do n't bicker over such small details now will you . 
  how about none of those . 
  if you ask me we should 've stopped after 1995 . 
  why would i ? 
  bullshit argument when there are tons of people who did read it , because it 's their job and are informing the populace afterwards so they can make an informed decision . 
  i got shit to do , so that 's why other people are doing the reading of all those pages for me . 
  always great to have some french guy to give us insight to dutch sentiments . 
  i meet quite a lot of polish guys , that sentiment is not really what i experience . 
  so much for all the `` yes voters did n't vote so the 30 % benchmark wont me reached '' . 
  its how democracy works . 
  just take a look at the survey posted above you . 
  almost half of the posters are high schoolers , what do you expect ? 
  because that 's totally what he 's saying ... 
   main reason : hate this referendum since it 's about an agreement 99 % of the dutch citizens do n't understand properly . 
  got any data on this claim or are pulling this stuff out of thin air ? 
  from sour ` in favour ' voters . 
  norway maybe ? 
  he 's talking bullshit . 
  you do not have to read the whole document to know what it 's about . 
  there are people who do that for you . 
  we do give a shit . 
  mostly about ourselves though . 
  just like everyone else . 
  bulgarians do not really have a great reputation around here , apart from the occasional tourist , i mean . 
  because bullshit . 
  why would that be ? 
  just deny them acces until they match the right standards on animal welfare . 
  it 's the left too . 
  it 's not only the right that 's against import of cheap labour . 
  are they coming to sweden to study ? 
  how convenient for him . 
  so . . it 's like google maps ? 
  might as well ban every quran then for inciting hatred . 
   do you think that belgium should be immune to criticism from nations that have had terrorist attacks in the past ? 
  if so that eliminates every western european country save andorra . 
  i do n't . 
   clearly there is an identifiable problem in belgian intelligence , but it would seem as though people want to ignore it because to acknowledge it would be to admit that foreign criticism is valid . 
  belgium just lost 34 innocents . 
  if there 's a time to make changes , it 's now . 
  there probably is a problem , yes . 
  but it 's at the very least kind off ironic the countries with the biggest mouths over what belgium is doing wrong , are the ones with major terrorism problems as well . 
  engineering comments on reddit however . 
  yea , because there were n't any terrorist attacks in the us or france in the past years , so great idea still talking down on belgium . 
  there are n't really any druglords here . 
  they do n't tolerate it , but by far most of them sell fake drugs , which is n't illegal . 
  there are signs everywhere not to trust street dealers , they 'll most likely sell you aspirin or baking powder . 
  netherlish . 
   in the same time what obama says means that us is going to decrease they involvement in conflicts around the world which i understand as less stability in the world . 
  please stop . 
  because they want to sell . 
  done it over 20 times by now . 
  not much difference in my experience when i take more . 
  the difference in strains is very noticeable though . 
  dosing shrooms does n't really work like that . 
  it 's not like you trip twice as hard when you double your dosage . 
  so it does n't really have much to do with dosing right . 
  would 've been more of a surprise if they were to become the new upper class though . 
  the netherlands have a couple of those too , albeit smaller off course . 
  and they 're mostly military training grounds , but those are just details . 
  english article . 
  i 'm speaking from a dutch perspective . 
  nah , that 's scandinavia . 
  not the curtain per se , but generally speaking everything east of germany is considered ` eastern europe ' here . 
  or just together with the baltics and the balkan as ` middle and eastern europe ' . 
  say what you think , but not completely devoid of tact off course . 
  we 're not completely devoid of any tact , bro . 
  in my opinion it 's because people do n't ask that shit because they are honestly interested , but because they want to compare themselves and see how they 're doing . 
  russians everywhere there . 
  after being asked . 
  we 're not savages . 
  yeah how could they ? 
  seems totally safe with military personnel deployed on every corner of the street . 
  just place them at some pitoresque place . 
  like kilpisj\u00e4rvi or something . 
  there already is one . 
  it says asylum seekers need to apply for asylum in the first country they arrive . 
   on the first train to germany . 
  history repeats , eh . 
  but serious . 
  y' all crazy , bruh . 
  visited stockholm about 6 years ago , wonder is much has changed . 
  not to mention an increase in cultural and ethnic clashes . 
  yay for imported miniature ethnic clashes . 
  aw come on , 3 years is only about 600k extra migrants . 
  ai n't that bad on a population of ~ 10 million . 
  pfew , 1,81 checking in . 
  relieved . 
  it 's got nothing to do with racism and everything to do with rational thinking . 
  ground water levels get raised up to the point cavalry has too much trouble advancing offroad , making defence easier . 
  does not work that well in case of an airial assault though . 
   most of all this is a loss for ** rational policy making . 
  ** when has this ever been the case , anywhere , ever ? 
  that wo n't ever happen . 
  period . 
  varkensspaarpot is \u00e9\u00e9n woord . 
   most of us are n't supporting this so why does a majority vote them in ? 
   normal slaughterhouses kill animals instantly with a bolt gun .
