your plan fails if the u.k does n't get rid of its monarchy . 
   time can kill absurd public sentiments/rituals . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
   and why not sanction switzerland ? 
  there is no good reason to sanction them . 
   remove kingdoms across europe . 
  slowly . 
  one by one . 
  good luck with that one . 
   switzerland : sanction and encircle . 
  what is the purpose of this video ? 
  the person who uploaded it seems to have a lot of interest in white genocide and anti-whites . 
  are we ? 
  i thought we were oceania . 
  what more can be done besides air strikes and supporting kurdish and iraqi forces ? 
  it 's not my plan . 
  it 's not my plan . 
  hosting migrants on the syrian-iraqi border is going to be hard considering isis control most of it . 
  go on then . 
  the comment was unnecessary . 
  it did n't add anything to the discussion . 
  it was referring to you saying that i would n't like having refugees in my backyard . 
  i was referring to my first comment in the thread . 
  and those comments are good contributions . 
  one answered your question and the other informed you of your poor contribution to the conversation . 
  i did make a good contribution to the discussion . 
  that is a great contribution to the discussion . 
  i would n't . 
  these are the places they think we should set up the safe zones in . 
   since deportation is problematic we need to set up safe zones abroad from processing . 
  perhaps in tunisia or egypt ( so we can patrol the libyan coast and save these people , but take them back to africa instead of europe ) , perhaps burkina faso ( nice central location in west africa so the west-africans can go home easily ) , perhaps kazakhstan or another - stan for asian migrants . 
  if we can not convince foreign governments to let us set up these zones , perhaps we can look to spitsbergen , kerguelen or jan mayen to build them on . 
  not at all . 
  they 're beautiful towns with lots to do . 
  accrington , blackpool , or grimsby . 
   that ukip is an extremist far-right wing party they 're not . 
  the national front are our extremist far-right party . 
  that 's okay because i 'm not american . 
  bloody celts . 
  where are you from ? 
  i 'm from london so many people wo n't bother supporting a foreign team when we already have several teams in the premiership . 
  i 'm 21 so there 's not much of a difference . 
  my country could sort everything out for you . 
  they just support an english club . 
  the only person i know who supports a foreign club is one of my friends . 
  he supports juventus but he was from italy . 
  most people i know support an english club . 
  it 's not common in my country . 
  it 's not creepy . 
  a shit version of the georgian flag . 
  [ this is what it should look like . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0f/flag_of_georgia.svg ), 
  you do n't know anything about them then . 
   falklands do you know anything about the falkland islands ? 
   did you read what i ment by the quotum and how i wish to see it enforced ? 
  i read all of it . 
  the u.k wo n't accept any type of quota system . 
   but you do n't create a pull factor by giving the impression that going to calais will somehow be successful . 
  you do . 
  more migrants will come because they 'll hear that the some of the ones who went before them got settled in the u.k. 
  they 'll try their luck . 
   we are going in circles . 
  it is a statistical truth that if an event has a non-zero chance of occuring , with sufficient tries that event will occure . 
  not all of the migrants will make it to the u.k. that 's a simple truth . 
   and that is because in the end , the uk feels disconnected from this problem . 
  we 're not the only country opposed to the migrant quota system . 
   set up a migrant quotum some eu countries wo n't accept the migrant quota system . 
  the u.k 's position is that more migrants will come if you take in some of the ones that are already here . 
   given that the chance is non-zero , eventually everybody will . 
  some of them will make it and many of them wo n't . 
   what we need is decisive action . 
  that 's where the arguing begins again . 
  what action do we take ? 
  do we settle them in the eu ? 
  my country wo n't agree to the quota system . 
   the attitude of ` it 's their problem ' . 
  it is not , it is a problem for all of us . 
  oh i thought it was just the u.k 's problem . 
   yes it is . 
  if a migrant has a non-zero chance of getting through , then given enough attempts he will make it . 
  not all of the migrants are going to make it through . 
   and with this attitude of yours , you are suprised that the frenchies are n't solving the problem for you ? 
  what attitude ? 
  i 'm just saying it 's their problem . 
  i want my country to help the french deal with their problem . 
   oh , and yes it is . 
  no , it 's not . 
   they 'll keep on trying until they succeed or die . 
  given enough time , of those who did n't die , every last one of them will make it to britain . 
  that is a simple statistical truth . 
  no , it 's not . 
   look the frenchies really do n't see why they should have to solve this problem for britain . 
  it 's their problem because the migrants are in their country . 
  the migrants would be our problem if they were in our country . 
   and sooner or later they 'll be in britain . 
  no , they wo n't . 
  some of the migrants might get to the u.k but there will still be thousands of them in france . 
   these people obviously do n't want to stay in france , but want to go to britain . 
  so not their problem . 
  it 's still their problem while the migrants are in france .
