  it 's their problem because the migrants are in their country . 
   these people want to go to britain , not france , they are not a problem for france . 
  they are france 's problem . 
  malta is n't a micronation . 
   falkland islanders want to be a crown dependency . 
  they want to be a british overseas territory . 
  the crown dependencies are the channel islands and the isle of man . 
  nope . 
  fair enough but saying that `` everyone who chooses to live in london must hate themselves '' is a silly thing to say . 
  i like going out into the country but i could n't live there permanently . 
  i liked growing up in london . 
  so did most of the people i know . 
  it was the slovenia one that started it . 
  just make sure sturgeon knows which currency you 're going to use . 
  i 'm joking . 
  you were already covered you cheeky scottish cunt . 
  you 're not independent yet . 
  the us does n't support the pkk . 
   the pkk is the only group fighting isil on the ground and the only hope for a goof way to end isil . 
  america is funding the pkk , training their men etc , that 's the [ peshmerga ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peshmerga ) . 
   but if by british you mean usa no , they do n't . 
  the usa is n't british . 
  i do n't . 
  the u.k is no different to any other country . 
  it has good looking women and ugly women . 
  we are right . 
  yeah but it does n't look like op is in the middle of the place . 
  i 'm indifferent . 
  all i know about your country is that it 's in the middle east and that there 's a large christian minority . 
  i watched a british documentary about conflict between shia and sunni muslims but that was over a year ago . 
  [ would n't this be the center of vantaa ? 
  ] ( https://www.google.ie/maps/place/01300+vantaa,+finland/@60.2933659,25.0377329,15z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x469207b83a3845b5:0xe2b7cd7632a1804f ), 
  of course they were . 
  switzerland wo n't be joining for a long time and i do n't see norway joining anytime soon . 
   yobbos ( if that 's the correct term ) it is . 
  she 's from bury . 
  it could n't . 
  most people know what country someone is talking about when they say `` united kingdom '' . 
  anyway , using `` england '' to refer to the u.k is wrong . 
  i do n't why people are surprised when scottish , welsh or northern irish people get annoyed by it . 
  belgium is not called the `` u.k '' . 
  that term refers to the country which includes england , wales , scotland , and northern ireland . 
  people who use `` england '' to refer to the united kingdom are wrong . 
  that was my point . 
  and the reason i used belgium 's official name is because you used the official name of my country in your previous comment . 
  they 're not arguing against the facts . 
  the nazis would have been just as bad as the soviets . 
  no , it could n't . 
  it 's official name is the `` kingdom of belgium '' . 
  there is never going to be a united ireland within the u.k. 
   i said england . 
  england does n't benefit from a destabilised ireland . 
   really ? 
  how not ? 
  how about you answer my question ? 
  i meant in the english language . 
  and you do n't have to use an acronym . 
  the u.k does n't benefit from a destabilised ireland . 
  also , i meant the republic . 
  how do you think the republic of ireland could help shape uk politics ? 
  the u.k does n't want a destabilised ireland . 
  the troubles were different times . 
  also , how do you want ireland help shape the future of our country ? 
  the dublin and monaghan bombings killed more people than the omagh bombing . 
  okay . 
  using england is still wrong . 
  there are three other countries in the union . 
  `` united kingdom '' is the name of the country . 
  and people should stop doing that . 
  it 's not hard to say `` u.k '' . 
  i would n't want to be like you fucking cunts anyway . 
  [ he speaks about them in this video ] ( https://youtu.be/cagrmhko-ze?t=3m34s ) . 
  and i 'm aware of the silly title . 
  that 's not the meaning of the flag . 
  the story of saint george slaying a dragon in england comes from a village in essex . 
  you are correct in saying it 's to do with the crusades though . 
  saint george was venerated as a warrior saint during the third crusade because he helped the crusaders including richard i. 
  the red cross became associated with him during this time . 
  some people believe richard i brought the cross back to england . 
  obviously , that story is true and richard i did n't bring the cross to england with him . 
  the red cross is actually associated with the knights templar during the crusades . 
  england started using the red cross in the 13th century . 
  it was used by english soldiers during the reign of edward i. 
  so the emblem of a red cross on white never had anything to do with saint george and i do n't i 've ever done anything on st george 's day . 
  why did you say australia , new zealand , and canada ? 
  they 're culturally the most connected to the u.k out of all the countries in europe . 
  yes . 
  you should always try to book your flights as early as possible . 
   only shitty countries drive on the left . 
  you probably should have listed shitty countries then . 
  he wo n't be making music anymore . 
  have you contacted the mods and asked them to sticky this thread ? 
  the person who started this series said they were going to take full responsibility but they 've decided to forget about . 
  i do n't think the mods are even paying attention to this series . 
  i think they 're being sarcastic . 
  every city in the u.k must be a shithole by your standards . 
  the eu disagrees but i 'd like to see them tell the u.k they 're wrong for renationalising the railways . 
  it would certainly improve their standing with the british people . 
  the gpo is a nice building . 
  my uncle told me the government destroyed a lot of georgian buildings so they could build new ones .
