  mods , why did n't you sticky this thread like the one on portugal ? 
  more people will see it . 
  i know london could be a lot better . 
  i 've only passed through slough on the train but i have no desire to get off there . 
  but blackpool is a special place that everyone should experience . 
  lots of people dislike london . 
  i 've grown accustomed to people telling me how much they hate my city . 
   but london ? 
  no thanks . 
  y' all need to nuke the site from orbit and start all over again . 
  no , we do n't . 
  there are several cities in the north which need a lot more attention than us . 
   i would gladly live in brighton or bath , or even bristol , because it also starts with a b. 
  you should go and live in blackpool . 
  you 'll love it . 
  no , you were n't lucky . 
  the trains can be one or two minutes apart during peak hours . 
  the line i had to get when i was going to school was always 5 - 10 minutes apart in the morning but this was heading out from the city so that is to be expected . 
  o'connell street has a few of those shitty looking casino places . 
  i do n't think places like those should be allowed on the main road in the city . 
  london is n't a cesspool . 
  parts of it are . 
  wembley is an example . 
  it 's one of the few things that i agree with david cameron on . 
  i would say that corbyn might have a different view on the matter . 
  they want us to have talks about the falkland islands with argentina . 
  that does n't happen because our government does n't listen to them . 
  yeah . 
  `` posh americans '' is good as well but i 've heard us referred to as americans before . 
  that 's very good . 
  i was referring to something the mayor said in my first comment . 
  you said it was not wrong . 
  he is wrong . 
  i think you 've mistook me for thinking that russia 's origins do n't lie with the kievan rus . 
  i do n't think it 's a valid point . 
  i have no doubt that he 's referring to russia . 
  he says `` by the current country-aggressor '' . 
  ukraine only has one current country aggressor . 
  that 's russia . 
  any country or region that derives its name from the rus ca n't be said to have stolen the name if their country 's or region 's origins lie with the rus . 
  edit : words . 
  russia did n't steal the name . 
  their origins lie with the kievan rus . 
  it 's like saying that england stole its name from the people of angeln in germany . 
   said that the name `` rus `` was stolen from the ukrainian people i do n't know much about ukrainian and russian history but i 'm pretty sure that 's not right . 
  that 's an absurd thing to say . 
  i do n't know . 
  however , i do n't want my country supporting a revolution/revolt in russia . 
  that 's not a good idea . 
  a plane could still land at this speed . 
  the transavia one may be sped up . 
  you 're wrong . 
  planes can move this fast when they 're landing and the movements are n't unnatural . 
  i 'm referring to the pitcairn islands and the south georgia and sandwich islands . 
  a few of our overseas territories would n't be viable countries . 
  google flights says that arkefly operate a direct flight to bonaire from amsterdam . 
  [ as for saba ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xivm0w9yquq ) . 
  south georgia and the south sandwich islands . 
  nice scenery . 
  i like just getting into a car and driving around . 
  what is the best road in portugal ? 
  nor did i. 
  either he turned around or he was sitting down . 
  i can remember the embarrased look on his face . 
  i went to limerick from dublin . 
  the highlight of my journey was when i opened the toilet door and was confronted by a man taking a piss . 
  always lock the door . 
  i 've had the pleasure of travelling on irish rail . 
  it was a great experience . 
  the map maker got lazy . 
  [ the route is n't straight ] ( https://www.google.ie/maps/dir/moscow,+russia/st+petersburg,+saint+petersburg,+russia/@57.7628924,29.2674729,6z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m14!4m13!1m5!1m1!1s0x46b54afc73d4b0c9:0x3d44d6cc5757cf4c!2m2!1d37.6173!2d55.755826!1m5!1m1!1s0x4696378cc74a65ed:0x6dc7673fab848eff!2m2!1d30.3350986!2d59.9342802!3e3 ) . 
  the horse on lloyds tsb 's logo . 
  it looks like it is having a great time . 
  do you have a picture of it ? 
  the royal family are n't german . 
  it may be a bad idea but irish will remain an official eu language as long as it 's an official language of ireland . 
  and it 's not a dead language . 
  it 's endangered . 
  irish is an official language of ireland so that 's why it is an official language of the eu . 
  english is the only official language of the u.k. welsh is a regional language . 
  maltese is one of the official eu languages so they should have a translator . 
  he wanted to speak maltese . 
  irish is n't a dead language . 
  it 's endangered . 
  malta is also an english speaking member of the eurozone . 
  so i take it you 're from ni ? 
  and i remember seeing a picture of the bonfire now . 
  did the marches happen yesterday ? 
  i do n't see the point in those bonfires . 
  the bonfire in that video looks like it 's too close to those houses . 
  yes . 
  i 've heard they 're a good leisure activity for welsh people . 
  okay . 
  you sound like many argentines . 
  it 's not our problem that spain could n't hold onto to gibraltar during the war of spanish succession . 
  you need to look up the definition of betrayed . 
  3 ) most of my family , friends and making sure i get a good job . 
  flying is a lot easier than using a train so it is not completely unnecessary . 
  asia is a continent it 's not . 
  so i 'm going to ignore your wall of text .
