  the left ideologues portray any attempt to address this issue as some kind of attack on `` human rights '' , conveniently forgetting that freedom of choice is also a basic human right . 
  being forced by law to finance a monopolistic service without any chance of opting out severely infringes on that right . 
  i want you to realize that democracy is just as coercive as all other state systems and that choosing rules and rulers through a majority instead of `` divine mandate '' or `` dictatorship of the proletariat '' or some other stupid excuse is n't any better . 
  no system of governance that uses force against peaceful individuals , for any reason , is a just system . 
  a truly free society needs to give peaceful individuals the ability to `` opt out '' of any collective decision and never aggress against their life , liberty or property , even if they decide to do so with a majority . 
  might does n't make right , that 's something you learn as a child , and yet most seem to forget once they reach voting age . 
  in a statist system , like a democracy , the lone individual has no control or say over the actions of the state , in fact , he is exposed to abuse from any number of groups and special interests that happen to have enough `` votes '' to turn the system in their favor . 
  individual liberty does not factor into the system at all . 
  you do n't believe me ? 
  well , here 's an easy experiment you can do - tell any statist that you think that it 's not fair you 're forced to pay for monopolistic services ( like socialized healthcare , socialized retirement plans , transportation , education , etc. ), 
  you do n't use and never want to use just because the majority decided that you should , and witness the shitstorm of government brainwashing and references to the `` social contract '' . 
  you see , most of these people who support `` democracy '' think that it 's ok to coerce , rob and imprison when the `` government '' which represents the `` majority '' decides to do so . 
  if your political position of more individual liberty and no state coercion is in the minority - tough shit , that 's how `` democracy '' works do n't you know . 
  if we 're in the majority we get to take your shit and tell you how to live . 
  and you know that the political position of `` get ` free ' stuff '' will never lose in any democracy , so that 's that , either take it or git out ... to where exactly ? 
  80 % of the world declares themselves `` democracies '' and the rest is even worse . 
  there is no place on this planet a free man can run to to get away from this lunacy anymore . 
  oh really ? 
  tell that to the egyptians and the rest of `` arab spring '' ... what happens when authoritarians bent on repression and violence are the majority ? 
  what protects the minorities then ? 
  come to think of it , that 's exactly what 's happening all around us all the time in all these `` noble '' democratic systems . 
  and while some minorities may gain a repreive now and then , the smallest of all minorities - the individual - gets fucked every time . 
  democracy is majority rule , nothing more , nothing less . 
  when it 's not restrained by law and there are no checks and balances it degenerates into mob mentality and `` might makes right '' policy making . 
  the fetishisation of democracy in the western world in the last 100 + years is quite frankly repugnant . 
  democracy does n't guarantee justice or freedom , it only guarantees that the most numerous political opinion gets to rule over all others . 
  careful now , your chauvinism is showing . 
  oh , btw , tudjman was never even charged for war crimes , and neither was any of his ministers , and the generals that were charged were later acquitted with all charges dropped . 
  so you may spread your little theories and lies here on reddit , but the fact remains that no high ranking croatian official was ever convicted of war crimes , and not for lack of trying , but for lack of any credible evidence . 
  but i guess due process only matters when you get the results you want , and should be disputed when they do n't agree with your expectations , right ? 
  go home eternallucidity , you 're drunk again . 
  yes , let 's criticize libertarians for pointing out failings of socialist policies , and then use a country where hard cash literally pours out of the ground as an example of how socialism works . 
  lol . 
  why do n't you go to greece and tell them everything is going to be alright , they just need to find a few billion tons of prime crude oil in their backyard . 
  serbs and croats absolutely do not speak the same language , historically or otherwise . 
  their languages belong to the same west south slavic diasystem , i.e. 
  they 're a part of the same dialectical continuum , but that does n't make them the same language . 
  standardized versions of croatian and serbian are mutually intelligible as a result of over 100 years of parallel standardization with that explicit goal , but that does n't make them the same . 
  that 's like saying that just because norwegians and danes both understand bokm\u00e5l , danish and norwegian are one language . 
  there is no such thing as secure email and secure cloud service as long as the servers are controlled by people other than you . 
  the location of servers themselves does n't make any difference , because if a company wants to legally operate in the us market then it has to comply with us law , regardless of where it keeps its servers . 
  in other words , any sufficiently large service which operates worldwide and on a profit motive is forced to spy on you , whether they want to or not . 
  if you 're really concerned about your privacy , and you want to keep using email and cloud storage , then your best option is to actually buy a permanent ip address from your isp and set up your own , heavily encrypted server at home . 
  it 's a bit more technical and obviously expensive , but that 's literally the only way you can ensure no one but yourself has access to your data ( provided you ensure the server is hack-proof as well of course ) . 
  i estimate that the whole project should n't cost you more than a few hundred euros ( you can use a very cheap raspberry pi as your server if you only need a few users ) and a few hours of research to learn how to set it all up . 
  you do n't even have to have a very fast connection , although a symmetric upload/download service would be nice . 
  croatia into austerity ? 
  are you joking ? 
  croatian budget increased from 90 billion to 120 billion kunas between 2006 and 2013 . 
  croatia has exactly the opposite problem than these `` austerity '' countries in that it increased spending during the crisis and it backfired even worse . 
  of course , you wo n't hear the esteemed `` economists '' of r/europe talking about that . 
  no , they 'll just keep parroting krugman 's lines - `` austerity bad , spending good , everyone else idiots '' and that 's it . 
  this is why i ca n't take anything written here seriously . 
   for example , it 's interesting that every country in balkans seems to be overwhelmingly in supportive of independence . 
  does this surprise you ? 
  sweden , being so far north , is an exception , not a rule . 
  most of europe is in more temperate climates where sun never rises before 5 am and never sets before 5 pm . 
  besides , sunrise and sunset are not hard cutoffs for light and dark . 
  for example , in the medditeranean right now sun sets around 20:45 , but there 's still plenty of sunlight reflecting from the atmosphere until at least 21:45 so it does n't get really dark until around 22:00 . 
  i think that , in context of moderate and warm climates ( which is where the overwhelming majority of world population lives ) my explanation makes the most sense . 
  i do n't even understand how this is an issue : dawn - noon = morning noon - sunset = afternoon sunset - midnight = evening midnight to dawn = night obviously the precise times of dawn and sunset change through the year in moderate climates . 
  you backed yourself up with tertiary sources , i.e. 
  wikipedia and brittanica . 
  if you bothered to check the primary and secondary sources those sites cite , you 'd see that the matter is far from settled , in fact is very much controversial within linguistic societies of countries concerned . 
  now , i may be wrong here , but somehow i value the opinions of native linguists concerning their language far more than `` international perspective '' . 
  exactly . 
  no one refers to austrians and hungarians as `` austro-hungarians '' or greeks and turks as `` ottomans '' for the sake of `` simplicity '' . 
  it 's anachronistic and meaningless . 
  if you need a `` common name '' for `` yugoslavs '' then simply call them south slavs . 
  that term is n't loaded , and i doubt anyone would object . 
  yes , a big black cock . 
  could be , could be ... * wink wink , nudge nudge *, 
  that 's easy to say for someone who does n't remember a time , less than 20 years ago , when that culture , language and identity were in danger of being completely wiped out by the same people who you want to group us together with now . 
  i personally vividly remember rockets falling on zagreb , blood in the streets with torn body parts all over , and mile martic on tv boasting that not only did he order the strike , he will continue to hit zagreb until the last croatian cat is dead . 
  this was in may 1995 . 
  the rockets equipped with cluster bombs rained on the very centre of zagreb indiscriminately , some of them even hitting a children 's hospital . 
  i ca n't forget those scenes and i certainly ca n't forget what those people wanted to do . 
  they wanted us gone . 
  erased from history . 
  and it was n't just a few crazy warlords , they had overwhelming support with their people . 
  so excuse me if i take offense at some smug european know it all telling me i 'm a reactionary and a `` nationalist '' for not wanting to be grouped in the same sentence with people who wanted to destroy me , my family , my language and culture and damn near succeed . 
  my language is croatian . 
  it 's not serbo-croatian , or serbian or serb-croatian-bosnian-montenegrin . 
  it 's croatian and nothing else . 
  and i assure you that a vast majority of my compatriots feels exactly the same . 
  if you ca n't accept that then kindly fuck off and spread your vitriol somewhere else . 
  i did n't say croatian `` progressives '' would say that . 
  i said they do n't object to it , or at least do n't object nearly as loud as they should . 
  which is suspect , since youtube , reddit and almost every social network is absolutely filled with these kinds of idiotic comments . 
  i find it really sad and disturbing that the croatian `` progressives '' think that the only way for them to distance themselves from those nasty nationalists is to deprecate and outright reject their own language , culture and history to the point that they do n't even object to some outright nonsensical serbian nationalist claims like `` dubrovnik is serbian '' , `` croats are a non-nation '' , `` croatia never existed before 1941 '' , `` croats do n't have a language , they stole serbian from us '' , etc. 
  sad ga stvarno seres . 
  croatian was standardized in the 19th century , yet if you take any original text from 1900-1915 you 'll have quite a bit of trouble reading it or understanding it without a dictionary . 
  and that was only 100 years ago . 
  and then you can take the example of turkey where young people are completely unable to read or even understand texts that are only 100 years old ( due in part to changing script , but also a strong push to `` modernize '' the language ) . 
  shakespeare is a model for standard english , but these days you need a dictionary to even understand what he 's talking about , not to mention the archaic grammatical structures that sound odd and out of place to any modern english speaker . 
  the point is that language is a living thing , it flows and changes constantly , and without political ties and forced standardization languages tend to drift apart and not together . 
  after all without standardized english and strong political ties someone from cornwall would be completely unable to understand someone from yorkshire , even though they supposedly speak the same language . 
  linguists do n't really shape language , they only record its shape , and can , for a time through standardization , keep a particular dialect alive longer than others . 
  since the standardized sthokavian dialect that is the basis for modern croatian and serbian languages was originally modeled after the standard vernacular of dubrovnik and its hinterland , and dubrovnik was and is a bastion of croatian culture and literature , why do n't you call the whole language croatian and be done with it ? 
  oh , that does n't sit so well with you ?
