  so what is to be done then ? 
  well , nothing will erase what happened , least of all creating new nationalist-statist mythologies about who was the most to blame . 
  that 's just sowing seeds for some future propaganda fueled conflict . 
  the only way to move beyond what happened is to first start seeing your `` enemies '' as normal people , motivated by same everyday things as yourself , and not some genocidal maniacs nationalist propaganda would have you believe . 
  your enemy has always been the state , more precisely , the collectivist madness that surrounds it , the destructive ideas that make the individual subservient to the collective , making every atrocity perpetrated against the individual permissible if it benefits the collective i.e. 
  the nation state . 
  while it 's indisputable that war crimes were committed by croats in bosnia and herzegovina ( as determined by the icty ) , it is also indisputable that oluja was not an ethnic cleansing campaign , but a legitimate military operation ( also determined by the icty ) . 
  it is also indisputable that by far the greatest number of war crimes , including ethnic cleansing was perpetrated by serb forces in b&h and croatia ( also determined by the icty ) . 
  in fact their number is so great that they have a [ separate entry on wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbian_war_crimes_in_the_yugoslav_wars#war_crimes ) . 
  bosnia and herzegovina [ before ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/53/demobih1991.png ) the war ( 1991 ) and [ after ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/22/demobih2006a.png ) ( 2006 ) . 
  letting them leave would also legitimize genocide and ethnic cleansing that achieved 95 % `` pure '' republic of srpska ( which was not the case before the war ) . 
  like it or not , b&h will either remain unified or there is almost 100 % probability of another war . 
  one of the conditions of the dayton agreement that ended the war in bosnia and herzegovina and created the internal borders that exist today was that rs would not be allowed to exit , but would instead remain a part of unified b&h . serbs ca n't just `` vote '' to leave b&h and join serbia because that would make the agreement void , and would probably lead to another war . 
  and if you think that 's impossible , you are absolutely oblivious to the situation on the ground in b&h now . 
  all the animosity is still there , frozen in time . 
  the dayton agreement is crumbling as it is , because it was never intended to last for 20 years , but without it there would be war , i guarantee it . 
   american laissez-faire market regulation  laissez-faire market regulation  laissez-faire regulation u wot m8, 
  i wonder what they would have talked about if that meeting took place after russia 's annexation of crimea . 
  i 'm sure they discussed all kinds of scenarios either way . 
  that 's right , which is potentially very dangerous for the stability of the region . 
  they 're all smiles and manners for the eu , but their internal rhetoric is almost unchanged , at least as far as their voters are concerned . 
  this could lead to trouble for bosnia and reactive radicalization in croatia in the long run . 
  remember that in bosnia , the most powerful politician is milorad dodik , who , as president of republic of srpska openly espouses greater serbian rhetoric . 
  to offer a little background , both aleksandar vucic ( prime minister elect ) and tomislav nikolic ( incumbent president ) of serbia were members of the serbian radical party until 2008 . 
  serbian radical party was re-founded in 1990 by a group of greater serbian extremists led by vojislav seselj , who is currently on trial for war crimes at icty in hague . 
  the party , which became the largest single party in the serbian parliament after the fall of milosevic , was responsible for organizing and sending out death squads which were involved in numerous war crimes in croatia , bosnia and kosovo during the 1990s . 
  its platform was and still remains extreme serbian nationalism with openly irredentist / greater serbian rhetoric towards croatia , bosnia and kosovo . 
  after the party rose in power in the 2000s it was unable to participate in government because no other party wanted to form a coalition with them , marginalizing them despite a huge relative majority in the parliament . 
  unhappy with this situation , first vucic and then nikolic left the srp and formed a new party called serbian progressive party . 
  this `` reformed '' party was able to shake off radical perceptions and ultimately helped both its leaders to take up key leadership positions in serbia . 
  nikolic won the presidency in 2012 , and vucic won the general election in 2014 . 
  this may be about just 5 idiots , but the chetnik movement is strong in serbia . 
  in fact , current president of serbia , tomislav nikolic , was once an influential member ( and even the leader ) of the serbian radical party , which organized chetnik death squads during the wars of 1990s . 
  he actually holds a title of `` chetnik voivode '' , bestowed to him by the former leader of srp , vojislav seselj , who is on trial for war crimes in hague right now . 
  a kind of rehabilitation of the chetnik movement is taking place in serbia now , and just last year a high budget tv series about the chetniks called `` ravna gora '' was broadcast on serbian national tv to very high ratings . 
  i have absolutely no problems distinguishing between all major european languages . 
  slavic languages are no more complicated than germanic languages , just very different , obviously . 
  i guess if you do n't speak one of them they can be harder to distinguish , but i guess that 's true of all language groups . 
  after all , do n't all east asian languages sound the same to non-speakers ? 
  it 's a shame more western europeans do n't take the time to learn slavic languages because it would give them an opportunity to study , in the words of the authors themselves , the vast literary wealth of slavic world , which rivals and exceeds anything by shakespeare , goethe or balzac . 
  oh please , you ca n't possibly be this naive . 
  well duh . 
  next time they play chess , russia is fucking dead . 
   absolutely , the eu as an organism is programmed for survival and growth . 
  like cancer . 
  proper title : russia 's kangaroo senate rubber stamps putin 's aggression and partition of ukraine . 
  good . 
   croatia is in eu since beginning of this year croatia joined the eu on july 1st , 2013 . 
  yes . 
  why is the number of mep 's limited , and how can anyone argue that there 's any kind of democratic accountability , when one mep equals roughly 670 thousand votes ? 
  i mean governments of certain countries within the eu have been elected with less votes than that . 
  and yet , in some matters , these mep 's have more power than the governments themselves ? 
  why does croatia have 11 mp 's , the same as lithuania , when croatia has around 4.5 million citizens , and lithuania around 3 million ? 
  he was elected in 1990 , 1992 and 1997 , with overwhelming numbers each time . 
  only one of those elections was during war time . 
  you 're playing fast and loose with words like `` dictator '' and `` war criminal '' . 
  by your definitions , lincoln could be called a war criminal and a dictator as well . 
  so could churchill , or roosevelt , or tito . 
  in fact , some of those people have a far better claim to those titles than tudjman . 
  tudjman was a dictator ? 
  he was elected in democratic elections 3 times . 
  he may have had some autocratic tendencies , but a dictator he was not . 
  it 's embarrassing that a supposed croatian ( judging by your flair ) would even attempt to assert something that stupid . 
  i will presume you 're just very young and do n't remember tudjman very well or at all . 
  it did , and since immigrants make up almost 27 % of swiss population it 's that much more significant . 
  it is unlikely that immigrants will vote against immigration in large numbers so that skews the result . 
  it seems that native swiss have voted overwhelmingly to end immigration . 
  yugoslavia did n't prohibit travel or emigration to its citizens , unlike countries behind the `` iron curtain '' . 
  it would have been far easier for those romanians to get to the west through yugoslavia than any other communist country . 
  in my country we often say `` misliti je drek znati '' , which , roughly translated means `` to think ( or believe ) is to know shit ( nothing ) '' . 
  so you thought democracy is all those things and now you find out that it 's none of the above . 
  in fact , democracy is just universal suffrage and majority rule , nothing more , nothing less . 
  wait , let 's break this down . 
  first the `` people '' demand `` free '' education , giving the state the mandate to tax more and pay for it . 
  then , a person whose parents and him/herself have already been taxed by this mandate decides to enroll in a `` free '' education school . 
  he/she finishes the said education for `` free '' and now they should be literally enslaved by the government until he/she `` pays it off '' ? 
  where in the world does the government get the mandate to enslave anyone ? 
  also , do people get the chance to opt out of paying for `` free education '' out of their taxes if they choose to pay for their educations out of pocket ( to escape said `` enslavement '' ) ? 
  i 'd take it back to a simple free trade agreement with free movement of people , goods and services . 
  abolish everything else . 
   i.de.o.lo.gy  * noun *  a system of ideas and ideals , esp . 
  one that forms the basis of economic or political theory and policy . 
  so yes , lack of ideas about economic and political policy is bad . 
  if there 's no ideology in politics , all you 're left with is populism or tyranny . 
  it is . 
  i do , in fact , disagree , because the lisbon treaty is quite definitively not a european constitution , as attested by failed referendums in france and netherlands on that very subject . 
  it 's wider than a free trade treaty , yes , but much , much narrower than a constitution , and with the rise of euroscepticism following the great recession , it is very unlikely that there will be any further inroads made towards an `` ever closer union '' in the future . 
  in fact , if uk does decide to leave the eu , it is far more likely that other countries will want to reduce the power of the eu to avoid further fragmentation of the common market . 
  yes , you do that , and maybe then you wo n't come across as clueless . 
  on the other hand , you did , in fact , commit a `` straw man '' fallacy , so you may want to look that up for future reference . 
  you have n't really confuted me . 
  `` no true scotsman '' fallacy goes like this : a : no x does y. 
  b : but this x does y. 
  a : then this x is not a true x. 
  it refers to changing prepositions of the argument after it has been made . 
  since your argument was that : a : since x does y , x is bad , and a pipe dream . 
  b : but it 's not x because it does n't conform to the definition of x. 
  it is in fact z , therefore your argument is invalid . 
  a : no it 's x because i say it is , `` no true scotsman '' , hurr durr . 
  i can only conclude that you 're even more ignorant then you initially revealed .
