you 're an idiot . 
   - increased retirement age to 80 really ? 
  not 67 like this article states ? 
  : http://www.worldbank.org/en/results/2013/08/06/in-poland-new-retirement-age-for-assured-prosperity, 
  august 1995 best day of my lyfe, 
   how the hell they got so rich , and we are still so poor :( http://news.heartland.org/newspaper-article/2006/07/01/estonia-creates-economic-miracle short answer - they embraced liberal capitalism wholeheartedly , unlike the rest of post-soviet countries where socialist economic policies are still very much a part of everyday life . 
  the main reasons for break up of yugoslavia were economic , political and cultural , in that order . 
  yugoslavia suffered from a 15 year long recession , the political system was a type of totalitarianism which did n't tolerate opposition or dissent , and the serbs , as the most numerous ethnic group , dominated the bureaucracy and the military , as well as political decision making to great dissatisfaction of other ethnic groups . 
  i find it hilarious that you would try and lecture me , a person who literally lives here and has experienced the breakup of yugoslavia first hand on the reasons and details in such an obtuse manner . 
  reading a few wikipedia articles and reddit comments does n't make you an expert on balkans . 
  that 's a load of bollocks . 
  as a croat from croatia , who can speak from first hand experience , the `` line '' is very well defined and has historically had very little to do with religion or language , but rather with the shared culture and history , as well as a sense of belonging to a certain cultural milieu . 
  the people of the `` west balkans '' simply do not share those connections for various reasons , and even though they spent 70 years in the same country , the differences between them were never even close to being erased . 
  i simply detest the perfunctory way this is treated by some people who have absolutely no experience with the region or the people . 
  it 's disrespectful and annoying . 
  you do realize that religion = / = ethnicity ? 
  and just in case you do n't understand what ethnicity is , here 's a wikipedia article that will help : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_group, 
  bosnia is in a state of frozen conflict . 
  the fact is , multiculturalism in b&h died when the first grenades started falling , but it was definitely buried when the horrific war crimes filled the news for 4 years . 
  there is no going back to how things were because the huge majority of people do n't want it . 
  on top of that , there is a sense of overwhelming futility to it all because the war was not allowed to burn itself out . 
  there was no closure . 
  all this death and destruction and still nothing to show for it ? 
  no wonder the entire country is depressed . 
  worse than that , there is literally zero trust and good will between ethnic groups , everyone hates everyone . 
  perhaps it would have been better for bosnia to disintegrate and get chopped up between serbia and croatia , at least then the only unhappy group would be the bosniaks . 
  a linguistic issue can be political as well , but that does n't make it any less valid . 
  in fact , it is precisely the leftist politics of internationalism and pan-nationalism that are at stake here . 
  leftists promote this idea of `` one language '' as a way to achieve their political goals , so they are the ones primarily making it a political issue . 
  it is curious because during yugoslavia those same leftist had no problem proclaiming them separate languages . 
  only when the political climate shifted , did the leftist attitudes shift as well . 
  it is curious that you would choose only those authors who are widely seen as leftist and , to a degree , `` yugonostalgic '' to justify your assertions . 
  i 'll just say that most croatian linguists , including very respectable names like stjepan babi\u0107 , stjepan damjanovi\u0107 , mario gr\u010devi\u0107 , leopold auburger , ivo pranjkovi\u0107 , vinko grubi\u0161i\u0107 , professors and academics all , disagree vehemently with snjezana kordic and others you listed here . 
  in fact , there exists an official statement of the croatian academy of sciences and arts from 2005 . which clearly articulates the attitudes of the academy on this issue which is very different from yours . 
  it can be read in its entirety on wikisource here : http://hr.wikisource.org/wiki/izjava_hrvatske_akademije_znanosti_i_umjetnosti_o_polo\u017eaju_hrvatskog_jezika, 
  many ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  even leftist icons like krleza and nazor thought that croatian was distinct from serbian . 
  in fact , krleza was one of the preeminent signatories of the declaration on the name and status of croatian language in 1967 . 
  so no , i absolutely guarantee you that a great majority of croatians , regardless of whether they 're `` conservative '' or `` liberal '' shares the sentiment . 
  well it certainly does n't refer to croatia , no sir . 
  me three . 
  i may complain about croatia a lot but it 's still the most beautiful country in the world with the most wonderful people and i would n't want to live anywhere else . 
  hopefully never . 
  alas , we 're bound by the accession treaty to join at some point . 
  we can try and delay that as much as possible though . 
  maybe , just maybe , we can delay it long enough for the whole ridiculous experiment to burn itself out . 
  a single currency for widely disparate economies is not a good idea , now or ever . 
  oh brother . 
  ok everyone , form an orderly circle , let 's get this jerk over with . 
  a very good explanation . 
  i would also mention hindi and urdu languages ( which are spoken literally by hundreds of millions of speakers , and are fully mutually intelligible ) , bulgarian and macedonian , ukranian and rusyn , malaysian and indonesian , etc. 
  there are numerous examples of languages which can be considered just dialects of the same language but are nevertheless classified as separate for no better reason than the fact that native speakers belong to separate population groups - nationally , culturally , religiously , or any number of other factors . 
  in that sense , so-called serbo-croatian is curious only insofar that these separate dialects coverged due to political circumstances at one point , and then diverged some time later , again due to politics , but this happened recently enough that the differences between standard languages are still small enough that for some linguists it 's easier to treat it as one language rather than two ( or four ) . 
  still , language is a living thing , it changes and reinvents itself constantly . 
  it 's undoubtable that serbian and croatian will drift further apart now that there are two competing language authorities , but more than this , for dialects to converge there needs to be vigorous cultural exchange . 
  this existed in yugoslavia when serbs read croatian books , watched croatian movies and visited or lived in croatian cities and vice-versa . 
  today , when there is bitterness and resentment , and almost no cultural exchange ( compared to 30 years ago ) , there is no driving force that keeps the languages close . 
  of course , things wo n't change overnight , and serbian and croatian languages will surely still be very much mutually intelligible in 50 years , but at some point in the not so far future linguists will have to `` concede defeat '' and treat these languages as separate and distinct . 
  i 'm sorry , is this the line for the europe circlejerk ? 
  yay !, 
  croatia can into relevance !, 
  i have n't seen all of them but zagreb one is kinda meh . 
  i prefer this one : zagreb - pulse of the city : http://youtu.be/xsz49mzcvg0, 
  croats are fully within their rights when they celebrate operation storm as the event that ended the war in croatia and brought about liberation and normalization in their country , and serbs are fully within their rights when they mourn operation storm as the event that resulted in a mass exodus , civilian casualties , and life changing circumstances for many krajina serbs . 
  `` war makes monsters of us all '' . 
  these things are undeniable , but that does n't make the august 5th celebration in croatia any more controversial than victory in europe day celebrations . 
  croats won a defensive war , and native serb population of krajina paid the price of greater serbian ambitions , just as native germans in non-german countries of europe suffered after ww2 . 
  it 's not right , it 's not fair , but it 's glossed over in the larger context of nazi aggression and their subsequent defeat . 
  the only difference here is that this was a war between two small european nations , and not giants like usa , france , uk , germany , japan and russia who can mobilize massive propaganda machines to vilify the losers and glorify the victors . 
  in that regard it 's an interesting glimpse into what real consequences of war look like , divorced of ( most ) propaganda . 
  indeed . 
  but the volume of `` fucked up shit '' the serbs produced in this period dwarfs everything done by the other sides by a few orders of magnitude . 
  serbs did n't accidentally earn a bad reputation . 
  they worked for it long and hard . 
   whatever helps you sleep at night , i guess ... http://www.unhcr.org/cgi-bin/texis/vtx/page?page=49e48d7d6&amp;submit=go plenty of statistics to back up my claims . 
  you 're welcome to them . 
  unless , of course , you 'd rather remain in your current state of willful ignorance . 
  this , unfortunately , is what most serbs really believe . 
  the decades of rts propaganda have done irreparable damage , and i fear it will all end with another conflict . 
  this is why i 'm always weary of those who would say `` all sides were guilty '' in the yugoslav wars and refuse to elaborate . 
  yes , all sides have had their share of extremists , but serbs are the only ones who have kept them in power to this day , both in serbia and in bosnia . 
  around half of serbs who were forced out of croatia in 1995 have returned in the mean time , their property returned and renovated or compensated , and those who have n't have been offered croatian citizenship which many have accepted . 
  croatia has done more than any other country that participated to mitigate the effects of war on national minorities and has done so entirely on its own budget , with no war reparations from serbia in sight . 
  what has republic of srpska done except solidify the ethnic cleansing and threatening to leave b&h from the start ? 
  basically , they can try to leave , but it will start another war , like ukraine . 
  all for that ridiculous nationalist dream of `` all serbs in one country '' . 
  should bosnian croats secede next ? 
  should kosovo join albania ? 
  should the ethnic hungarians in vojvodina join hungary ? 
  that 's a very disingenuous way of describing the situation , considering that srebrenica genocide happened in july 1995 , only a few months before the signing of dayton agreement . 
  if anything , it was like giving a rabid dog a choice of either being shot to death or being forced into a cage indefinitely . 
  there is no doubt that , had the situation been favorable for the serbs , the agreement would never have happened , bosnia would have been ethnically cleansed of bosniaks and croats and annexed to serbia proper . 
  thankfully , this scenario was prevented , even though serbs got to keep their ethnically cleansed `` republic '' and bosniaks and croats were forced out of their homes and forced to resettle on just 50 % of the rest of the territory of b&h ( although they represent a 65 % majority of the population when put together ) . 
  you know when republic of srpska can leave ? 
  when every single one of those people returns to their home and you have a proper , b&h wide referendum . 
  germans worked long and hard on being forgiven by the rest of europe . 
  they have completely dissociated themselves from their nationalist and nazi past and have fully accepted their blame in the events that transpired . 
  the majority of serbs on the other hand are completely unapologetic , trying to shift responsibility to everyone else , and have continued to support nationalist chauvinist rhetoric of the 90s throughout these 25 years . 
  ffs , both their current president and prime minister are former high ranking members of the serbian radical party which organized chetnik death squads in the 90s , and are both officially `` chetnik voivode '' .
