  surely , that 's not so difficult to understand ? 
  here , i 'll give you just one example - croatia largely participated in the renaissance ( in architecture , literature , politics , etc. ), 
  because it was in the italian/central european sphere of influence while serbia did not because it was in the ottoman sphere . 
  now imagine how differently the western world would have evolved culturally if the renaissance never happened . 
  same with the reformation , counter reformation , enlightenment etc. 
  religion is a huge , huge thing culturally . 
  i do n't think anything else has as big an influence on a culture as its religion . 
  but even if that were irrelevant , serbs have always gravitated towards the oriental , greek influences , and croats have always gravitated towards occidental , germanic and italian influence . 
  this is shockingly evident in everything from art & architecture to literature and music . 
  and that 's ok . we do n't have to be the same to share other cultural connections . 
  but the original question was why serbs and croats are different and i think i explained it adequately . 
  well , apparently , the younger generations of serbs and croats ( born after the breakup of yugoslavia ) are having at least some difficulty understanding each other because even though serbian and croatian share a lot of grammar and vocabulary , a lack of exposure to the other variant ( in terms of cultural exchange there might as well be a brick wall between croatia and serbia right now ) means that a lot of words and phrases us older generations were exposed to through books , comics , television etc are just not being learned by the younger generations . 
  of course , they still manage to find a common language , but it 's interesting that the process of alienation has already begun . 
  i really do n't see things getting better any time soon , so even though croatian and serbian will probably be mutually intelligible 100 years from now , i suspect the differences will continue to pile on especially if the cultural ~ ~ bonds ~ ~ exchange remains frozen for a while . 
  evolution of language is a very slow process , and 200 years is not enough for things to change dramatically . 
  think back to shakespeare and his english . 
  it 's archaic , yes , but it 's still very much like modern english in terms of grammar and vocabulary . 
  so in that context , serbian and croatian were always very similar , but if for example croatian kept the older kajkavian based standard , then it would probably be closer to slovenian and farther from serbian then it is today . 
  if serbian kept the old slavonic-serbian standard of the 18th century ( even though that language was n't really the language of serbian commoners ) , it would be far closer to russian/ukranian than to croatian today . 
  in any case , at least in terms of croatian , adopting the shtokavian dialect as standard was a very calculated move , since even today , barely 50 % of croats in croatia speak that dialect natively . 
  on the other hand almost all bosnian croats speak it natively , so it was probably a move that kept them in the croatian national fold , and prevented the serbs from claiming that all shtokavians are serbs , which is something that was very much advocated by eminent serbian linguists like vuk karadzic in the 19th century . 
  many slavic languages are very similar to each other and mutually intelligible . 
  czech and slovak for example . 
  russian , belarussian and ukranian . 
  serbian , croatian and ( to some degree ) slovenian . 
  bulgarian and macedonian . 
  croatian and serbian were brought closer together through standardization . 
  official standard languages are based on the same dialect ( shtokavian ) this was very much intended , as the intelligentsia in both nations at the time felt that south slavs should be united in the same way italy was united 50 years earlier . 
  the older serbian and croatian standard languages were much further apart . 
  so while the drive to unite these two different nations did exist in the past 200 years , it 's now obvious that was a very bad idea in the long run . 
  i guess unlike the italians the cultural differences were just too great . 
  well , if a culture separated by 1000 years of history is n't enough i really do n't know what is . 
  serbs and croats have literally never shared a state until 1918 . 
  from the croatian kingdoms of the 10th century to the serbian empire of the 14th century , trough the great schism of the christian world , through the ottoman invasions and austrian expansion , serbs and croats have always remained in opposite camps . 
  yes , they lived side by side , but often divided into bitterly opposed camps through the ambitions of great empires and great religions . 
  unfortunately , the `` west balkans '' is the place where civilizations always rubbed shoulders for thousands of years , at least since the west - east roman empire split . 
  the very idea of south slavic unity did n't exist until the early 19th century and even then it took a 100 years and some very unusual historical circumstances to get serbs and croats into the same state . 
  you can imagine that 1000 years of separate history makes a huge impact on the respective cultures . 
  yes , on one hand they are similar , but on the other they are worlds apart . 
  czechs and slovaks or danes and norwegians are far more alike than croats and serbs . 
  at least those nations shared a state for large part of their histories . 
  you mean apart from the fact that around 200 000 collaborators , army regulars and civilian sympathizers that were killed in forced marches and outright executions in 1945 , starting at bleiburg ? 
  the slovenian countryside is littered with mass graves due to `` denazification '' of croatia . 
  any more and it would be genocide . 
  in principle , this is called universal jurisdiction and is almost exclusively reserved for international courts like the icj or icty . 
  there have been some cases where certain states invoked universal jurisdiction in their own courts for crimes that involved crimes against humanity , but as a rule these cases are almost always left up to international courts or courts of the state where the crimes have been commited . 
  that 's why extradition laws and agreements exist in the first place . 
  now , serbia claiming universal juridiction , although troublesome is n't the biggest problem . 
  the problem is that serbia is refusing to put some people who are accused of war crimes in croatia on trial and it 's also refusing to extradite them to croatia to face justice in croatian courts due to its `` universal jurisdiction '' law . 
  on the other hand , it has in the past arrested and tried croatian citizens who had no idea that they were even wanted for alleged war crimes because serbia did n't request their extradition or showed any intent to prosecute before they stepped on serbian soil . 
  this is absolutely unacceptable and shows a gross disregard for international legal customs and due process . 
  also , as far as war crimes in former yugoslavia are concerned , the only widely accepted universal jurisdiction over those belongs to the icty , and all those cases should have been brought before icty before it was disbanded . 
  they can still be brought before the icj , so there 's really no reason for serbia to claim universal jurisdiction at all except as an attempt to protect its own citizens who were involved in war crimes on croatian and bosnian soil from facing justice . 
  semantics . 
  serbia should n't have the right to organize a trial for crimes that did n't happen in its own jurisdiction , that goes contrary to every law and custom in international legal community . 
  `` captain dragan '' commited war crimes on the territory of croatia . 
  that 's why croatia can put out a warrant for his extradiction . 
  that 's how international law works . 
  serbia on the other hand thinks it can put out that same warrant because he commited war crimes on the territory of former yugoslavia , a country that does not exist anymore . 
  it 's unprecedented in international law . 
  that 's why croatia demands that serbia renounces this nonsense law before it can join eu . 
  really simple . 
  if it 's occasional and casual it 's ineffective and represents a `` security theatre '' . 
  if it 's regular and thorough it 's absolutely an assault on civil liberties . 
  not only that , it turns the presumption of innocence on its head . 
  everyone is a suspect until we ( the state ) determine they 're not . 
  every single day . 
  yes , you should , because while terrorist acts are horrible and detestable , the odds of you or anyone you know being affected by one directly are about the same as you or anyone you know dying in a plane crash - i.e. 
  extremely low , about the same as being struck by lightning or winning big in a lottery . 
  on the other hand , terror by the state is very real and would affect you and everyone you know every day , for an indeterminate amount of time . 
  giving up civil liberties for some imaginary `` security '' is both stupid and sad , and , incidentally , exactly what the terrorists want . 
  the stated goal of al ` qaeda and all other related terrorist groups has always been to destroy the western values , philosophy and liberties . 
  and they 're doing a damn good job of it . 
  play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
  croatian communist partisans won in ww2 so i 'm not exactly sure what you 're implying . 
  even if , like a good serb ultranationalist you want to imply ustashe were a legitimate croatian government ( like vichy france or nedic 's serbia , right ? ), 
  then they lost the entire bosnia and 200 000 + croat supporters of the regime that were killed in the immediate aftermath of the war and still litter the slovenian countryside in countless mass graves where they were put after being executed without any trial or semblence of justice , often just because they were croats . 
  this is what serbian ultranationalists actually believe . 
  do n't even get me started on `` muh 6 gorillion '' in jasenovac which has by every objective measure been determined to be no less than 60 000 and no more than 100 000 dead , and that number included jews , roma and croats opposed to the regime as well as serbs . 
  paired with the fact that the area we 're talking about had around 12-15 million people before ww2 one would have to be literally insane ( or a serb nationalist ) to claim that the ethnic structure shown on your map ( map of greater serbia , let 's not forget ) was in any way related to the admittedly horrible crimes of the ustasha quisling regime . 
  in fact , even though ustasha did claim bosnia as a part of `` independent state of croatia '' it 's an undeniable historical fact they never actually controlled even 50 % of that territory so even if your inane theories were correct , it would mean that some political force other than the ustashe regime must have been responsible for the supposed ethnic structure changes on those territories . 
  oh look , half of the territory on that map does n't even have a serb majority . 
  would you have a ) `` ethnically cleansed '' those territories as well , or would it b ) suddenly be ok to live with huge minorities in `` greater serbia '' . 
  if the answer is a ) - fuck you , you got what you deserved , and if it 's b ) was n't yugoslavia even greater territory gain ? 
  in any case , since this `` greater serbia '' does n't include the `` krajina '' i guess more wars to get the `` otad\u017ebina '' would have been inevitable . 
  i guess you think croats should n't have been asked anything ? 
  i guess you think they would have just taken it without question ? 
  lol , think again . 
  in fact , keep crying about it like a little bitch cause god knows you tried everything else . 
  maybe you can celebrate this loss for 600 years like that last one . 
  yay , we 're first !, 
  wait ... 
  dawwwww , we love you too little slovenia :3 < 3 < 3, 
  wise words from a person whose nick translates to `` i shit in your mouths '' . 
  \u0106a\u0107a ti je serbo-croatian . 
  well , serbia always likes to point out that it was in no way directly involved in bosnia and croatia , as in no serbia regular ever crossed into those countries , do they not ? 
  or is that ... * different * ? 
  you 're strawmanning hard now . 
  please point out any comment up to this point that `` circle-jerked '' about anything of the sort . 
  economics is as much about human behaviour , psychology and politics , as it is about mathematics .
