  that 's like having former nazi party leadership in power in 1965 germany . 
  this `` everyone is equally guilty '' shit is precisely the thing fueling regional nationalism , and preventing any chance of real progress . 
  croats and bosniaks will never accept this characterisation of events just as french or russians would never have accepted `` equal blame '' for ww1 and 2 . 
  one of the conditions of signing the dayton agreement by the other two sides in the conflict that ended the war was that bosnia and herzegovina is indivisible and that republic of srpska ca n't secede . 
  the serb side accepted this knowing full well that if they did n't , croatian army , which had just routed serb krajina army a few months before , would have moved into bosnia and assisted the army of b&h to defeat the army of republic of srpska . 
  besides , if you compare ethnic maps from before 1991 , it 's clear that republic of srpska has been completely ethnically cleansed of bosniaks , especially around the border with serbia , and now they should be rewarded for it by having them secede ? 
  it sets a very dangerous precedent , and i doubt bosniaks and croats would just stand idly by and let bosnian serbs get away with it . 
  turning public monopolies into private monopolies is n't `` privatisation '' . 
  what you want is competition , and if you have a state run monopoly for a 100 years , then competition will not exist , period . 
  selling that monopoly wholesale to a private investor ca n't be labeled `` free market reform '' because there are no free markets involved . 
  it 's extremely hard to bring back competition once you create a state run monopoly . 
  that 's why free market proponents are so against them . 
  neither did croatia and slovenia , and they faced the fourth strongest army in europe . 
  you know what they did ? 
  smuggled in small arms for months before escalation , and then when shit hit the fan quickly cut logistic supply lines to army barracks , surrounded them and captured the equipment while allowing the soldiers to leave . 
  this is referred to as `` the battle of the barracks '' , google it . 
  as the most recent major war of succession in europe , the whole yugoslav conflict is fascinating if you 're looking for answers to how things would go down if there were other wars of succession in modern western states , including the us . 
  they did n't `` pan out smoothly '' because unilateral secession is usually the last resort when all other options have been exhausted . 
  historically , unilateral secession is most often followed by a war of independence . 
  this is because , despite legitimate right of people to self-determination , there are always those who wish to deny that right to others , by force if necessary . 
  still , history also teaches that such efforts are most often futile . 
  once a critical mass supporting secession is reached , there is very little that can be done to prevent it , and even when a war manages to prevent successful secession , the huge loss of wealth and life and the resentment it creates defeats its purpose . 
  if spain wants to start a war against catalonia over this issue , they can , but what will that achieve ? 
  would the spanish people even support such a war ? 
  and the way to find out for sure is ... to deny them the right to a referendum ? 
  the majority of whom ? 
  the catalans ? 
   unilateral secession ( one admittedly weighted example could be the confederacy in the us civil war ) . 
  or , you know , unites states from england , pakistan from india , texas from mexico , slovenia and croatia from yugoslavia , finland from russia , etc. 
  there are so many `` unweighted '' historical examples that one must wonder about your motives when citing confederacy vs us as a prime example . 
  unfortunately , neither . 
  hey , you 're from sweden , this might interest you : http://m.thelocal.se//20121018/43900, 
  that 's like asking would you rather be raped forcefuly or lovingly . 
  a false dichtomy if there ever was one . 
  i 'd rather be free . 
  foolish slaves who love their chains shall remain in their bondage ... go on then slave , praise your masters and hate your brothers for wanting to be free . 
  that is , after all , what all good slaves do . 
  can paying 70 % of all you earn in taxes really be called anything else but slavery ? 
  whatever it was , it was a de facto and de iure state and people were born in it , so they have it on their birth certificates . 
  the point of my post was to demonstrate that while most of the players were n't born in republic of croatia , most of them still have croatia as place of birth in their birth certificates , because croatia always kept its autonomy , even while a part of other empires . 
  well , older than independent republic of croatia . 
  there was a federal socialist republic of croatia within yugoslavia before that , and most of them have that in their birth certificates . 
  and before that there was independent state of croatia , and before that banovina of croatia , and before that kingdom of croatia , slavonia and dalmatia , etc. 
  now you take that back , vegeta is fucking delicious !, 
  a europe without states , without governments and political unions , without borders , with liberty and free markets and free movement for all . 
  a europe of anarcho-capitalist communities interconnected through free trade , culture and other mutually beneficial , voluntary , non-coercive relationships . 
  i make a bold prediction here that most of the world will , in fact , look like that in 100-200 years , provided statist lunacy does n't murder us all in the meantime . 
  i think that would change significantly in the scenario that 's being proposed here . 
  my guess is that with tropic climate in europe and that much more water in circulation , you 'd probably have at least two rivers the size of amazon feeding the mediterranean basin , not to mention several `` smaller '' ones the size of danube or nile now . 
  i 'm not exaggerating . 
  the examples on wikipedia do not adequately represent the difference in vocabulary , intonation , articulation and other verbal characteristics which make the croatian dialects so diverse . 
  sure , if you could write down everything that is being said , and then analyze it using a localisms dictionary and a grammar book , you 'd see that structurally they 're very similar to stokavian and follow almost all the same grammatical rules , but hearing them spoken without help is quite different , and puts a far greater distance between them than between any dialect in the english language . 
  for example , here 's a small sample of the text of a wonderful chakavian song written some 40 years ago by one of the greatest modern croatian songwriters ljubo stipisic delmata , written in a traditional chakavian dialect which , although not spoken as much among the younger generations , is still perfectly intelligible to them , but is almost completely unintelligible to stokavian and kajkavian speakers :  pute , laze pizon dubli tovari  gustirne \u017eedne , mijun si\u0107i i lati  konkulana \u0161kina te\u017eakov od motik  po \u017eurnatin , \u017eurnatin pritrujena and here 's standard stokavian translation :  puteve , ulaze ( u polja ) , teretom utrli magarci . 
  this is the danger of false sense of knowledge gained from secondary and tertiary sources . 
  while encyclopedias certainly have their legitimate uses , to really understand an issue , reading an encyclopedia entry will just not suffice . 
  also , enjoy this magnificant song as it was intended , even if you do n't understand the words ( it 's a lot cooler if you do however ) http://youtu.be/knaty74gidi, 
  yes , it 's always stupid to hear non-speakers claim that croatian and serbian are so very mutually intelligible when in reality only standardized versions are , but that 's only because standardized versions are based on the same dialect - stokavian . 
  on the other hand , at least half of croatians do n't use standard stokavian as their native dialect , and even though they learn it in school , the language they use in their daily interaction , whether it 's chakavian or kajkavian , is far from easy to understand to stokavian speakers . 
  they will of course accommodate stokavian speakers when they interact with them , but as a zagrabian ( meaning i understand stokavian best , and kajkavian pretty well ) , i will often be left completely in awe when i hear kajkavians or chakavians talk among themselves , understanding probably only every third word . 
  i ca n't imagine someone from serbia would understand any of it . 
  i imagine that the lack of external pressure to bring the languages closer together will result in increasing natural drift between croatian and serbian in the next century , especially because there is very little cultural interaction between these two countries now , and i do n't see that changing for a long time . 
  unfortunately , since melting ice caps obviously result from increased temperatures , and since all that water that was trapped in the ice would now be circulating freely in the troposphere , it would be logical to expect much more rainfall , tropical conditions in most currently temperate areas , and massive floods on a regular basis . 
  building dams would n't make any difference , since the mediterranean would feed from its great rivers danube and nile . 
  that 's because we 're idiots . 
  really hope they succeed , from what i 've seen that car is not only a beast performance-wise , it 's also a marvel of high tech engineering . 
  maybe rimac cars will become european tesla motors ? 
  let 's hope so . 
  nah , the ancient greeks started it , and you 're as far removed from them as italians are from romans . 
  even more , considering ancient greece was no longer independent long before the fall of rome . 
  modern greeks are just a byzantine-turkish mix . 
  no offense bro . 
  excellent article , very accurately describes parallels between milosevic 's serbia and putin 's russia ... 
  same tactics , different century . 
  hopefully , not the same outcome . 
  well then you should look deeper into my comment history and you will find that i 'm both a libertarian and an anti-statist . 
  what i see in serbia today is two former leaders of the neo-chetnik movement ( embodied in the serbian radical party ) in the highest positions of power . 
  this concerns me and that 's why i made that submission . 
  a video submission showing the new prime minister of serbia using poisonous nationalist warmongering rhetoric that caused so much pain and suffering in the last 100 + years . 
  as for operation storm , that was n't an event that happened in political , historical or moral vacuum . 
  it was a direct consequence of 5 + years of ethnic cleansing and genocide perpetrated by krajina serbs with the backing from belgrade . 
  it was a result of rejection of the plan z-4 ( which would have granted krajina serbs a defacto autonomous country within croatia ) by krajina serb leadership . 
  now , did storm result in defacto expulsion of serb population ? 
  undoubtedly . 
  no one 's arguing that . 
  it 's a human tragedy of massive proportions . 
  the human tragedy that is shared by those who were violently expelled or murdered by krajina serb armed forces before that . 
  i wish i had the power to erase everything that has happened , but i do n't . 
  what i can do however is point out the true culprits , and the true reason behind the conflict , which is collectivist statism . 
  it is this idea that people should be treated as groups , judged based on the actions of the group , suffer as groups , derive their identity and reason for action from belonging to a group , and ultimately be sacrificed for the benefit of the group . 
  here 's some cold hard truth for you friend - krajina serbs were sacrificed by belgrade in order to ensure the gains created by republic of srpska in b&h . it was a cold , calculated move , motivated by twisted collectivist logic . 
  `` the good of the many outweighs the good of the few '' . 
  i 'll just put two quotes here :  `` war is the health of the state '' -- randolph bourne  `` war makes monsters of us all '' -- g.r.r. 
  martin why is war the health of the state ? 
  well , because war strengthens and emboldens the state in ways that are not possible without war . 
  in war , `` patriotism '' i.e. 
  reverence of the state flourishes , leadership decisions are not questioned , population is galvanized against a `` common enemy '' , the institutions of the state are free to tighten their grip on the productive output of its population through increased taxation and regulation , plights of the common people can be safely ignored in the name of `` national unity '' or `` national security '' and ideally , borders are not changed or they are extended . 
  i trust the second quote is self-explanatory . 
  unfortunately , you seem to be heavily entangled in the propaganda of the state , in this case the serbian state which seeks to shift your anger from itself and instead deflect it towards `` the enemy '' . 
  in reality , the responsible party for these war crimes and atrocities , in a wider sense , are not some fringe `` neo-ustashe '' , `` neo-chetniks '' , `` mujaheddin '' or whatever fairy tale monsters you want to blame , it falls squarely at the feet of the state , first the yugoslav state , then it 's successor states . 
  of course , politicians are the priests of the state , so they are absolutely responsible as well , but it 's this stubborn reverence of the state itself that is the core cause of all the misery in the balkans and around the world .
