  all inhabitants of bosnia are bosnians , all inhabitants of herzegovina are herzegovinians . 
  but as far as ethnic groups go , there are three dominant ones - serbs , croats and bosniaks , who used to go simply by `` muslims '' . 
  the reason for this is that the territory we know today as bosnia & herzegovina was historically inhabited by croats and serbs , at least since the last great migrations in the 7th century , and until the 15th century , the territory was pretty evenly split between these two ethnic groups - serbs in the east , croats in the west . 
  there were medieval independent bosnian kingdoms , but the rulers were descended from croatian and serbian bloodlines . 
  the most shocking event in history of the region was the ottoman invasion which first pushed serbs westward en-masse , and then succeeded in converting some of those serbs and croats to islam . 
  after the ottomans left ( some 4 centuries later ) you were left with an unusually mixed ethnic composition ( since many of these communities were essentially refugees that just resettled wherever they could , which was sometimes even encouraged , like in croatia where the austrian empire resettled exiled serbs in a kind of a military frontier designed to defend from ottoman incursions ) . 
  the serbs & croats who converted to islam lacked a coherent national identity and yet many felt themselves apart from their christian brethren . 
  some called themselves serbs , some called themselves croats , but most simply called themselves `` turks '' , which was a name of convenience since they did n't share anything with actual turks except their religion and some imported cultural norms . 
  thus , they went by `` muslims by nationality '' for the larger part of the 20th century , until , during 1990s they chose to ( controversially ) call themselves bosniaks . 
  for the uninformed this may create some confusion because it would imply that bosnians and bosniaks is a synonym . 
  and indeed , a few hundred years ago it was , but now it is n't because modern bosniaks have no greater claim to bosnia than either serbs or croats . 
  they are all indigenous to the region . 
  surprisingly - no . 
  vegeta brand is owned by podravka , a croatian food company established in 1934 . 
  my home city , glad you liked it  and you 're right , it really does have a special soul , i 've heard many foreigners say that it 's probably the best city to live and raise a family they visited ... 
  it 's big but very safe , vibrant but relaxed , cultured but not decadent , ancient but modern ... 
  here , [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/xsz49mzcvg0 ) is my favorite video which really shows it as it is , and maybe manages to capture some of that soul ... 
  sure , and in croatian `` pravo '' is `` the law '' and `` pravda '' is justice . 
  but in russian `` pravda '' is `` the truth '' ... 
  so you know , i guess the root of the word , `` prav '' is really from ancient slavic dialects , used to describe something good , proper , just , correct , etc. 
  there are numerous examples of such ancient slavic roots in all modern slavic languages which , on some level makes communication harder because the exact same words have very different meanings . 
  off the top of my head - `` mir '' is peace or rest in croatian , but although it can be used in that sense in russian too , it also translates to `` the world '' , which is completely foreign to croatian . 
  on the other hand in croatian `` svemir '' ( all-mir ) is the word for `` universe '' , which i guess would translate to `` all-world '' in slavic root ... 
  `` pravo '' has multiple meanings , but when used as the word for `` straight on '' it 's characteristic of the more eastern dialects , most croatians would use `` ravno '' instead . 
  as for the multiple meanings , depending on the context `` pravo '' can mean : - real ( opposed to false ) - the right one - the law - political/human right ( s ) - straight on - being correct - etc. 
  come to think of it , no wonder foreigners find the language impossible to learn ... 
  i 've heard that russians can supposedly understand spoken croatian very well , to the point of not needing translation , but the reverse is almost impossible . 
  the russian pronunciation is so ridiculous it 's hard to understand anything , but on the other hand , written russian ( especially when written in latin alphabet with proper croatian diacritics in place of russian ) is almost completely intelligible to croatian speakers ... go figure . 
  one has to wonder if some kind of common slavic language could be reconstructed if there was enough motivation . 
   seriously though , croatia plz come back , we 'll get everyone from the old empire together and relive the good old days . 
  remember when we went to war with russia ? 
  was n't it fun ? 
  was n't it ? 
  was n't it fun ? 
  please come home ... um ... 
  i think i need an adult . 
  well , we 'll see but i do n't think got has that kind of staying power . 
  nothing really compares to star wars , they 're their own universe . 
  for example how many `` expanded universe '' books , comics , tv shows etc. 
  have you seen from got ? 
  star wars has hundreds , as well as dozens of toy lines , video games , theme park rides , etc. , etc. ... nah , game of thrones is big right now , and certainly has an impact on tourism , but i expect in 10 years it will be at current harry potter level of fandom at best . 
  yeah , dubrovnik maybe got a 5 % rise that can be attributed to got , but nothing that remarkable . 
  one has to remember that croatian tourism is pretty robust already as it is . 
  however , i can personally confirm that one particular tv show did have a massive effect - a reality show in south korea where some of their famous older actresses traveled to croatia ( as a relatively unknown destination for koreans ) and were amazed at what they saw and experienced . 
  the show was very popular and this really boosted croatia 's profile in s.korea so now we get around 100 000 tourists from there every year , whereas a few years ago we probably did n't get even 500 . 
  i see koreans strolling around zagreb almost every day which was really weird at first , but they really are perfect guests . 
  so polite , respectful and interested in culture in history . 
  i wish more tourists were like them . 
  i just seems ridiculous not to have a word for the land of czechs without the `` republic '' thrown in . 
  czech language has a word for it ( \u010cesko ) , other slavic languages have a word for it , and this is the english word for it , as prescribed by czechs themselves . 
  it 's not the most natural sounding word , granted , but hell , i 'd rather have one than not . 
  czechia it is . 
  nope . 
  what i 'm saying is you 're trying to defend the indefensible . 
  so what if statistics were doctored ? 
  the truth of communist repression and disastrous economic policies was so blatantly obvious that any further discussion on the details of statistics gathering is meaningless . 
  like they say , the proof is in the pudding , and in this case the proof is in the fact that people risked their their life and liberty ( and those of their family ) to escape that system . 
  it 's completely incomprehensible to me that anyone can even try and argue that this system was n't the absolutely worst thing that could have happened to eastern europe in the 20th century . 
  you 're saying people are trying to `` spin a story '' . 
  which story is that exactly ? 
  and that 's why you simply need to compare the average lifestyle of the average citizen of `` the west '' to the average lifestyle of the average citizen of `` the east '' to realize the immense disparity which communism created or at least perpetuated in the less developed countries . 
  where once these lifestyles were pretty much identical ( like austria and the czechia ) , after 50 years of communism it became painfully obvious that `` the east '' was not only stagnating but even regressing . 
  the fact that the communist system had to build walls and fences to keep people in tells you everything you need to know really . 
  whenever possible , people vote with their feet . 
  first two episodes are ok as an overview of how the everything started , but the rest are shit in comparison . 
  they are also very patronizing in a very and lack context and exposition thus making them pretty much worthless if you 're really interested in the topic . 
  historically - hungarians and the turks . 
  we 're friendly now or at least do n't have any strong feelings one way or the other . 
  in modern times - definitely the serbs , starting with 1918 , and especially after 1990 . 
  strong feelings of animosity still present , 20 years since the last conflict . 
  me too thanks, 
  the `` rise of the extreme right in croatia '' is so overblown in the media it 's not even funny any more . 
  i 'm beginning to wonder if it 's some kind of a demoralization/negative propaganda campaign . 
  seriously , the extreme right in croatia are a fucking joke compared to almost every other country in europe . 
  we have way too much of a leftist mentality for that to ever become an issue . 
  even the nationalist right is leftist on economics and pretty much everything else except patriotic chest thumping . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  but in any case , comparing croatia to hungary in terms of `` radicalization '' is ludicrous . 
  you 'd have to have a strong populist personality like orban first . 
  there 's no one like that in croatia , by a a long shot . 
  that 's really strange cause many croats living close to slovenian border ( zagreb included ) can understand at least some slovenian , and a good percentage understand it quite well ( even if they ca n't speak it ) . 
  i myself understand it perfectly and i can read and to a lesser degree speak and write . 
  i find it really weird that you do n't understand anything at all considering how much cultural exchange and influence we exert on each other . 
  almost every slovene i ever met could at least understand me and many can speak perfectly adequate ( if somewhat broken ) croatian . 
  i did n't say that they are all mutually intelligible . 
  i said they are very similar . 
  some are mutually intelligible . 
  this is because languages do n't exist in vacuum , disconnected from one another , they are rather parts of so called dialect continuums . 
  a dialect continuum is a range of dialects spoken across a large geographical area , differing only slightly between areas that are geographically close to each other , and gradually decreasing in mutual intelligibility as the distances become greater . 
  south slavic languages form such a continuum , as do west slavic and east slavic , as well as scandinavian , germanic , turkic etc. 
  standard languages are simply dialects chosen for one reason or another to serve as the official language of a state . 
  if we want to be perfectly precise , croats speak at least 3 distinct languages ( kajkavian , cakavian and shtokavian ) , and serbs speak at least 2 ( shtokavian and torlakian ) . 
  the fact that shtokavian was chosen as the basis for both standard croatian and standard serbian is precisely because both nations share it . 
  this was obviously a way of promoting unity at a time when such political action was desirable . 
  it does n't however mean that the languages are identical , because even shtokavian has a western and an eastern variant , always has , even when it was called `` serbo-croatian '' . 
  even if they were 100 % identical that would have absolutely no bearing on cultural identity whatsoever . 
  even in anglophone world there are significant cultural differences between for example the english and the scottish . 
  and unlike those two nations , the language was never imposed by serbs on the croats or vice versa . 
  they simply evolved side by side over a millenia from old church slavonic precursor . 
  as for the different cultures it 's mostly down to being on the opposite sides of significant borders and divides ( religious , cultural and political ) for hundreds of years .
