  and here i was thinking it was a free trade association . 
  and how does that large company intend to fight the change ? 
  by petitioning the government to use its monopolistic grip to destroy free market competition/outlaw dissent/provide subsidies/etc . 
  that 's not capitalism , that 's fascism aka corporatism . 
  if you intend to throw your puerile `` analysis '' around , at least learn to use the correct definitions . 
  the legendary founding of rome was on april 21st 753 bc . 
  as opposed to any other type of democracy ? 
  well , 1992 was not exactly a good year for bosnia . 
  and probably the most likely to enforce [ jingoist ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jingoism ) attitudes and policies . 
  let 's not pretend that this does n't exist . 
  but there are no separatist movements in slavonia , dalmatia or istria , as opposed to kosovo and vojvodina . 
   after moldova joins the eu ( which might take another 10 years or so ) . 
  this seems extremely unlikely . 
  moldova is nowhere near even candidate status let alone joining . 
  i fully expect it will take at least 10 years for serbia to join ( and they will start negotiations this year ) , and moldova is so far behind serbia it 's not even a fair comparison . 
  if moldova ever joins on its own it will probably be in 30 years or more . 
  not really . 
  the sitting government did n't want to extradite him and tried to retroactively change the agreement with the eu . 
  why ? 
  well , let 's just say that croatia never initiated lustration of former communist functionaries ( like for example poland ) , and so a lot of these bastards stayed in power in the intelligence community , the various parties , military , etc. 
  the current government is social-democratic ( reformed communists ) , and they are certainly very scared of what perkovic might reveal if he were extradited to germany . 
  the prime minister milanovic fought tooth and nail to prevent the extradition ( to much public protest ) , but since he was n't able to amend the constitution and all his other maneuvers failed , there 's no recourse left but to follow the letter of the law , which will probably end in extradition . 
  the general public was never in favor of defying the german arrest warrant and eu law , and the prime minister was criticized heavily on this issue by the press . 
  this article glosses over the fact that this `` yugoslav dissident '' was also a croat . 
  in fact , perkovic was representing the yugoslav communist secret service ( udba ) , hunting and murdering croatian dissidents ( who agitated for free and independent croatia ) at the time . 
  he was influential enough to become a highly ranked member of the croatian intelligence service after independence , shielding him from any prosecution that would have surely followed in croatia . 
  you may want to go back to my original comment and read it again . 
  i specifically started it with `` if this is true then '' . 
  so , would you agree with me that if this is true , romania would have to face consequences ? 
  by the way , if it were up to me croatia would have never joined the fucking eu , in fact i voted against it in the accession referendum . 
  i 'm not even going to dignify that with an answer you chauvinist scumbag , have a downvote instead . 
   coming from a croatian , it 's even more annoying . 
  oh really , and why is that ? 
  if what op is implying is correct then it would seem like a perfectly justified position . 
  do i sense a hint of chauvinism in your words ? 
  what does the flag next to my username have to do with the validity of my opinions and arguments ? 
  oh i 'm quite aware that moldova was a part of romania until it was annexed by the soviets , but i 'm also quite aware that it 's an independent and sovereign country now and that unilateral annexation on the part of romania would be an act of war by any existing definition under international law . 
  if it 's true i find it quite disturbing . 
  you ca n't just annex a sovereign country without some kind of democratic process in both countries . 
  if this were to happen , romania should be kicked from the eu . 
  so please stop being a smartass , kthxbai . 
  well , who 's stopping you ? 
  i mean , if it would make you happy , go wild . 
  in fact , next time you need something in dutch translated , maybe you could ask the resident germans , since dutch is just a part of the german-dutch dialectic continuum too . 
  no , but it offends me that non-linguists think it 's ok to call it serbo-croatian . 
  leave linguistic debates to linguists or those interested in linguistics , and instead use the official language names when referring to official languages , and everything will be fine . 
  do you feel the need to point this out for every other dialectical continuum , like the ones i mentioned ? 
  if you do n't , why not ? 
  top lel , best trole . 
  yes , the term offends me , and i can guarantee that it offends at least 90 % of my compatriots , so if you want to keep offending us , keep using it . 
  if you know it 's controversial , why do you keep using the term ? 
  you could have asked if someone understood croatian , and if a serbian redditor happened to see it , believe me , he would neither be offended , nor would he think that you needed to explain yourself . 
  so really what is the point of writing it then ? 
  come on over to zagreb , stand on the main square and try yelling that , see what happens . 
  my guess is you would get your ass beaten within 15 minutes . 
  the point is that no croat would ever say he speaks anything except croatian language . 
  in fact , even in yugoslavia , it was n't called serbo-croatian , it was called serbian or croatian ( srpski ili hrvatski ) . 
  as someone who went to school in yugoslavia , the difference was clear and always present . 
  for example , when i wrote my homework i could not mix the two , or i would get a lower grade . 
  the teachers would usually say `` you can write in croatian or in serbian but not in both , choose one '' . 
  there is absolutely no debate that these languages were always equal but separate , and this tendency to group them together into some frankenstein `` serbo-croatian '' is irritating to say the least . 
  yes they are similar , yes they are mutually intelligible , yes they are a part of the same dialect continuum , but no , they are not the same language no more than danish and norwegian bokmal are the same language . 
  the vocabularies are vastly different , the local dialects are mutually unintelligible ( chakavian and torlakian for example ) , the grammar was always different and has been drifting further apart in the last 25 years , the literary tradition is vastly different , croatian never widely used cyrillic script , etc. 
  only someone very arrogant , who knows absolutely nothing about these languages could categorically claim that it 's the same language . 
  as far as i know , no country in europe or anywhere else identifies their language as `` serbo-croatian '' . 
  i do n't know why some people insist on provoking the rage of the balkan redditors by using that term , when it 's clearly loaded and unwanted . 
  why do n't you ever use the term dano-norwegian , or czecho-slovakian , or bulgaro-macedonian ? 
  in realistic terms , there are only two major economic camps any political party can belong to these days - capitalist/free market or socialist . 
  i mean , i 'm sure there are some monarcho/feudalist parties out there but i really do n't think anyone is asking for their opinions on economic matters . 
  so if a party is n't pro free markets , then the only realistic alternative is socialist , whether they admit it or not . 
  you 'll usually hear populist crap from these parties without any real theoretical substance , but once they get in power they mostly start implementing socialist economic policies . 
  that does n't mean that they necessarily believe in full socialist paradigm , but i 'm sure that china does n't view itself as capitalist while implementing clearly free market policies either . 
   socialism means workers ownership of the means of production in the economic level ( ffs , wikipedia article , first sentence ) . 
  that 's a lie , because the first paragraph of the wikipedia article says , and i quote :  socialism is an economic system characterised by social ownership of the means of production and co-operative management of the economy . 
  [ 1 ] `` social ownership '' may refer to cooperative enterprises , common ownership , state ownership , citizen ownership of equity , or any combination of these . 
  [ 2 ] there are many varieties of socialism and there is no single definition encapsulating all of them . 
  [ 3 ] they differ in the type of social ownership they advocate , the degree to which they rely on markets or planning , how management is to be organised within productive institutions , and the role of the state in constructing socialism . 
  [ 4 ] so , in the definition of socialism i was referring to europe is fully socialist because all major parties promote heavy market regulation ( controlled markets ) , state ownership of key industries , welfare state , etc. 
  socialism is an economic theory , not just a political movement . 
  you can have fully socialist economic policies without having a fully socialist state . 
  i ca n't really think of any major laissez faire classical liberal/libertarian parties anywhere in europe . 
  seems that europe has gone full socialism a long time ago . 
  budapest is bigger ( actually around 2x larger than zagreb ) and more historically `` grand '' ( being one of centers of an empire ) , with more to see , but zagreb is charming in its own way . 
  if you 'll be there for just one day then it does n't matter because either way you wo n't be able to enjoy everything these cities have to offer , so it should come down to your own personal preference . 
  if you 'll be there for longer , then the extra day is probably better spent in budapest , unless you 'd like to visit some of numerous historic castles around zagreb ( i 'd recommend the beautiful trakoscan for a one day visit ) . 
  i suggest looking up some tour guides on both cities and then deciding . 
  you should n't be forced into it in the first place . 
  many people wo n't even know they can `` opt out '' , and consequently , many uk based sites ( and probably a few outside that rely on uk traffic ) will start changing their content to avoid getting blocked by the filter . 
  this will result in a kind of auto-censorship instigated by state actions . 
  let 's not pussyfoot around this , this is a blatant attack on freedom of speech and state sanctioned censorship of the highest order . 
  [ what . 
  the . 
  it can be referred to constitutional court for review by pretty much anybody ( from the president to human rights groups ) , but it 's not automatic . 
  in fact , some groups did ask the court to review this latest referendum question before it was held and the court determined that it 's not unconstitutional so the referendum was able to proceed . 
  on the other hand , since a referendum can override the parliament in pretty much everything , it 's theoretically possible to hold a referendum that would change the constitution on pretty much anything , including human rights issues . 
  it 's democracy , baby !, 
  incidentally , this is also why democracy is the absolutely last thing liberty minded individuals should call for or praise . 
  is tyranny any less horrific if it 's perpetrated by a majority as opposed to an autocrat ? 
  at least with an autocrat you know who to blame . 
  all you really need is 10 % of the voters signing a petition ( and having those signatures verified ofc ) to force the government to hold a referendum .
