  there is overlap in the mathematical part , sure , but everything else ... 
  i just do n't think hawking can competently speak about economics beyond standard layman level . 
  and the essence of leadership is n't `` knowing a bit of everything '' or `` being neutral '' , it 's knowing when you do n't know and being able to defer to those who do know and delegate . 
  i feel that what hawking and other intellectuals not in the field of economics are doing is demeaning to the science of economics , and makes it seem like everything that has been achieved in that field is trivial and open to individual interpretation , when in reality the close connection of economics and politics means that economists get all the flak for bad political decisions , but get no credit for good economic decisions , which instead goes to the politicans . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't situation . 
  the fact that any tom , dick and harry can have a `` relevant '' opinion on economics ( like politics ) does n't help either . 
  imagine if we treated physics or mathematics the same way . 
  `` well i think that 1 +1 is n't 2 , here 's some obscure `` evidence '' , also i feel very strongly about it so do n't oppress me with your logic '' . 
  come on . 
  yes , but they 're still a ** lay ** person . 
  their expertise in other fields does n't make them any more competent than any other layman in the field of economics . 
  apply the same dose of healthy skepticism to what hawking says about economics just as you would to any other lay opinion by anyone else . 
  all too often these intellectuals pretend that their very respectable expertise in their own fields somehow translates to expertise in other , unrelated fields of science . 
  it does n't . 
  physics is one thing , economics is something entirely different . 
  aside from some fundamental mathematics , there 's really nothing else that connects these fields at all . 
  exactly . 
  you would n't be taking astrophysics advice from a world renowned economist , so why would the reverse be any different ? 
  yes , clearly , it 's all an international conspiracy against serbia . 
  over 1000 islands . 
  that 's a lot of coast . 
  his punches have the power of kicks !, 
  [ ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ] ( https://youtu.be/qxnee_1fmo4 ), 
  it really has n't . 
  most of it is just as fucked up as it ever was , maybe more . 
  there 's just this huge weight of history that 's never going to go away , and it poisons everything . 
  communities and countries that are relatively ethnically homogenous , like slovenia and croatia have a positive outlook , others not so much . 
  i do n't think eu membership is going to change anything in that respect , only massive increase in economic prosperity could do that , and it wo n't happen because the corruptive elements thrive exactly on pitting ethnic groups against each other , that 's the secret of long political relevance for any politician here . 
  the article is total bullshit , and a part of a recent coordinated serbian media push to camouflage what 's going in in republic of srpska right now ( a rather insignificant referendum apart from the fact that it was expressly declared as unconstitutional by b&h constitutional court , which could lead to trouble if serbs insist on holding it anyway ) . 
  make a big fuss about others , so the world does n't see what you 're doing . 
  one of the oldest tricks in the book . 
  no worries , the article is total bullshit . 
  the point of a debate is n't to convince your opponent of your views , but rather to present the best possible argument for your position and let the audience decide which arguments they find most convincing . 
  they may find both convincing , or neither . 
  the fact is , when you can only use words to defend your opinions , you 'll often find yourself refining them , or finding flaws in them and consequently abondoning them . 
  therefore , a debate is n't just for the benefit of the audience , but the debaters as well , since it forces them to constantly reexamine and adjust their own positions . 
  that 's why a good culture of debate is essential for a free , democratic society . 
  no , that 's not `` life and everybody moves on '' . 
  that 's the exact thing that prevents people in b&h from moving on . 
  constant reminders & provocations , especially on state level , constant feeling of uncertainty and incompetence , and powerlessness . 
  the only way to break this deadlock is to stop living in the past , and that 's impossible when you have cretins like [ dodik ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milorad_dodik ) constantly reminding them that there can be no peace as long as people like him have any say about anything . 
  i do have christmas off , and religious minorities have their holidays off . 
  that 's not the issue . 
  religious holidays are n't an issue . 
  the fact that this rs state holiday falls on 9th of january which happens to be st stephen day is not the issue . 
  the issue is the origin of the holiday ( proclamation of `` republic of serbian bosnia & herzegovina '' 4 months before the actual war started in bosnia & herzegovina and actual bosnia & herzegovina was still a defacto state within yugoslavia ) , and the fact that it 's intentionally celebrated as both a state & religious holiday with masses , blessings , priests & everything else . 
  it ca n't and wo n't ever be accepted by bosniak & croat minorities in rs because it symbolizes the origin of the insanity that followed , and intentionally excludes them by making it an orthodox holiday as well . 
  or maybe you think muslims & catholics should celebrate the start of their 3 year golgotha draped in the colors of a foreign religion ? 
  i edited it 30 seconds after i posted because , unlike you , i 'm not here to pick fights or insult anyone , but you 're doing a pretty good job of that yourself , you need no help from me . 
  i understand you like to pretend you 're intellectually challenged so let me break this down for you - you can have state holidays and you can have religious holidays . 
  a state can observe both types . 
  the citizens are not obligated to observe either . 
  for example , in majority christian states , christmas is usually a holiday . 
  it 's not a state holiday , it ' a religous holiday . 
  still , you get a day off , unless you do n't want it . 
  on the other hand , muslims living in those states have no obligation to observe christmas , and in fact , religious minorities are accomodated by having a right to work-free days on their own religious holidays . 
  so while religious holidays are n't all-inclusive ( even though they can be observed by the majority ) , state holidays are all-inclusive ( since they pertain to the state , not a specific religion ) . 
  you can still choose not to observe them , i.e. 
  to work on that day , but when a state holiday is exclusive to one ethnic group based on their religion , like the supposed state holiday in rs , then you 're discriminating against all other citizens of that state . 
  on this subject - yes . 
  this is n't a religious holiday however , this is a state holiday , and as such should be secular . 
  it is a holiday to commemorate the `` founding '' of republic of srpska , which has specifically been chosen to coincide with the orthodox holiday of st. stefan so the `` krsna [ slava ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slava ) '' of the state would also be st. stefan , connecting the state to the religion , as is customary in orthodox tradition . 
  however , republic of srpska is not an exclusively serbian state , far from it , in fact it 's only about 80 % serb according to the latest census . 
  right . 
  the difference is in croatia these are acts of the complete fringe characters who have no ties whatsoever to mainstream politics , and in serbia it 's coming from the prime minister and president and the foreign affairs minister . 
  so there is no equivalency , and even suggesting it is offensive . 
  the other part of your reply i wo n't even comment , i think there 's nothing to say , except that ww1 and ww2 also lasted `` only '' 4 years in these parts , and they happened over 70 years ago , yet you 're still talking about them , and in fact , crimes from the quisling croatian state in that war are still put forward as justification for what happened 25 years ago in croatia and to croats by the serbs even today . 
  you did n't even know we had spies in serbia until yesterday , how in the world would you know what our plans are in the eventuality of b&h breakup ? 
  you know even less about serbia 's plans . 
  and while i agree there 's a lot at risk , i do n't agree there 's nothing to gain . 
  what we want more than anything is permanent stability & an end to the threat of war . 
  unfortunately , b&h moves farther and farther away from that stability as years pass . 
  it 's foolish to believe we could just wash our hands and ignore the conflict if it happens there , because ignoring the plea of 550 000 croats in b&h in the event of another war would most certainly catapult those `` far-right nutjobs '' in croatia to political relevance overnight . 
  lol , what a transparent attempt at derailing the conversation . 
  you want to know why we in croatia are angry and scared at what 's happening in rs and serbia ? 
  because the same people that were destroying our country or were very close to the people destroying it in 1990s are now in power again in your country . 
  nothing more and nothing less . 
  we would be complete and utter idiots if we decided to ignore it , especially with the kind of rhetoric that 's coming from serbia right now , which is almost a carbon copy of the rhetoric from the 90s . 
  yes , we may occasionally overreact , but that 's understandable under the circumstances . 
  on the other hand , you have dodik who is actively working on destabilizing b&h and that will mean war , whether we like it or not . 
  so tell me , how should we be reacting to all this , in your opinion ? 
  vu\u010di\u0107 was a member of seselj 's radical party as recently as 2008 , and nikolic made a statement about vukovar being a serbian city where croats should n't return as late as 2012 , when he was already the president of serbia . 
  i should have specified , `` from the croatian side '' . 
  in fact , now that i think about it , those cities did n't suffer attacks from the croatians in ww2 either . 
  in fact , one could argue that serbia proper never suffered any attacks from croatians , if wwi is n't taken into account ( seen as croatian soldiers acted under austro-hungarian direction in that war ) . 
  hardly . 
  it 's a 100 page decision . 
  the gist of it , however , is that the holiday is discriminatory not because it falls on some specific orthodox holiday , but because it was originally proclaimed by rebel serbs in opposition to bosniaks and croats and since rs is n't exclusively serbian ( or at all really , it 's an integral part of b&h ) , you ca n't have state holidays that specifically exclude or are opposed to bosniak and croatian citizens of rs & b&h . more specifically , the holiday is represented as a `` slava '' of rs , a very specifically serb orthodox notion , highly religious in nature and by that virtue alone discriminatory towards non-serborthodox citizens of rs & b&h . 
  you would have to read the supreme court decision for an explanation . 
  i suggest you do that . 
  no it 's not , do n't lie . 
  it 's about rs leadership disregarding decisions of the supreme court of b&h and creating political instability and uncertainty . 
  it 's not paranoia if it 's true . 
  we 're just reacting to things that are actually happening , not things that have no indication of happening but we 're so paranoid we think they are or will . 
  dodik has called for secession many times so that 's definitely his political agenda . 
  croatia ca n't allow that since it 's one of the signatories of the dayton agreement that explicitly forbids it . 
  so that 's a path to war . 
  will dodik push it ? 
  he should know the consequences if he does . 
  so was `` republic of serbian krajina '' after ethnic cleansing perpetrated by serbs in 1991-1993 , and where is it now ?
