  croatia and romania are best examples of eu countries that respect other minorities , and we have chosen to follow their footsteps . 
  take a trip to those regions and ask those people if they are romanian . 
  you would be surprised . 
  you guys had an ama from a vlach guy living in serbia , he explains you everything and yet most of you choose not to believe it . 
  what do you want from serbian government to do ? 
  what more can be done ? 
   ethnic cleansing just wow ... i cant even . 
  vlachs were always on our side in every war , there was never persecution of them in entire history of serbia . 
  they have every right to call themselves what they choose , speak whatever language they want . 
  what right our government have to tell them they are wrong ? 
   couple of years back in serbia you could give up any weapon to the police i remember that . 
  my dad took his grandfathers rusty old gun from second balkan war and asked if he could legalize it . 
  sadly he could n't . 
  i just hope it is in a museum somewhere now , and that it did n't finish in a furnace . 
  we are not giving our danube that easily either . 
  only her gradfather from fathers side is croatian , who most of his life lived in serbia . 
  un is christian organisation ? 
  is antonio guterres a pope or something like that ? 
  he was after all slovenian born in croatia . 
  his anti-fascism legacy should be respected . 
  why do n't american troops leave then and let syrian army control iraq-syria border ? 
  not for too long . 
  after isis is done in syria , they are next . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't believe the segregation thing . 
  it is used for political reasons in sarajevo to `` unite '' bosnia . 
  but it does not work . 
  thanks !, 
  lets hope we stay on the path . 
  wrong again . 
  they have good looking coats of arms after all . 
  like this they look like russian exclaves in eu . 
  yeah , lets make slovakia and slovenia even more confusing to non-europeans . 
  saa and sdf clash from time to time . 
  and giving that the area near rusefa was contested by both sides it was expected . 
  now the downing of the plane is a serious escalation , which americans does n't seem to care much about . 
  because of russia . 
  russia is everywhere !, 
  sure we did . 
  i mean our countries have good relations , although i do n't remember when was the last time our presidents met each other . 
  fyrom is no longer an obstacle between us , and i think bulgarian minority is doing fine here . 
  i mean the ones that are still left here , because i guess it is easy for them to take eu passport and just leave our poorly developed south-eastern part of the country . 
  haha . . might be true . 
  you guys forgot it and moved on right ? 
  right ? 
  is that why you always backstab and pick fights with us ? 
  this year , i promise !, 
  we had those ` technocrats prime ministers ' before , when tadi\u0107 was el presidente . 
  we are doing everything to stay neutral , but it 's getting harder and harder nowadays . 
  no matter how irrelevant we are , everyone wants something from us . 
  we gave nato servicemen immunity from persecution on our soil , now the russians want it too , [ and it makes us concerned ] ( http://www.b92.net/eng/news/world.php?yyyy=2017&amp;mm=06&amp;dd=15&amp;nav_id=101553 ) . 
  we are fucked four ways . 
  two chairs you say . 
  have you heard of our [ `` four pillars diplomacy '' ] ( http://www.b92.net/eng/news/politics.php?yyyy=2009&amp;mm=08&amp;dd=30&amp;nav_id=61454 ) ? 
  it includes eu , us , russia and china . 
  he was a president , what else he could do except give away medals and make rakija . . 
   elected president has to leave their party toma did exactly that , and now he is out of politics . 
  vucic is not making the same mistake . 
  she did well as a minister of public administration . 
  even opposition agrees that she was a best pick for a prime minister . 
  why i have a feeling that mr. mccain is gon na visit us soon ? 
  hmm ... i wonder if italy has recognised kosovo . . oh it is ?!? 
  long live republics of lombardy and veneto then !!, 
  it 's like europe supporting gary johnson or jill stein in us elections and crying why they do n't have access to cnn , fox news or any other major media . 
  lucky bastards . 
  i really wonder how gdp for montenegro and croatia would look like without tourism . 
  yeah but it 's still better than eating meat all the time . 
  meat and fish should make around 10 % , vegetables 15-25 % , milk and dairy products 10 % and fruits 10-15 % . 
  i liked the poem , it 's very powerful !, 
   grain-based food grain-based food should make a 55 % of daily food intake , so you 're good . 
  yes , it is considered europe !, 
  how is the language in bosnia `` artificially '' brought together to either serbian or croatian ? 
  no the ngos work for them , spreading the multiculturalism and acceptance of other religions such as wahhabism . 
  yeah , i also think there must be some primeval forests in scandinavia , alps or pyrenees . 
  it 's not the last one . 
  there is one in montenegro and bosnia called [ perucica ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peru%c4%87ica ) . 
  it 's very well protected . 
  wildfire burns like hell , i 'll tell you . 
   ms johnson also said that commissariat officials wore gloves throughout the operation and were seen to be frequently washing their hands after contact with refugees in a nearby fountain . 
  can you blame them for this ? 
   it was just like an invasion of privacy and a total disregard of their dignity , '' a volunteer doctor said . 
  stupid article and useless ngos, 
  poor guy lost his job . 
  shows the impact of automation on employment . 
  is it accurate ? 
   the word here is that serbia backed up by russia is trying to keep the region destabilized by providing weapons and instigating ethnic tensions to prevent macedonia from joining nato and the eu . 
  i mean , this is bullshit and makes no sense . 
  what serbia has to gain from destabilizing macedonia ? 
  great albania ? 
  well that 's what we are strongly against of , and will do everything to prevent it from happening . 
  so sovereign macedonia is what serbia wants . 
  do i need to remind you that serbia has already opened 8 chapters and closed 2 with the eu , why would we be against macedonian accession then ? 
  russia might be against them joining nato , but that 's not something serbia care too much , other countries in region joined nato already and why would that be problem for macedonia . 
  the only thing serbia had with fyrom recently was them voting for kosovo in unesco , and it looks like they will be neutral in the next voting process . 
  so everything is fine . 
  our church does n't recognize their church , but both countries are secular and it does n't influence the relations between the two . 
  i hope this is just your silly opinion , and not something people in bulgaria think . 
  hagia sofia is one of the most sacred churches for all the orthodox christians . 
  [ our biggest church here in belgrade is modeled after hagia sofia . 
  they deserve autonomy within syria .
