  he is a muslim from ethiopia !, 
   serbians yeah the tesla part was slightly odd . 
  you do n't need to know cyrillic and you can still live in serbia . 
  eventually you will learn it , because you cant avoid it , and it is so easy if you already know the language . 
  yeah actually `` secan/secko '' is january . 
  it was the time of the year when you get out and cut wood . 
  nah . . you just kept the old words i guess . 
  in croatia and other slavic nations old word is `` secan '' , which literally means `` cut '' . 
  well , cyrillic is used in official government documents and you fill them in cyrillic . 
  you cant just mix two alphabets . 
   you might prefer latin , but legal forms must be written in cyrillic . 
  example is when getting married here you have to sign your name in cyrillic . 
  cyrillic alphabet is first alphabet to learn in first grade , later come latin . 
  not knowing either of the two , makes you illiterate . 
  edit : in serbia ofc . 
  those do not exist . 
  both are learned in first grade . 
  official by the state constitution maybe , but serbian language itself uses two equal alphabets making it the only european standard language with complete synchronic digraphia . 
  although serbian language authorities have recognized the official status of both scripts in contemporary standard serbian for more than half of a century now , due to historical reasons , the cyrillic script was made the official script of serbia 's administration by the 2006 constitution . 
  [ 24 ] ** however , the law does not regulate scripts in standard language , or standard language itself by any means , leaving the choice of script as a matter of personal preference and to the free will in all aspects of life ( publishing , media , trade and commerce , etc. 
  ) ** , except in government paperwork production and in official written communication with state officials , which have to be in cyrillic . 
  even in official government documents this constitutional requirement is rarely enforced . 
  serbian is a rare example of synchronic digraphia , a situation where all literate members of a society have two interchangeable writing systems available to them . 
  media and publishers typically select one alphabet or another . 
  for example , the public broadcaster , radio television of serbia , predominantly uses the cyrillic script whereas the privately run broadcasters , like rtv pink , predominantly use the latin script . 
  a survey from 2014 showed that 47 % of the serbian population favors the latin alphabet whereas 36 % favors the cyrillic one . 
   well , look at it this way - croatian is written in latinic alphabet , serbian in cyrillic alphabet . 
  serbian is written in both !, 
  latin and cyrillic are equal here . 
  there is 6 slavic countries in the eu , you know ? 
  the only thing ukraine can do is to wait . 
  never recognize crimea as part of russia , and do everything to get support of other powers in un . 
  well then stop reading tabloids . 
  looks like a city of krivi rih . 
  8th most populous city in ukraine . 
  i agree , it ends up to major eu countries to decide . 
  serbia has opened 6 and closed 1 chapter . 
  and is ready to open 10-15 chapters in 2017 . 
  its a slow but a steady process . 
  that 's what i call a fort !, 
  i hear you !, 
  finally something , you and i can agree !, 
  serbs were christianized by byzantines . 
  [ cyril and methodius ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saints_cyril_and_methodius ) were sent by a king . 
  it was before 1054 when great schism separated the church into western ( latin ) and eastern branch . 
  well , these guys did it , i think . 
  and they were sent by byzantine king . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saints_cyril_and_methodius it was before the great schism when it was one church . . 
  when schism happened we just chose the right side . 
  sorry , i 've mistaken him with lewandovski . 
  he is british in victory and scottish in defeat . 
  any other candidate will end up loosing the election to opposition . 
  either sasa jankovic or vuk jeremic . 
  he is a fascist troll . 
  the worst kind . 
   in all , 392 sites were documented . 
  60 percent of the sites ( 234 sites ) were inspected at first hand . 
  for 40 percent ( 158 sites ) the assessment is based on photographs and information obtained from other sources judged to be reliable  while it was not the aim of the mission to cover every site in these municipalities , in most of the municipalities surveyed the great majority of the islamic and catholic sites extant before the war were in fact documented by this survey . 
  coverage for the municipalities of banja luka , bijeljina , bratunac , sanski most , and zvornik is close to complete , and is nearly so for all but a handful of the other municipalities . 
  among the latter are the two sarajevo municipalities , and srebrenica and visegrad , where the most important damaged or destroyed monuments have been documented for this survey , but some others alleged to have been damaged could not be included due to lack of time or difficulties of access . 
  no , you are not reading it properly . 
  so its roughly that number . 
  nowhere near your numbers . 
  point me where the numbers are in that link . 
  i found this source where it say 250 mosques ( damaged , destroyed ) , 57 catholic churches ( damaged , destroyed ) . 
  which is a lot , but it was between year '92 and ' 96 , those riots in kosovo lasted 2 days . 
  http://archnet.org/system/publications/contents/3481/original/dpc1420.pdf?1384775281 so as always , you are exaggerating . 
  source ? 
  but they cant fly over other countries as they please . 
  naaah , i didnt said they are islamist . 
  i dont care even if they were . 
  the point is that how few lies can bring the whole serbian population in danger again , and the next time we could see serbian army jumping in ( or not ) . 
   there is no bill clinton to save them this time as long as there is albanian money for lobbying the administration , they are safe . 
  we have seen it before . 
  [ here is david hackworth destroying the albanian lobbyist shirley cloyes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhaaedcjs-o ), 
  i am pointing that your story is already in the link i posted in my comment , and that you calling me to stop with the `` propaganda '' only shows that you did n't even looked the article . 
  you fail to understand that , and yet i am the stupid one . 
  good for you if you are `` over it '' . 
  after all , this was n't about you . 
  you did n't loose anything in the riots , others did . 
  it was mentioned in the wiki article . 
  so either read it or dont comment . 
   un police spokesman neeraj singh said the surviving boy had been under intense pressure from ethnic albanian journalists who had suggested what he should say . 
  his version of events differed from that of two other children who had also been in the river , singh told a news conference in pristina . 
  the spokesperson said there were `` very significant '' inconsistencies in the accounts given by the child during two separate interviews , and a lack of corroboration of his story . 
  `` in fact , it is logically at odds in several respects with other evidence , '' mr. singh said . 
  [ 18 ] [ 19 ] the un found no evidence that serbs were responsible for the drowning the three albanian children . 
  if they havent sent army after 2004 pogroms , i dont think they ever will . 
  unless albanians do some really bad shit . 
  the thing is , they cant be trusted anymore . 
  [ 2004 unrest in kosovo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_unrest_in_kosovo ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybspn8fciqq edit : downvoting ? 
  why ? 
  you didnt liked the video ? 
  will it taste the same if i tell you its owned by serbian nectar ? 
  ok . rest , hydrate and take your vitamins . 
   renowned british scholar noel malcolm , the author of the book `` kosovo : a short history , '' in a 2003 interview for radio free europe stated that most of the myths about kosovo were created by serbian historians -- including amongst other things the idea that kosovo is the heart of serbia ; the center of the serbian orthodox church and culture . 
  but malcolm asserts that the cradle of serbia was raska , or western sandzak , and not kosovo . 
  laughable, 
  sure . 
  but it was just a train after all .
