  orion is a masterpiece !, 
  montenegro even went to war with japan because of russia . 
  it was one of the longest wars in history . 
  it ended in 2006 . 
  it was russian empire not the soviet union . 
  that he was a diplomatic maestro and deeply caring man ? 
  he is not moving anywhere . 
  he is safe and welcomed here . 
  these rad fc fans are bunch of skinheads idiots though . 
  if even samantha power said that he was a diplomatic maestro , then he really must have been an extraordinary man . 
  pisa testing was not conducted in serbia in 2015 due to incompetence of our government and ministry of education . 
  username checks out . 
  wtf are you talking ? 
  we both are pro-eu countries , one is neutral by constitution other is joining nato . 
  why there would be any problem between them ? 
  russia may not like the fact of any country joining nato , but it got nothing to do with serbia . 
  [ tdi radio top 40 ] ( http://www.tdiradio.com/site/emisije/top-40.html?fb_comment_id=10150749745079719_10153460114134719#f3cb7d1c6d38828 ), 
  i meant all of those countries , not just poland . 
  no point . 
  just checking . 
  so you are saying that all those orthodox churches were built by albanians who later converted ? 
  they were occupied by austria-hungary . 
  of course they have more in common with austria . 
  plus they all share the same religion . 
  serbia was also culturally influenced by vienna since her independence . 
  most of our famous people in history were educated in vienna or paris . 
   and there are n't even that many christians in prizren i wonder why . . 
  i do n't know what you are talking about . 
  our military industry was bombed , which is a legitimate target in any war . 
  i understand you see russians everywhere , but at least try to think before commenting . 
  there would have been peace even without nato . 
  no they did n't . 
  we had plenty of it . 
  sure not high tech stuff , but more than enough . 
  thats why nato bombed our military industry . 
  have you actually read his comment ? 
  civilians were not fleeing kosovo in those numbers before nato campaign . 
  also crimes happened for sure on both sides , the one about pristina stadium being turned into the concentration camp was fake news that was picked by all western media and later was an excuse to start intervention . 
  i guess they needed it because milosevic had leverage on the negotiating table due to kla was almost nonexistant , being beaten and expelled . 
  the war in kosovo was basically already over . 
  serbian ( yugoslav ) army expelled separatists forces from kosovo . 
  only after 3 month nato bombing campaign , serbian army retreated because it took so much toll on civilians and economy in the rest of the country . 
   i 'm sure the scandinavians learned the folding from someone else , who was even more before the japanese . 
  probably from middle east ( damascus steel ) , which is invented in india before . 
  happy birthday !, 
  good luck and try to keep up with us in basketball !, 
  can you tell me when was this , during the nato campaign or before ? 
  when refuges started fleeing kosovo `` en masse '' , during or before nato bombings ? 
  only when i write cyrillic . 
   distinct states distinct lands , not states . 
  anyway its a great song but i prefer boze pravde , too much mentioning of god in it but its ok . 
  it made sense 200 years ago . 
  today 's context of those words be about great serbia . 
  do n't see the point of mentioning of other independent states in a national anthem . 
  beautiful song though . 
  yeah we rest for two days , preparing for [ february 17 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_kosovo_declaration_of_independence ) . 
   your sister bosnia looks upon you and she does n't want any offend who does n't love , he does n't afraid of god who give you a lot of help  herzeg 's land ( -- herzegovina ) and black mount ( -- montenegro ) , faraway countries and sea islands they all want heavens help to you lyrics would be problem though . 
  always nice to see young billy red tits . 
  lol , about bajrakli mosque . 
  its an old mosque that for centuries stood where it is now . 
  its part of our history too , and burning it as a retaliation was stupid thing to do . 
  what idiots know . 
  they retaliated against their own cultural heritage . 
  good thing it is restored . 
  that orthodox church next to library is used as a public toilet by albanians . 
  sad !, 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpw9jwtmtms also it is used for this : https://youtu.be/yddx5mb9vig?t=1m17s, 
  yeah , and now they are in republic of srpska . 
  so what 's the problem ? 
  its still bosnia though . . 
  this one is reserved for us . 
  find some other clay to grab !, 
  this is just stupid . 
   when not even serbs themselves care about that seriously , how can you even say this ? 
  you are mixing yugoslav army in the homeland with nazi government in occupation . 
  dragoljub mihajlovic was not a fascist , he fought nazis and partisans too . 
  he wasnt a saint , neither were the partisans . 
  in 2012 dragoljub mihajlovic grandson filed a request for his grandfather 's rehabilitation in the high court . 
  the high court rehabilitated dra\u017ea mihailovi\u0107 and gave him back post-mortem his citizen rights because communist regime staged a politically and ideologically motivated trial in 1945 . 
  this court decision does not make him automatically a hero or something like that . 
  nedic rehabilitation is in process but no way that guy is getting it . 
   racist , like serbia you were wrong i guess . 
   the russian government can now fan the nationalist sentiments of neighbouring serbia . 
  lol . 
  like we cant see ourselves what is happening in croatia recently . 
   the man who braged to hitler that he made belgrade jude frei . 
  i meant about this . 
  there is no way that is true . 
  [ we are talking about this guy ] ( http://content.time.com/time/covers/0,16641,19420525,00.html ) [ german warrant ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:dmihailovic_poternica.jpg ), 
  first time i hear this . 
  is this what you are thought in school ? 
  supporting rebels in syria , while bombing rebels in yemen . 
   but i do n't either think everything the us does is bad either . 
  neither do i. 
  but this is hypocrisy at its best . 
  how come us is not supporting freedom fighters now ? 
  well , if you check his comment history you 'll see that he is not a serb . 
  lies !, 
  all lies !, 
  i got his birth certificate !,
