  government of kosovo overreacted with sending 200 special police officers . 
  there was a video of a railroad being mined also . . 
  more votes from kosovo serbs . 
  believe me . 
  no one cares about him any more . 
  opposition leader ? 
  he was a leader in ' 96 , i dont think he is in politics now . 
  op changed the title, 
  he just have a nice handwriting . 
  latin and cyrillic are not that different at all . 
   lend you sneaky northerners !, 
   if our military did n't exist , then who would stop russian or china from doing whatever they want ? 
  they could conquer the world if that were the case ... why do you think you guys are better ? 
  u broke un laws more times than russia and china together . . 
  welcome to the land of ice basketball . 
  its not 5 booths . 
  its only one booth where you go to take a picture . 
  and why would anyone pay for corruption for a thing that cost a 15e , and takes 30min . 
  of your time . 
  you are exaggerating . 
   when you see it , you will see how much of a shit storm it is . . to get a drivers license you need to go to 5 booths ... then go to the bank/postoffice , convert cash/card to cheques and then present the cheques at the 6th booth ... then go back to the 5 other booths ... that sounds like bureaucracy , not corruption . 
  if you read the article , you would see that they were supposed to have serbia-eu intergovernmental conference ( igc ) . 
  everything i can forgive , but our prime ministers tears i cant !, 
  how dare you croatia !, 
  let me guess , he is albanian . 
  i really understand baltic states and their fears over russian possible invasion and all , you got to be prepared . . but owerblowing things out of proportions doesnt do you any good . 
  it only worsen the relations with russia , brings far right groups in front , rise of nationalism etc. 
  yeah , all right m8 , keep comparing putin with hitler . 
  i dont even know how to respond to that . 
   the hypocrisy from you serb nationalists is hilarious ; you have proven yourself to be a bosnik nationalist in every thread that mention serbia . 
  please stop calling out other people names that perfectly suits you !, 
  [ in few years all these boxes will be green ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_serbia_to_the_european_union#negotiation_progress ) . 
  its a process that will take time and every country had to adjust to eu standards before joining . 
  [ here is the example of croatia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_enlargement_of_the_european_union#negotiation_progress ) . 
   we should focus on internal development and links to other fully developed nations ( usa , canada , australia , japan ) some of those nations wouldnt pass the eu standards above . 
  and tell me why eu couldnt develop links with those countries in the same time while accepting new countries from europe that passed all the standards needed ? 
   another semi-failed state feel free to visit serbia , and then tell us why you think it failed ? 
   israel lol , and what a nightmare of border dispute that would be . 
  he is filled with doubt !, 
  yeah but our border dispute with croatia is no big deal . 
  its basically a few river islands on danube . 
  the one with a kosovo isnt about border but 15 % of territory . 
  i think that they will find the way for serbia to not officially recognize it but sign a some kind of deal with kosovo . 
  if you are implying that us citizens are protesting because of their nation world dominance , i think you are very wrong . 
  they are keeping their 600b dollars military budget just so they could project power around the world . 
  not electing people that oppose it doesnt seems like protesting to me . 
  maybe you should stop making enemies of them . 
  start with not calling their government a dictatorship . 
   russian people tend to forget their own problems when they see russia 's foreign influence rising . 
  like almost any other nation would . 
  so who is going to block serbia over border with kosovo then ? 
  maybe its border with slovenia , but not with serbia and montenegro . 
  but i guess you are right . 
  yep . 
  sadly vucic won with like 48 % in elections this year . 
  87 % of parliament is pro eu oriented . 
  after elections in 2012 it was 100 % . 
  how come cyprus is in eu ? 
  croatia is having border disputes with its neighbors also . 
  referendum was choosing a pro eu government every 2 or 4 years since year 2000 . 
   lol , b92 at it again why ? 
  they are just reporting what state official said . 
   crazy serb mafia no you got it wrong . 
  they dont want mafia anywhere near their villages . 
  you are free to join us , but you must know that we call you holland here . 
   serbs are more similar to bosniaks and bosnian croats of course , thats why there is a special subreddt for you !, 
  yeah , probably thats the reason you 're getting downvoted . 
  racist ? 
  do you even know what are you talking about ? 
  one apple after the meal , lowers the risk of colorectal carcinoma significantly . 
  interesting person . 
  also this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kirsan_ilyumzhinov#ufo_experience, 
   `` ukrainians want to live like normal people , not in shit , like you [ in russia ] . '' classy `` journalist '' . 
  same thing is happening in serbia . 
  yugoslavia is in none of those groups . 
  it was a part of [ non-aligned movement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/non-aligned_movement#origins ), 
  this is worse than communism . 
  [ the mighty danube !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tihfywhdmo&amp;t=7s ), 
  she only says it because eu officials jerk to that , even though it is a fact and there never was an option of choosing . 
  people here wants eu and it has no alternative . 
  nato is different story . 
   would n't want to repeat the ukrainian mistake we do n't have 20 % of russian speaking minority living in serbia , and even if we did serbia officially applied for european union membership in december 2009 , and the european commission recommended making it an official candidate in october 2011 . 
  serbia received full candidate status on 1 march 2012 . 
  in december 2013 the council of the european union approved opening negotiations on serbia 's accession in january 2014 . 
  since then we opened 10 and closed 2 chapters . 
  hey you are welcomed to our sub , i am not saying anything , you are free to lurk and post . . it is your sub too , after all . 
  you know what they say , if it smells like crap ... downvote it . 
  that 's what i 've been doing with your comments too . 
  lol . . you are lurking our sub and complaining about it in r/europe . 
  that 's just adorable !, 
  lol . . 
  seriously , you cant compare stuff like these . 
  first you talked about ethnic cleansing of vlachs in serbia , now about genocide in bosnia . 
  please stop . 
   croatia and romania are n't guilty of an unrecognized genocide and serbia is ? 
   acting outraged like a true serbian nationalist you hear people talking about minority rights does not look good . 
  ahhaha ... good one !, 
   you want in the eu , so act like a proper eu state . 
  sure !,
