iowa is a heart of ohio !, 
  not largest , more like it 's in a top 5 . 
  probably because all those stupid shit like this are blamed on russia . 
  one have to deny it . 
   that 's not the way it works . 
  the russian playbook is - buy politicians and parties , use them to award nuclear/gas/millitary projects to russia . 
  if things do n't go russia 's way , the same guys create political diversions . 
  this sounds like russian style economic hit man policy . 
  and the rest of eu countries doesnt have nationalist movements/governments ? 
  and in a case of serbia and albania , you are pretty much wrong . 
  st. peters basilica , vatican . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/be/vatican_city_at_large.jpg/800px-vatican_city_at_large.jpg cant be be more catholic , and it has a dome . 
  the fresco is located on the southern wall of the 13th century milesheva monastery and the identity of its author is unknown . 
  in the 16th century , the white angel was over-painted with another fresco , and so was hidden until the 20th century when the fresco was restored . 
  a picture of the white angel of mileseva was sent as a message in the first satellite broadcast signal from europe to america after the cuban missile crisis , as a symbol of peace and civilization . 
  later , the same signal , containing the white angel , was transmitted to space in an attempt to communicate with extraterrestrial life forms . 
   left refusal in accepting the outcome of democratic elections ? 
  this got nothing to do with the left or right . 
  there is hundreds of reasons for protesting , starting from media coverage of the campaign , election fraud , corruption , academic plagiarism of the high state officials . . you name it , but it is definitely not about left or right politics . 
  i guess we should cancel the order of these 3000 nora b-52s then . 
  the proofs are there , but eu leaders choose not to see it . 
   what do you want the eu to do ? 
  just do n't praise him as a best guy serbia could have 5 days before election . 
  and stop ignoring his corruption scandals , media blackout , election rigging . . 
  i liked that hymn , still have great memories of it . 
  but i think it belongs to history , and no matter how you change the lyrics it would always represent a different time . 
  tv commentator maybe did n't noticed it , but borkovic definitely did n't liked it . 
  yeah we were a slav tribe , but what does that mean today ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
  and that hymn is already used by poles . 
  more boring than iceland ? 
  pan-slavism is no longer a thing . 
  the eu loves him . 
  400 years of occupation can do that . .  god of justice ; thou who saved us when in deepest bondage cast , hear thy serbian children 's voices , be our help as in the past, 
  ja sam za jankelu ali mi ne smeta radule ili jeremic npr . 
   he 's actively pulling in investors into the country . 
  reviving some old companies . 
  he 's bringing economic growth . 
  battles the corruption in serbia . 
  the eu leaders sympathize with him , one of them being merkel . 
  that 's what he says , while doing the opposite . 
  the best example is `` savamala case '' . 
  not just srpski telegraf , but blic , alo , kurir also . 
  there is no special reason for it , they just chose to use latin over cyrillic . 
  serbs use both scripts . 
  what percent of the lyrics you were able to decipher ? 
  from 2012 it went downhill . 
  come on , you cant be real . 
  we are talking about a small group of people that support an irrelevant football club . 
  incidents like this happen once in 6-7 years . 
  hardly a horde , or a racism problem in serbia . 
  lol ... i did n't . 
  it 's in my birth certificate . 
  seriously man , all i have to do is type danish colonies genocide and slavery in google search . 
  but i wont do that . 
  i 'll leave that to you ... 
  well your guys fucked up as much as the dutch did , i guess . 
  actually the dutch could n't do anything ... so no one can blame them . 
  the face of this general says it all . 
  well i would put him together with izetbegovic and tudjman as most responsible . 
  serbs actually wanted yugoslavia , so you cant just blame them for the collapse . 
  i do n't want to defend him , but please at least get your facts . 
  no matter how big of scumbag he was , the hague tribunal posthumously acquitted him for war crimes in bosnia . 
  you guys failed so many times before . 
  here i present to you danish heroes , protectors of innocent people !, 
  lol ... glad you got the point off my simple question where there could n't be a simple answer . 
  no it did n't . 
  socialist federal republic of yugoslavia stopped existing in 1991 . 
  federal republic of yugoslavia continued to exist for 12 more years . 
  they are . 
  either from begging on streets or welfare . 
  usually both . 
  https://www.caffeineinformer.com/caffeine-what-the-world-drinks this shows we are 6th in the world . 
  still not better than slovenia though . 
  i would arrest every single one of those idiots in the video . 
  i do n't know if the debt was a real reason for yugoslavia collapse . 
  it was more because of nationalism on a rise . 
  the country of six republics , five nationalities , four languages , three religions and two alphabets was n't gon na survive without dictator . 
  although it was a communism/socialist country where people pretend to work , and state pretend to pay them basically , so ... god damn , it was tough living in albania back then . 
  did they had diaspora at least that sent money back to country , like we had in yugoslavia ? 
  they sided with chinese and then china later ditched them . 
  basically they were all alone like north korea is today . 
  nothing is sacred to them . 
   supported shit . . next time snoop dogg comes to belgrade we should send him back because he obviously support kosovo separatists by having a concert in prishtina . 
  please do n't do that ukraine . 
  why compare a soldier who has chosen to take a risk for defending his country and an ordinary girl with a rare genetic disease . 
  kaleva is an obvious troll . 
  it was so long ago , i cant even remember all the stuff . 
  i remember that military and state intelligence was most corrupt and evil organizations back then . 
   powers of alternative medicine . 
  ahahah ... good one , i laughed !, 
  well djindjic had a plan to reform security intel . 
  before his death . 
  he was helped by british intelligence as i remember well , true , but it was needed , hardly an `` act of tribute of a defeated country '' as you call it . 
   military intelligence it was n't touched by sablja . 
  how can you explain then mladic and karadzic hiding for so long if the military intelligence was dismantled ? 
  sablja was n't an ideal operation because it was done hastily , and many innocent people got caught in it sure . 
  but it did more good then harm . 
  they were the remnants of milosevic criminal regime . 
  as far as i think , good riddance !,
