  the point is it 's painfully obvious that europeans are just as oblivious to uk politics as americans are to european politics, 
  maybe you should mention that to the people on here complaining about / r/the _ donald threads then, 
  watching europeans comment on scottish independence is as painful as watching trump supporters comment on european elections . 
  eu citizens are forced to give enough money to bail out banks as it is , i doubt you 'll have much asking for donations to top that up . 
  well all of world history . 
  the only difference is europe achieves this without economic growth . 
   it 's almost like health care in america is more about the health of profits than the health of ** french ** citizens . 
  give them train tickets to germany, 
   the only way to stop them is to keep them here by force . 
  presumably one of the reasons why they want you to start paying for an eu border control and eu army . 
  yes , piss off the countries that are already pissed off with the eu even more . 
  that will be solution . 
  if someone is n't cooperating , fine them until they cooperate !, 
  although in this case you would get pretty close, 
  jeez , that 's what you lot said about hollander, 
  if them going after people is enough to put voters off . 
  which is fair enough , but then it 's reasonable for us not to make any decisions about your crockery either, 
   in fact it is not cast in stone as it 's not in a ratified treaty exactly , if leaders and parliamentarians can make statements with such certainty there is no reason why they ca n't make statements with equal certainty about the rights of uk nationals . 
  so why can the eu say that britain ca n't have access to the single market tariff free without accepting free movement ? 
  so you 're saying that the people are political pawns that will be part of the stuff sorted out in the negotiations . . 
  although european culture is strong , european unionism is weak , which is what so many feel insecure about . 
  it 's literally falling apart and people are desperate . 
  leave won because more people voted to leave than remain . 
  sure , the leave campaign used data on facebook to work out where best to spend money to target leave voters . 
  but remain were given a blank cheque in the form of a government letter targeting everyone , telling them to vote remain . 
   strasbourg is pointless and everybody but location wo n't change that . 
  well not until germany says they have to at least, 
  a similar pattern to the phasing out of support for the eu, 
  yeah , the growth is just great , real terrific . 
  ask anyone , what 's the best thing about the eu ? 
  economic growth , that 's what everyone 's saying . 
  the eu has tremendous growth . 
  coming from the person who thinks / r/europe is unbiased i suppose the bbc would also seem unbiased . 
  what villages in aus are destroyed for coal ? 
  that 's not true, 
  in new zealand . 
  that would be the most effective protest . 
  good luck with that . 
  ironically , as a high school teacher , that money would be coming to me ... 
  it 's no problem for me either . 
  i 'd just vote for the biggest fascist i could see to make a point . 
  generally people go to town halls if they wish to find out what the candidates stand for or to ask them a question ... i fail to see how that can be mandatory . 
  and what if we all voted for the guy saying he 'd do away with mandatory voting and town halls ? 
  presumably we could n't get what we voted for , ironically because of democracy ? 
  why should i pay a tax for not wanting to go to a town hall ? 
  but i do n't want to vote and i certainly do n't want to waste my time going to town halls . 
  you forget how long scots voted for blair, 
  he does n't seem to be top of the polls by almost any measure . 
  he seems to be firmly in second but a lot closer to third than first . 
  so his plan is basically to try what greece failed so miserably to achieve . 
  it does n't work if you are not prepared to leave . 
  why would the eu ever give him what he wanted ? 
  haha . 
  yes , that is what i have said . 
  he may make it , he may not . 
  it seems marcon may well make it . 
  but looking at the polls , at least the conventional ones , it may also be fillon and le pen, 
  it seems everyone is desperate to believe that marcon will reach the second round . 
  even if it means making what seems a very unreliable poll like this big news . 
  no doubt we 'll also hear how no one in / r/the _ donald is french or understands french politics ... 
  the bottom line is marcon has struggled to move past fillon and adrift of the le pen . 
  this means there 's a fair chance he does n't make the second round . 
  and shows that her being that close is consistent, 
  it 's completely unreasonable . 
  but something ridiculous could be handy in making sure the british public remain staunchly against the eu . 
  i would love to see le pen elected in france and schulz elected in germany, 
  except now the children have no money to give to their parents because they 're funding the welfare state . 
  but homicide is n't the only serious crime . 
  wow , a le pen / fillon second round would put people into meltodown here . 
  but also show the french people 's true feelings towards the eu and their expansionist policies, 
   is there anyone here that has actually cancelled or decided not to visit paris/brussels/berlin , or anywhere in europe because of terrorist threats ? 
  yes , that is what the numbers show . 
   i bet you guys can do even better . 
  not according to the scottish government, 
  there were people in other european countries who used to cheer as german troops marched into their country . 
  so their cries do n't fall on death ears . 
  they are falling on their mp 's ears who are acting like they said they would in their manifesto and publicly ? 
  but the scottish people who voted no are having their opinion falling on death ears . 
  it does n't seem like you were disagreeing with me so not sure what the sarcasm is for, 
  not really . 
  our mp 's from scotland are about 100 % in favour of the eu but we voted 62/38 . 
  the milllion scots who voted leave are having their cries fall on deaf ears . 
  which is why the tories are continually gaining ground in scotland since the referendum . 
  the eu is quite obviously turning against the us and uk whilst ramping up hostility against russia . 
  to me it only makes sense for some broad agreement between the uk russia and america that protects our mutual interests, 
  that 's what you get for following the eu 's plan . 
  even the blue bits, 
  yeah . 
  / r/unitedkingdom had a field day pre brexit as well, 
  so maybe we should follow how the eu was for more than 60 years and scrap the new lisbon treaty which has only increases hostility in europe over recent years ? 
  presumably you have some unhealthy habit that some people who smoke do n't see the appeal with . 
  too much bureaucracy , too much money , too much interference . 
  junker thinks eu countries are comparable to ohio . 
  no thanks . 
  does n't he have similar approval ratings from the french public as the nazi 's did during their occupation of paris ? 
  time to re-establish closer ties with the us and russia . 
  i just worry we ca n't afford to wait 2 years . 
  it 's yuge !, 
  just call it the fourth reich and be done with it, 
  i guess so but i do n't think therell be a referendum before we leave,
