  that is one of the main reasons a lot of us vote to leave . 
  is more likely to make others follow our example, 
  the front national are pretty much as left wing as the labour uk party i thought ? 
  they pretty much want nationalization of a lot of stuff . 
  in fact , for the majority of labour voters , the front national in france is more suited than any uk national party for labour voters since we know most of them are also against mass immigration . 
  well it 's either all out or this silly half thing . 
  those are the options . 
  so that should make up your mind on how to vote, 
  that does n't make sense . 
  if you wanted to get rid of opt outs it does n't matter if you trust the politicians . 
  if you supported removing opt outs and the government made the wrong decision then that would just mean keeping the opt outs , which is what they got by voting no, 
  and remind people in other countries how destructive socialism is, 
  tonight i 'm glad to see the chances of le pen winning in 2017 rising further, 
  care to share any ? 
  the eu is so hostile to trade , that 's why it 's so stagnant . 
  if you stick with the eu you 're accepting your economy is going to suffer long term . 
  the eu is a farce, 
  because you are generalizing millions of people . 
  its not nice , like if you see people constantly criticizing africans or muslim 's or whatever, 
  the eu is too inward looking . 
  no wonder it 's failing economically . 
  we need to trade with russia more not less, 
  do you think most germans were nazis or that they were scared so the majority converted and only the small number remaining were persecuted ? 
  those people are certainly not paying people to stand around their house doing nothing either, 
  another referendum , another vote against the eu . 
  how many times do they need to be told no ? 
  i think the difference is on the right we do n't want to manage other countries affairs . 
  we do n't really care what putin 's domestic policies are . 
  foreign policy , putin is much more reaosonable than the eu and has much more respect for uk sovereignty than the eu does . 
  as the eu has proven, 
  it depends how determined the eu is to hold on to power and how far they are willing to go to suppress european nations, 
  i 'm not sure what the problem is . 
  we want to get out of the eu . 
  it 's an expensive process . 
  i do n't think ukip have received any money from russia but i 'd certainly welcome any . 
  the british people want to stand up to the eu . 
  putin has done that effectively . 
  what 's the problem in getting some help . 
  we do n't care he 's the eu boogeyman . 
  it anything , that 's a positive . 
  because the eu is a joke . 
  a bad joke , hence the german accent, 
  then they remember that they are from syria, 
  but polls show support for independence has n't grown, 
  you think britain bad never murdered a russian citizen in moscow ? 
  looks like we will be seeing an increase in investment in that area rather than a decrease after all . 
  always trust the eu to hurt it 's members, 
   what 's wrong with sweden is a better question . 
  you can not be independent and part of the eu, 
  and be like sweden ? 
  i think many have had a look at the eu for the first time in the last couple of months and now think , actually , no thanks . 
  let us stay in the uk and out of the eu . 
  the irony that the eu was designed to try to stop germany trying to `` fix '' europe, 
  because the eu has just fucked the only country to do well out of the eu, 
  neither is ireland, 
  just like the us has no intention of trying to join to enact changes to fix it, 
  cheerio, 
  good , there is no other choice . 
  we ca n't be part of a europe with an aggressive eu army , increasing violence and even starting to tell women what they can wear . 
  i used to be of the opinion it was ok to wait for article 50 but with every week it 's becoming clearer that its the sooner the better, 
  well that would be abuse . 
  how many of those women are forced to do other things ? 
  maybe the solution is to not let muslim 's live together or put them in facilities under supervision then . 
  you ca n't go into people homes `` liberating '' them with no invitation, 
  stupid women wearing the wrong thing eh ? 
  france is becoming a scary country , look at what the eu has done . 
  it 's not the intolerance that was the problem . 
  it was that they were contaminated which has killed many babies in china . 
  so it is fair to say chinese can be assured of good quality from lithuania whereas in china they are worried about buying something that will poison their baby, 
  and turkey . 
  and syria . 
  and iraq . 
  and libya . 
  and france, 
  he 's left the eu , so are we allowed to criticize him here now ? 
  why , leaving the eu has been successful so far . 
  it seems logical to see the boost anti eu sentiment in other eu countries . 
  which was a result of eu sanctions was it not ? 
  there was pro independence sentiment before she was born, 
  as opposed to sturgeon who did create pro independent scotland sentiment . 
  you clearly do n't know what you 're talking about, 
  yet people label nigel farage a populist as well, 
  or we run out of people to pick the petals, 
  you need statistics to know if more people have died in france from terrorist attacks in the last few years ? 
  good news for germans . 
  neutral news for greeks, 
  by leaving the eu for a start, 
  yes . 
  she may not win , but in my opinion the closer to winning the better, 
  give some momentum to the euroskeptic groups . 
  i suspect a lot of news aboutthe uk leaving just before the french election could be very beneficial, 
  we 're not going to be bullied by the eu . 
  i think may has the right approach . 
  we do , otherwise it would have been 92 % , not 52 %, 
  but most ukip voters from the tories come from safe tory seats where labour were losing votes in the north that handed seats to the tories in some instances, 
  britain has faced bigger threats than the eu, 
  he achieved one of the great days in british history . 
  he will be celebrated for a long time . 
  thatcheresque, 
  if you knew the context you would n't be worrying about anything,
