and then they will receive no housing , no financial assistance and no healthcare except emergency healthcare . 
  whereas in romania they will receive all that ? 
  good . 
  other countries should n't take them . 
  because we 've had enough, 
  the country that invited them should take them . 
  yeah but in europe we still like to make fun of americans for being stupid, 
   in short , we spend a massive amount of time , effort and money making sure it gets spent on ~ ~ the right things rather than the wrong ones . ~ ~ bureaucracy . 
  but at the very least we need to stand up to the eu 's demands if we want to see any of our countries survive . 
  certainly could improve europe if we just shut both of them down certainly . 
  let 's just hope america does n't decide to become a `` pacifist '' country then . 
   we behave like a pacifist planet from star trek you certainly seem to be from a fictional planet at least . 
  the eu is certainly a big fucked up complex problem, 
  i think most people in the uk just want europe to cooperate with each other and dint want to dominate europe . 
  germany is the problem in europe . 
  again, 
  greece would still have needed that bailout . 
  greece were actually campaigning for status quo with their economy, 
  this is great news . 
  le pen for president, 
  so the eu is just wasting everyone 's time effectively . 
  not that they 've done that before . 
  if we left the eu it would send a real message that things in the eu need to change . 
  it would benefit the rest of europe as much as us . 
  i am quite pleased about this . 
  the more we are asked to pay the better chance we have of leaving next year . 
  the worse it gets in europe in the short term the better it is in the long term for us ( and europe ) . 
  it 's actually trade deals that are best for europe . 
  a good trade deal for france and germany might not be the best available for the uk . 
  uk doing it alone would be much more effective, 
  it is effectively war with the eu . 
  the uk has more to lose than those other countries, 
  and the day after that will be italy, 
  not according to any of the bookies, 
  i do n't think we can afford to wait as long as that, 
  yeah http://www.bbc.com/news/live/world-europe-35869266 bbc has a picture of the smoke coming out of the metro station after the explosion, 
  there 's probably dozens of plans to attack brussels, 
  would rather pay to stay in a glasgow public toilet, 
  the eu is already ramping up its propaganda as fast as it can . 
  what you described is just a few years ahead . 
   lacks credibility so they do not it . 
  taking someone 's word for it is no more credible yet they do that, 
  bigger welfare state also means parents are n't really relying on their kids to provide anything for then when they 're older anymore, 
  well the standard of life has been improving under putin, 
  but are n't the authorities in germany generally in favour of the extreme left ? 
  that 's not true . 
  look at the technological advances made in the space race that russians benefit from today . 
  if you 've ever played a sport , there 'll be people you play with that you want to be as good as . 
  it does n't matter if you 're never as good as someone , just matters if you 're improving or not . 
  i think that 's what makes europe so successful in the past . 
  a policy can be implemented in one part of europe and if it 's successful it will be implemented by neighbors , if it 's bad you can tell it 's bad by comparing to other countries . 
  i 'm no socialist , but i 'm guessing you are so i 'll use an example of basic income . 
  basic income is a big change . 
  and a big risk if it does n't work out well . 
  would n't it be better to have it tested in a small country that 's more socialist and more willing to make it work than to force it on all of europe , including areas that would be dead set against it ? 
  in / r/ukpolitics everyone was talking about how to make the education work better in schools . 
  why ? 
  because of this report . 
  http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/young-people-england-have-lowest-literacy-levels-developed-world-says-oecd-1540711 because we 're not competing with other countries . 
  it does n't matter if we do n't catch up to south korea it just matters that we improve . 
  and perhaps we could do that by looking at what south korea does differently to us . 
  always feel this is more scottish https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrqe3rme7qe, 
  competition leads to improvement, 
  someone might suggest jumping out a window and flapping their arms as `` unrealistic idealism '' but most people would always call it bloody stupid, 
  some places are more likely than others, 
  the uk is mostly an independent state, 
  i am becoming more patriotic , it 's the best defence against the eu, 
  i do n't think people will ever suddenly rally around the eu flag . 
  would really suck if that country pretended to apologize for their treatment of you then show complete disregard for your safety just a few years later, 
  i think there are plenty of europeans . 
  but there are also plenty of non europeans . 
  i think the equivalent would be 3 people hugging but 5 people in the middle of the hug trying to escape it . 
  i do n't think the eu can afford to let any member leave now without the whole project tearing apart . 
  ( which would n't be a bad thing ), 
  and quite a few eu leaders quite respect mao, 
  i doubt it . 
  when push comes to shove i think the majority trusts the uk more than the eu . 
  even if it is begrudgingly . 
  liked by the most people since ww2, 
  yeah but she 's still the most popular prime minister since churchill . 
  if the sort of people celebrating her death had liked her , then she probably would n't have been a very good pm, 
  if i throw rocks at cars sometimes i 'll smash a window and sometimes i wo n't . 
  the smashed windows are my fault . 
  the increase of this kind of style of sex attacks is the eu 's fault you can count on italy 's crime rate being higher this year, 
  because that 's not the eu 's fault . 
  this is . 
  is not true . 
  in the scottish referendum the vast majority of those who were undecided went to the campaign with the momentum . 
  only in the last month or couple of weeks the lesser amount of undecideds trended towards no, 
  so if the members should decide what the eu is and you think half would leave because half would prefer the eu was just free trade , do n't you agree the eu should be just free trade ? 
  about time . 
  the migrant crisis could n't have came at a better time . 
  thank you merkel, 
  the eu has its head in its sky while their land burns, 
  the eu encourages it, 
  the british did when they were n't part of the eu . 
  frankly britain would probably have more respect for poland if they left, 
  think it says a lot about the eu when you prefer to be a buffer state . 
  i 'd rather have putin influencing our policy in britain than the eu as well . 
  if it was 2000 years it 'd still be a terrible thing,
