  i do n't mind compromise with the eu . 
  i hope it does n't go to wto rules . 
  i do n't mind if there is compromise on immigration . 
  but i 'm mainly just relieved we finally have a pm sticking up for britain . 
  i never thought i 'd be happy with a prime minister but may is strong . 
  i just hope the uk , the us and russia can work together to at least put a muzzle on the eu if not breaking it up within the next few years . 
  yeah , nothing to do with the rapid rise of anti eu parties all across europe . 
  nothing to see there folks . 
  it must be social media . 
  the eu need to be careful if they begin to go down this path of removing unwanted , expensive and useless projects . 
  well it 's worked before ... 
  we know people always vote against the eu in referendums anyway . 
  you mean build a wall and try to kill the people who are attempting to escape, 
  only in the eu can countries celebrate having a surplus when they actually have had deficits for over a decade including this year !!!, 
  we had this news before http://time.com/4629/greece-budget-surplus-eurozone/ but just like then , there is still a deficit . 
  greece owe more money today than they have ever owed in their history . 
  so ukip has 5 times the members but the uk has about 5 times the population so it is about equal . 
  the eu has failed to do anything . 
  countries that have alternative options should use them . 
  they should . 
  germany sold them a lie and letting them down . 
   the british government give us massive subsidies , without which we could never make a profit . 
  because government owned businesses are incompetent as fuck . 
  have you ever tried going on scotrail ? 
  and i do n't think the others are much better . 
  it does n't surprise me they could n't make a profit without government money . 
  time to get rid of subsidies , and let companies who can actually run a business and a service take over . 
  except out government is too incompetent , so we are stuck with your incompetent services . 
  the attitude in europe is that the government should do everything . 
  the consequences are a bit irrelevant . 
  and the car fuel industry . 
  leave would always have won . 
  if `` it worked '' is a good enough defense , i guess it 'd be equally acceptable to prevent young white women attending next year . 
  like the euro it probably wo n't take long to prove the backwards stuck in the past racist brit 's right again . 
  there really was no campaign in scotland to get people to vote remain . 
  the best you can say is scottish people are indifferent to the eu . 
  did n't even increase the polls for independence, 
  every eu country - `` can we have a referendum please ? '', 
  eu supporters - `` you do n't need one , you would vote remain . '', 
  select eu countries - `` but we already vot . . '' eu supporters - `` but you 've changed your mind since then '' meanwhile a new poll shows dissatisfaction in the eu is at minus 12 % and the eu regulation actually prevented terrorist attacks . 
  well when we had `` fake news '' with wmd and in iraq and syrian government slaughtering civilians randomly , government had absolutely no issue with these news stories . 
  i 'd say that a government task force would be more preoccupied with the kind of stories that the government deemed necessary to create a task force for . 
  you are mad if you think those are the kind of news stories that will be targeted, 
  perhaps keep it in the back pocket for when we eventually overthrow the eu, 
  religion is the opium of the people in the middle east . 
  the eu is the opium of the people in europe . 
  the problem will persist until it 's dissolved . 
  italy coming out of it would be huge . 
  i thought the greeks would have too much pride to simply let germany take over their country again . 
  but seems like your government is bought and controlled by the eu, 
  whilst sticking heads in the sand !, 
  and as unpopular as merkel everywhere else in europe . 
  it 's basically a scam where germany is fucking over greece again and again . 
  the eu is anti business , mainly why it is failing . 
  extra business for the uk was always going to happen . 
  yeah , that 's always been germany 's problem ... diplomacy, 
  [ renzi going ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryonsokz5ze ), 
  https://www.dailyfx.com/eur-usd look at the plunging value of the euro . 
  obviously investors ( and pretty much everyone ) across the world are thinking this is a vote against the eu . 
  or do you think italians not wanting to change the italian senate normally has such a big impact ? 
  well the anti eu parties seem to be pushing for referendums and pro eu parties seem to want to block any kind of eu referendum, 
  because this will pressure the italian pm to resign which could lead to a referendum in italy to see if italy should continue using the euro . 
  obviously , if it goes as far as a referendum any pro eu stance is likely to lose in countries like italy , uk , france , greece , denmark , hungary etc. 
  the last thing the eu wants is another referendum about the eu because they keep on losing them . 
  the euro vs usd https://www.dailyfx.com/eur-usd, 
  this is about the italian pm and the eu, 
  the eu is the disaster we 're all profiting from right now, 
  yeah but if it was american system , le pen would win so easy . 
  the fact she can win that so easy gives her a decent chance of winning the second round . 
  as did obama . 
  the uk and the us will always come along to help liberate france in the end . 
  so the labour constituencies who voted leave should have their mps representing their choice, 
  because it does n't make any difference ? 
  far right seems to be called anything that is not suicidal these days, 
  why should people in other countries be part of a country they do n't want to be ? 
  no one recognizes crimea as being russian . 
  being recognized is not totally necessary to be independent . 
  you mean faces . 
  the eu has n't sorted anything out , and never does . 
  well yes . 
  wd realized that over a year ago . 
  to enforce it they really need some sort of secret police , appearing to be civilian so they can catch the people who are saying all these statements that are going against state policy . 
  is also the one people watch most , so i guess a good model if you want people to be listening to what politicians are saying . 
  it takes people who are n't investors several years to realize that saving is n't as valuable as it used to be . 
  the eu hates business ( if you could n't already tell that from the unemployment rates ), 
  did you watch the debates in the eu parliament about charging in to help the rebels in syria despite not knowing who the hell they were ? 
  much more opposition in the us and of course the british parliament eventually voted against it . 
  we know the outcome if the eu parliament had a vote on it . 
  it 'd be much more costly than 20 billion for sure . 
   the cleaning costs of this protest were also assumed by greenpeace . 
  reminds me of the university twats who break people 's windows and leave just enough cash for the poor folk to repair . 
  be realistic . 
  if she had went the first day she would have been accused of piggybacking on a tragedy for good pr . 
  she would have been accused of bringing a crowd of people and security to an area which made it harder for the emergency services to get on with their job . 
  do not pretend people would have said `` oh , it 's nice to see may down there , she obviously really cares about those people '', 
  it was already a genuine concern, 
  explains why the germans like him so much, 
  you 're making the mistake of thinking that most labour voters would rather see the snp win than the tories . 
  and scotland 's poorest ward voted for a tory councillor . 
  labour is a party for the wealthy middle class .
