   basically nobody will understand all the services and rights the eu offers to its citizens or even how the eu works . 
  so basically no one knows all the services the eu offers that they are paying for . 
  wonderful, 
  we need gove, 
  the average european, 
  enough ? 
  it did n't happen at all, 
  people on here are living in fantasy land, 
  it is n't privatized in scotland . 
  the irony of you calling someone an ill informed brexiter is too much, 
  we should be offering support to france , netherlands and whoever else wants to leave, 
  no it does n't . 
  it has to be considered to be talked about by the parliament . 
  it does n't have to be talked about by the parliament, 
  if it had been 75 % we 'd have the same petition but it would say 80, 
  i guess it 's fair , if more than 75 % of the electorate sign the petition i guess we could have a new referendum, 
  norway style deal does n't mean the exact same deal as norway . 
  i thought belgians had good english skills, 
  laws against free speech are exactly the kind of laws we try to fight against from the eu, 
  living in new zealand so i might be available times others are n't, 
  did the polls have 100 % accuracy ? 
  by your logic if obama says electing trump will fuel islamic terrorism then that must be a threat also . 
  the betting market was just as wrong at the general election, 
  but it seems there is a certain type of person within those countries who are most attracted to it . 
  those most guilty of it in the past also wanted political union within europe, 
  it 's terrifying it always seems to be the users with eu flags so eager for conflict . 
  i agree with / u/priamosish  i got ta admire the brexiters . 
  their agenda for that is impressive . 
  literally everything . 
  i appreciate it none the less . 
  a good positive headline for us before the referendum regardless, 
  it 's the daily minute hate . 
  booooo !, 
  sure you do . 
  but that 's part of the reason we like americans anyway . 
  no one here cares whether someone got to calais legally, 
  america, 
   brexit , with high economic impact for any of the side , possibly causing the eu to be dismantles . 
  this is by far the worse output of all i 'm sure many would prefer that too, 
  more life experience has always pushed people towards a conservative position . 
  speaking generally of course . 
  i think if your opinion is that scotland will choose an eu on crisis over staying in the uk you will be proven very wrong, 
   someone added the facts to the advert in the evening standard where were the facts written ? 
  `` will we still be able to watch german comedy '' has become the biggest argument in this country over the last few weeks, 
  answers will either be : 1 ) disgusting ` insert rich person 's name here ' 2 ) more immigration 3 ) more free stuff 4 ) oh , i 've not decided yet if i 'll run for the leadership, 
  that 's not what netflix are doing . 
  they are just removing some american programmes, 
  i was replying to a german who said the eu would wage trade war bringing britons to starvation whilst the eu 's economy flourished, 
  but that already happened when the uk did n't join the euro did it not ? 
  good luck on the whole trade war / start a flourishing economy after a decade of stagnation at the same time thing , you might need it . 
  so basically he was also following the same kind of strict socialist policies as the eu as well . 
  that 's definitely reassuring, 
  the strongest never win a popularity contest , 
  yeah . 
  the jury system was supposedly to stop it being political . 
  so instead of russia winning with the most votes , the winner was changed to ukraine which received less votes with a really strong political song . 
  great success, 
  ireland still has a deficit, 
  it 's people want it to fail . 
  the eu wants it to succeed desperately in spite of the citizens who live within it . 
  well with a european sense of identity . 
  a group of fantastic countries with great culture . 
  when i was growing up i was obsessed with football . 
  so you 'd have the champions league and the european cup etc which was just fantastic to see your team go and compete against the other european clubs . 
  it was great to see groups of fans coming from other countries and actually learning about european cities etc. 
  i do n't know , i felt a great sense of being part of europe . 
  that is just football and i was a bit young to appreciate much else , but of course there is a million other things that connects europeans together . 
  i just feel it 's all been overshadowed by the eu . 
  it 's causing too much resentment , i feel that and more and more europeans feel that . 
  put it this way , i used to cheer when i saw the germans getting a goal against the english but now i feel far more british . 
  i feel you have to be now . 
  ( even though i really loved being in germany ) . 
  i think the fact that someone with an eu flag as a flair would ask what else would you associate being european with if not the eu is really damning . 
  i 've never felt less european . 
  it 's difficult to not associate being european as being part of the eu . 
  i never said the hospital was wasteful , i said the eu was . 
  possibly , who knows . 
  i was saying the eu definitely created waste before the hospital got anything, 
  because the eu does n't create wealth , it filters wealth back to countries , redistributing wealth and creating another layer of waste . 
  this is n't funded by the eu . 
  it 's lies and propaganda placed throughout europe . 
  clearly the hungarians see this . 
  we support hungary , but were ignored . 
  hungary 's friends are leaving the eu . 
  i got so sick of seeing funded by eu signs , i really do hope they 're torn down . 
  can completely understand the hungarian sentiment, 
   but we could take one for the team , i guess . 
  that can be the new motto for greece as well . 
  the eu limits productivity of countries enough as it is do n't you think ? 
  but it works two ways . 
  le pen would win relatively easily in an american system, 
  then you do n't understand scottish politics, 
  germany 's rule of law apparently, 
  it does seem to be germany though that has the biggest problems with other countries running their own affairs . 
  is it really appropriate for germany to tell other countries how to run their government ? 
  i 'm sure that 's similar to another european leader 's threat not so long ago ... 
   i really do n't care if its ones finger or penis that is inside of another unwilling person . 
  well that is probably because you are n't the victim . 
  i dare say the victim cares very much if it 's the aggressors finger or penis !, 
  europe is part of the world etc.
