`` austerity is being used as a narrative to conduct class war '' `` war is the pursuit of policy by other means '', 
  spoken like a true fin . 
  sorry , but scary as it may be democracy must happen . 
  the alternatives are worse . 
  sure thing but the debate was about whether deportation could be a large punishment as well which i think is the case and is definitely worth considering . 
  in general i think prison should not be seen as a solution since studies show that it is n't a solution to any of the problems people think it addresses . 
  some groups are known to send their economically non-active minor sons to commit these crimes exactly to let the breadwinner escape a prison term . 
  what i 'm saying is for certain motivated killings a prison term may in fact not be a deterrent because of overriding other motives . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  i do n't think putting as many people as possible in prison is a solution to anything . 
  see : america . 
  for international travel it is amazing how much better easyjet is than db . 
  american for prison culture . 
  thanks , no thanks . 
  they should try this in berlin . 
  there were some minor disruptions today for the marathon and people were going crazy already . 
  gutted not to have made it out to the alps this year . 
  no borders is saying the same as no nation state . 
  it could work but i 'm pretty sure nobody right now is prepared for such a situation . 
  another economic miracle gone . 
  now if only we could get rid of people who believe in economic miracles ... 
  that 's where the debate in germany is retarded : if these pictures would be widely shared online it would in fact shame nobody . 
  nobody working at vw felt compelled to leak/share this information with the world as well . 
  immoral assholes . 
  i would not be surprised if lots more car makers were found to be cheating on all these tests . 
  no , that 's just the sound of your faculty for reason going out the window . 
  zizek in his coherent years ? 
  faces blacked out ? 
  god forbid something would happen to these people 's privacy . 
  saudi is almost bankrupt , right ? 
  and the uk and france . 
   take passengers between the two towns of wageningen and ede that 's easy because there is nobody there and this could be a great way to maintain transportation services in a part of the country which is depopulating . 
  i 've seen a fair share of drinking happen in syria . 
  now that they can be free here they can drink as much as they want . 
  i guess also the asylum system needs a radical overhaul . 
  considering : 1 . 
  the system and processing speed do not function at all as it is now . 
  the potential number of asylum seekers whether really threatened , potentially threatened or economic refugees seems to be boundless . 
  it also looks like a one way street with return being fully theoretic . 
  the number of desirable target countries is extremely limited : currently cnwe and the commonwealth . 
  countries like saudi arabia and china i 'm guessing do n't take asylum seekers and just like most of poor europe nobody would want to go there anyway . 
  the idea of asylum is noble and something i still support but geopolitical realities should factor into a serious rethink . 
  they have a piece it 's just downplayed . 
  i 'd love to hear the story behind this thing though . 
  a popular teamsport with a high risk of physical injury is a testament to a country 's stupidity . 
  maybe give the refugees free beer ? 
  is guess such a breakaway would be grandfathered in , at least if you do n't ask a spanish person . 
  it 's a stupid sport . 
  what , no germany ? 
  tiny piece on bild and no inside scoop . 
  i wonder why . 
  my impression is that germans have a work ethic very similar to americans where the number of hours you put in is much more important than the output . 
  well , consider the amount of paper they need to move it all does kinda make sense . 
  but they always do get the scoop/picture . 
  but then let 's not pretend that these resolutions carry any import whatsoever . 
  i guess not really . 
  we did n't dwell much on it in school past the idealistic foundation . 
  current impressions would be : an organ filled with high paid bureaucrats who do n't actually do anything . 
  fuck the un . 
  piece of shit bureaucracy . 
  maybe kick out every country which is not a democracy ? 
  if you germans are wrongfully called nazis i think you should wear it with pride . 
  it is n't true anyway and it demonstrates how bankrupt the other person is intellectually and morally . 
  given the state of geopolitics these days that convention reads kinda outdated . 
  and it works . 
  lost of confused people who hate america think that equates to rt being a-ok . 
  after germany 's ( schauble 's ) behaviour of the past half year i think the rest of europe is justified in saying : `` get fucking wrecked . '', 
  i have not seen any realistic calculations that this would be feasible . 
  i have also not seen any gradualistic approaches to get there . 
  i would prefer a functioning social democracy with progressive taxation on capital over a basic income in the sky . 
  i guess this is proof why such places are not accredited in europe . 
  the general global population is too stupid to understand sufficiently advanced satire : http://www.thedailyvox.co.za/were-all-reading-charlie-hebdo-wrong/, 
  i think we got a small group together and asked for a club introduction . 
  there 's a shooting range smack in the center of amsterdam . 
  it 's a fun outing and you can have beers afterwards . 
  however much skilled immigration we get , this gerontocracy is here to stay for the next decades . 
  germany grasped modernity once but that did n't go too well . 
  without functioning borders you could just as well give up the nation state . 
  not the best idea since most people come here because of the actual functioning nation state . 
  just to say : it is not without precedent . 
  to add to that there are more than a couple of good arguments to be made in favour of a maximum wage both in classical socialist theory and in current new ideas about economic progress . 
  the uk used to have a maximum wage before ( or at least an upwards of 90 % tax on the highest bracket ) and that is indeed a sensible policy . 
  of course it 's possible to do , if london would push for financial transparency legislation together with europe there 's no limit to what could be accomplished . 
  all sounds great to me !, 
  the csu is always a useful heel to merkels broad people 's party . 
  let 's see what happens after an amorphous collective of people burn through their sympathy credits in a record pace . 
  you read me wrong . 
  i do n't object to the concept of a bank . 
  i object to the concept of a for profit casino-bank which in my opinion should be pared up into its smaller pieces and thrown into the market to survive on its own . 
  it 's not like they are doing much of that these days anymore anyway . 
  local credit unions can do the same stuff without exposing us to huge systemic risks . 
  fuck that . 
  houses are for housing people not for making money . 
  banks should be taken apart anyway , let this be a good first step . 
  well , it did n't sound that practically feasible . 
  that is a thing that has never stopped european politics before , so consider this a new trend . 
  any time your position requires huge amounts of preference falsification you can be sure that it is divorced form reality . 
  yeah , they need to be seen to do something right now because there is a ` crisis ' . 
  i would n't say it was very unusual though a lot of things were rather unusual . 
  i also do n't know what qualifies as ` accepted ' under autocratical rule .
