  he 's probably hoping for another invitation by obama . 
  yeah , if that is a controversial position then rip the united kingdom . 
  maybe they should ? 
  she does sound mentally ill . 
  but then what do you do with crimes committed by the mentally ill ? 
  time to see `` what would sweden do ? '', 
  lots of people in germany support putin 's falsification of facts and history . 
  maybe imprison them as well ? 
  well if she 's going to be locked up , should n't it be a psychiatric prison ? 
  we are supposed to have near infinite amounts of butter thanks to europe . 
  yeah , it actually is which is what makes economics a bogus science . 
  germany believe that because they have atoned for the ` worst thing imaginable ' that now they ca n't do anything wrong anymore . 
  i guess it 's a pretty shitty time to live in company town wolfsburg . 
  `` pain is just the french word for bread . '', 
  the accent is really adorable though . 
  you are right that this entire thing is still being figured out but strengthening the incumbents is not going to help . 
  there are lots of interesting new journalistic initiatives all experimenting with various ways of funding . 
  so much this . 
  whatever you think of her politics it 's undeniable the amount of work she has done . 
  look at the bare argument for copyright and look at who benefits from the status quo and make up your mind ( or do n't ) . 
  i do n't think that reda lies and her position is reasonable ( maybe too much so even ) . 
  if you take away the rhetoric from both sides you 'll be amazed at how small the argument for state provided copyright protection actually is . 
  the only thing that 's keeping this around are the forces of incumbency . 
  of course that is not true just like the lies that the other side spews . 
  but it 's really only one side that is on the side of large corporations and vested interests . 
  reda is doing stuff but man this fight is uneven . 
  there is no reason whatsoever that those who do a certain kind of work deserve special protections . 
  printing newspapers nobody reads should not be a guarantee to income ad infinitum . 
  what have we done to be governed by people this incompetent ? 
  yeah , it 's been rescinded ( for now ) but everything seems a bit chaotic . 
  what i saw in my tweets : `` wir schaffen es ab '', 
  that 's great news !, 
  and corrupt ? 
  german , german-speaking . 
  same difference . 
  germans do n't like black people . 
  thanks america !, 
  they will always say that they 're pro-internet but what they actually are is pro-big business . 
  they do n't give a shit about anything else . 
  i 'm not under the impression that policy in germany is made with a huge relevance to reality . 
  well of course it 's not the only reason but the conflict is a huge catalyst . 
  and yes they are as bad . 
  people on both sides are really bad . 
  i wish there was an easy fix for that . 
  well no . 
  things are n't that black and white . 
  no of course not . 
  if you believe netanyahu , it was . 
  then there 's also that . 
  2013 is already hugely outdated since the netherlands of 2015 can not really be compared to that anymore . 
  i like to think that what worked for belgium/brussels should be good enough for these people as well . 
  the netherlands coming dead last makes these statistics utterly unreliable . 
  but then again people from a business school across the world doing desk ` research ' would n't have the best picture anyway . 
  that 's mostly caused by the israel-palestine conflict . 
  if that was fixed people would care as much about jews as they do about buddhists . 
  cdu/csu is the party for people who are actually not fit to live . 
  i live in germany so the current situation is already pretty bad . 
  it certainly does not look like it will change for the better anytime soon . 
  such a great feeling the knowledge that you will be financially raped by telcos for the coming decades . 
  but the actions themselves are also really really dumb . 
  like why are these people in parliament at all level dumb . 
  london does n't pay for itself . 
  looks like most people do n't care and i read a bunch of long snooze pieces about it . 
  tl ; dr : if this is passed we will get to pay more money to be able to watch netflix on the same shitty internet . 
  has n't everybody who 's young , smart and had the opportunity , left already ? 
  thank god he was n't rabid or a zombie or something . 
  almost government without cabinet membership does n't really count for anything . 
  have you seen those people and their ideas ? 
  but yeah the pvv is way crazier but at least they 've never been in government . 
  this show now is deservedly the talk show/satire king of the netherlands . 
  whatever you think of merkel it is unimaginable to replace her with whichever other member of the cdu/csu . 
  that party is a cess pool containing the worst of germany . 
  germans having fun with semantics . 
  the perennial classic . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  i do n't understand how people fleeing from war ( which i think is wholly legitimate ) fall in the same category as people who undergo targeted political persecution . 
  floating houses ( blocks instead of individual dwellings ) are an active area of exploration yes . 
  nl is an empty city not a crowded country . 
  amsterdam has plenty more space to expand on its outskirts . 
  tons of farmland that could be converted into houses . 
  the failure is one of spatial planning . 
  yeah , there 's a huge disincentive for anybody in power/with assets to improve the housing situation . 
  increased housing prices are a fake wealth that benefits only the few . 
  in a broader sense also seeing russia 's position on mh17 it is . 
  in any case it is going to be hard to separate the two issues so might as well use it to some advantage . 
  i do agree with geenpeil though that the way europe is organized and run is bullshit . 
  yeah , but jokes of the non-haha-variety are something of a russian specialty . 
  dutch politicians should simply say we 're doing this because of mh17 . 
  geenpeil would get wrecked in a heartbeat . 
  piece of shit ` news channel ' . 
  germans always think it 's something else . 
   oil executive 's youngest son honestly for doing that kind of work there he sort of deserves it . 
  he probably lived there forever and thought he was nice and cozy too . 
  sure , but why should they get it ? 
  more or less . 
  she is guilty of selling us out as chattel to corporate interests . 
  something that is well known and documented . 
  i know plenty of how the eu works . 
  the burden of proof to inform the people properly and show us they are not a bunch of corrupt assess lies solidly with them . 
  dismantle the fucking european project and put this woman in jail where she belongs .
