  a friend of us there had promised to take us to one of the nice brothels outside of town but there had been a government crackdown and that was not an option anymore . 
  not to sleep with the ladies but he said that it was entertaining to see and that as foreigners me and the americans i was there with would get a lot of positive attention . 
  so instead we did a quick tour of the various brothels in the city which was way more casual than i would imagine it to be . 
  the doormen just kept our bags while we could walk in , have a peek and then walk out again . 
  the inside arrangement was sort of a nightclub with tables and drinks being poured out and either the women dancing on the stage or in some cases the dudes dancing on the stage by themselves . 
  we did n't get into it enough to figure out why that is or to exactly explore the dynamic ( i think we can imagine something ) but it was kinda weird . 
  the prostitutes that work there would be either arab women and also a significant number of - my guess - girls from russian/ukrainian parts . 
  i would see them in the internet cafe with me calling their relatives over skype . 
  as far as normal relations between men and women go from the little i heard and saw from it it is kinda open among the liberal/affluent set . 
  not incredibly different from libanon or mediterranean europe . 
  i guess the classic `` take money or make money '' division would apply here as well . 
  they also have some large and weird brothels in the center of damascus ( i got a tour on my last visit ) . 
  maybe germany should also open up its society ( you know pass some of the reforms it tried to force on the greeks ) and fix its social mobility issues ? 
  fences/walls are a much needed stimulus for the struggling construction industry all over europe . 
  like the sicilian scene from true romance . 
  are they all geriatric now ? 
  they should fit right in . 
  only if he was black . 
  sure , then by all means get yourself a battery . 
  why would you need an emergency generator if you live in a city in germany ? 
  when have you last had a power cut ? 
  i 'm guessing since there are lots of mesoscale solar plants here that batteries at a somewhat larger scale may be more useful to catch surplus capacity and even out the load . 
  a battery in your home ? 
  more or less useless . 
  home batteries strike me as a deeply suburban solution . 
  in cities where most people rent , wo n't it be more efficient to let power companies solve this at a higher level ? 
  gta seems to be one of the pieces of western culture that are hugely influential in the middle east . 
  i do n't agree with most of what you wrote , but there is a differential of attachment here which makes me consider a conservative point of view for the first time in my life . 
  suppose europe turns to shit ( something we have already been well underway towards ) , then many of these people wo n't care . 
  they 'll just migrate to wherever the getting is good then . 
  and something tells me that countries like the usa or china wo n't be as welcoming as germany . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  i hope you are right and i 'm perfectly fine with an extra million people . 
  i 'm not sure what will happen though if we get these numbers year after year . 
  germany has an actual social underclass to place these people in . 
  that is why the rest of europe has issues because most countries at least nominally want to pretend there is a unity in their population . 
  germany up until recently had no minimum wage and there is tons of stuff to do for people without skills/education . 
  the native germans might get all bothered about this stuff but most studies show that they stand to gain by selling low level products and services these people and by controlling the means of production as they always have . 
  we should figure out some mega-scale social programs , house everybody and put them to work pronto . 
  i would say that a lot of problems would be solved if we started arming women . 
   \u10e6 is n't that a butt ? 
  reminds me , i need to eat georgian again soon . 
  the best i ate here in berlin was at a russian fusion restaurant while the meal at an actual georgian place did n't really live up to the expectations . 
  i would like to visit and things could be great , but it looks like you are somewhat geopolitically handicapped . 
  they 're prisoners . 
  they do n't get to say , right ? 
  sure and that may be what makes it compatible with germany . 
  this country 's economy is built on the exploitation of the social economic underclass . 
  those people will engage in activities that will increase the whole of the economy but i do n't see that reducing inequality much . 
  i 'll have no problems with immigrants ( i 'm highly skilled and live in the center of berlin ) but those poor bastards protesting may have a point . 
  turns out one of [ the environmental groups ] ( https://www.vn.nl/belegt-natuurmonumenten-nu-wel-of-niet-duurzaam/ ) in the netherlands had their cash reserves stored in fossil fuel derivatives . 
  they did n't think it odd but probably also lacked much capacity for thinking . 
  every significantly large group is more interested in its own continued existence than than actually solving the problem they are supposed to . 
  environmentalists against nuclear fusion ? 
  really !, 
  also what i 'm told is that professors in germany are an immovable cohort who have pulled up the ladder , making german academia an even worse pyramid scheme than most . 
  would france be a donor or a receiver in this scheme ? 
  i heard anecdotal stories that humanities classes at leiden include serious amounts of work . 
  where at other universities many people wo n't even bother to do their reading ... 
  i 'm guessing for nl : leiden university & delft university of technology , but it 's hard since the quality level is uniformly high all around . 
  also 90 % of an university education is dealing with shit like this and having the tenacity to see it through until the end . 
  whatever you actually learn is usually negligible or not particularly difficult ( and i 'm saying this as a tu graduate ) . 
  so the administration wants new students , but the professors do n't . 
  the result is of course amazing . 
  from my understanding being a phd will also often be an unpaid position . 
  i know the dutch ones have been where their incentives mostly are : churning out degrees , racing in the rankings and being an investment vehicle for real estate . 
  most of this stems from the fact that german academia has n't been financialized to the extent of the anglo-saxon ones . 
  that creates a lack of money , wrong incentives , outdated everything and a production of knowledge nobody outside of germany gives a shit about . 
  on the other hand : affordable higher education !, 
  most of this stuff sounds fairly standard for studying in most parts of europe and should be survivable . 
  what i find always stupid to the point of suicidal are people who do a phd in germany which with the ` work ethic ' here usually is 5-7 years of underpaid agony . 
  people are used to danish people saying stuff like this ? 
  also they do n't need to give a shit about the rest of europe do they ? 
  the way this splits the left into a position where they need to accept the dissolution of the nation state is quite striking . 
  turkey would have joined the war anyway as a consequence of england 's middle eastern ambitions . 
  a peace to end all peace is clear that britain wanted to side against the ottoman empire already . 
  not really . 
  the staples of the street are falafel , hummus , massabah and chicken . 
  totally different game . 
  it 's both and the two do n't meet . 
  at least somebody will have gotten a nice construction contract . 
  many people and institutions implicitly or explicitly propagate the idea that germany does not have a right-wing problem . 
  in the meantime there are bomb threats against the spd headquarters in berlin . 
  this does not add up but maybe most germans are incapable of seeing this ? 
  police registration is a measure of control . 
  if they do n't register anybody on the right despite frequent attacks , that indicates a bias . 
  and i do find it worrisome to be living in a country where the state ( implicitly ) sponsors right wing terrorism . 
  there seem to be vastly [ different measures ] ( https://www.taz.de/!5222409/ ) when it comes to state violence perpetrated against activists from both sides of the political spectrum . 
  downvoted by the nazis ? 
  that is awfully close to berlin . 
  it turns out the right can do this and way worse and get away with it . 
  if the left only gives a peep , they are arrested by a bazillion police . 
  makes you wonder what german government consists of . 
  a monarchy is strung together from exceptionalism . 
  i 'm not saying it 's likely , but it 's definitely possible . 
  unemployment ? 
  i do n't think my friends on the left are ok with no more nation state whatever they 're calling for right now . 
  and letting everybody move freely will kinda destroy/transform the nation state as we are used to it . 
  copyright indistinguishable from fascism . 
  you entitled piece of shit .
