  free speech does n't mean people should be forced to listen to your crap . 
  moscow is n't europe and london 's mayor at least champions bicycles . 
  we 're not retards like people in the u.s. ? 
  nl : we invented it . 
  i now live in berlin which sort of is the idiot capital of europe when it comes to this . 
  we 've been doing that forever . 
  it does n't work . 
  well , it is not meant to be implemented literally but to nudge thinking into new directions . 
  japan has tons of empty houses . 
  it 's just their attitude that 's the problem . 
  why not ? 
  i did n't say it was going to be easy . 
  also this is n't about asylum seekers but about all new entrants : whether they flee from instability and dictatorship caused by european powers or whether they are looking for economic opportunity which europe has plenty of for some reason . 
  for sure . 
  sweden could take a break . 
  the novel basis would be historic justice . 
  does n't that sound like a plan ? 
  you guys have lost , you just do n't realize it yet . 
  at least if this messes with saudi arabia and russia , it 's all good . 
  shit is going to turn starship troopers sometime soon . 
  do these people have passports ? 
  i do n't believe for one second that those marines were coincidentally there . 
  if you put security everywhere you have already lost . 
  we do n't want to live in a militarized police state like you do . 
  why would you refuse to learn a language ? 
  private developers are no solution to the housing problem because they need to make market margins . 
  liberalizing housing codes and allowing people ( alone or in groups ) to build their own houses is a far better option . 
  the real solution is to increase the supply in two ways : - let the state build vast quantities of high quality social housing . 
  - allow people to build whatever kind of dwellings they actually want to live in on plots of land . 
  there 's no taboo on it . 
  women are just expected to give it away for free . 
  germany is the only economically viable country in the eu by their own desire . 
  maybe it 's right that they get all of the influx as well ? 
  seriously this place already is an immigration country and berlin is a mess . 
  maybe best just to accept it and see where to go from there . 
  i think we should actually open calais and send them all to london . 
  they want to go there anyway and good riddance to the uk . 
  calling slander like that is a fairly weak debating technique . 
  granted all that but still : - german courts are not known for their reasonableness or their understanding of the digital world . 
  - the chilling effects of all of this urheber crap taken together are huge . 
  what 's wrong with the fact that these people died ? 
  was n't that the point ? 
  of course this wo n't end it . 
  this is the point of it . 
  is n't it part of the tradition that it 's dangerous ? 
  which means it would become a fairly tame affair without a bunch of deaths each year . 
  what 's amazing in this day and age is that there 's video available now of most of these incidents . 
  if anybody has a handy compilation available of all of them , let me know . 
  what was shocking to me mostly was the pure squalor of the circumstances in small town spain . 
  nothing uplifting about it : just a bunch of people getting drunk , poorly dressed and misbruikt . 
  it has been mentioned that these people deserved to die because they participated willingly in an activity that they knew was incredibly dangerous . 
  let 's admit it , it would n't have been as much fun if it was n't dangerous . 
  the old european left is ideologically bankrupt and has no idea what to do with the strange bedfellows their half-assed beliefs net them . 
  how is that a defense against planes crashing into it ? 
  their country should give them a budget that is commensurate with the cost of living there . 
  if they ca n't , maybe they should n't have an embassy at all ? 
  you 're from scandinavia , all the countries on the list are failed states . 
  why would that need to be a massive incident ? 
  are these people all pussies ? 
  i saw them every morning from the douche that was parked in our fire-entrance driveway . 
  well , russia , china and lithuania are definitely in mitte . 
  this explains a lot about why i 'm almost being killed on my bike every day in berlin/mitte . 
  who would have thought the russians would be so well behaved ? 
  i now understand the german understanding for russia . 
  this is genius !, 
  how dumb are these people ? 
  the real crime is n't the violence but that their country would have itself be represented by people this stupid . 
  also russians really like to let bygones be bygones when it comes to the ussr . 
  i wonder why ... 
  turkey : 12 points !, 
  maybe at least biometrically record everybody coming in ? 
  do they already give finger prints or iris scans ? 
  macedonia should seize this opportunity for a rebranding and get something timeless but also dank enough for perpetual meme-ing . 
  right now i ca n't bring myself to care about macedonia one way or another . 
  i 've found finnish people to be some of the most agreeable drunk people i ever met ( this after a night in kallio ) . 
  what do you expect in scandinavia ... i 'm a dutch msc and i wo n't move there because i 'm realistic about both . 
  i would settle for a more progressive/advanced social democracy , but in the current climate that for instance already would make me a socialist . 
  i was in small town turkey a month or so ago and there was lots of talk about refugees ( m\u00fclteci ) being around . 
  i did n't get to see them . 
  it seems they are being exploited as cheap labor and they get to rent properties that others do n't want . 
  good stuff !, 
  you can be critical about whatever you want but being a racist cunt makes you a part of the problem not the solution . 
  he 's not talking about communism . 
  being failed is not an absolute measure but should be measured compared to its neighbors . 
  in that comparison belgium is very much a failed state . 
  great !, 
  piracy is good because it increases the consumer surplus . 
  stupid policies , stupid conservatism . 
  after cremation you still have to do something with the remains . 
  but is n't it plain stupid to use the political asylum system and due process for people who are either war or economic refugees ? 
  the system ca n't handle it . 
  i 'm no psychologist but i guess this is an overreaction stemming from the fact that they are the blackest part of switzerland . 
  who would trust the belgian government with taking these kind of decisions competently ? 
  how is this not a failed state ? 
  edit : states are failed in comparison to their neighbors . 
  this is by no means an absolute scale . 
  it is definitely a failed state compared to its neighbors . 
  also consider the people at politico who because of their jobs have to work/live in the absurdist nightmare that is brussels . 
  i offer my sympathies and think this article is fairly balanced considering . 
  this guy is a bit too high on his own rhetoric .
