there is a version called willhelm ( spelling changes ) but in this case , it is actually `` william '' . 
  they will not allow all names . 
  what do you mean ? 
  [ h&m was founded 1947 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hennes_and_mauritz ) which was the previous century . 
  also [ ikea 1943 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ikea ) . 
  the list is endless . 
  yes , that was exactly my point . 
  mobile data is much more expensive now than 1 or 2 years ago . 
  i think you may get an iphone 5s with those 599 at telenor now but that 's still 150 sek more than you paid a year ago ... :(, 
  looking at their website , i ca n't see any 10gb contract below 599 sek per month . 
  am i missing something ? 
  which operator is that ? 
  yeah mobile bandwidth has gotten expensive in sweden as of late . 
  now most smartphone contracts are limited to 1gb , and you have to pay a lot more if you want more data . 
  so this contract is in line with other swedish contracts right now . 
  and sweden . 
  they cost about 2-2 .50 sek now , or $ 0.25 . 
  the demand is just a lot higher than the construction companies can build . 
  also , it 's hard to build cheap housing due to a lot of regulations , so the construction companies generally build expensive apartments for sale , not for rent . 
  that makes it difficult for students or poorer people ( e g migrants ) to get anywhere affordable to live . 
  this is all in the cities . 
  if you are willing to move to a smaller town the situation is often a lot better . 
  cheaper housing , more available apartments and actually pretty good public transportation into the cities . 
  but it 's kind of a status symbol in sweden to not have to commute very far . 
  living in a small town is looked down upon i 'm some circles , and some people are just lazy . 
  stockholm is a bit special though , as it 's quite a big city geographically . 
  if you would live in a town outside of stockholm and take the train in every morning it would be a long commute . 
  so the demand for housing inside the city is way higher than what can reasonably be built . 
  i 'm swedish , and i agree with all of / u/giacintoscelsi 's points . 
  sometimes clich\u00e9s are true , stereotypes usually have some basis in reality . 
  interesting . 
  it seems iraq , syria and somalia are the countries increasing . 
  because he was a bad minister , but also because he associated with fascist turks and seems to have been an islamist in general . 
  google `` mehmet kaplan '' if you want to read up on it . 
  agreed . 
  i was talking about nationality , not ethnicity . 
  this whole post ( re eurovision ) is about the nation of romanian being excluded , not about any ethnic group . 
  mean ? 
  our streets are riddled with beggars from romania and bulgaria . 
  it 's getting quite annoying . 
  it takes place in sweden this year , right ? 
  then there will be plenty of romanians sitting at on each street corner anyway , so they 'll be around if anyone needs them to sing . 
  of course . 
  but please tell the swedish press that . 
  yes , but not in sweden . 
  swedish media often write about denmark as a country run by the extreme right . 
  gender in a scientific way maybe but you 'd never say someone has a `` genus '' . 
  they have a `` k\u00f6n '' . 
  sweden does n't have separate words for sex and gender , it 's the same word for both : k\u00f6n . 
  note : the act of sex ( as in intercourse ) is another word : sex, 
  yeah `` rescued '' is an interesting choice of words . 
  would they have chosen `` captured '' if it was a man ? 
  yep . 
  good looking out , norway . 
  i 'm a swede and i think i might follow some of these tips . 
  we need friends , too !, 
  and it 's almost as hard for us to make new friends as it is for expats . 
  we often do n't make a distinction . 
  a lot of the time , we do n't want to speak to * anyone * we do n't know . 
  yeah stockholm syndrome is n't that strange here when you think about it . 
  if you do n't have any friends , of course * any * attention from * anyone * could make you like them . 
  i am not half-brazilian but a full-on swede , and i fully agree with these points . 
  i am introverted and like being alone , but the fact that i do n't have many friends also makes me very lonely at times . 
  it 's saturday evening now , i just watched sicario and i am drinking some beer alone with my cat . 
  it 's a nice saturday but it would n't hurt to have a big group of likeminded friends to hang out with a night like this . 
  i only have a small group of friends that are still in my city or near it , and most of them have kids and houses now so there 's not a lot of social activities anymore . 
  it 's not like in the uk where you could go to a pub alone and make new friends . 
  i have heard that it can be done in sweden , but i do n't believe it and i do n't feel like trying only to walk home alone after a couple hours . 
  thanks , yoda . 
  i have a job that i would probably keep without issues , but some do n't . 
  see [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/40dc1w/swedish_police_covered_up_abuse_at_festival/cytr70r?context=9 ) by / u/strimlarn for real-life examples . 
  you have a point . 
  if ones friends do n't tolerate you , you should get new friends . 
  do n't know about op , but if it did n't put me in danger of losing my job and friends i would do it . 
  if you find the episode of uppdrag granskning called det goda v\u00e5ldet ( the good violence ) then watch it . 
  it has all that and more . 
  the second check ( at hyllie ) is on board the train . 
  you just have to sit ( or stand ) there any wait for the police to complete their checks . 
  of course , there are no such scanners at these borders . 
  and it 's only the passports that have this , other forms of id still needs to be scanned manually . 
  also , you do n't `` scan your ticket to get on the train '' . 
  you just get on the train and the conductor checks your ticket during the journey . 
  i 'm scanian , born and raised . 
  would n't mind belonging to denmark instead of sweden . 
  i like their politics more , and also their food and general `` hygge '' . 
  we are also closer to the danish capital which could give us more power to decide our future . 
  plus , the weather forecast from dmi is always more accurate than the one from smhi . 
  you need to change trains at the copenhagen airport ( where the first id check takes place ) , then board the train across the bridge . 
  the train then stops at hyllie for a second id check , by swedish police . 
  then the train can leave hyllie station . 
  having to change trains and pass two id checks takes way more than 5 minutes . 
  it 's in the article . 
  also the \u00d6resundst\u00e5g will now stop at kastrup ( cph airport ) , not continue to copenhagen . 
  so it will be more difficult travelling to/from copenhagen even using those trains . 
  as a malm\u00f6 resident i 'm just shaking my head at the moment . 
  i know several people commuting daily across the bridge , and i enjoy going over to copenhagen once in a while especially since it 's so easy . 
  that 's all going to change now . 
  there will no longer be the same close feeling of community between malm\u00f6 and copenhagen going forward . 
  why ca n't eu just close its borders outward now , so we wo n't have to close the internal borders to our neighbors ? 
  and why ca n't swedish politicians stop inviting so many immigrants ?
