your point of view is valid . 
  in my oppinion however it indeed was a debacle . 
  reason is this elections was the most favorable environment possible for wilders : post brexit , post trump , with the turks fueling the racism vibe with all other simalrly minded politicians in europe being given all the attention by the media and the eu in their lowest hours . 
  and even with all this favourable wind on their tail , they got irrelevant . 
  they missed their chance . 
  they wont achieve a remotely similar result in a very long time . 
  edit : typos . 
  well played . 
  nailed it . 
  here , take my upvote . 
  this . 
  sittuation is such that : - the right moment for making important decisions is never because < input whatever national issue happening/going to happen soon in one or more countries  . 
  - there are so many voices and oppinions that it is impossible to make everyone happy . 
  full acclamation consensus among 27 countries is impossible and a no longer valid strategy . 
  it is time for leaders to lead . 
  thankfully followers are not required to follow if not willing to . 
  fuck the * remain * voters in * uk * then ? 
   knows how to do it no he does not . 
  so can somebody eli5 why certain countries express such a direct oposition to this idea of some countries integrating a different speed ? 
  would this multi-speed scheme not imply that the `` lower-speed '' countries would retain all current rights just not acquire the additional rights that may come from other integration areas ? 
  for something that `` will never work '' , it is remarkable that it has been running for some good 16 years now ... just saying . 
   wait until latin american countries get rid of corruption and crime would ` nt hold my breath ... 
  ok you win , french is the lingua franca of most corrupt mafia russian businessmen meetings . 
   so she ( like many other catalans ) preferred to leave it like this even though it does n't reflect their real name . 
  man , again , sorry this exampe is about your gandma who i am sure is a fantastic person , but she `` preferred to leave it like it is '' so it is pretty much her choice . 
  she has the chance to change it . 
  the porcess is bureaucratic for anyone seeking to change names , not only catalans so there is no discrimination at all . 
  like in this instance , i have see many `` oppression '' examples portrayed by independentists to be exaggerated and manipulative . 
  it does not help defend your point . 
  gerard , and in all honesty , do you not see the opportunistic risks this definition presents for the neutrality of this decision ? 
  practically anyone can vote regardless of their `` catalan '' identity which allegedly is the basis for this referendum . 
  anyone enabled to vote for the parliament ( and qualifying for that is extremely easy ) . 
  so the real reasons a big percentage of voters will vote is not catalanism , catalan language or catalan culture ... it will be the opportunity to earn a new status on a new western country expecting benefits for it . 
  independentist politicians are supporting it to increase their power share . 
  this invalidates the source cause ( which by the way did not exists in the first place ) and therefore invalidates the referendum . 
   unless you are a catalan for the purpose of the discussion let 's say i agree ( i dont ! ), 
  then , who qualifies to be a catalan ? 
  surely you have read this article : http://www.politico.eu/article/catalonia-independence-spain-immigration-the-new-catalans/  where i ca n't vote to anything related with your region or city . 
  this is wrong . 
  if you come live in my city you can vote for city council , run for mayor and also for the regional government and run for president of the regional government . 
   same happened with scotland referendum . 
  scotland is a country and it has never ceased to be a country . 
  they decided to join the united kingdom and seems reasonable that they can leave . 
  castille and aragon merged ( not conquered or forced ) to form spain in the 15th century and have been the same country ever since . 
   quebec referendum ( only quebec voted , not canada ) . 
  this is the most relevant example that you can use without any invalidating arguments but , of course , the fact that canadians are generally great people , does not mean they can not be wrong and i will argue that they took an unfair decision by letting quebec have a referendum in such terms . 
  this is one key point that is consistently ignored . 
  i am spanish , i have rights regarding catalonia ( same as catalonians have on the rest of spain ) . 
  however apparently it is up to the catalonians to decide if i get stripped of such rights or not . 
  also , who gets the `` catalonian '' tag ? 
  first gen inmigrants ? 
  people born in catalonia ? 
  if i lived in catalonia for years and now live elsewhere in spain , do i have the right to vote ? 
  sorry but simple independence is a no-no . 
  convince the rest of spain , tell us what we get in exchange for surrendering our rights and then lets hold a country wide vote . 
  anything else will go nowhere ... or somewhere no one wants to go ... 
  it is not the end of the world but it is a very interesting event in that the balance of economic power will change and the eu27 will have chances of taking a share of what the uk has in some economic sectors . 
  uk being out of the eu is good overall for them and eu . 
  everyone should be happy about it . 
  now additionally there is the conomic shif game which is very fun to see how it unfolds . 
  a majority of people in the uk want to leave and the share is greater today than when it was voted . 
  even for those who want to stay , their understanding of the eu is purely economical and utilitaristic . 
  brexit made right what had been wrong for a long time . 
  britons do not want the more integration route and should they have stayed they would have been a continuous obstacle for the rest of the eu which desires closer cooperation and integration . 
  no idea how it will work for the uk long term ( hope well ) but this was clearly a win for the eu long term . 
  i hope it is not allowed to reverse . 
   threatening with suppressing our language and culture every other day . 
  not that there are no other full blown lies in what you wrote but this , seriously ? 
  this is way down in this thread but anyone reading this , please inform yourselves about the policies of protection of catalan language in spain . 
  a glimpse : it would be had for me to find schools where spanish is the mian learning langguage if i where to move to catalonia from the south of spain . 
  95 % of schools in catalonia teach in catalan as the main language ( meaning most clases are tough in catalan and only two or three subjects are tought in spanish . 
  so much for threatening to supress your language . 
  seriously , it is the catalonian government who is supressing spanish lanugage in catalonia . 
  what if 3 towns around where you live declarwe themselves independent ? 
  what if those 3 towns there are some public services you and your neighbours partially paid with your taxes , and now you can not access thos public services because they unilaterally declared themselves independent ? 
  also , `` occupier '' ? 
  this is the 21st century , pal . 
  catalonia and castille united to become spain in the 15th century and yes , like in many other coutries in the world and all across history , we have agreed and disagreed about things and have had better and worse times but today both entities are integrated and parts of the same thing . 
  spain does not opress catalonia . 
  catalonia has rights to their own identity that surpass not only most other self government across the world but also common sense if you ask me . 
  poloticians in catalonia whant more power , catalonia wants to not have to contribute in solidarity with the rest of regions in spain . 
  full stop . 
  the rest of the international comunity sees this and this is why they have repeatedly said they are not entitled to self determination under international law . 
   if parts of the country want to take away property from it they need to have consent of the majority of spain this is a key point for me . 
  being a spanish citizen i have rights regarding the public spaces in catalonia , rights of residency , healthcare , working rights , etc , regardless of where i live ( same works the other way around ofc ) . 
  now people living in catalonia right now will decide , without my consent if they take away those rights from me and this i do not think it acceptable . 
  btw who is entitled to vote ? 
  who is a `` catalonian '' ? 
  someone that arrived last month ? 
  all inmigrants that will vote yes just to have a new nationality in a western country ? 
  last time it included inmigrants from other parts of the world and everyone older than 16 . 
  if a referendum was to take place then it must include the whole country as people will have to agree or disagree to surrender their current rights or not . 
  it would obviously never happen . 
  catalonia is not a warzone , it is not a repressed region , in catalonia it is difficult to find school for my children where spanish is the main language as catalan is the main language for learning . 
  catalonia is the fucking rich guy playing the poor orphan role and they are not fooling anyone . 
  i hate these filthy neutrals kif !, 
  with enemies you know where they stand but with neutrals ? 
  who knows !, 
  it sickens me . 
  having a mediocre weed quality is a good example of core value of the european people .
