really ? 
  do you remember how bail-outs etc were delayed and conditions made harsher in the run-up to german elections . 
  it 's just realpolitik . 
  the conservative government is demented in the way it is generating arguments it knows it can not win , such as free movement of citizens . 
  brussels was stupid with its politically tone-deaf/provocative way of imposing these charges . 
  we are ruled by idiots , my european brothers and sisters . 
  these indices always come up with geneva , oslo or some other orderly place as the most liveable but no fucker wants to live there because they 're boring . 
  london 's population is young , ever-changing and dynamic and its openness is its best asset . 
  well , the french have the academie francaise , a committee of old farts who wear silly costumes to decide new words . 
  such as most of london , for example . 
  everyone should calm down . 
  name * one time * when an austrian has caused problems through their bonkers ideas on race . 
  i thought spain was supposed to be devaluing , with lower prices , wages and costs reflecting its real level of wealth , which had been artificially held high by the euro . 
  these adjustments will help its export - and tourism-driven recovery , no ? 
  yes sorry i was responding to several points in one go , including shuai 's rather more hawkish stance . 
  but for federalisation to occur , it would likely be against the wishes of much of the population of europe . 
  the netherlands voted against the constitution , as did france . 
  sentiment in germany is less favourable towards further integration . 
  thus a european army , supported by federalisation , would be driven by global strategic motivations , rather than democratic will of the people , rather like the soviet union . 
  the west is steamrollering putin 's back yard . 
  he just lost another buffer state . 
  calm heads are needed . 
  given that 0.08 % of the danish population died in ww2 , perhaps you should visit a few war graves before banging the drums of war . 
  good point . 
  one thing i learned when throwing people out of pubs was that you must let them leave with their pride intact , unless you enjoy fighting . 
  if you humiliate them on their way out , they will lash out as they have little left to lose . 
  putin is like an old boxer , drunk in a pub . 
  his `` friends '' fear him and everyone wants him out , but if you embarrass him or try to subdue him through force , he 'll take a swing . 
  if you let him make a few threats and growl a little on his way out , the same result can be achieved with less trouble . 
  fair enough . 
  i never realised the level of division between yugoslavia and the ussr . 
  yes , we could call it the soviet union . 
  and to ensure unity , we could `` liberate '' any members who wish to leave . 
  the eu is growing because we leave our door open , remain peaceful and free and people want to join . 
  if we invade crimea to take control of a reluctant local population , just to win back territory from russia , then we are no different to russia or the us . 
  think about the territory or influence that the eu has `` won '' through peaceful means , including most of ukraine in the last few weeks . 
  russia has lost control of estonia , croatia , slovenia , hungary , slovakia , bulgaria , slovakia , czech republic , poland , latvia , lithuania , romania and east germany . 
  to paraphrase kruschev , we will rule europe by invitation . 
  the crimean population wants to be with russia , let it . 
  let putin swing his dick in his shrinking world , his pride is wounded and we are in his backyard . 
  he knows he has lost another big country . 
  look at the big picture , and the tectonic plates continue to shift favourably for the free and peaceful countries of the west . 
  although churchull said , `` the best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter , '' he also said `` many forms of government have been tried , and will be tried in this world of sin and woe . 
  no one pretends that democracy is perfect or all-wise . 
  indeed , it has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried from time to time . '', 
  this requires little interpretation . 
  incidentally , you have a very condescending and sarcastic tone , to which people do not respond well . 
  your superior air does not entirely reflect your analytical ability . 
  i think your downvotes reflect this more than your actual opinions . 
  a few seconds digestion of his comment would enable someone of average intellect to garner what churchill was saying . 
  i wish you the best of luck . 
  he still argued for democracy , this one is seeking to avoid it . 
  you are infused with an optimism that intervention could achieve positive results , whereas i am not . 
  i think that difference will remain . 
  well i 've got to do some work , so have a nice weekend . 
  give us an example of how the eu could help the protesters , and the long term ramifications of said action . 
  no military action would ever be taken , we all know that , so that leaves economic sanctions . 
  who would step in with gas money ? 
  the `` something must be done '' attitude leads to ill-thought-out short termist actions , the great game is centuries old , and must be played thus . 
  as a separate point , iran has been a shit sandwich for decades precisely because of ham-fisted intervention by the us and uk . 
  but the situation in ukraine is a delicately balanced democracy teetering between the east and west . 
  if sanctions , as desired by the hawkish ambassador , were applied , local public opinion would be turned against the eu . 
  this would be a gift to putin . 
  this is n't a little tinpot dictatorship that can be batted about by parking an aircraft carrier off its coast . 
  as long as ukraine remains a democracy , the eu can play the long game , presenting a freer more prosperous alternative just over the border . 
  it is n't as exciting as sabre rattling , but i think we just have to accept that we ca n't stop every bit of internal strife , distressing as the all-new tv pictures are , through the projection of hard power . 
  let the us keep using its stick with iran , iraq , cuba , north korea and so on , variously using sanctions , threats of bombs and bombs . 
  let the eu keep its using its carrot , as it has with a whole host of former soviet republics , such as estonia , latvia , lithuania , slovakia , croatia , czech republic , hungary , poland , romania and slovenia . 
  offering the choice of prosperity and freedom if you follow a set of rules seems to work better than threats and punishment if you do n't . 
  building permits are easy to get . 
  construction zones are not being utilised because prices are depressed and demand is weak , among the french and other european typical property buyers . 
  you can pick up a few thousand metres with cu for very little in many parts of the country . 
  thanks . 
  it is time to come clean, 
  i only added my flare to clarify after he/she made the comment . 
  i live in france ... 
  yes . 
  what i particularly like about it is the fact that it takes turns to target every group , left wing , right wing , old , young , english , scottish , european , rich , poor , artists , other publications etc. 
  every day a particular group is saying `` normally i like the daily mash but this article ... '' i think this means it is doing its job well . 
  aw , are we really that bad ? 
  rest of europe wants referendum * on * britain . 
  sigh, 
  local distribution is not a global market . 
  you ca n't move a retail distribution centre so far . 
  even in a small country like the uk , amazon has eight fulfilment centres . 
  if it were car manufacturing , maybe . 
  ( sorry for repeating what i said further up ), 
  you ca n't move a retail distribution centre so far . 
  even in a small country like the uk , amazon has eight fulfilment centres . 
  if it were car manufacturing , maybe . 
  but it is effectively a shop , and has to be where its customers are . 
  good luck to them . 
  ~ ~ do you have source other than the company for germany ? ~ ~ ~ ~ additionally , ~ ~ i would dispute your notion that unskilled labour rightly comes with minimum pay . 
  amazon workers are pushed harder than many others to meet targets . 
  there can be different levels within unskilled labour . 
  good on them . 
  unlike manufacturing , there is no need for any country to accept shitty conditions/blackmail about subsidised sites etc on the threat of moving operations elsewhere . 
  retail distribution centres have to be in the destination market for all but the tiniest countries . 
  amazon can make a decent profit and offer low prices while still paying decent wages and paying its taxes . 
  you have simply altered what you were arguing .
