  certainly nothing more nefarious than that . 
  i guess it 's time for kenya to invade britain now . 
  edit : woah !, 
  it was a joke . 
  you people scare me . 
  well that one got derailed by a war . 
  what are you referring to ? 
  edit : for clarification : i 'm not accusing denmark of being or acting like a part of the us . 
  i 'm accusing the us of acting like it is . 
  ah yes . 
  the 51st state of the union . 
  how and when do we tell the americans to piss off and stop trying to enforce their local laws outside of their jurisdiction ? 
  this applies to any syrians who manage to make it to sweden . 
  getting here will be on them . 
  yeah in my mind he is like the bad guy in mi4 , trying to stirr up trouble and get a war going . 
   one of swedens oldest boardingschools ( lundsberg ) had to close due to problems with hazing culture that they school didnt take seriously . 
  so many delicious rich people tears over that whole incident . 
  that moscow researcher is insane . 
  that list of actions will just screw everything up on the world scene . 
  of course they did . 
  it should be obvous by now that they do what they want and dont give a crap . 
  `` the important thing here is that i installed those cameras in your house to protect you from burglars . 
  clearly i 'm doing this for your benefit '', 
  very interresting . 
  i wonder what the fallout will be . 
  will they eventually move to a professional military service like sweden did a few years ago ? 
  everyone has something to hide . 
  even the most innocent things about you can be turned against you by a determined foe if they know everything you have said and done . 
  it really is eerily similar to the stories you hear from ex-neo-nazis or people who have escaped from cults . 
  that 's ... what he said ... 
  yes . 
  but it 's still not a riot . 
  not even nearly . 
  i never said they were n't criminals . 
  so what you are saying is that shoving all the poor immigrants into the same area usually ends badly ? 
  welcome to socio-economics 101 . 
  you need a critical amount of people first . 
  there are no ghettos like this in norrland . 
  besides i 'm pretty sure trashing and burning cars is the local friday night activity of choice in the norrland countryside . 
  a few arsonists are burning things . 
  it 's not because they are immigrants . 
  poor people in marginalized areas have done this kind of shit pretty much every decade . 
  white people , black people , brown people , immigrants , swedes . 
  it does n't matter . 
  an the city is perfectly safe . 
  i live here . 
  if i did n't read reddit i would hardly know anything about these so called riots . 
  it 's a complete non-event . 
  it 's only people like you sitting in other countries reading the shitty news and right wing blogs that think there is anything more than a small crime spree going on . 
  [ but i guess you 'd have to come from some violent foreign culture and have brown skin to be able to riot , right ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypjms4vfa9g ), 
  yeah . 
  they are that way because they have nothing better to do and like the feeling of power that it gives them . 
  also i do n't like that they call this a riot . 
  [ this is a riot ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypjms4vfa9g ) . 
  what is going on in stockholm is more like serial arson . 
  it 's not even a riot . 
  just punks sneaking around burning cars . 
  you are thinking about it the wrong way . 
  it 's not a demonstration . 
  they are not in the streets facing off with the police . 
  if they were it would have been put down by now . 
  instead it 's 50 or so punks that think they are being heroes for sneaking around , lighting cars on fire and then running away before the police gets there . 
  then when the fire department shows up they throw a few rocks and run off again . 
  basically some kind of demented guerilla warfare for idiots . 
  very hard to catch the and very irritating . 
  running around a neighbourhood throwing firebombs is not exactly difficult . 
  set one on fire in a full parking lot and you can even get a chain reaction going . 
  seriously 50 people could do a lot more damage than 70 cars if they were competent or determined . 
  i think you have me confused with a danish person :-), 
   no , danish people do n't actually see sweden as the `` older brother '' -- that 's one of very few exclusively swedish things . 
  well yes . 
  that 's what i was getting at . 
  well norway definitely suffers from `` little brother syndrome '' in regards to us . 
  but you guys were historically rivals rather than pawns so i think you have always had a measure of grudging respect from sweden . 
  sometimes denmark was the richer and more powerful nation . 
  sometimes it was sweden . 
  you guys ruled us once . 
  we invaded you a bunch of times etc. 
  ( apparently we are the two countries in recorded history who have had the most wars between us . ), 
  you somehow managed to trick us into taking sk\u00e5ne from you . 
  also you pulled a brilliant scam with \u00c4lvsborgs f\u00e4stning . 
  selling it to us 2-3 times and then shortly after taking it from us only to sell it back to us . 
  cant say i 'm proud of the intelligence level of the rulers at the time :p, 
  yeah it 's not like we 've managed to run one of the more successfull and cometitive economies in the world while doing a hell of a job with human rights and equality at the same time or anything . 
  your comment only betrays your complete lack of knowledge and understanding of history . 
  is it a bit smug to talk about and point it out ? 
  sure . 
  is it undeserved ? 
  not really . 
  well we all do that to some extent . 
  though most of us realize that scandinavia is basically identical with small local variations . 
  in sweden things like `` jantelagen '' and `` typiskt svenskt '' are used as derogatory remarks to dismiss the opponents argument rather than to proclaim some kind of national superiority . 
  the only people i ever hear talk about jantelagen are people being called out on being assholes . 
  most commonly some neo-rich person that to his horror discovers that he too has to pay taxes and fair wages to his employees etc. 
  instead of realizing that he has gained much from living in sweden and it is now time to give something back he will go on a spiel about `` jantelagen '' and how everyone is envious of his success etc. 
  before moving to london or some tax haven and then promptly loose all his new money etc. 
  i think a part of it is also older brother/younger brother syndrome . 
  sweden sees itself ( and is seen ) as the older brother due to our size and industrial base economy . 
  denmark is seen ( from our perspective ) as fairly equal but basically similar so not very interresting .
