  many are still assembled in sweden . 
  not all however . 
  i 've been traveling frequently between stockholm and barcelona the last couple of years . 
  this christmas season i flew with germanwings with a layover in d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  this feels weird as hell . 
  he is obviously talking about all the flight personel being extra on their toes and tripplechecking everything for a while because of the crash . 
  we are secretly running the world from our secret mind control machines . 
  this could easily be stockholm . 
  people have no shame . 
  it has half the population of the us . 
  it is geographically big but the vast majority of the population lives west of the ural, 
  the whole point of democracy is to be a little bit disapointing . 
  people complain that democracies are slow and compromise a lot . 
  this is a good thing . 
  a state that is hyperefficient and that can turn on a dime and go in a different direction is very bad for it 's people . 
  it means that if an extremist gets the reigns even for a second he/she can cause a lot of permanent damage . 
  hitler used the fluidity of the german system to get himself into the hotseat just long enough to start banning opposing parties and give himself emergency powers etc. 
  we like the idea of a strong leader because we hate to think or take responsibility . 
  democracy means we have to share the political space and compromise . 
  everyone who imagines a strong leader imagines a leader who aligns with their own political opinions . 
  in reality this is very rare . 
  you forget the anti-agression pact and the splitting of poland . 
  the ussr and nazi germany used each other to conquer other countries before the nazis finaly turned around and stabbed the ussr in the back . 
  there is a little bit of reaping what you sow in the story . 
  yupp . 
  if you read between the lines he is basically saying : `` screw you , i do what i want !, 
  and i do n't care what the consequences are for anyone else . '', 
  the debate is way too emotionaly charged to be able to be resolved in a rational manner . 
  to the environmentalists the wolf is an endagered species that must be allowed to remain in its natural habitat , regardless of the costs to the people who happen to live there . 
  to the hunters ( and lets face it it is mainly hunters who are opposed , them and the sami ) wolves are demonic hellbeasts from hades come to slaughter children and livestock and must be fought and killed wherever they can be found . 
  some hunters seem to have no problem with completely and utterly exterminating wolves . 
  when the two sides meet you get the current swedish `` debate '', 
  you are still arguing for government mandated thoughts and opinions . 
  you still havent explained how that does n't completely undermine the values of western society . 
  why are you so adamant that someone has to monitor opinions ? 
  once you open that door it is only going to open wider . 
  besides , it was the commies that registered and catalogued opinions in order to make sure every one had correct opinions about the state and the culture etc. 
  the moment you open up to applying these rules to immigrants you prepare the way for other groups to come in and demand similar treatment for nazis , rightwingers , leftwingers , religious people , pro-lifers , pro-choicers etc. 
  in the end you are talking about complete homogenization of all opinions , and the crushing of all dissent , in a nation , as decided by a committee ? 
  and you do n't see the horrible dystopia you are advocating for ? 
  and do n't imagine that you are such a special `` right-thinker '' that you will escape this . 
  the immigration official should not be asking about personal values . 
  they shuld be looking at criminal history . 
  we do n't have a concept of pre-crime in western civilization . 
  we accuse and convict criminals after they commit crimes . 
  not before . 
  ah yes . 
  i do n't forsee anything at all going wrong with this foray into thought regulation . 
  as we all know personal ethics and opinions are best decided by committee . 
  and who decides the criteria ? 
  so what you are looking for is some kind of thought-crime law ? 
  basically you have to hold state sanctioned opinions on a number of subjects in order to live in the country ? 
  i 'm not defending the opinions themselves . 
  i 'm opposing your wish for some kind of thought police at the border . 
  sweden has mandatory religion class in school . 
  it is posible to teach about religion without preaching it to the students . 
  having a class to learn about religions is positive as it combats ignorance and prejudice against others . 
  someone still butthurt ? 
  want to cry about it ? 
  and if you are extra unlucky his presidency will be bookended by a republican idiot on both sides , which is going to make him stand out in a positive way in the historybooks , kind of how bill clinton does now . 
  what ? 
  two people over the age of consent are having sex . 
  what is the problem ? 
  the age of consent i sweden is 15 . 
  it 's not legal to marry at that age , but it is legal to cohabitate or have sex at that age . 
  makes it a tricky gray area . 
  and i think you vastly underestimate them . 
  sa and the uae are both countries that pay for everything with oil proceeds . 
  every tax haven is a huge exception in some way and it is a pipe dream to imagine that the whole world could operate like them without imploding economically . 
  have a look at the tax havens of the world : monaco , luxemburg , andorra , cayman islands etc. 
  what do they have in common ? 
  they are tiny countries ( and by tiny i mean barely city sized ) with extremely strict citizenship rules . 
  basically unless you are already rich you ai n't getting in . 
  buying a house there is imposible because all the land is onwned by rich people or corporations and the prices are extremely high . 
  this means they do n't have to have any kind of social welfare etc. 
  as anyone who becomes poor gets priced out of the housing market and has to leave . 
  so a small amount of rich people and virtually no poor people means they can drop taxes very low . 
  a large country cant simply copy their tactic as their tactic is n't sustainable accross a diverse population . 
  if france acts like a tax haven they will tank their economy within a year as they will not get enough revenue to keep up essential services . 
  tax havens are not sustainable . 
  they are a local minimum that can ony exist because larger countries pick up their slack . 
  larger countries are very pissed at them for this reason . 
  it does if it 's a small country and all the rich people buy a house there to benefit from the low taxes . 
  crank up property prices and kick out the poor people ? 
  somehow that does n't seem like it 's viable . 
  yes but it is probably processed in hungary or romania or something like that . 
  there are lots of similar cases in the food industry . 
  shipping things around is so cheap that it makes economic sense to send apples from europe to china just to have them waxed and sent back . 
  tax havens only exist because they are small and can jack up property values until no one who isnt rich can live there . 
  they essentially offload all the social costs that bigger nations have onto their neighbour . 
  large nations cant act like tax havens without running a monstrous deficit, 
  i 'm just saying that someone that is complaining about freeloaders should not also be essentially freeloading with a calculated plan to not pay back . 
  and no there is no way he has earned enough money yet to pay off his studies in taxes . 
  not unless he had a clucurative career and then went back to school as a 40 year old or something . 
  so how is the average joe in syria going to go about `` making his country a better place '' in the current situation ? 
  just pointing out hypocricy . 
  the same person will no doubt be complaining about `` economic migrants '' whilst planning to migrate for economical reasons . 
  i 'm explaining the thought process of people who thing immigrants are `` stealing jobs '' . 
  i said nothing about right wingers in general . 
  still no reason to be angry at us .
