  look again . 
  he may be full of holes but he is alive and well , partying on !, 
  as a civilization we may get shot at but we wo n't die . 
  is speaks of themselves as a state , making their operatives the operatives of a state . 
  this should make it easier to invoke article 5 . 
  lets see if they still like being treated as a state . 
  white guys stab brown people with swords every day in israel ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  also in cities you idle a lot . 
  ah i see what happened here . 
  you thought that that was an unusually beautiful scandinavian , so you compared her against unusually beautiful spanish women and came to the conclusion that it was pretty much the same . 
  that girl is n't unusually beautiful in scandinavia . 
  to us she is fairly bland and average . 
  the average beauty here is such that 9 out of 10 women could travel to anywhere else in the world and become models . 
  because that wind is not only hard . 
  it 's also cold as hell and they do n't want to freeze . 
  as i understand child mortality and birth rate have a direct correlation . 
   well ... that doesnt actually deal with the problem corruption causes . 
  hiding it from public view means it still exists but people are sneaky about it . 
  the best option is to make it `` taboo '' to take bribes or sth . 
  i think . 
  that is the idea , that you have to be sneaky with your corrupton because it is no longer socialy acceptable . 
  harsh punishments is one way to try to drive the point home . 
  edit : also being sneaky means you ca n't grab as much money . 
  you ca n't make off with 90 % of your projects budget and be sneaky at the same time . 
  people will ask questions about account irregularities etc. 
  it becomes too risky to just blatantly grab money on the level that happens in some african countries . 
  that way corruption , though not eliminated , has a much smaller impact on the overall economy . 
  i 'm not saying that punishments are an effective deterrent , but atleast it helps drive home the point that corruption is something you should at least hide from public view . 
  i 'm completely with you on the education aspect . 
  early age public education is a game changer . 
  every country that invests in it does better within a generation . 
  that and public health efforts . 
  better survival rates means fewer children and more productive workers . 
  that in turn leads to economic prosperity . 
  cutting healthcare and education funding is a great way to hamstring your countries development . 
  in some countries as much as 90 % of government funds get funneled into corruption . 
  corruption is so endemic in some of these places that even when they try to do what you suggest most of the money just `` goes missing '' . 
  the real key is to make corruption unthinkable . 
  either by policing it with harsh sentences ( like china ) or by relentlessly rooting out the corruption from the top down ( like romania is doing ) or by changing the cultural mindset somehow ( using media etc. ), 
  the problem with all three is that they require that powerful people are willing to fight corruption . 
  usually the powerful people in these countries are the most corrupt so no real efforts are ever made to address the problem . 
  what is required is for idealists to somehow grab and hold power long enough to change things . 
  europe had the enlightenment where a whole generation somehow saw the light and decided to start changing things . 
  that 's why the shift from the `` old ways '' to the modern world of europe and the us happened almost at the same time everywhere . 
  asia , africa and south america needs something similar . 
  every once in a while a country or two makes the jump , but sadly the majority is still in the `` old world '' mindset , just with newer technology . 
  while very edgy , your comment has absolutely no bearing on reality . 
  because the douchebag eu politicians at least pretend to adhere to basic rule of law . 
  duchebag russian politicians will have no qualms suspending the rule of law to steal your shit and have you killed whenever it is convenient for their agenda . 
  that sounds like a not very well thought out trade . 
  behold the mighty power of isis !, 
  the dangerous evil terror organization stretches forth their arm across the nations , deep into the very heart of european civilization and ... stabs one guy ... tremble before their fearsome might !, 
  they recently claimed responsibility for some random fire that did n't even involve any muslims . 
  you pay less than you recieve so that 's not much of a threat . 
  im not talking about loopholes . 
  i 'm talking about when he straight up bribed the attorney that was going after trump university for fraud . 
  trump anti-corruption ? 
  mr. `` bribe the attorney to avoid fraud charges '' is anti-corruption ? 
  he just does n't want anyone to beat him at his own game . 
  that 's idiotic . 
  i do n't understand that at all . 
  what could he possibly offer them ? 
  do they hate hillary so much that they would rather burn down the house than give her the key ? 
  ok i see what you mean now . 
  yes of course not all british people support trump or even brexit . 
  i was mostly being facetious . 
  however the stories about the leave voters after the election were n't actually confidence inspiring . 
  it seems like most people never bothered to find out what they were actually voting on . 
  yes but a left wing leave voter is not likely to support trump is he ? 
  in this case the idiots cheering trump and putin ( always the same people as well ) are the alt-right in every country . 
  it 's no secret that brexit is the brainchild of the far right . 
  just like the trump presidency . 
  the same 30 % that think trump as president is a good idea . 
  well the british voted for brexit , so i would n't take their advice on world politics . 
  the people have revolted before . 
  building a good image among the people ensures a stable government to bribe . 
  it 's useless to bribe politicians who then get overthrown or ousted from office because of political unrest among the people . 
  at least they want to make sure that the issue of china getting land is not worth protesting over , because the people remember that china was good to them during their war with russia . 
  even the young people there really struggle with it . 
  so basiclly a concentration camp to a finnish person . 
  svalbard has always been norwegian . 
  norwegian sailors settled it hundreds of years ago . 
  it has literally nothing to do with russia . 
  get over your inferiority complex and stop acting like teenagers . 
  fellow tax payers also pay for lost tax income from people being unable to work . 
  i think a better way to put it would be the reverse : there has to be some benefit to being a member . 
  you ca n't let someone leave and then retain all the membership privileges . 
  i was merely commenting that you used a minority to talk about the majority . 
  that is all . 
  and also , you know , civil war and poverty . 
  it 's not like they just sat around the breakfast table one day and said : `` hey honey !, 
  would n't it be fun to take a walk through europe and live on handouts in a ghetto is sweden ? '', 
  people had to be pretty damn desperate to even attempt it . 
  the real background to the crisis was the ongoing humanitarian disasters in the middle east and north africa . 
  we are reaping the harvest of the arab spring and the war on terror . 
  that 's a pretty apt description of greek economic history lately . 
  so you admit that the majority believes that the law of the country is more important that the rules of islam ? 
  especially if you tarnish their reputations and make sure they ca n't get legitimate jobs . 
  people have to eat .
