  is a high conviction rate a desirable goal though ? 
  that kind of assumes that every suspect is guilty . 
  an ** accurate ** conviction rate is what we should be striving for . 
  no you were backpedaling because you realize your argument holds no water . 
  no i have a firm grasp on reality . 
  tuga on the other hand ... 
   also get off my lawn . 
  you forgot to add this in there . 
  of course there are problems . 
  i 'm just saying it 's not as simple as saying that all north african immigrants are suspected criminals based on their nationality . 
  it might just be that policies that help aleviate povery also help decrease crime in general . 
  the violent crimerate was higher in the 50ies than now . 
  the murder rate as well . 
  how do you put that into your simplified black and white world view ? 
  sweden has less crime than ever . 
  violent crime rates are constantly dropping . 
  i do n't see what the problem is . 
  that makes his crime much better than this guy i guess . 
  ah yes because before immigration sweden was a crime free paradise . 
  and now we 're all stinking rich !, 
  i would n't take anything srs says seriously . 
  did you also discover that the fresh milk actually tastes like milk ? 
  i think in sweden it just gets a basic run through the pasteuriser . 
  not to much though . 
  yupp even in sweden . 
  though here the separatists are mostly hilarious . 
  oh come on you know there was a background and motivation to his deed . 
  it was not a random act of violence . 
  those who share his ideology should not be able to escape the connection to his deed . 
  violent acts are always preceded with ideology . 
  the rwanda genocide was preceded by months of hutu hate radio getting the population revved up and hating the tutsi . 
  facist italy and nazi germany did n't start out slaughtering people out the gate . 
  they carefully built public opinion through propaganda even before they gained power . 
  an ideology can no longer be ignored and dismissed once it has driven at least one man to commit an act such as what breivik did . 
  in a way he was the canary that shows us the danger posed by the extreme right groups in europe . 
  there are laws against planning and preparing for a major crime . 
  i cant remember the term right now . 
  something akin to political brownian motion ? 
  i cant get this budget to balance . '', 
  danish king : `` what do you mean ? '', 
  clerk : `` if we do n't get more cash fast we wo n't be able to finish your fancy new castle '' danish king : `` no worries . 
  we 'll jsut go take \u00c4lfsborgs fstning and sell it back to the swedes again . '', 
  clerk : `` hmm , do you think they wil lfall for that one again ? '', 
  danish king : `` why not ? 
  they 've fallen for it twice already ! '', 
  on the contrary most of those invasions were very deliberate . 
  as daphnedk said , these are only a few of the wars . 
  i grew up near a castle that the danish stole from us and sold back to us three times within a few decades ( apparently our ancestors were n't the brightest bunch . ), 
  one huge factor for sweden at least is the emphasis on youth sports . 
  sports clubs are everywhere in every game you can imagine from age 7 or even earlier . 
  i 'm not sure where this started but it has had a huge impact . 
  even the tiniest of municipalities have fairly impressive facilities for soccer , ice skating/hockey , running etc. 
  combined with well equipped indoor halls and if the municipality does n't have a swimming facility there is one in the next municipality over . 
  a huge percentage of children start out doing some kind of sport . 
  this number then dwindles as they age but the end result is a pretty solid core of good athletes in most sports . 
  no watching dubbed movies is cringeworthy . 
  when they do dub movies no one watches them . 
  in my church we have a biannual worldwide conference held in english that gets broadcasted all over the world . 
  every country has local language dubbing . 
  in sweden there are like 5 people per location that watch that version . 
  99 % would rather watch the original english . 
  i think it 's a part of our culture to adapt to our situation and be pragmatic . 
  especially in business . 
  even the old vikings knew that you got more success if you adhered to local customs and adopted the parts you liked . 
  we realize we are a small country with a language few speak so in order to stay competitive we have to adopt the defacto lingua franca . 
  and since everyone learns english in schools the tv stations feel safe showing english speaking programs in their original audio . 
  the general feeling is that dubbed movies are for kids and generally unwatchable for adults . 
  even if there is a dubbed version people seek out the original with subtitles . 
  even for languages we do n't know . 
  too much gets lost in the dubbing . 
  so the general adoption of english is more a product of us wanting to adapt and function in a global context and the tv-programs and movies help a lot with that . 
  where i live 99 % are more or less bilingual . 
  the very few who cant cope can rely on their friend 's / relatives . 
  that said i think the process of choosing an official language will probably spark a war of some kind . 
  even if a small nation sends many athletes they are more likely to send only a few truly great ones and a number of good or mediocre ones . 
  sending many is no guarantee that they are any good . 
  that 's why smaller nations usually send a smaller troop . 
  yes but they already have the disadvantage of having a smaller pool of athletes to chose from, 
  hitler did n't base his actions on his love for classical music . 
  hitler did however hate jews . 
  he ended up having a lot of them killed . 
  so now i am wary of people who hate jews . 
  the music loving thing is not relevant to his evil . 
  the jew-hating thing is . 
  similarly breivik killed a lot of young people because he was convinced they were `` cultural marxists '' ( what does that even mean ? 
  people who use that phrase ca n't have any idea what a marxist actually is . ), 
  who were betraying his country and europe to foreigners . 
  ( recognize this train of thought from somewhere ? ), 
  so now i 'm very wary of people who throw around that phrase . 
  you do n't see the problem of banning immigration from whole regions of the world based on the actions of a minority ? 
  whenever someone starts talking about `` cultural marxism '' . 
  it just proves to everyone else that he has no idea what he 's talking about . 
  breivik bast all his actions on the idea that he was striking back against `` cultural marxists '' if you want to know where that kind of delusional thinking will lead you just look at him . 
  ah but where do you draw the line ? 
  belgians get to be missogynistic but no one else ? 
  this is the solution of a 16 year old solving the worlds problems . 
   ... cultural marxists ... delusion level : breivik . 
  the thing is that it is a small group who do it . 
  but they make up for their small numbers by doing it to everybody . 
  they also know that other men do n't like when they do it so they are careful to keep a low profile when alone or with large groups of men they do n't know .
