  also mind you own mess . 
  sure this is a tricky situation , but we are working the problem and will , as usual , come out ahead . 
  you may not have heard on reddit but we no longer have open borders in sweden . 
  they do n't tell you these things because it does n't fit the right wing agenda . 
  you now have to show valid id to enter the country . 
  we are dealing with a temporary situation . 
  there is a massive wave of refugees coming into europe and someone has to deal with it . 
  do n't be pissed at us for doing what your country is unwilling to do . 
  when the syrian refugee wave abates ( and it will . 
  just like the iraqi wave abated , and the afghan , and the bosnian wave etc. 
  etc. ), 
  things will go back to normal and we will have a long hard road ahead integrating people . 
  and we will . 
  at the end of the day we will keep having a booming economy , we will keep having a fantastic startup scene and we will keep making money hand over fist while the rest of the world tries to figure out where it 's ass is . 
  why exactly are you so angry at sweden ? 
  what did we do to you ? 
  or posibly even my tax money that i 'm paying right now.either way he is n't exactly contributing . 
  oh yes . 
  completely ridiculous . 
  that was my point . 
  so once you are done living off of other peoples tax money you are leaving ? 
  i think they mean having jobs . 
  you see immigrants who do n't work are freeloaders while immigrants who work `` steal jobs '' you ca n't win with these people . 
  and we are threatened by 2 % speaking arabic at home ? 
  we do n't feel bad . 
  dubs suck in every language . 
  we 're glad that we never got used to having shitty voiceovers in our movies . 
  eh it 's the same as the us census not tracking religious affiliation . 
  every country has their touchy subjects that , if you start tracking them , people call you a fascist agent of statsi out to catalogue people in preparation to taking away their liberties . 
  in the us its religion . 
  in sweden it is anything having to do with ethnicity . 
  native to the speakers , not the country . 
  bunch of idiots in this thread . 
  it has taken about 15-20 years to reach 2 % unless were predicting about 500 years in the future there is no chance of it taking over . 
  so what 's the big deal if two percent of the population has a different mother tounge ? 
  we 're talking about 2 % of the population, 
  we 're talking about 2 % here . 
  video lies all the tiem . 
  or do you thin the avengers was a documentary ? 
  oh come on !, 
  axpixlat is more biased than daily mail . 
  the court is because he is suing the government for mistreatment in prison . 
  do try to read . 
  we do have a verdict though . 
  the verdict is guilty . 
  it was handed out in 2012 . 
  i do n't know what you are n't getting . 
  this court appearance has nothing to do with that . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  he was convicted in 2012 . 
  this court appearance is only about the conditions in prison . 
  not about his guilt in the crime he is convicted for . 
  his status as a mass murderer is not in question . 
  he happily admits to doing it . 
  how do you figure ? 
  he is convicted after being caught red handed standing among his victims with his weapons in hand . 
  there is no `` alleged '' about it . 
  which country did the eu and us facilitate a coup in ? 
  `` but this specific trash agrees with my preconcieved views so i will defend it even though it is basically the swedish daily mail ! '', 
  it 's basically the swedish version of the daily mail . 
  but only usefull if they are putting out an apb on them . 
  if they already have the suspects in custody then giving out ethnicity and skincolour would only serve the curiosity of those who care about that because of an agenda . 
  also if they are looking for witnesses then it is prudent to withold descriptions of the suspects as giving details could be seen as priming the witness . 
  for example in the olof palme case his wife was asked to point out the gunman in a lineup . 
  before the lineup they had let it slip that they were looking for a drug addict . 
  when the suspects were lined up she pointed out one as `` looking like a drug addict '' . 
  as it happened he was the only actual suspect in the lineup and all the rest looked far cleaner , more well trained and better dressed than him . 
  well there was that time when they let a girl die of sepsis rather than do an abortion . 
  it does n't matter what she sais . 
  its all the ravings of a mad woman . 
  and i 'm fine thanks . 
  doing better than you at any rate . 
  what with your stupidity and all . 
  still talking about things that have nothing to do with this case.and you claim you dont have an agenda . 
  also if you werent to busy wanking of to yourself you 'd notice that i have never denied any of those unrelated numbers you keep spouting . 
  i never said i believed in it . 
  im just saying that you are a know nothing asshole spouting your uninformed opinions for the world to see . 
  that might fly in / r/atheism but not here . 
  so you know nothing about islam then beyond what the tv and reddit tells you . 
  and your agenda is as obvious as your stupidity . 
  no islam is n't the mental illness . 
  no matter how much you want it to be to fit with your stupid agenda . 
  you keep refusing to see the part where its a mentally ill woman . 
  even the russian authorities say she is mentaly ill . thats what makes you a grade a idiot in my book . 
  good luck in life jackass . 
  you know what ? 
  screw you you bigoted selfrighteous racist piece of shit . 
  you arent worth my time . 
  what are you smoking man ? 
  the article you liked confirmed that it was mental illness . 
  stop reaching . 
  well it 's a good thing you waited until the information dropped instead of making your judgement that it definitely was terrorism immediately . 
  also you seem to be reading very selectively :  a kremlin spokesman said her remarks should be regarded as those of someone who is mentally unwell . 
   `` you need to regard anything that such a deranged woman says accordingly , '' dmitry peskov , the spokesman , told reporters . 
  basically this is still an insane woman who did an insane thing for insane reasons . 
  those insane reasons coincided with her knowing about the bombings in syria . 
  this does not mean islam made her do it . 
  in fact the reasons she cites have nothing to do with islam other than that she did it for muslim victims . 
  the quran asks her to cut off an infants head and carry it around a train station while rambling `` allahu akbar '' ? 
  please quote me the sura where that is written .
