nowadays the phrase has taken on a slightly mocking tone as it is used to mock those who seem afraid of russia to the point of paranoia . 
  although lately there has been decidedly less mocking for obvious reasons . 
  then do it . 
  but only when deemed necessary by a medical professional . 
  otherwise we might as well go ahead and remove apendices and give newborns lasik eye surgery at the request of the parents . 
  it 's about equally sensible. ,, 
  not everyone who has something differnt to say is `` phobic '', 
  my interpretation is that people have been reacting to the gradual return to the old police state . 
  for a while there it seemed russia could join the west in civil liberties and such but over the last 3-4 years it has become obvious that this will not happen and that conditions for political free thinkers are becoming worse every day . 
  no wonder people are fleeing in droves . 
  by then they were years out of the market . 
  it might have saved them but it would have been a close call . 
  nokia fell for the classic blunder that eventually gets to all giants one way or another : they thought they were invunerable and could ignore the competitors . 
  someone needs to teach her more words . 
  so he is intent on causing riots then ? 
  first ban food imports then clothes . 
  i heard it was a division along the fight/flight divide . 
  those who reacted immediately and ran for upper decks made it out . 
  those who hesitated for even a minute or went back for anyone died . 
  westernized laws and standard of living ? 
  ( down the road ), 
  i admit it . 
  it was all my fault . 
  no the real problem is that when a movement considers itself above criticism it is vunerable to being taken over by self serving opportunists . 
  identity politics and the race to the bottom of the opression ladder has destroyed every movement that has become infected with it . 
  you know you do n't have to defend them right ? 
  they are not part of the activists and no one with a brain conflates the two groups . 
  we are perfectly able to recognize the good work of feminism and equal rights movements on the one hand and the negative effects of bigoted hypocrits hiding their bigotry under the shield of social justice on the other . 
  you are actually just hampering the efforts of the first group by defending the actions of the second . 
  sometimes it 's just refreshing to laugh at the crazy things people say . 
  tia does frequently feature insane rantings from mra 's , incels and nazis too . 
  it 's not only sjw 's that get the treatment . 
  they are just such easy targets because of the combination of rampant bigotry and absolute selfrighteousness . 
  i think that lensing happens both ways quite frequently . 
  it 's virtually imposible to even hint you may have problems if you are on the wrong side of the fence without being called an mra red piller racist rape apologist . 
  ( obviously exadurating for effect . ), 
  you should have hung around sweden this election cycle ... 
  i thought i was very clear about distinguishing the two groups . 
  i never said they are the whole group and neither does tia . 
  if you pay attention you will find that sub to be full of all the people the sjw 's claim to fight for . 
  you are the one that cant distinguish between the actual social justice activists and the spoiled self centered narciccists that are displayed on tia . 
  i never said they represented the group . 
  i merely said they exist and are a plague on any group they attach themselves to . 
  / u/functionplastic was claiming they do n't exist and are made up by right wingers . 
  so all the things posted in / r/tumblrinaction is made up or imagined then ? 
  also we have our own local living caricatures here who do n't hesitate to use every bigoted trick in the book in the name of social justice . 
  do n't pretend these people do n't exist just because you would rather they did n't . 
  i 'm not talking about the people actually fighting for rights . 
  i have tremendous respect for them . 
  i 'm talking about the people who ride in on their coat tails , who have never experienced oppression but are determined to get all the attention and sympathy at the expense of real victims . 
  claiming they do n't exist and are made up is intellectually dishonest and you know it . 
  no it is very real, 
  so we should just ignore the sexists and racists who hijack movement after movement and turn them into inefectual personality contests under the banner of social justice ? 
  oops !, 
  i thought i was replying to / u/simonask . 
  damn you for having such similar screen names :p, 
  those are the kind of people / r/tumblrinaction makes fun of and shine a spotlight at . 
  they claim to be social justice warriors but in reality they have just found the perfect shield behind which to act out their bigotry . 
  and they have ruined several movements . 
  most prominent of them being the occupy wallstreet movement . 
  basically it started strong as an economic equality movement but soon the sjw 's gained a foot hold and it devolved into identity politics and completely lost it 's effctiveness as the endless squabbling over who was the most opressed and who 's voice was the most important and valid made it imposible to actually achieve anything . 
  currently they are doing the same thing to the transgender movement . 
  have fun with your poverty , lack of education and bad labor market . 
  sounds like fun !, 
  because it looks at other factors too . 
  maybe laws about treatment of homosexuals or transgendered have improved and it was determined to be significant enough to bump you upwards despite the income inequality ? 
  maybe you have more equal distribution of power between sexes ? 
  there are lots of factors that are not purely economical . 
  so we should just ignore the sexists and racists who hijack movement after movement and turn them into inefectual personality contests under the banner of social justice ? 
  there is a distinct difference between social justice activists and social justice warriors . 
  the first group has done trememdous good in this world and has fought long and hard to gain equality for women , gays etc. 
  and are still fighting for other groups still marginalized . 
  social justice warriors ride on the coat tails of the activists , pissing all over their accomplishments and turn back development by driving supporters away . 
  i know . 
  again . 
  how they percieve things does n't change reality . 
  i know . 
  that doesnt change the fact that they are voting for the village idiots . 
  so they vote for the village idiot party ? 
  sounds like a plan . 
  political hunger for power will overpower ideological differences soon enough . 
  in some issues they are almost a parody party . 
  so why not start a new party ? 
  why choose to further a party with roots in the nationalist extremist movement ? 
  i 'm sure if you practice you too can learn to read at a normal pace so you can keep up with those incredibly demanding novels at the bottom of the screen . 
  no way . 
  why would we willingly degrade the quality of our entertainment with dubs when we understand the originals perfectly fine ? 
  why exactly are you trying to convince us that we want to gdegrade the quality of the movies we watch ? 
  i think it 's more that the show could have been `` nerd humor '' but ended up being `` lets laugh at the weird nerds . 
  are n't nerds just so weird ? '', 
  and it reminds a lot of people of growing up being bullied or generally surrounded by that exact sentiment . 
  ah so sitges was the end point ? 
  yeah i ran in to that one in sitges last year . 
  did n't realize it was n't just local th the town . 
  she 's a bit of a broken record at this point is n't she ? 
  mostly for putin though ... if history is anything to go by . 
  um finland shares likr 75 % of its land borders with russia . 
  the only reason he gets away with crimea is because no one wants to start an all out war with russia because of the nukes . 
  it 's interresting that russias nukes are only an asset as long as their use remains a threat only . 
  if he lets a single one fly then it 's over .
