  yes , to each other , but not to this one . 
  you honestly do n't see the difference between well planned , coordinated terrorist attacks and a single mentaly ill woman who killed a baby and then walked around the trainstation ranting about allah while holding the infants head ? 
  i do n't see any counterargument in your comment . 
  just the listing of unrelated events . 
  make your argument or shut up, 
  did i talk about those events ? 
  then why are you bringing them up ? 
  i 'm not supporting islam . 
  i 'm simply pointing out the flaw in your argument . 
  that you are to dumb to see it is not my problem . 
  good luck in life . 
  i 'm done here . 
   no one ever mentioned terrorism you mentioned terorism . 
  and islam has no edict that all non muslim infants must be killed and have their heads cut off . 
  the fact that a muslim woman comitted a crime that is committed by many non muslim women and men every year is proof that it was islam that made her do it ? 
  please !, 
  you are the one who is so desperate to add this death to your statistic about muslim crimes so you can keep up your bigoted world view . 
  so you have no proof other than loose conjecture based on the fact that she is muslim . 
  in reality this is a mentaly ill woman who killed a child . 
  sure she picked up the idea of beheading from middle eastern culture , but so far there is nothing to tie her to any terrorist organisation or to any terrorist motives . 
  insane people do insane things and they usually do them in ways that are familiar to them . 
  15 years ago we had a white man in gothenburg start attacking random bystanders in the street with an wood cutting axe . 
  a short while later another man used an iron bar to attack people in a subway station . 
  a little later another man drove a car onto a sidewalk near a busstop trying to hit as many people as posible . 
  the common theme in all of this was that they were all mentaly ill who were refusing treatment . 
  they did n't do it because they were white , men , westerners , christian , hetrosexual or any other descriptor . 
  they did it because they were mentaly ill and had a psycotic episode fueled by alcohol or drugs . 
  the fact that someone is a muslim is not proof of terrorist connections or a larger plot . 
  it is merely a coincidence . 
  if this woman was christian or an atheist she might have strangled the child and carried the body around instead . 
  it has happened in the west several times . 
  there is no reason to believe that it was her religion that caused her to kill the child or that it was done for religious reasons . 
  some examples of similar things happening in the west without islam being involved : http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/schizophrenic-sitter-admits-killing-sexually-abusing-infant-article-1.2542454 http://www.nbcbayarea.com/news/local/babysitter-24-arrested-after-baby-boy-shaken-to-death-fairfield-police-363358751.html http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-wales-south-east-wales-28214970 google `` babysitter kills baby '' and you will be surprised at how common this stuff is . 
  and she is punishing a small child for ... ? 
  your attempts to tie this obviously mentaly ill woman to isis are pretty sad . 
  again that has nothing to do with this event . 
  a single mentaly ill woman killed a kid and is shouting allahu akbar . 
  that only shows that she is muslim and insane . 
  it has nothing to do with isis or terrorism or anything else . 
  it 's just a crazy woman in a psychotic episode . 
  my point was that it happens . 
  this woman is not a jihadist so what isis gets up to is hardly relevant to the case . 
  this is a single individual having a psychotic episode . 
  [ yes ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/africa/tens-of-thousands-of-muslims-flee-christian-militias-in-central-african-republic/2014/02/07/5a1adbb2-9032-11e3-84e1-27626c5ef5fb_story.html ) [ they ] ( http://www.salon.com/2013/08/03/the_10_worst_examples_of_christian_or_far_right_terrorism_partner/ ) [ are ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_terrorism#india ), 
  crazy people yell things . 
  yesterday i was approached by a white middle aged man who looked normal until he started ranting about the brittish getting kicked out of the nato council in 2010 etc. 
  this woman seemed to be an insane person who picked up some phrases from her cultural surroundings . 
  but her behavior tells us that it wanst islam that made her crazy , rather it was more of a coincidence . 
  mathem in the middle of his comment . 
  he mentiones encouraging them to commit suicide, 
  however the comment was specifically about mentally ill criminals . 
  or we can try to help people with mental illness get better and live some semblance of a decent life , even if they are in prison . 
   because executing them or keeping them alive against their will is n't . 
  you did . 
  who said those were the only options ? 
  just let them be in jail/care facility and live out their lives . 
  having a specific facility whos only purpose is to drive mentally ill people to suicide is kind of psychotic . 
  maybe you need to have yourself checked if that sounds like a fine idea to you . 
  it 's not like you can just take them into a back room and shoot them . 
  there is going to be abattery of appeals , evidence , psychiaric evaluations etc. 
  that will take years and cost millions for each case . 
  if we 're going to let the state kill citizens then we have to be absolutely sure we have exhausted every other avenue in every single case . 
  and even then we will be executing innocent people . 
  at least not officially . 
  the term nowadays is `` accident '' . 
  no we just intentionally drive people to suicide . 
  that 's much better !, 
  yes but someone has to give the order . 
  unless prompted most people would not give such an order . 
  it takes a few screwed up people that are good speakers to get the rest of us to do depraved shit , but we would never think of doing that shit on our own initiative . 
  that 's the difference . 
  intentionally driving people to suicide for `` the greater good '' is kind of a psychotic thing to do . 
  yupp she would not be the first woman to kill a kid . 
  there are horiffic stories every year of european men and women who kill their own children during a psychotic episode . 
  most of them as white as the driven snow . 
  i do n't see any reason to make anything aout of this womans ethnicity or religion . 
  this is a clear case of insanity . 
  is this a roundabout way of offering to eat his ass ? 
  is n't that every war ever ? 
  a war always wnats to accomplish a political or religious aim . 
  this is i think , the most important effect of combating corruption . 
  if the population sees that corruption can never be charged and goes on under the nose of the authorities without reaction then they will give up and join in on the fun . 
  if they see that it is actually posible to bring corrupt officials to justice then they all have that corrupt boss they hate and they feel empowered to do something about it . 
  ca n't pay the rent with pride and dignity, 
  kungshamn is north of g\u00f6teborg , and i do n't know what sk\u00e5ne did to you to deserve being mangled like that . 
   the us training program never turned out more than a dozen or so fighters . 
  which raises a whole other set of questions . 
  such as cost effectiveness and proper allocation of funds . 
  after all it worked great for leeroy jenkins . 
  right . 
  go back to / pol /, 
  because it is human nature to do nothing until shtf . 
  right . 
  so then what remains is to explain your criteria and the meaning of the word `` dying '' in this context . 
  the only place i have ever had mashed potatoes with kebab was at vegabaren outside stockholm . 
   ... in amsterdam went from 5 % a couple of decades ago to 75 % in 2025 ... woah !, 
  you guys are already in 2025 ? 
  everyone sees what they want to see . 
  extreme right wingers are so in love with their `` europe is dying '' fantasy that they refuse to aknowledge any other view . 
  extreme leftists are so adamant that there is nothing wrong that they also refuse to see reality .
