  oh they wouldnt do it for our sake . 
  they would do it to make sure russia doesnt establish an airbase within striking distamce of every major nato capital in europe . 
  crimea does n't put them within bomber distance of all of western europe . 
  probably just hanging out in the working zone and being in the way like assholes . 
  the equivalent would be if you went to someones workshop and made sure to stand in the exact spots they need to go over and over . 
  they would get pissed after a while . 
  i can see it now . 
  russia manages a surprise invation of gotland . 
  by the time the troops have disembarked form the ships and secured the airfields etc. 
  pretty much every bomber in europe is already in the air and en-route . 
  by then they have about an hour to set up aa guns and fighter support or they are screwed . 
  i just feel sad for the local population who will inevitably get caught in the crossfire . 
  i just ca n't see russia being able to even properly establish their hold over gotland . 
  even if sweden is not in nato seizing gotland can be seen as nothing other than a prelude to war against europe . 
  have you seen the economy of russia ? 
  that is pretty much already happening now . 
  intelligence agency notorious for crossing lines and illegaly gathering data ( and then strongarming permission through the legislature when they are found out ) . 
  very trustworthy indeed . 
  why can they be trusted more than me ? 
  it 's so adorable that you think that that 's how it works . 
  i guess you would n't object to me sending a robot into your house to take pictures of everyone and everything then . 
  i promise that i will only look at the pictures if a judge gives me permission . 
  you are one of those people who would gladly live in a dictatorship if they promised to keep you safe . 
  for the record i 'm 33 and fairly middle of the road politically . 
  i jsut do n't like the idea of my communication being monitored and saved . 
  also automatic data monitoring is not spying on everyone ? 
  i 'm guessing leg based propulsion down the street is not walking and h2o is not wet at room temperature either . 
  sorry but i refuse to believe you are actually this dumb . 
  no but the freedom from arbitrary searches is definitely in there . 
  having a government agency that spies on everyones communication is the kind of stuff we used to call the ddr evil for . 
  but now that we are doing it 's ok because some terrorists managed to pull off a major hit once . 
  yes 9/11 was bad and i do have sympathy for their families . 
  however it is not any good reason to give up basic freedoms like privacy . 
  ah yes . 
  one terror attack should definitely be enough to toss the whole founding idea of your country out the window !, 
  way to show the terrorists who 's in charge !, 
  also us europeans would n't know anything about terrorsism , never having experienced any at all ever ... ( you seem a little dense so i just want to make it very clear that the above is dripping in sarcasm . ), 
   why be complacent just because ~ ~ somebody ~ ~ ** everybody ** else has it worse ? 
  ftfy, 
  what i hear every time those kind of complaints come up : `` can you believe this ? 
  i ca n't even break the law and pay my way out of it any more !, 
  why be rich if i ca n't use it to act like i 'm above the law and better than everyone ? '', 
   `` they would have their licence taken away if there 's suddenly 30kmph limit out of nowhere '' ah yes !, 
  those infamous 90-30kmph transitions !, 
  oh how often i run into them !, 
   china cheats this seems to be a recurring theme . 
  though i doubt they are the only ones . 
  that 's a good one !, 
  implying the current government is capable of anything besides pissing off foreign diplomats ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n5e7fejhw0, 
  never said we are . 
  i just gave a counterargument to the `` why do n't they just stay and build up their countries ? '', 
  argument . 
  meanwhile gothenburg sweden bought their newest trams from italy . 
  worst pos trams i 've ever seen . 
  they squeak around every single turn !, 
  yes they should , but they are n't . 
  so how is some guy with a family in sudan going to fix his situation ? 
  is he going to `` fix his country '' ? 
  no the people in power wo n't give him a chance . 
  is he going to `` build up his own wealth through industry and pluckiness . '', 
  well maybe , until one of the aforementioned men with guns comes and takes it from him . 
  his best bet is to gather his family and try to leave . 
  the level of screwed up in those countries is way too much for one individual or family to take on . 
  it 's a bit difficult when there are assholes with guns everywhere shooting you to get your stuff etc. 
  i never said that . 
  do n't assign me opinions i have n't stated . 
  i simply pointed out the absolute horror that will be the practical experience of your proposal . 
  yeah i looked at an altitude map . 
  you guys have surprisingly few plains and tons of mountains . 
  i can see it now . 
  100 million africans camping along the mediteranian shores , destroying the ecosystem and causing enourmous problems for the poor countries along the coast . 
  those countries respond by closing their borders and using military power to keep them out . 
  thousands will die from the violence . 
  millions will die from starvation , crime and diseases in the camps . 
  number of times since ww2 that european nations have invaded russia : 0 number of times since ww2 that russia has invaded european nations 2 +, 
  she came there from spain . 
  it was prior to coming to sweden . 
  well mostly that comes from my fianc\u00e9 who has lived in peru spain and 6 months in italy . 
  she refuses to move to italy ever again . 
  my impression of visiting spain and italy is that italy wastes a lot of resources on inefficient public systems . 
  corruption and waste is rampant everywhere . 
  this of course exists in spain also but not to the same degree . 
  posibly because russia created the country in the irst place and then have been messing with it constantly . 
  even now they are supporting and encouraging sparatists that make having a functioning country very difficult . 
  so far i only see one of the countries you mentioned invading european countries ... 
  you forgot that it is increasingly popular to blame white men . 
  standing in line to get paid ... what is this ? 
  whatever happened to bank accounts and direct deposits ? 
  more like you can eat in a medium range restaurant every day as long as you are ok with having no breakfast or lunch , no phone , no internet , walk everywhere , never buy a new piece of clothing or fix even a broken lightbulb . 
  there are a lot of costs of living we dont even think about until we are forced to live off of 480 $ after rent . 
  and going out ? 
  do you know what drinks cost ? 
  8 $ + per glass . 
  you still have to eat, 
  it 's a lot easier to pull yourself up by your bootstraps if you can afford boots . 
  have you seen food and gas prices in scandinavia ? 
  480 $ does n't go very far, 
  yeah it really does . 
  my fianc\u00e9 is flying down in about a month to get her wedding dress fitted there . 
  suddenly i 'm irrationally nervous .
