  putin : `` what ?!?!, 
  who did we miss ? '', 
  minister : `` the netherlands , sir '' putin : `` this will not do !, 
  quick , what is the thing they are the most famous for ? '', 
  minister ( looking in folder ) : `` it says here they are quite proud of their flowers , sir '' putin : `` ok , buy up a shitload and burn it all !, 
  that will get their blood boiling ! '', 
  why ? 
  fptp is proven to produce two party systems and produce results that leaves vast portions of the population without representation . 
  nothing . 
  the only common thread is that russia keeps deflecting blame for anything and everythign they mess up and try to make everything about the west . 
  in reality putin is a cleptocratic dictator who has his opponents killed , jailed or banished while he steals money from the state coffers and uses the military to expand his influence . 
  no amount of pointing at the west will ever change that . 
  so it was the wests fault that the common people were lied to by russian oligarchs in order to make them sell their shares far below their actual valuation ? 
  just like it 's the wests fault that russia is currently annexing parts of ukraine and doing a border crawl through georgia in order to cut off it 's main highway . 
  `` why do you make me hit you darling ? 
  ca n't you see how you force me to hurt you ? '', 
  basically the transition went like this : ussr : `` sooo we 're transitioning to this market capitalism thing , so we decided to turn all the industries into private corporations and distribute the shares equaly amont the people , as is fair . '', 
  people : `` that 's awesome !, 
  however we are still really poor . '', 
  ussr : `` no worries !, 
  the shares will be worth money and can be traded on the market . 
  you will all be rich ! '', 
  people : `` great !, 
  however i have no concept of the value of my shares and i do n't know who to sell them to . 
  also i 'm fairly desperate to get some money for food as the newly opened borders are makeing the prices increase . '', 
  former state official with some embezzled money to spend : `` i 'll help you there !, 
  i 'll give you a really good deal if you sell the bulk of your shares to me ! '', 
  people : `` i 'm suspicious of your motivations and wether or not you are actually giving me a good deal . 
  however my inexperience with market dynamics and my desperation to get some money for food and clothes forces me to trust you . '', 
  newly formed oligarch : `` mouhahahah !, 
  and they gave them to me for a pittance !, 
  i ca n't believe they fell for that one ! '', 
  we 're talking about the situation in russia here . 
  `` getting rich '' probably entails a whole lot of bribes there or other , richer , people come and take it all away from you one way or another . 
  investments do not create new jobs . 
  demand creates new jobs . 
  investments enables the meeting of demand by expanding companies . 
  all the investment in the world wont create a single job if the market does n't want the product being produced by the worker . 
  i never said children should be treated as adults . 
  obviously they are not adults and ( at first atleast ) not able to figure everything out themselves . 
  i 'm just saying that hitting them is one of the worst ways to teach them anything and it carries many documented negative effects such as impeded cognitive development , more agression , higher risk of criminal activity later in life etc. 
  there are many things a parent can do while their child is growing up that will lay the foundation for a very functional and respectful adult . 
  it 's a long term effort that takes years and there are no shortcuts . 
  spanking a child is essentially trying to take a shortcut in their development and it backfires . 
  sure it produces compliance in the moment and we feel get our frustration out , but in the long term it causes more problems than it solves . 
  those `` screaming bundles of terror '' are produced by parents who favor spankings over teaching and who do n't know how to set limits and assert disciplin without resorting to violence and screaming . 
  there are two basic ways to screw up a young kid : 1 ) do n't set any limits ever . 
  just ignore the kids antics and pretend like it does n't affect you or other people . 
  2 ) set rules but enforce them arbitrarily and escalate to violence quickly . 
  also scream a lot at them . 
  just like getting punched once wont cause major problems for most adults yet it 's very illegal . 
  legaly there is no difference between spanking once and spanking repeatedly . 
  it doesnt make it ok . also if spanking in general is ineffective at achieving the stated goal then what makes you think doing it once would change anything . 
  repeated bad behavior from a small child is a sign of a failure to teach . 
  it 's not a sign that the kid deserves spanking . 
  [ slows cognitive ability and increases risk of criminal behavior ] ( http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2013/12/131211103958.htm ) [ linked to aggressiveness and language problems ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/spanking-young-kids-linked-to-aggressive-behavior-language-woes-by-age-9/ ) [ increased rule-breaking , anti social behavior and inhibited learning ability ] ( http://www.ahchealthenews.com/2013/10/24/the-long-term-effects-of-spanking-a-child/ ) [ ineffective at changing behavior while causing developmental problems ] ( http://www.apa.org/monitor/2012/04/spanking.aspx ) and this was just the top google results on a single search . 
  the research is in and it shows that spanking a ) does n't work and b ) causes all sorts of future problems for the kids . 
  you may get compliance in the short term but you get worse behaved and dumber kids in the long term . 
  you are definitely at odds with the scientific community on this one . 
  i 'm sorry i just ca n't get past the fact that you are defending violence against children . 
  and i can see you know it too and feel guilty which is why you want to shut me down . 
   if you do it right the first time you never have to do it again which makes you a good parent . 
  no it makes you a tyrant . 
  it procudes compliance but not understanding ( and research shows it 's actually ineffective at producing compliance as well . 
  children tend to be behaved when the parents are around and then even worse when they are not ), 
  spanking is violence . 
  calling it something else does n't take away what it is . 
  i know you do n't want to think about it that way because it is uncomfortable , but it 's the truth . 
  just because it is done to a child and ostensibly in order to `` teach '' does n't make it not violence . 
  it is inflicting pain in order to produce compliance and it is every bit as messed up as if you did it to an adult . 
  the fact that it is a child you 're hitting does n't make it better , it makes it worse . 
  um ... remove the child from the situation ? 
  like physically pick it up and walk away . 
  ground the child . 
  take away their video games etc. 
  there are many things you can do without resorting to violence against your child . 
  the only thing you teach a child by using violence is that if they displease you in some way you will hit them . 
  they wo n't understand why or be taught any great lesson of morality . 
  instead they will learn that might makes right and that violence is a good way to make others comply to their wishes . 
  what difference does it make ? 
  you 're still using violence to assert authority over your child . 
  what you teach your child is that the best way to get what you want from other people is through violence and that hitting people is a perfectly viable solution to every day problems . 
  you also teach them that you are a tyrant with absolute power and that your rule is arbitrary and unfair and that compliance is only necessary as long as you find out about it . 
  what you are not teaching the child is the impact of their actions and why they should refrain from them . 
  they learn no morality from hitting instead they learn to be compliant when you are around and rebellious when you are not . 
  research shows that children who are spanked are rowdier , more agressive and less mentaly developed . 
  they show less understanding of right and wrong and are less empathetic to others . 
  they are also far more likely to use violence against others . 
  and you consider that a reasonable way to live in a first world country ? 
  yes . 
  any kind of hitting is illegal here . 
  we employ something called `` raising our kids '' . 
  you should try it . 
  it has been scientifically proven that kids that get spanked are more rowdy and aggressive and less able to learn and understand right from wrong etc. 
  well in these cases it was actual slapping of the face in anger or similar acts, 
  there has been several cases . 
  invariably the homecountry flips out and the parent doesnt understand at all why it 's not ok for them to slap the hell out of their 10 year old kid in public . 
  usually because they get kids later in life . 
  concieving becomes harder after 30-35 . 
  the current accepted projection is that the population will stabilize at about 10 billion people .
