  her country is big so they have a powerful role , but they do n't rule the union . 
  you guys were just as big , and if you would hav eever pulled your collective heads out of your collective asses you could have had just as much influence . 
  but you acted like babies and ended up paying for it . 
  now you will pay even more . 
  good luck . 
  suit yourselves . 
  do n't come crying when you get screwed over by a guy known for a long career of screwing people over . 
  we warned you . 
  as an eu citizen you wont really be affected that much . 
  basically one country who 's products will be slightly more expensive and where it is more of a pain to travel to . 
  for the uk citizens it will be a monumental change . 
  they are the ones that will suffer . 
  because he is trump . 
  have you not paid attention to who this man is ? 
  this is the man who got sued by his own legal team for not paying bills for when they won against another lawsuit from a contractor that he did n't pay . 
  the man is the personification of untrustworthy . 
  he does n't care if he is british american . 
  he has n't hesitated to screw over americans at any time in his life , why would he hesitate to screw over british people ? 
  germany is still one of the strongest economies in the world . 
   ruk wants to cut off it 's nose to spite it 's face . 
  did you not notice them doing exactly that just now ? 
  will to fight will change drastically in an invasion situation . 
  we are blas\u00e9e about war because at this point in time we have to go attack someone else to fight a war . 
  when war comes to us the opinions will swing fast . 
  we are assuming a russian invation of europe here . 
  russia does n't have the resources or manpower to pull it off . 
  some aa systems are n't worth a damn if you get bombed by artilery while moving them into place . 
  europe has absolutely no interrest in invading russia , never had in modern times . 
  there is nothing to gain there . 
  so russias defenses are not relevant . 
  and then it stops . 
  because the baltics are strategically isolated from the rest of europe . 
  taking germany or france is a pipedream by delusional russian nationalists who thinks armies still face each other in large fields . 
  i 'm talking about russia . 
  i assumed , by your idiotic comment , that you were russian . 
  russians in ukrain has been known for years . 
  go away . 
  no one buys your trolling . 
   if russia wanted they could easily take all baltic states , germany and have a good chance taking france if it was n't for nukes . 
  keep dreaming of that empire buddy . 
  i promise your country is not a shithole that always ends up overextending and then promptly collapsing . 
  that 's definitely not a pattern we 've seen through history / s you do n't comprehend the sheer manufacturing powerhouse that is europe . 
  from the first real incursion to russia getting anywhere near a western european country the military capability of the eu will have quadrupled . 
  last time russia faced europe in total war the losses were 10:1 for russia . 
  we may look fat and lazy to you , bue thats because we so utterly dominate you . 
  i know you love working yourselves up with jingoistic propaganda and groupthink but europe can break your country with a vote . 
   how many tanks does eu have ? 
  did we just time travel to the 50-ies ? 
  it does n't matter how many tanks you have if they are old pieces of shit and the enemy can take them out from behind the horizon ( the ones that even work any more that is . ), 
  and whne you do it 's a tesla . 
  they are the one quality american car brand . 
  the rest is shit . 
  british politicians have spent the last 40 years blaming every domestic policy failure and scandal on the eu . 
  uninformed voters have bought into it and think that if it wasnt for the eu the uk would be a glorious utopia . 
  why are you masturbating with other dudes dude ? 
  ( unless you are gay , which is fine ), 
  i 'm pretty sure the queen is in charge of titles not the state . 
  never seen this much revisionism and brainwashing in one comment before . 
  i 've walked across the border between geneva and france many times . 
  never anyone there and if anything it looks even less guarded than the pic i showed . 
  are we playing the `` make irrelevant statements '' game ? 
  my turn !, 
  lets see : baby turtles are confused by city lights , causing them to die before they find their way to the sea . 
  who 's next ? 
  he could have had his own car parked somewhere in the city . 
  he could then proceed to drive down to italy through switzerland . 
  the border checkpoints look like [ this ] ( http://www.islandvulnerability.org/borderaflstopsign.jpg ) . 
  no one would have spotted him until he stopped and got out somewhere after his face started being shown . 
  just happened to be in the first major italian city when entering from the north . 
  he probably drove in from lugano in switzerland . 
  then he got out to have a cig or breakfast or something , was recognized and the rest of the events unfolded . 
  could be that he forced the polish guy to drive to the site and then trade places with him . 
  he then , not needing the driver any more , shot and stabbed him . 
  then before checking that the guy was actually dead ( classic mistake ) he went ahead with his plan . 
  the guy , no doubt very busy dying painfully , realized what was happening and started fighting the attacker for control of the truck . 
  the attacker loses control of the truck , hits various obstacles and then makes a run for it when the truck stops . 
  the driver then dies from his wounds . 
   nonetheless its pretty hard to even start a truck if you do n't know how . 
  on modern trucks ? 
  i work for a truck manufacturer ( and used to work for the one that built the truck used ) . 
  it 's as easy as driving a car . 
  most modern trucks are automatics with steering assist and all sorts of servo systems . 
  you turn the key , but it in drive and push the pedal . 
  i do n't have a car license and i can drive the trucks around the test track with no hickups . 
  that truck is a previous generation scania . 
  almost certainly it has an amt gearbox and no clutch . 
  piece of cake to drive . 
  the other guy would be too hard for the hacks at the sun to remove so they left him in . 
  no i said you have n't banned it , despite it being a problem . 
  every time i hear about `` camps '' or `` schools '' meant to help troubled kids ( or gay conversion etc ) that turn out to be abusive and counterproductive it 's in the us . 
  and every time these camps operate within the law and no one is interested in going after them , despite mountains of evidence of ruined lives and defrauded families . 
  so my point is that `` conversion therapy '' is one of those predominantly american oddities that seems to never get banned despite being common . 
  oh really ? 
  had n't heard of any cases like that recently . 
  i guess there are idiots everywhere . 
  yeah i 'm sure there are several laws you 'd have to break already to put your kids in that kind of treatment . 
  and if it starts popping up as a thing it will probably very quickly get banned . 
  i guess in most countries a ban has n't been needed so far because it has n't really been a thing here . 
  the us is the weird country that has a brainwashing camp for every issue . 
  that was australian 60 minutes .
