  oh so now it 's not our business any more ? 
  do n't bring this `` false consciousness '' shit in here . 
  it was wrong when marxists said it . 
  it was wrong when the radfem said it . 
  it is wrong now . 
  you are not so superior that you can place yourself as the interpreter of what muslim women `` actually want '' and then make laws that ban them from doing what they say they want . 
  if you ca n't see how draconian and monstrous that is , you are as bad as the islamists . 
  are we now making a government list of legal or illegal clothing ? 
  what else will go on the list ? 
  who decides what goes on the list ? 
  and what is the punishment for disobeying the governments ~ ~ morality police ~ ~ clothing rules ? 
  i do n't agree with a ban in most situations , but while driving it should be treated as any other thing you do that limits your ability to safely conduct the vehicle . 
  you 're not allowed to drive while drunk or falling asleep . 
  you 're not allowed to obstruct you view of the mirrors . 
  you 're not allowed to drive while texting or watching youtube clips on your phone . 
  likewise you should not be allowed to drive with your vision restricted to a tiny forward slit . 
  they do however have lecturers and study plans . 
  some things can be studied at home . 
  others you need a teacher for . 
  just look at the us . 
  people will go into considerable debt in order to handicap their future careers . 
  it 's crazy . 
  my wife is a spanish citizen working in sweden . 
  some of her friends are from england , italy , greece and ukraine and all live and work here as well . 
  if you know english ( or german i guess ) there are plenty of employers that are willing to hire you even if you are from india or somewhere else . 
  note that this refers mostly to engineering jobs . 
  i do n't know about other fields . 
  i imagine a liberal arts degree from romania does n't get you very far . 
  which is why they will get caught . 
  when gangs only hit each other the public tends to look away out of self preservation . 
  when the gamgs start harming innocent bystanders the public realizes that they are in danger either way so they might as well talk to the police . 
  after the pub shootout last year the police spoke of a sharp increase in willingness to testify . 
  as a result all the perpetrators were brought to justice and are now in jail . 
  the police in g\u00f6teborg are experienced at investigating and bringing organized crime to justice . 
  by bringing collateral damage into the mix these people are attracting their attention . 
  thus their days of freedom are numbered . 
  other organized crime groups , both swedish and estern european ( mainly from the balkans ) , have taken over since . 
  as far as i know africans and middle easterners do n't really make up and large organized crime groups to the same extent . 
  the parents are usually trying to get jobs and establish themselves and their kids are more into low level street crime and burning cars etc. 
  more bored teenagers doing crimes of opportunity or trying to show their friends how tough they are by throwing rocks at ambulance crews etc. 
  that 's not a uniquely somali thing . 
  they say the parents were somali . 
  that doesnt really give us any info on the perps except for them really hating atleast one person in the family and being willing to cause collateral damage to get to them . 
  could be a rival gang , someone they hurt , neo nazis etc. 
  there is also the remote posibility that they were targeting someone else and screwed up and threw the grenade into the wrong window etc. 
  until we get more info we ca n't do more than speculate . 
  that doesnt make it an obvious immigrant thing . 
  biker gangs and other crime syndicates have used bombs and grenades recklessly here for decades . 
  the is not a new problem stemming from immigration . 
  if it is immigrants that are involved they probably picked up the practice from other gangs here . 
  it 's pretty obvious that the 8 year old was n't the target . 
  this is not new with immigration . 
  we 've had biker gangs and mafia types throwing grenades at each other for decades . 
  especially in gothenburg . 
  this was going on before immigration took off . 
  nah this is gothenburg . 
  it could be anyone really . 
  grenades have been the favorite remote execution method of all the various crime syndicates here for decades . 
  swedish or immigrants . 
  yes !, 
  packed crowds are known as ideal places to pull out a gun for self defense !, 
  when a group of guys crowd in around you to assault you they will politely stand back and let you fumble your gun out and raise it . 
  they will absolutely not take it from you and stash it in their own pocket for later use . 
  that has never ever happened . 
  yes . 
  and at much higher rates too !, 
  it is if it is dark the rest of the year . 
  we northerners have to extract as much as we can during the summer because in the winter there is very little sun . 
  try a winter up here and see how healthy lack of sun is for the mind . 
  so like in the west a hundred years ago then ? 
  now in the west pale means you have to work a lot and tan means you are rich and can afford to lay on the beach . 
  do n't they have a switchboard you can call ? 
  i guess it 's a place to place thing . 
  i live in gothenburg , sweden and a few years ago someone stole my backpack out of a building i was in . 
  ( opportunist entering an open door and grabbing the first not nailed down thing he saw . ) . 
  i 've heard lots of stories about police not showing up etc. 
  but someone spotted the guy running with a backpack in his hands and called the police . 
  they were there in a few minutes with k9 units and everything searching the neighbourhood . 
  they never got the guy but i ca n't fault their effort . 
  thats like two guys plus equipment . 
  maybe he was targeting immigrants that were shopping ? 
   so pray tell me , since you guys are cheering on the stockmarket losses , we 're not cheering on stockmarket losses . 
  we 're just saying `` we told you so '' to the idiots that thought leaving the eu was going to help them `` make brittain great again '', 
  and just the other day someone was using the ftse 's temporary rally as proof that brexit was the right move for the uk . 
  the uk has always been that shitty friend who demands to hang out but never wants to pay and vetos all the fun stuff . 
  over and over he threatens to flip the table and storm out if he does n't get his way and every time someone has managed to calm him down . 
  well this time he flipped the table and is on the way out the door and no one is trying to convince him to stay . 
  everyone is sick of his shit and just hopes he will go away forever . 
  he is the proverbial dog who finaly caught a car . 
  we can respect democracy and mock the voters for making a stupid choice . 
  the british people just punched themseves in the face to get back at europe . 
  considering how little there is of that compared to other horrible things we sure make a huge deal of it . 
  or people blow their pet issue out of proportion . 
  the eritrean military is more like a slave workforce . 
  you are not only a soldier . 
  you do whatever shit job the government wants doneunder apalling conditions . 
  think of it as a work camp in siberia . 
  except the entire country is a work camp and you qualified as a prisoner by being born . 
  i would get the hell out of there if i could . 
  they would never introduce something they were unsure of,
