  maybe try to stop doing shitty things and see what happens ? 
  only to learn about . 
  not to make you join . 
  is there no respect for being educated any more ? 
  do n't hold back . 
  tell us how you really feel . 
  yup for a far righter anything left of hard core conservative is communism . 
  ah but you see they were `` leftists '' ( actually more like center moderates ) so they were n't real humans . 
  a guy died in russia recently when a rocket launch set fire to a field that he was driving through . 
  once a wildfire gets started even a car is n't safe . 
  there are no words to describe how deluded you are . 
  history will not be kind to trump . 
  he is a buffoon and a crook and completely incompetent when it comes to leading anything . 
  he ca n't even stop incriminating himself for long enough to pass any meaningful legislation . 
  if you do n't see that then you are either just as incompetent and deluded as he is , or you are actively ignoring it because you are a nihilist that wants to see the world burn . 
  how exactly does me existing make trump a good choice for president ? 
  i have never met him or had any effect on him or you . 
   russia , which is a super power regional power would be closer to the truth . 
  they are trying but they are not up to superpower status yet . 
  my point was that russia likes to look strong but is actually in a much weaker position that they were before wwii . 
  as you say trying something this crazy is not in their plans . 
  mostly because they know they would get pulverized . 
  people see european freedom and lifestyle as a sign of weakness . 
  it 's not . 
  europe is stronger than people expect . 
  we just dont wave our strength around as much as some places . 
  can russia handle losing 20 + million young men again ? 
  that 's what reaching berlin cost them last time . 
  and that was against a lonely germany that was fighting ( and losing ) on at least 3 fronts against basically the rest of europe and the us . 
  and regarding fertility : russia hit 1.25 in 2000 and have been climbing back out ever since . 
  1.7 is only for the last few years . 
  population has been shrinking by on average 0.2 % per year . 
  it has not had a single year of population growth since 1991 . 
  meanwhile the eu countries have had positive growth every single year for decades and is growing on average 0.2 % every year . 
  in the age bracket 15-29 russia only has 16,7 million men and about as many women . 
  if russia goes balls to the wall total war into europe and incur similar losses to the wwii , there will be no millenial generation in russia after that . 
  the demographic effect will be catastrophic and could lead to a complete collapse of the russian state and economy in a decade or so . 
  mostly a catastrophe for russia though as their death rate was way higher . 
  these days russia ca n't just throw bodies at the problem like they did in wwii . 
  their population has been declining while europes has been growing . 
  and being the defender is always easier . 
  germany or the eu is not planning on invading russia . 
  so it 's russia that has to maintain a supply line deep into hostile territory if they decide to make a move while the eu forces are in home country defending , with superior equipment and better supplies . 
  germany has 179000 active frontline personnel . 
  france has 202000 active frontline personnel italy has 320000 active frontline personnel they do n't need active conscription . 
  also the russian military industrial complex is running at it 's peak right now trying to update their old shit equipment . 
  the european weapons industry is just running at normal pace . 
  if europe turns to a war economy russia will be dwarfed so fast their heads will spin . 
  germany , france and italy together are about twice as strong as russia . 
  you overestimate the size and power of the russian military and underestimate the size and power of european militaries . 
  that just tells me you are easily distracted by irrelevant talking points and false statements . 
  you just elected the village idiot for president . 
  you have no standing to criticize . 
  so basically you perception and analysis skills arent that strong then . 
  going through the vatican museum is a very desensitizing process . 
  at first you marvel at the statues and art pieces . 
  you spend lots of time admiring each one . 
  towards the end you you just go : `` oh yay , another room full of damn statues '' . 
  even the caretakers of the museum seems to have given up at that point as the collections become increasingly random and the labels are fewer and fewer . 
  and then at the end you join the loudest museum crowd in the world in the sistine chapel where guards shout every 30 seconds at the top of their lungs that everyone should be silent , while you are being almost forcibly herded towards the exit . 
  [ the antipope you say ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggbhfxpqbgi ), 
  keep telling yourselves that . 
  how about the prison population crisis ? 
  no economy is sustainable if 1 % of the population is in prison at any given time and the ones who get out ca n't get jobs . 
  eventually you will end up with so many unemployable ex-cons that whole areas become lawless because of crime and poverty ... oh wait that already happened . 
  i do n't think even the refugee crisis is the reason . 
  if the refugee crisis happened in a healthy strong economy with low unemployment and good real wages then the populist reaction would n't have been nearly as strong . 
  the fact that it happened on the tail end of a recession is the most important factor . 
  people who feel economic pressure are more likely to feel threatened by outsiders and more willing to listen to populists promising an end to the hard times if only you enact their policies . 
  it makes a certain kind of sense that if you keep out new people then there will be less competition for resources . 
  our brains are too primitive to realize that the scarcity we experience is artificial and that the ones who are actually hogging all the resources are n't the immigrants , but the super rich . 
  populism is promising imposible things to get votes . 
  it happens on both sides of the spectrum and is based on making idiots feel validated and making people think there are easy solutions to complex problems and that all the wrongs in society can be blamed on a specific group or ideology and if you get rid of them then utopia will follow . 
  anyone willing to stop and think for 5 seconds will immediately start finding the flaws , . 
  the populist simply bets on enough people not thinking any deeper than the surface level of his words . 
  `` less taxes bring more prosperity !, 
  '' , `` crime is caused by immigration '' , `` all men are potential rapists '' , `` the eu is telling us how to live '' , `` free healthcare for all and taxbreaks ! '', 
  are all populist statements . 
  every politician dips their toes in the populist stream every once in a while to give themselves a boost . 
  however the true populist goes and stands in the middle of the stream , completely losing touch with the shore of reality and any society that joins him there will be swept down stream and drown if they do n't somehow pull themselves out of it . 
  this was arround even before youtube . 
  look at the watermark . 
  rathergood.com was the source of a lot of early internet animations and pieces . 
  i 'm surprised it 's still around . 
  i 'm not british , but if i was i 'd be asking cameron to kindly shut the hell up . 
  he dragged you guys into this mess with his irresponsible pandering , only to leg it out the back door once the magnitude of his screwup was evident . 
  he should n't get to have any opinion on how his mess ought to be best cleaned up . 
  at 1am with no functional fire alarm they should just be thankful that the death rate was n't 100 % !, 
  incredibly irresponsible of whoever owned the building . 
  could be that the daughter told the mother about the abuse and told her they took pictures ok so it turns out the daughter was 3 . 
  but still . 
  the mother might have been suspicious and decided to have a look for that reason . 
  spain had it more recently than the rest of us ( except maybe greece and portugal ) . 
  people who are now middle aged were born under franco . 
  millennials in spain grew up with parents who lived through the dictatorship . 
  it 's noteworthy that spain is one of the only countries that lacks an influential far right party right now . 
  in sweden we actually use both decimeters and decilitres in daily speak !, 
  so useful !, 
  please describe what you mean by `` vetting '' in this case .
