  known to be a shit show that intentionally incites situations . 
  ( got charged with inciting a kidnapping incident in south america among other shady stuff ) in this case they chose as their guide a very outspoken anti-immigration guy just to stoke things even further . 
  there was even some reports that they intentionally filmed drug dealers , who then got aggressive when they would n't leave . 
  because everyone else sucks even more . 
  ah yes . 
  the native americans just moved to mexico then ? 
  does that go for the us as well ? 
  horseriding and horse breeding was her big interrest in her youth . 
  whe definitely knows how to fool them . 
  yes but since when are we taking our cues from idiots ? 
  either that or accept the cost of doing business . 
  species eradication is an insane response to some economic loss . 
  build better fences then . 
  or accept that nature is nature . 
  going from 97 % to 96 % is not displacement . 
  quit your bullshit . 
  yet none of your text walls contained proof of demograpjic destruction . 
  just some phrases by some people, 
  no i asked for proof of demographic destruction . 
  none of that is proof that any such thing is happening . 
  that 's not what parties are for . 
  only morally corrupt populists think that the way to do politics is to say anything for votes . 
  really ? 
  i would like to see some citations please . 
  `` demographic destruction '' ... some people are so deluded by politics they think that their alt-right news sources arent morally corrupt lying garbage . 
  in 1996 the party leadership had to send out a memo to the local orgs that members were to stop coming to meetings in ss uniform as it was bad press for the party . 
  or the left doesnt believe that there is a `` demographic destruction of the people '' going on in reality . 
  basically you demand that all partys agree to the problem as you describe it . 
  not sweden . 
  yet it fits so well . 
  i was talking about the intelligence reserve that makes up the sd party in sweden . 
  people think they will be good because they criticize immigration but they continually demonstrate their complete incompetence and are an ongoing embarassment tothe country . 
  the only thing that has kept them from any scandals like the one the current government is involved in is that they have been kept from power . 
  i 'm convinced that if they gain actual power they will be just as embarassing as all other alt right governments have been so far . 
  we do n't know that . 
  they talk a big game but it might turn out like trump . 
  this year alone three ( ! ), 
  highly placed members of the party have been convicted for serious crimes . 
  ( child sexual abuse , embezzlement and battery . ), 
  it only came to light recently . 
  there are rumblings about a vote of no confidence . 
  the government was in a weak position as it was and it is likely that they wo n't make it to the end of the month . 
  the only problem is that there is no clear path to a new government so there might have to be a snap election just a year before the normal election . 
  as i said this only broke last week so we will see where it ends up . 
  most likely the pm will try to save himself by throwing some other ministers under the bus , but it remains to be seen if that is enough . 
  even if he does save himself from being kicked out he wo n't survive the election next fall . 
  i will never understand farmers who let their animals roam freely and then expect the government to child proof nature around them . 
  it 's the same on northern sweden with the wolves . 
  more like : member nation plans to break eu treaty and eu reacts . 
  yes all this economic growth and prosperity will sure be the end of us !, 
  we have lost territorial control ? 
  when ? 
  did the scanians rebell ? 
  we are doing better than you idiots . 
  thank you very much . 
  he is locked up for the rest of his life . 
  that 's his punishment . 
  if you think this is about immigrants you are too dumb to speak on the issue . 
  muslim extremists are by definition right wing extremists . 
  you do n't get much more conservative than an islamist . 
  yupp, 
  i did though . 
  it is never about thise things in cases like this . 
  asking whats wrongwith them is a red herring meant to distract from the real intentions of the people claiming to support them . 
  securing control of the judicial branch is always a precursor to rights abuses . 
  that 's why they need that control , because they want to be able to step on peoples rights without consequence . 
  yes . 
  all that economic growth and equality is truly frightening !, 
  why are we talking about immigration ? 
  that 's not the subject . 
  i 'm talking about the executive trying to gain power over the judicial branch . 
  [ test your might ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eawwpadfsoa ), 
  idiots can appear in many forms in various countries . 
  when it 's used as a smokescreen to bring in dictatorship and human rights abuses . 
  i thought it was pretty clear that macron was a liberal . 
  the left ca n't act surprised that he is n't one of them . 
  i think the left knew very well that they voted for him because the other option was a party founded by nazi collaborators . 
  africas problem has always been it 's lack of strong institutions . 
  ever since colonization ended it has been far too easy to rally a mob with guns and take the presidency of some country . 
  the african countries that work somewhat well do so because it has created lasting institutions . 
  the ones that are an endless flow of revolutions and upheavals are the ones that never even realize that having strong institutions is important . 
  this should also serve as a warning to any european that is tempted by strong man rethoric . 
  africa is basically `` strong men getting things done '' coast to coast , and it 's a disaster . 
  the most important thing a democracy needs is someone that can say `` no mr president . 
  you are not allowed to do that '' and have the power to make the president back down . 
  in african dictatorships the few institutions that exist act as rubber stamps for the president and the president treats the whole country as his own piggy bank . 
  the day an african country has a parliament that tells the president to sit down and shut up when he wants to do something illegal is the day that country joins modern civilization . 
  edit : also the day a western nation does not tell the president/pm to sit down and shut up when he wants to do something illegal is the day that country abandons modern civilization and starts on the road to becoming a third world style dictatorship . 
  i guess that 's the difference . 
  the british and the french were planning for long time gain and realized they needed the people reasonably ok to be able to profit form the colony long term . 
  they still did bad shit but they knew they could n't just work everyone to death if they wanted to keep profiting in 50 years time . 
  leopold was just stripping the country bare as fast as he could with any means necessary . 
  whether or not the people survived was irrelevant . 
  so he was willing to pay psychopaths well to force the people to extract the resources . 
  the weird thing was that throught out it all he himself did n't lift a finger . 
  `` karlatornet '' and they will be building it in gothenburg north of the river . 
  even as the gestapo police headquarters in a dystopian sci-fi movie it 's a bit over the top . 
  holy crap !, 
  what happened there ? 
  a giant scooped up a whole neighbourhood and smashed it together ?
