  already the birth rate is a stable 2 billion per generation for a couple of generations now . 
  the current increase is simply increased life expectancy worldwide . 
  besides , what could posibly be gained by not teaching this monumental and pivotal moment in european history ? 
  if german muslims want to understand the nation they live in they have to know about the holocaust . 
  you ca n't ignore it because pretty much all of post wwii german history is a consequence of it . 
  do n't hit your kids . 
  we do n't care if it 's legal in your country . 
  it 's illegal here and we 'll charge you with child abuse . 
  that does n't stop other more radical feminists from being opposed . 
  hey when you 're destined to rule the world you ca n't be making no apologies . 
  no enough life experience maybe ? 
  we have had them in sweden for a while . 
  it 's completely unreadable . 
  seems designed to hide information rather than show it . 
  to be fair there is something else they also have : a whole continent covered in silos , a huge airforce and a large fleet of stealth subs filled with nukes all preprogrammed to hit targets all over their country within 30 minutes of a detected launch . 
  they will think long and hard before using those nukes . 
  probably not good enough to allow that . 
  if russia steps over the line they will get stomped . 
  they know this so they are using salami tactics . 
  basically picking off a small slice at a time using insurgents and misinformation to confuse and paralyze until it is too late . 
  however they know that if they go too far then even just two or three european countries could roll up and pulverize whatever invation force they bring . 
  the old superpower days are over , however much putin pretends otherwise . 
  yupp . 
  yupp . 
  ours is german . 
  exactly . 
  if you work you should get paid . 
  it may be minimum wage , but it 's no longer benefits if you have to work for it . 
  then it 's a wage . 
  the model presented in the article is mental gymnastics meant to make middle class conservatives feel warm and fuzzy about the `` welfare queens '' being forced to work while avoiding that pesky detail of having to actually pay the workers a fair wage . 
  in the long run it will outcompete legit businesses and create even more low-skilled unemployed to funnel into the forced work program . 
  doing slavelabor at less than minimum wage is not going to counteract those effects . 
  brittons like to imagine that the brittish isles are on their own little continent . 
  most likely because you are one of the last countries to try it . 
  most of the others implemented it a few years back , before / r/europe got big . 
  it 's the definition of slavery actually . 
  basically the slaveowners on the old days would provide you with housing and food . 
  ( much like the municipalities do with benefits ) . 
  in exchange they were forced to do whatever work the slaveowner demanded they do or they would be punished . 
  in those days they would get whipped . 
  in our day the food and shelter gets taken away ( no more benefits ) . 
  in essence it is the same thing . 
  the only real tangible difference is that in the modern form you can walk away . 
  you get no benefits but atleast they wont hunt you down and drag you back to work . 
  however the prospect of 0 income is enough to keep most people from doing that as most people involved are on the brink of being broke at all times . 
  this is happening in sweden . 
  `` benefits for work '' is a scam meant to funnel money into the pockets of unscrupolous business and hide the unemployment numbers wwhile winning votes among middle class conservatives . 
  `` working for benefits '' is such an oxymoron . 
  if you are being given money in exchange for work then you are recieving a wage . 
  that wage has to follow the laws and regulations that govern wages . 
  to call it benefits is just trick of language in order to justify circumventing wage laws and getting an extremely cheap work force . 
  it feels good in a kneejerk kind of way to demand that benefit recipients work to deserve them . 
  but if there is work to be done , why do n't they simply hire these youth ? 
  it would lower the youth unemployment and give them a much needed self esteem boost . 
  instead they effectively become slave labor ( slave owners would traditionaly house and feed their slaves ) which has to be both humiliating and damaging their future . 
  if not the police then some other independent body . 
  too many conflicts of interrest in parliament . 
  oh definitely . 
  and add on top of that tha is is only marginally cheaper than buying `` real '' ready made food at various locations and i do n't understand why anyone buys it at all . 
  yeah that tiny burger you can eat five of before getting full is about $ 1 . 
  everything else is more expensive . 
  sweden , i was offering it as a contrast . 
  i should hope so . 
  i do n't think the average member of parliament is very well versed in forensics . 
  on a more serious note it is fascinating that this is even a question . 
  a high ranking politician was murdered . 
  we still have an open investigation into the murder of our prime minister 29years ago . 
  this investigation should have been started by the police immediately and should be ongoing . 
  parliament should have no ability to affect the investigation in any way . 
  what about andorra ? 
  anything will make you fat if you cram down enough for three people every meal . 
  it 's not cheap in europe . 
  it is very cheap in the us . 
  they have the whole `` dollar menu '' thing going there wereas the only items we have that even approach that price is the tiniest and simplest hamburger and the sundae . 
  there are n't nearly enough bodybuilders to make a dent in the numbers . 
  the crushing majority of people with a bmi over 30 are obese . 
  most people do n't work out so yes you are an irregularity . 
  my girlfriend ( from spain ) was giving me shit for making suce with butter for the food yesterday , telling me that mediteranian people eat healthier than us . 
  apparently they still manage to get fatter !, 
  ( to be fair the spanish numbers could be offset by fat brittish pensioners . ), 
  what you call `` racism '' is actually known as `` institutional racism '' where a prevailing specific racist ideology permeates society because a certain group is in power . 
  regular racism is just a subset of prejudice and the actions associated with it . 
  more specifically prejudice based on race . 
  trying to redefine racism to only include institutional racism is really jsut an attempt to relabel her own racism as not racism . 
  edit : also in her case she by definition is in a position of power . 
  to , from a position of power , institute policies based on race is the very definition of institutional racism . 
  she is using the institution she has power over to discriminate against students based on race . 
  this breed of social justice activist is a variant of the `` protester '' that latches onto an ideology because protests give him/her an opportunity to fight and vandalize shit and still feel moraly superior . 
  in this case it is a sociopath that latches onto the idea of equality and social justice because it gives her the opportunity to be the bully and still feel moraly superior . 
  there is a point where it becomes imposible to parody someone because no matter how dumb you make them look they will do something even dumber soon after . 
  apparently she still managed to get herself into a position of power and immediately used it to discriminate . 
  but apparetly being in a position to discriminate someone does n't mean you have power ... 
  is yoda coming up with the terms now ? 
  go have a look at tumblr . 
  the most milky white girls you will ever see claiming they are 1/64 navajo or some shit so they can claim to be `` people of color '' , accusing brown people of being white for disagreeing with them . 
  but say they go insane and say `` screw the treaty ! '', 
  and do it anyway . 
  what then ? 
  they tend to be a little foggy on where exactly the borders of their country are . 
  looks like the russian people cant get back under the thumb of the oppressors fast enough ...
