  the rest of the world will come down like a ton of bricks and russia will be lucky if it is only a conventional army that invades instead of nukes to the major cities . 
  no even other peopke of their specific minorities facepalm constantly over their statements . 
  and if you are an african who disagrees with them they do not hesitate for a second to call you uncle tom or `` house-negro '' on national tv . 
  [ as a swede ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usschoqttyq ), 
  i 'm sure this time it wont be a bubble . 
  right guys ? 
  guys ? 
  think of norways ice car taxes as an emissions tax . 
  considering 99 % of norways electricity production is hydro , ev 's are virtually emissions free . 
  meanwhile ice vehicles lower the air quality , increase noise levels , contribute to climate change etc. 
  it is completely in the interrest of norwegian society to discourage ownership of ice vehicles by making them pay for poluting . 
  i think that besides that period swedens golden age is happening right now . 
  we are strong economically and culturally . 
  our scientific development and quality of life is among the best in the world . 
  all we have to do now is not squander it . 
  should have used a higher level cleric . 
  wolfram alpha does n't agree with you population growth per year : http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=population+growth+rate+per+year+russia absolute population : http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=population+russia, 
  something abut how swedes are in denial and downplay issues that plague the country . 
  obviously he , having read some stuff online , knows much more about the swedish situation that the people who live here ... basically nationalist guy being horrified that we let brown people into sweden . 
  it 's weird how many foreigners are concerned about us and our racial purity . 
  there were no riots !, 
  i live here . 
  i would have noticed . 
  there was a crimewave of vandalism against cars . 
  if the police never manages to lay eyes on the perpetrators it is not a riot . 
  tl ; dr : you do n't live here . 
  you know nothing of the situation here . 
  piss off with your ignorance . 
  but it 's ok !, 
  they made up some bullshit rules that make it ok when they do it !, 
  but god help you if you somehow run afoul of one of their ever-changing obscure rules . 
  rather it is people who say really racist shit but claim they are actually fighting racism . 
  also they seem to be really into segregation for some reason ... 
  to be fair it is very close to sweden . 
  but russia is so good at defending russian speakers in europe . 
  surely they got this . 
  what ? 
  like a commoner ? 
  do n't be absurd !, 
  you live in russia and worry about lack of space for graves ... 
  no they definitely bungled their campaign in general . 
  no excuse for that . 
  but if they can have the eu debate the same week as the eu election then they can fit the national debate somewhere in the time between the end of may and the middle of september . 
  the left had more time . 
  had the nazis prevailed the statistics would have looked very different . 
  well usually we dont get the eu and national election in the same year . 
  i think it 's only every 20 years . 
  so putting the national debate right before the eu elections has the posibility of effecting the outcome . 
  especially for a party that suddenly seems invisible because they were n't invited . 
  they should have been more careful about separating the two events . 
  the illogical part was why the national debate was before the eu debate . 
  it should have waited until after the eu election . 
  basically it was a combination of three things : 1 ) the pirate party is a boring party that is serious about politics , works hard and does n't cause scandals = news do n't like reporting on them when they can report on the shitfest that is public debate between the extreme right and extreme left in sweden . 
  2 ) the debate schedule was really weird and it almost seems like the media has been deliberately keeping them out of the news as much as posible . 
  3 ) the party completely bungled the campaign . 
  honestly if i did n't read reddit and follow them on facebook i would not know they were even running in this election . 
  i do n't know if it was an economic issue or what , but there was a distinct lack of posters ( there were some , but they were few and far between . ), 
  and the huge yugoslav immigration that solved the labor shortage in the 70 ` ies . 
  and the jewish immigration during/after the war . 
  the current influx of educated professionals is also doing a lot . 
  as is the huge immigrant workforce that is the backbone of the swedish service industry . 
  sweden is still , after decades of this `` incredible harmful immigration '' , after decades of rightwingers proclaiming the coming collapse of the swedish economy and social fabric , one of the richest , most productive , most open , most happy and least corrupt countries in europe . 
  what ? 
  that phrase ? 
  pfffttt !!, 
  are you serious now ? 
  hard work , good social policy and avoiding two world wars made sweden great , as well as adopting cultural practices , technology and people from all over the world as we came across them . 
  the somewhat isolationist remark one time by one prime minister is more or less irrelevant to this question . 
  seriously point at something in modern life that is `` uniquely swedish '' and i will find the foreign country we adopted it from . 
  you have to be delusional to believe the far right are the saviors of anyone . 
  last time we tried that some 50 million people died . 
  and that 's counting conservatively . 
  do you know what made europe great ? 
  the ability to absorb and incorporate ethnic groups and cultures . 
  yupp . 
  most colors we can see about 250 shades of . 
  for green it 's 2500 . 
  the pirates have been doing a hell of a job in the eu and we will be going towards a darker time for privacy and freedom of expression if they do n't make it in . 
  i hope some other countries pirate parties make it in as well to lend more weight . 
  they got my vote again at least . 
  i have never experienced a party that so consistently deliver on their election promises . 
  haha !, 
  but seriously that box thing is genius and we should steal the idea from you guys . 
  imagine that guys reaction if it turned out to be a family member leaving something in the garage . 
  who wants to join me in starting the good things should happen party ? 
  oh i had no idea they had already creatd the system !, 
  that is basically exactly what i imagined in a battery swapping system . 
  did they mention the price anywhere ? 
  the battery is gigantic though . 
  basically the whole undercarriage is a huge battery . 
  yupp not to mention harbours within striking distance of the baltics , poland , germany , denmark and the uk . 
  i think so . 
  nato is in the end a western organization and they would not allow that type of massive belingerence . 
  ultimately an invaded finland or sweden would put nato nations at risk as well as disrupt markets and economies . 
  it would hurt more . 
  they would have to commit more forces to it , which would give the rest of the west more time to react . 
  that cost/benefit calculation will most likely keep them from going for it . 
  in crimea it tipped the other way . 
  the government was in disarray and the defenses were weak . 
  they pretty much strolled in and said `` this is ours now '' and everyone else said : `` waitaminute !,
