  we used to have a lot of fights in the past but now we 're cool and we do n't get too involved in each others lives . 
  except that we hit you up for booze all the time . 
  norway is definitely the younger brother in the comparison , always under the control of either brother and always torn between them . 
  finaly he is standing up for himself and is doign his own thing . 
  both older brothers are a bit envious of his stroke of luck in finding oil and getting suddenly disgustingly rich . 
  but we still have a hard time seeing him as anything other than the little brother we used to pick on all the time . 
  either way this dynamic makes us feel like we know each other while we really do n't . 
  denmark and norway ends up paying a lot more attention to sweden than vice versa . 
  sweden is kind of self sufficient and happy in it 's own little bubble . 
  we tell ourselves we are well traveled and knowledgeable but in reality that just means we go to thailand on vacation a few times . 
  in the end i think every country struggles with this to some extent . 
  some more than others . 
  i do n't know what my point is really other than to partially agree with you with the reservation that i hear the same kind of rethoric from norwegians , danes , germans and dutch so in the end we are all a bit ignorant of our similarities and like to uphold general virtues as typical for our own group . 
  true but if you listen to some people in sweden it 's one of the worst typical swedish traits . 
  this thread is rather telling in that regard, 
  itt : europeans demonstrating that jantelagen is not a swedish phenomenon . 
  did they have to make it so incredibly ugly ? 
  nothern europe has it . 
  hopefully this will be expanded to you guys soon . 
  i guess us scandinavians got it first because we are the worst pirates . 
  you 'll be getting some of mine in a few weeks . 
  hopefully that will hold you guys over for a while / northern imperialist scum, 
  it seems like that would defeat the purpose . 
  look at european history up until the forming of the coal and steel community in the 50 ` ies . 
  then look at it after . 
  the eu is the most ambitios and most successful peace project in history . 
  because you would n't ask that question if you did, 
  you are painfully ignorant of european history . 
  clearly you dont know how licencing works . 
  i see no need for the salute ever . 
  as far as the swastika goes , i do n't see much need for that either . 
  it 's not like they took either symbol from us or that we are missing anything by not having them . 
  right , but i do n't think there is a single living european that is n't well aware of the modern meanings of those symbols . 
  trying to play it off as a `` roman salute '' or `` but the hindus use it ! '', 
  is just calling the rest of us idiots . 
  yes but calling it the `` roman salute '' is a deflection meant to confuse us into thinking that it is not a nazi salute . 
  sure it wasnt to start with , just like the swastika was n't a nazi symbol to start with . 
  but if you see someone who is n't from india sporting a swastika today do you think `` aww !, 
  he must really appreciate hindu culture '' ? 
  1 . the `` roman salute '' thing is a myth . 
  it was retconned into history by 19th century nationalists and romantics . 
  you know damn well what it means in modern times . 
  it is intellectually dishonest to pretend otherwise . 
  surely you mean licencing the technology for use by other nations ... for a price . 
  this is assuming we just dump the products out on the market untested . 
  well when the alternative method is torturing animals it starts looking differently . 
  why do n't more of them start their own companies ? 
  is regulation in the way or cultural factors etc ? 
  the fact that they are n't a bunch of dying old men is explained by the fact that every year or so britain would send a new detachment to force the old guys to go home at gunpoint . 
  invariably the new detachment would stay as well . 
  this what started out as a symbolic small force quickly swelled to number thousands . 
  fun fact : riga was at one point the largest city in sweden . 
  britain has chavs . 
  i suspect that 's a huge part of the problem right there . 
  in general violence and murders will follow the socioeconomic situation in any country . 
  that said easy access to guns + bad socioeconomic situation = explosive increase in violent death and murder . 
  finland has the guns , but they are regulated and the country is in a fairly good economic situation so the crime rate stays low . 
  england has few guns but lots of economic and social problems which brings up crime and violence even without guns . 
  the us has both the guns and the socioeconomic issues leading to an even higher rate . 
  you vilified yourself . 
  i am working on beating an addiction !, 
  better vilify me !, 
  as i said . 
  you 're hilarious . 
  i do n't give a shit who pat condell is or what he has to say . 
  i live here . 
  you do n't . 
  you have no idea what my country is like and would do well to stop giving attention to the extremists and people who have a vested interrest in obscuring and twisting facts to fit their agenda . 
  all i see in this post is lots of statement ** in bolded text ** using lots of repetition in a style that is typical of internet conspiracy nutjobs . 
  not exactly helping your case . 
  add to that that the things you say is unverifiable nonsense and you can understand why i remain skeptical . 
  you know nothing about me and yet you have formulated this whole idea of who i am and what i stand for . 
  you , on the other hand , have exposed your position quite handily and it is so loony i 'm not even going to engage as it will be like wrestling pigs in the mud : useless and filthy . 
  your ignorance and bigotry is hilarious . 
  yes but there are still rules . 
  you cant just go out and buy a gun in a random store on a whim . 
  so while there are lots of guns , there is also gun control . 
  more relevant is to look at unemployment and poverty . 
  you will notice that black communities in the us have a huge problem in this area due to having been dealt a pretty shitty starting hand . 
  ( slaves for generations and then pretty much left to fend for themselves . 
  it takes time to build a culture of education and hard work when hard work used to mean being under the white mans whip and education is something that was historically provided by white people . ), 
  crime and murder goes up among black and white people alike when poverty and unemploment goes up . 
  desperate people do desperate things etc. 
  yeah i dont get that . 
  sm\u00e5land is basically woodland with almost no people . 
  i guess they had one murder and it made the rate skyrocket . 
  someone fudged their maths . 
  [ the numbers are way off ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_sweden#homicides ), 
  i 'm fairly certain the numbers are off . 
  those kind of homicide rates would have made the news . 
  [ homicide rate of sweden on wikipedia is reported as 1/100 000 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_sweden#homicides ), 
  we already take on a crapload of immigrants and send a crapload of financial aid . 
  we were willing to lend the money . 
  we jsut wanted there to be a string or two attached so that we are n't just throwing it into a black hole . 
  haha no . 
  they are our pals that we jokingly make fun of any opportunity we get . 
  but they are our brothers . 
  just like the norwegians and danes . 
  well we stayed out of the euro zone for precisely this reason . 
  also loans without guarantees is like giving away money .
