  are poland , bulgaria and czech republic having some kind of retarded competition ? 
  the ones who do n't vote have no right to complain when later someone undesirable gains power as a result of their inaction . 
  it 's been like that for 30 years at least . 
  which is why the famine is such a crime . 
  there was no natural reason why people should starve in ireland . 
  it was entirely a result of decades of horrible policy finally culminating in mass starvation . 
  the free movement of labor in the eu allowed thousands of people to go and work in the uk . 
  when that ends it will be a much bigger hassle for europeans to go over and work there . 
  if the companies cant find talent because of brexit they will leave again, 
  it 's also staples of non religious . 
  the soviet union was atheist and also locked up gay people in mental institutions or sent them to the gulags . 
  people are shitty . 
  religion is just one of many excuses they hide behind . 
  i 'm not saying there 's nothing there . 
  i 'm just saying that people are plenty shitty even without islam to help them . 
  let 's not ascribe everything to religion . 
  let 's allow for people to just be assholes also , with nothing to blame . 
  blaming everything on islam lets the assholes off the hook in my opinion . 
  islam does n't have a patent on being shitty to women . 
  disproportionate ? 
  maybe . 
  muslims are 1,2 billion . 
  about 1/5 to 1/6 of the world population . 
  no way . 
  it does n't really bear out in the broader sense either . 
  worldwide you have lots of terrorism by other groups as well . 
  most of it various separatist groups like the tamil tigers of the farc guerilla etc. 
  we do n't hear so much about them since they tend to hit local populations in third world countires whereas the attacks we notice are here in the west . 
  just saying that it 's not even remotely true that muslims stand for 95 % of terror attacks . 
  in sweden it 's more like 50 % or so . 
  the other half being far right and neo-nazi groups . 
  in 2017 there have been 3-4 far right terror attacks ans one islamist one . 
  the far-righters have n't managed to kill anyone in 2017 yet . 
  however since the 90 ` es they have at least 10-15 people on their victim list . 
  one of which was a guy who stabbed a student and a teacher to death in a racially motivated attack in a school . 
  outside of sweden you have high profile cases like breivik killing 8 people with a bomb in oslo and then personally shooting kids one by one with guns at a summer camp for politically active youth , killing 69 . 
  319 were wounded but survived . 
  other noted non-muslim terror attacks in europe includes : minsk metro bombing 2011 : 15 killed omagh bombing 1997 : 29 killed , 300 + injured pudjuevo bus bombing 2001 : 12 killed , 40 injured, 
  ** the terrorist did not have a residence permit !, 
  ** yet another `` solution '' that has nothing to do with the events themselves . 
  no i get it . 
  i just think it 's a bad move . 
  useful idiots because they are voting for their own future oppressors . 
  it 's like burning down the village to save it . 
  if they are so worried about developments they can start their own party instead of voting for disguised fascists . 
  useful idiots exist in every demographic . 
  because they constantly slip up and show it with their behaviors . 
  also it was n't that long ago that they were the ones harassing and beating up gay people . 
  currently gays are a great political prop against muslims so they are pretending to like them . 
  once they get what they want in regards to muslims they will throw the gays under the bus asap . 
  no just a young person able to observe objects with eyes . 
  new buildings are often flat and boring . 
  most of the time because of talentless architects who just draw the same building over and over . 
  meanwhile the old parts of the city is where people like being because of the aestetic value of the neo-classicist style . 
  edit : i definitely prefer the materials and building standards of newer buildings . 
  that 's not the part i 'm complaining about . 
  her followers also want to kill you . 
  they are just not vocal about it . 
  meanwhile in sweden irish `` roofers '' and `` roadworkers '' roam the countryside scamming and harassing people in houses . 
  often starting work on the property without agreement and then refusing to fix it unless paid . 
  seems like shit comes from every country eh ? 
  usually newer architecture lacks a certain artistic value that old buildings have . 
  modern arcitects are a little too fond of sharp corners and flat surfaces . 
  probably because of lack of ability to draw without a ruler . 
  why ? 
  because it does n't support your agenda ? 
  we are not tolerating it . 
  you assholes talk as if we condone this shit . 
  go back to your circlejerk if all you want to do is to push your agenda in the victims faces . 
  four is the official number as of the latest press conference . 
  the comments referred to did not show concern . 
  there was a bombing attempt on a refugee housing recently by the neo-nazis . 
  last year a swedish alt-right guy attacked and killed a teacher and some students in a school . 
  he targeted immigrants . 
  he 's a coward because instead of attacking the powerstructures he attacks defenseless civilians . 
  dude they went from flying airplanes into buildings in coordinated multitarget attacks , sending anthrax in the mail , blowing up subway stations and busses to having so little material and planning that all they can do is steal a truck at the last minute and try to hit some people . 
  that 's a huge deescalation in force and capability . 
  they are not `` getting better at '' these attacks . 
  these attacks are proof that they are getting worse at terrorism in general . 
  swedish neo-nazis are the only really active terrorist groups in sweden at the moment . 
  a recent bombing attempt in gothenburg has been dna-linked to a local group of known nazi 's . 
  ( amateurs idiots left dna and fingerprints on everything ) sure there is some friction with some of the more extreme muslims in the country but the main jewhating is still coming from the neo-nazis . 
  in the map it seems there are equal numbers of women and men in western ireland . 
  yeah that i have no explanation for . 
  sk\u00e5ne is vastly more populated and has the 3rd largest city in it . 
  kalmar and kronoberg i 'm not sure . 
  they are pretty rural as well . 
  more or less . 
  the biggest town has 35000 inhabitants . 
  the whole county has 158500 . 
  also the population has been stable at around 150000 since 1960 , so not a lot going on there . 
  this is the classic urban/rural divide . 
  rural jobs tend to be manual labor intensive and held by men . 
  women tend to go for education instead . 
  universities are in the cities so that 's where they go . 
  once there they tend to stay . 
  i think it 's in the treaty , but the eu neglected to specify a date so we will just put it off indefinitely . 
  before the crisis they were very annoyed by this fact , but during and after they backed off a bit . 
  yes and that 's what i mean . 
  unless we go full insane dictator mode a la north korea etc.
