  how they can feel entitled to that is beyond me . 
  of course there has to be something for us in it . 
  we do n't work hard to maintain a healthy economy just to give it all away to mismanaged first world countries . 
  we have our own debts to pay . 
  are you saying we were not in our right to protect our economy ? 
  i will continue to report you comments and get you banned off of this subreddit . 
  i come here do discuss things pertaining to europe . 
  not to play in hte mud with immature idiots . 
  so please take your mud elsewhere . 
  honestly i dont know where you people come from . 
  ah well time for more reporting action . 
  sorry for making your brain hurt with thinking and stuff . 
  you can go crawl back under your rock now . 
  no i 'm referring to your posting history , your use of racist slurs and imagery and you general lack of tact and sense . 
  also you do n't know a single thing about leftists or me if you think i am one . 
  i still dont see how that post is bs or how your post makes any sense as a reply to it . 
  grammar and style of talking . 
  if you are not 14 in years atleast you are 14 mentaly . 
  yeah i jsut now decided to have a look at his posting history . 
  i quickly realized i 'm wasting my time on him . 
  oh and he also just now defended himself saying that `` nigger '' is not racist or offensive to anyone and is just teasing . 
  what ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  your post makes no sense and is completely off topic . 
  look i decided to go back and look at your history and i think i now have empirical proof that you are : a ) 14 b ) an idiot c ) a massive racist ( having a differentiated black/white view is the definition of racism ) d ) not worth my time any more . 
  have fun being part of the problem . 
  i have no words . 
  ** yes it is massively insulting and racist . 
  ** and the fact that you do n't realize that tells me everything i need to know about you . 
  i think i 'm mostly speaking to the general trend . 
  plus i 'm kind of on lepringlesface 's case right now because he keeps saying he is not racist and that he can prove everything . 
  ( and then he goes and refers to black people as niggers , but totaly not racism ! ), 
  this whole thread is full of those kind of statments that i gave examples of . 
  no that is not the alternative . 
  the alternative is to figure out why , and try to fix that . 
  saying `` hur hur , i bet it was africans '' is not a solution . 
  it 's racism . 
  saying they should all be expelled is racism . 
  calling the whole group animals and saying they should not be let into the country is racism . 
  crossing the street out of fear shen you see a black person is racism . 
  what damned evidence ? 
  evidence of what ? 
  you are making so many flawed logical leaps and on top of it you are trying to pretend that calling a black person nigger is not racist ? 
  do n't worry . 
  i enjoy stomping racists . 
  i find you to be hilarius though . 
  acting all innocent and not understanding what is plain as day to everyone . 
  you just do n't like getting called out on your racist shit . 
  i was talking about lepringlesface assertion that if you have some statistics you are free to assume things about people based on race/origins . 
  oh so i 'm supposed to accept your racism around here but am not allowed to call you out on it ? 
  you started going after me . 
  now reap the whirlwind bastard . 
  the fact that you refer to black people as `` niggers '', 
  haha !, 
  you claim not to be racist in other parts of this thread and then you say this ? 
  you are deluded . 
  go be racist somewhere else . 
  piss of racist . 
  statistically most immigrants , regardless of origin , are comparatively poor . 
  especially refugees . 
  bacj in the 40ies and 50ies when finns immigrated to sweden en masse they were poor . 
  they are about as white as they come . 
  it 's hard for an immigrant to enter a new society and immediately find good footing , a good job and establish a good home etc. 
  it takes a while , usually a generation or two , before a new group of immigrants is completely integrated . 
  today you could n't point out the swede-finns in the street . 
  racism doesnt disapear because of statistics . 
  assuming someone from a certain culture will commit crimes because they are from that culture is bigorty and/or racism . 
  no matter what the statistics say . 
  proove what exactly ? 
  the real conclusions is not the racist part . 
  the racist part is the assumptions made about people without even knowing for example one poster immediately started talking about how this was proof that islam was a bad idea . 
  turns out the people in question are not muslim or even arabs . 
  the racism here is n't the conclusion that they did a bad thing . 
  everyone agrees on that . 
  the racism ( or at least bigorty ) is the assumption that they were arabic or african muslims ( because no real swede or christian could ever do something like that ) without even reading the article . 
  the problem with your statement is that , to a racist , racism is being realistic . 
  we all interpret the world through our own filter . 
  no need . 
  if you can read this thread and not see the racist undertones you are blind . 
  ethnocentrism is by definition racist as it is based on the idea that ones own ethnicity is more valuable and more deserving than all others . 
  calling it a different name does n't change what it is . 
  race is a murky concept in humans anyway as scientifically there is not enough difference to be talking about races . 
  however the underlying principles and ideals of ethnocentrism and racism are the same . 
  no i call racists racists . 
  plenty of them in this thread . 
  itt : racists , racists everywhere !, 
  they look at it as an ideal model for the kind of society they want . 
  when they compare it to their own they tend to romanticise it a fair bit . 
  i claim poes law . 
  because i have had people completely seriously pull that kind of argument in a discussion . 
  i cant tell if you are sarcastic or serious . 
  the violent nutjob part is my guess . 
  or the conservative handwringing 4 years later when its clear that portugal killed the golden goose to get at the eggs quicker . 
  apparently he did kind of a crap job as a pm in peace time after the war . 
  the transition to market economy was anything but smooth . 
  basically overnight all the state corporations were made private and every citizen was given stocks . 
  the only problem was that the former soviet union was still in the crapper so everyone was super poor , even with the stocks . 
  anyway a few old party members in high positions that happened to have siphoned off a lot of money offered to buy shares from people . 
  they ended up buying pretty much all the shares on the market at vastly undervalued prices . 
  leaving people with very little return and themselves stinking rich oligarchs .
