  from there it slowly got a little better and more stable but essentially russia ( and a lot of the old soviet union ) is a society ruled by a handful of former communist oligarchs that own pretty much everything and a large amount of very poor with almost no middle class between them . 
  also even if you do n't have much of any industry to power you can still sell it . 
  i 'm sure some industry heavy middle and northern regions would be happy to pay for a boost . 
  also if you make it a priority to develop power generation methods you gain a lot of know how and competence that can make your power generators better than everyone else who has been focusing on other things . 
  essentially building an industry for yourself . 
  no country ever lost anything by putting money into energy ( well except ukraine ) . 
  energy is the true world currency . 
  i would then point out that myself2 seemed to assume they were all there simply to squat in bad neighborhoods , cause problems and lift government checks while introducing extremist views . 
  point out where i 'm wrong . 
  maybe they were grateful until people started treating them like dirt . 
  most of them start out trying to integrate . 
  no one actually likes sitting o ntheir ass being dependent . 
  however at every turn they notice their `` hosts '' working against them . 
  making it clear that while they are allowed to stay they are definitely not welcome . 
  if they dont get a job they are resented for being a drain on the system . 
  if they get a job they are resented for `` stealing jobs '' . 
  if they hang out among their countrymen and marry their own they are resented for being isolationist and not integrating . 
  if they intermarry with the local population they are resented for `` stealing all the white women '' . 
  basically they cant win . 
  in the end they just stop trying and end up sitting in the ghetto , watching tv from their homeland and getting angry about their situation . 
  i 'm not saying every one of them is innocent . 
  i 'm jsut saying it is a bold thing to treat visitors like crap and then demand they be grateful . 
  some of them didnt have much choice . 
  unemployed in europe is a great deal better than dead in a warzone . 
  so you are saying the relatively cheap rent in the ghettos have nothing to do with it ? 
  you are saying refusal to accept placement or council housing in better areas has nothing to do with it ? 
  you are sayong the relative difficulty for someone dark skinned that is still learning the language to find a job with decent income has nothing to do with it ? 
  posibly that he spews racist bullshit in every thread . 
  but then again i might be wrong . 
  after all i only read the text in his comment . 
  because that 's not what happens and you know it . 
  people dont say : `` this is a bad thing that is happening . 
  we need to protect those women/gays etc. '' . 
  no they instead say all muslims are inferior animals that should be rouneded up and thrown out and that they by their very nature cant function in our `` superior '' while society . 
  that 's what is racist . 
  if the debate was : `` how do we help immigrants that come here see the benefit of and adopt our liberal values ? '', 
  then it would be an entirely different thing . 
  but it 's never about hat . 
  it 's alway `` throw out all the brown people and we will have utopia ! '', 
  no one is denying the problem . 
  we are just not agreeing that the problem is entirely onesided . 
  you cant shove all the immigrants into a ghetto and refuse to give them jobs while calling them vile names and then expect them to integrate in any meaningful way . 
  maybe they need to start planning projects with vacation in mind . 
  at the company i work for the christmas weeks and 4 weeks in the middle of summer are treated like they do n't exist ( even in the r&d department ) to make sure projects tont clash with vacations . 
  i need to head over there one of these days . 
  apparently i 'd be a regular don juan by comparison !, 
  ever had a hungarian housewife cook for you ? 
  they try to murder you by making your stomach burst . 
  and they will guilt trip the hell out of you if you at any point imply that you are full and do n't want more . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  to what history are you referring ? 
  those are not developers . 
  they are publishers . 
  the games are made by smaller studios and branded by the publisher . 
  most of those games originated in european studios that were then bought by american publishers . 
  hah i see someone decided to split minecraft arbitrarily into mobile vs. pc/console in order to bump it down from the 3rd place . 
  no worries it will get back up there in due time . 
   much , much better than mcd 's in my opinion this is not exactly a huge achievement . 
  oh you laugh now . 
  meanwhile swedish agents are slowly positioning themselves in strategic positions around norway in order to disrupt the food supply when the time comes . 
  yupp . 
  a friend from switzerland brought that up as a difference between systems . 
  in many countries the government has separate focus on the poor , the middle class and the rich . 
  basically treating each group as distinct and separate . 
  in scandinavia the focus is almost squarely on the middle class and every effort in regards t the poor is to try to raise them into middle class . 
  the rich are mostly left to their own devices . 
  they 're rich , they do n't need any special attention from the state . 
  it is comparatively extremely easy for a lower class kid to join the middle class . 
  basically the class shift can and does routinely happen within a generation . 
  most really poor people in sweden for example are first generation immigrants or people unable to work for various reasons ( mostly chronic sickness , disability , addiction , mental illness etc. ), 
  as well as people who remain in depopulated small rural towns . 
  of these usually their children ( if they have them ) tend to within a generation break the cycle and join the middle class . 
  this effect is even stronger among immigrant kids than natives , most multi-generational poverty in sweden is swedish rural working class , unable to find a job locally and unwilling to move . 
  coincidentally this is also where most social problems and crime happens , not in the ghetto as so many believe . 
  the big challenge right now is to keep channeling the youth , especially 2nd generation immigrants '' into school and the middle class rather than criminality and gang culture . 
  usually the prevalence of gang culture among youth is a good indicator of the prevalence of povery among the same group later in life . 
  come down to the hockey rink and we 'll let you know . 
  you americans have some weirdly shaped penises . 
  the feminist party in sweden sent a roma woman as their representative to the eup . 
  she married off her underage daughter in a similar way . 
  she then immediately proceded to betray her platform and vote for juncker . 
  her party members are doing their best to ignore these facts and hate it when you bring it up . 
  these are roma . 
  they do n't care about the rules . 
  when they talk about marriage they mean according to their own internal rules . 
  you have to remember that before the civil war syria was doing rather well . 
  most of the people fleeing now were on facebook and reddit with the rest of us before all hell broke lose . 
  of course they know that eastern europe/the balkans is the shanty town before you get to the nice big city of rich europe . 
  why would an educated father settle for begging in the street in hungary if just a few days more travel will take him to real job opportunities in the wealthier part of europe ? 
  he 's been on the road for weeks probably with his family . 
  what 's another few days if the reward is a better life ? 
  if all he wanted was to avoid getting his head chopped off but did n't mind languishing in a refugee camp then he could have stopped in turkey . 
  but he did n't because he is thinking longer than to the next moment . 
  he is thinking that this civil war does n't seem to be stopping any time soon and he needs to get his kids somewhere where they will have a chance to build a life . 
  hungary , romania , greece , these are not the places that will provide that chance . 
  that guy must be soo pissed that he failed the audition to play the kingpin . 
  random cabinet minister : `` mr president !, 
  we have an urgent matter to discuss ! '', 
  putin : `` what is it ? '', 
  minister : `` i found a european country that does n't hate us yet ! '',
