  sweden is looking to move up a few steps on that list with [ this monstrosity ] ( http://imgur.com/axosppu ) . 
  it will be 266 meters tall and the building permit was just approved recently so they should be able to get started soon . 
  edit : do n't missunderstand me now . 
  i really like the building . 
  it 's a very cool design and the fact that it 's being built together with a whole neighbourhood of matching smaller buildings is great . 
  and going downhill . 
  they are useless at hockey for example . 
  i honestly think the cancelation just used the rape as an excuse . 
  the organizers have been losing money every year for years and have been trying to downplay it . 
  finaly they couldnt keep going and instead of owning up to it they blame the rape . 
  i do think it varies with what type of concert it is a bit . 
  different genres attract different personality types . 
  however large festivals with more mainstream music seems to get more of it . 
  however 1 rape and 11 sexual harassments between 10k people and 4 days is probably below the national average even outside of festivals . 
  another factor is how well the people know each other . 
  a more well connected group will likely have less harassment than a gathering of perfect strangers . 
  same with how much alcohol or drugs is consumed . 
  more = more uninhibited people and more people unable to fend a harasser off meaning opportunists are more likely to attack etc. 
  also there are also different attitudes to it . 
  in some places people just figure it `` comes with the territory '' and therefore it does n't get reported on , while if attitudes change and news starts reporting it it seems like it 's a new thing when it 's not . 
  sweden has a long history of festivals , and older people who used to go to them back when there were far fewer immigrants in the country etc. 
  say that for a festival of that size there would be 3-4 rapes , a whole lot of sexual harassment and a ton of shit stolen . 
  in fact they have generally got safer as people do n't really accept it any more and are more vigilant . 
  and also it 's more expensive these days so the `` scum of the earth '' types that go to festivals to fight and harass people ca n't afford it any more . 
  then what ? 
  why are we talking about race or culture if your solution is not going to somehow target that ? 
  so what do you propose to do about it ? 
  deport them all ? 
  punish the innocent with the guilty because of their country of origin or the color of their skin ? 
  does it matter ? 
  they are swedish citizens . 
  `` the people doing this '' are in this case two individuals . 
  i 'm pretty sure every one else in the country knows that they are not the ones who did it . 
  they do not represent sweden as a country or even the `` swedish race '' whatever that is supposed to be . 
  they are two scumbags . 
  that 's all . 
  their own former countrymen probably think they are scumbags as well . 
  stop trying to hammer this into some racist `` immigrants are all sexual predators '' agenda . 
  yeah well you outsiders who are so concerned with the `` purity of the swedish race '' can piss off . 
  we are not your white people preserve . 
  yes but why does it matter in this case ? 
  and that 's fine . 
  you just have to allow some time for it to happen . 
  meanwhile a swedish citizen is a swede in the legal sense . 
  no reason to pretend otherwise , except to feed some agenda . 
  people like to downplay the y2k thing as a `` they thought it would be a dissaster but it turned out to be nothing '' as an example of people being alarmist for nothing . 
  in reality people were alarmist for very good reason , and the alarmism made companies and governments all over the world act to fix the problem . 
  in the end nothing happened because the problem got fixed before the deadline , causing idiots the world over to conclude that it was never a big problem in the first place . 
  i have never pretended that culture does n't exist . 
  i 'm just saying that to be swedish you only need to be a citizen . 
  that 's the only version of `` swedish '' that actually matters . 
  the rest is a matter of personal choice and not something that freedom loving people should be overly concerned with in others . 
  it 's not `` becoming '' anything . 
  festivals have always been breeding grounds for rapes , sexual assault , fighting and petty crimes . 
  it comes from packing lots of people in a small space and selling alcohol to them . 
  i guess we just do n't see the `` racially swedish '' thing as particularly important . 
  in what way does it matter at all ? 
  it was n't because the world spent billions of dollars and millions of man hours to fix it . 
  when you fix a big problem it ceases to be a big problem . 
  it does n't mean that there was never a problem and the fixing was wasted time . 
  he more or less did . 
  the whole `` swedish '' thing is a dog whistle for anti-immigrant racists . 
  `` sweden '' is a government construct . 
  the white `` swedes '' are actually at least four different ethnicities originally , that did not identify as the same people . 
  `` sweden '' was created by birger jarl ( and the catholic church ) in the 1200s to cement the power of the svea king over g\u00f6tar and other groups in controlled lands . 
  that 's what the whole folkunga rebellion was all about . 
  trying to assert the rights of the local rulers in the face of this powergrab from the stures . 
  of course the rebellion failed and sweden came into being . 
  so since `` swedish '' is not in any way an original ethnicity of sweden ( except perhaps as applied to the svea people ) you have to admit that nationality is not something that is fixed but rather something that changes and morphs over time . 
  see this is the thing i do n't get . 
  you assume anyone who is brown ca n't be born in sweden , follow swedish traditions or even like sweden . 
  in your world it 's divided between `` racially and culturally pure swedes '' and `` filthy bloodsucking ungrateful immigrant scum '' . 
  i 'm just saying that you do n't know , and making assumptions like that helps no one and makes you look stupid . 
  many of the `` pure white swedes '' you see are actually not of swedish origins . 
  a whole segment of our population that you would never guess was anything but pure ancient swedish stock has only been in the country for about 60-70 years . 
  the problem is that you make the distinction by skin color and do n't seem to realize that the largest immigrated groups up until recently were all white europeans . 
  you would never for a moment doubt their nationality if you saw a picture of them and was told they were swedish . 
  why ? 
  because you are a bigot who goes by skin color and nothing else . 
  such as ? 
  screw you we are not your white people reserve . 
  swedes look like how whoever has a swedish passport looks . 
  yeah . 
  the good news is that cannabis was never illegal for medicinal use . 
  just unapproved . 
  now it has been approved but it is severely restricted . 
  hopefully as the medical establishment get more comfortable with it some restrictions might be loosened . 
  you are confused that voting for a fascist makes people think you are a fascist ? 
  http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/a/memoe/patienter-far-godkant-for-medicinsk-cannabis in swedish but basically two people have recieved permission to use `` bediol '' , which is dried cannabis plants , as pain medication . 
  basically the sets the precedent that doctors can , on a case by case basis , prescribe cannabis as pain relief . 
  it is however likely that a lot of investigation goes into each case and that the decision is made higher up in the food chain from the individual doctor . 
  also as of this year medical marijuana is legal on a case by case basis . 
  fun fact : when finland voted to prohibit marihuana it ended in a tie . 
  they flipped a coin to determine the result . 
  actually it is legalized on a case by case basis already . 
  they could always start growing their own . 
  will all heir scientists and money they could come up with some awesome trains . 
  not the headscarves !, 
  my only weakness !, 
  paying for everything -  check !,
