  it has become a popular word that is incredibly vague and meaningless unless defined more specifically . 
  there 's a reason why i stay far away from crowds like that . 
  that 's not how you do alliances and treaties . 
  also all the russia backed rebels in their country , as well as russia annexing part of it . 
  gives a whole other subtext to the word `` united '' . 
  yeah chicken pox was no fun . 
  i can imagine that kids with weaker immune systems or with other illnesses could potentially die from it . 
  mostly fiction . 
  i mean they exist , but isis is n't nearly sophisticated enough to pull them off . 
  they are more of a fly by night operation . 
  al-qaeda was a lot better positioned for that stuff before they got torn to shreds by the western powers . 
  isis outside of the middle east relies a lot more on the method i outlined above . 
  i mean he was already pretty radicalized and followed isis stuff online so he was ready to be pushed over the edge . 
  my point was that no one ordered him to do the attack . 
  yeah but the guy who did the attack did n't know that . 
  he was just pissed that his asylum was denied . 
  i do n't think they really care to be honest . 
  sweden ? 
  in all honestly most of these attacks are a single loser getting radicalized through online propaganda and then carrying out their own local attack to `` help the effort '' . 
  it 's not so organized or centrally controlled . 
  it 's not like isis leadership in raqqa handed down the order to blow up people at a concert for teenagers in manchester or to drive a truck down a street . 
  those are local initiatives by radicalized lone wolves that isis helped radicalize . 
  basically they count on finding susceptible young losers online , getting them brainwashed and riled up and then setting them loose to do what ever comes into their heads . 
  that 's a lot harder to fight than if there was a central command issuing specific orders to foot soldiers . 
  so yeah it has very little to do with what countries attacked syria or lebanon and a lot more to do with what locations happened to have a brainwashed loser ready to go . 
  sure . 
  however it seems to me that the problem here is that food producers pass off what is arguably two different products as the same product by giving it the same package design . 
  maybe there needs to be a law to differentiate the packaging design between products . 
  well that 's not very nice, 
  i believe this is largely down to local regulations . 
  companies will always sell whatever is the cheapest possible product at the highest price the market will bear . 
  good food regulations force the food producers to sell better stuff . 
  weak regulations allow them to sell worse stuff . 
  no company is going to see good stuff cheap out of the goodness of their hearts . 
  they will only do so when forced . 
  in germany food is cheap . 
  other western european countries are much more expensive . 
  the reason for the cheap and good food in germany is a combination of intense competition between low-price brands , german frugality in general and good food regulation . 
  it 's simply not economically possible to sell expensive food in germany and it is illegal to sell bad food . 
  in the former eastern block it 's different . 
  many countries still do n't have good food safety or content regulations and enforcement . 
  and there is less competition . 
  often primarily foreign store chains that see the chance to make a bigger profit there . 
  so there is n't the same pressure to provide good food at low prices . 
  yeah that was definitely a great time in history ... 
  globalization can only be reversed temporarily , and it literally takes a total breakdown of societal structures to do it . 
  either through local tyranny ( north korea ) or widespread system collapse due to natural disasters or war ( bronze age collapse , roman empire collapse etc. ), 
  if there is a functioning society then the natural inclination of humanity is to travel and trade = globalization . 
  if you do n't have tons of them already then it 's something to do with your country and not schengen . 
  the problem is that you ca n't `` reject globalization '' . 
  it 's not a political ideology . 
  it 's an emergent phenomena of human activity . 
  ever since humans figured out that there were other people in the next valley , globalization has been a fact of life . 
  you get on board or you get left behind . 
  every country that has tried disconnecting from the global world has instantly become an economic shithole where the population suffers . 
  trade is the engine of modern living standards . 
  so a few right wing rags ca n't read un reports properly and come to a laughable conclusion ? 
  bless their little hearts !, 
  they are so cute . 
   ... spend more time with her daughter ; spending time with the family is the boilerplate every politician gives when they make a retreat from a bad situation . 
  either they are about to get caught with something bad or they are close to a situation that is about to go nuclear and they want to get as much distance as possible so they do n't get sucked in . 
  he would be as bad as them if he was n't so incredibly incompetent . 
  it was heavily implied in your first sentence :  best possible deal is paying billions in ? 
  well that may or may not be true . 
  i 'm just saying it 's not quite as simple as `` paying in billions and getting nothing back '', 
  come on . 
  you know there were all sorts of trade deals as well as free movement of goods and people that the uk benefitted greatly from . 
  a few billions in exchange for the biggest free trade market in the world is a bargain . 
  and you did n't even have to join the euro so you were insulated from the less responsible countries problems . 
  which is funny because front national was founded by people ** who actually did ** surrender to the germans in 1940 and then collaborated with them . 
  the uk was opting out of everything and getting special deals since forever . 
  you guys were just not happy with having the lowest fee and highest benefits . 
  `` the shit end of the stick '' is far from what the uk had . 
  you had the best deal posible but threw it away because of shortsighted demagoguery by your eurosceptics . 
  we have a party founded by neo-nazis in the 90 ` ies that insist they are not the same party any more . 
  only it 's the same people at the top and they keep getting caught making outrageous statements about jews , immigrants and other groups . 
  onle guy got drunk , forgot his suitcase of government papers at a pub and then when he tipped over his wheelchair ( due to rolling drunk ) and was helped up by a middle eastern guy , he immediately accused the middle eastern guy of stealing his suitcase . 
  others have nailed pickgheads to the doors of muslims . 
  the guy who is currently third speaker of the parliament claimed that jewish people can never be truly swedish etc. 
  a nazi is still a nazi even if they change out of the uniform . 
  a nazi is still a nazi even in a different suit . 
  a party formed by former ss officers and nazi collaborators is not fascist ? 
  le pens party was literaly founded by ss members and nazi collaborators . 
  a banker seems a lot better by comparison . 
  it 's also forcing tourists into more expensive restaurants . 
  would n't surprise me if there was a fair bit of restaurant owner lobbying behind this measure . 
  well we will see . 
  they are on their last attempt at ivf . 
  after that they will decide what to do . 
  like for my brother . 
  a bunch of chromosome segments decided to play musical chairs and now they 're in the wrong spot and he ca n't have kids . 
  so many hopes and dreams stamped out in a short time . 
  and for what ? 
  so some assholes can feel good about their genetics ? 
  sometimes the sheer evil of what happened really hits home . 
  if you follow the old bloodlines he probably has a half-decent claim on the russian throne , if it still existed . 
  european royalty is very intermingled . 
  discount bin brutalism : not even once !, 
  or to put it more bluntly : brits tend to have sticks up their asses while swedes are a bit more relaxed about their royalty . 
  no you are right .
