  spotify is clearly a miserable failure / s, 
  rome is the only city i 've been to where you have to fight your way to the front of a crowd to see a fountain in a public square on a random weekday . 
  you should let them know that . 
  they sure seemed to think it was . 
  good joke !, 
  because protectionism does n't work, 
  norway found oil . 
  that 's where all the money is coming from . 
  the current oil price slump is having an effect over there . 
  the day the oil runs out they will fall back quite a lot if they ca n't establish other industries . 
  this is a moot point though . 
  who cares why people dress a certain way ? 
  the point is that ukip thinks it should get to decide how everyone dresses . 
  how is that different from some imam telling people how to dress ? 
  her last name is still le pen . 
  that 's basically synonymous with fn . 
  actually reading fiction can be very beneficial and is not the same as watching movies/tv-shows . 
  fiction lets us explore ideas and gives us new perpectives . 
  movies and tv-series can also have this effect but books can go into more detail and delve into thoughts and feelings in a whole different way . 
  also reading newspapers is good for surface knowledge and updating yourself , but it does n't teach out how to think or why things are the way they are . 
  for that you need books . 
  then you are reading books . 
  the people we are talking about do not listen to audiobooks . 
   also reading books does n't make you clever . 
  no but avoiding them makes you dumb . 
  or at least ignorant . 
  also christians in areas ruled more by families than government . 
  basically it comes down to clan and `` honor '' based societies being absolutely shitty for anyone who sticks out on any way . 
  is n't this more of a `` later conquerors of ancient civilizations '' conference ? 
  outside it looks like it could be a sci-fi setting, 
  also lots of dictatorships have elections . 
  usually the dictator wins by a ridiculous margin every time . 
  which one ? 
  there was a web of cases . 
  pbviously my statement was hyperbolic . 
  same with apple in the us . 
  apple : `` we would like to patent the rectangle and ban our competitors products ! '', 
  court : `` sounds reasonable to me ! '', 
  samsung : `` we would like to compete on a level playing field , and also would like apple to pay for our patents that they infringe on '' court : `` preposterous ! '', 
  also in the sub right now is a map with germany divided among it 's neighbouring nations . 
  again no butthurt commentary . 
  only in the case of russia is there this reaction . 
  north korea is a bit of an endless standoff situation as the war is technically still ongoing and nk has all their artillery pointed at seoul . 
  if serious military intervention happens nk will reduce a city of millions to rubble within hours . 
  no wonder the rest of the world treads carefully and uses diplomacy more than weapons . 
  in r sweden we post maps with denmark erased and everyone ( including the danish ) has a laugh . 
  but post one mean thing about russia and the bots come out in force . 
  why so sensitive ? 
  the first one looks like a massive edge dislocation . 
  yeah the details were a bit different , but the whole situation was very similar . 
  the big difference was that the irish were free to emigrate while the ukranians were not . 
  the best analogue i can find is the holodomor in ukraine . 
  also a massively fertile country where people starved to death , not because of lack of food , but because of systemic mistreatment by a foreign power . 
  i hate you ... naaw !, 
  i cant hate norwegians !, 
  they are just too cute !, 
  you are just imposibly dense . 
  the rich ( or more specifically bankers and politicians ) by definition have a lot of power over how the economy functions . 
  that 's their function . 
  there is no way in getting around that fact . 
  i 'd like to see you try . 
  being jewish has very little to do with being successful ( other than that they encourage learning etc. 
  as a culture ) . 
  being a bank manager has everything to do with controlling moneyflow . 
  being a politician has everything to do with setting economic policy . 
  the fact that you cant see this and keep harping on about how blaming them is like blaming the jews is quite frankly ridiculous and offensive . 
  what !?!? 
  wtf are you on about ? 
  or more specifically are you so desperate in your attempt to shield the elite from any and all blame that you are willing to compare me to hitler ? 
  as far as i know there are no serious calls for rounding up and killing all the rich people . 
  by definition you just lost this ridiculous discussion . 
  edit : and since you seem to be a little slow i will spell this out : i am against persecution of groups of people . 
  yes even the rich . 
  however pointing out that the rich ( as a group , not all individuals ) are very culpable in the current economic crisis is not persecution . 
  your username is a lie btw . 
  what people can claim and observed reality are two very different things . 
  however keep trying to pretend that the 1 % are some oppressed minority with no influence . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  there is a huge difference and you know it . 
  being rich is not a race or nationality . 
  the 1 % contains influential business leaders , bank executives , traders , high level politicians etc. 
  they are all in the 1 % . 
  are you implying that these people do not in fact more or less rule our various nations ? 
  who does then ? 
  the homeless ? 
  the 1 % have the government and police to hide behind . 
  also a large part of the 1 % are directly involved in how the economy is run and were directly involved in the mismanagement that created the current crisis . 
  pointing fngers at them is n't thoughtless persecution . 
  it 's being very observant of reality . 
  right the bankers are defenseless . 
  when times are tough it 's easy to believe that it 's some specific persons fault . 
  some people rightly point their fingers at politicians others however see an easy target in a small minority that cant really defend itself . 
  so they simply say `` this country used to be great , now it 's shit . 
  it 's all because of < recently arrived minority group , or the jews  . 
  before they came this was paradise , now there is unemployment etc. '', 
  and people who are desperate cling to that idea because it 's an easy explanation that does not involve them being responsible for their own failings etc. 
  `` i did n't get that job because of my low qualifications '' quickly turns into `` i did n't get that job because an immigrant took it '' etc. 
  are n't the visas already really restrictive ? 
  is n't it already insanely ridiculously convoluted to get a visa to go to russia ? 
  maybe if they fixed that the eu would feel inclined to follow suit .
