  we ca n't just ban islam and be done with it . 
  if we wish to run a free society based on enlightenment ideals we cant dip into the dictators playbook whenever convenient . 
  so instead of attempting to ban islam or indeed religion in general we have to combat it with better ideas . 
  edit : and i think that 's why the ultraconservative muslims in the me ( and even in the west ) hates the west so much . 
  they can see how the method of using better ideas is succeeding . 
  the only way for them is to try to repress western culture , but how do you repress the richest , most successful and well distributed culture in human history ? 
  it is literally impossible , and they are losing ground every day , so they have to convince their followers that it is actually a war of ideas and that the western ideas look cool but are actually secretly evil . 
  the current terrorism can be seen as the death throes of fundamentalist islam . 
  the members know that life is better in a secular society . 
  the leaders know it too but they fear losing power so they fight back . 
  however they are like a swimmer swimming against the riptides . 
  they may seem energetic and like they are making headway , but the tide is going the other way and it is relentless . 
  soon they will tire and they will be swept away . 
  it 's already happening to isis they are loosing steam fast , and with it their holdings . 
  it doesnt though . 
  secularism and liberalism keeps rearing its ugly face over amd over . 
  no matter how much they try to squash it . 
  i do n't know . 
  you will have to ask them . 
  it has n't stopped german neo-nazis from existing . 
  you forgot multiple bailouts and an inheritance from his father . 
  you can still be a spoiled asshole without breaking the law . 
  and there was plenty of illegal shit that he settled and bribed his way out of . 
   never understood why ` we ' have n't outright banned such virulent strains of islam yet . 
  because banning ideas has literally never ever worked for anyone . 
  it always comes back to bite them . 
  ideas have to be combated with better ideas , not repression . 
  so is erdogan saying he will attack civilian europeans all over the world ? 
  does he realize how hilariously outmatched turkey would be in a war against europe ? 
  it 's almost as if you cant just draw a straight line through the last few datapoints and project it into the future forever and be even nearly accurate ... who would have known ? 
  just poking a little fun . 
  we have hundreds of older pieces laying about , however they are largely useless against modern forces so we do n't use them any more . 
  replacing them has n't been a priority to the politicians until recently . 
  the airforce on the other hand has always been a bit bloated for such a small nation with 195 aircrafts of which 95 are multirole fighters ( and another 60 in the pipeline ) . 
  this itself is of course nothing compared to the 50 ` ies when we had over 1000 aircraft and were the fourth largest airforce in the world . 
  museum pieces do n't count !, 
  and usually genocides were condemned by contemporary historians . 
  there was never a period of time when wholesale slaughter was viewed favorably by the world in general . 
  this is the national identity of simpleminded people in every country . 
  and they all seem to think it 's unique to them . 
  yeah here too . 
  kv\u00e4llstidningar are available from early morning and the format of the broadsheet is pretty much the same as the tabloid at this point . 
  just thicker and more indepth reporting most of the time . 
  also less front page title abuse as they do n't have to rely on selling copies . 
  i 'm going to be a bit unpopular here and say that the perception of media bias often says as much ( or more ) about the political bias of the public as it does about that of the papers . 
  where you stand politically will inform what bias you see . 
  after all there are people who think the daily mail and avpixlat.se are perfectly neutral and balanced ( and thus all other media must be a bunch of raging commies . ), 
  just like there are people who think the communist party newsletter has a clear right-wing bias and all other newspapers are essentially nazi apologists . 
  ah yes . 
  i just did n't know the terms in english . 
  in swedish it 's dagstidning ( sometimes morgontidning ) and kv\u00e4llstidning . 
  ( even though they are available for purchase from the morning . ), 
  ah so if embezzlement was always the objective then that makes it perfectly fine !, 
  so denmark has blasphemy laws but apparently we are the pc ones ... 
  i think it 's divided . 
  morning papers ( the thick ones with the long articles that rely on subscriptions ) tend to skew right wing . 
  evening news ( rely largely on selling copies in stores ) skew left . 
  tv-news skews left . 
  online media is all over the place . 
  the real problem is how the left/right divide is defined now . 
  for a large percentage of the population this is now determined entirely by immigration stance . 
  anti-immigration is seen as right wing and pro-immigration is seen as left wing . 
  so a newspaper can write about the merits of market economy and private ownership all day long but if they give even a hint that they are ok with immigration they are immediately branded a communist propaganda mouthpiece . 
  our debate climate is quite dysfunctional right now from both sides . 
  in this case it 's more that he did n't seem to actively try to hurt anyone . 
  just confused and a danger to his surroundings due to being on the wrong side of the road and having gas canisters falling off his truck . 
  not typically . 
  does n't mean they are n't there as well . 
  the ethnic swedes like biker gangs and smaller bank heist groups more though . 
  the regular hood gang tends to be composed of second or third generation immigrants that fail at life and turn to crime . 
  stop listening to horowitz . 
  the man lies constantly . 
  also if you counted properly you 'd see that you had a lot more cases than that . 
   presumably referring to trump 's order that taxpayers should n't have to fund abortion-promoting organizations ? 
  look into pence and his ilk and what they want to do . 
  i 'm not danying it . 
  i 'm just sick of american concenr trolls trying to tell me about my own country . 
  we are not becoming a third world country . 
  we are having some issues , but we have already restricted the borders and we are dealing with the issue . 
  meanwhile you guys are electing people who want to impose sharia law with christian branding . 
  meanwhile our economy is doing fine , unemployment is low and crime is still among the lowest in the world . 
  i 'm not talking about trump . 
  i 'm talking about the / r/t _ d types talking about the swedish apocaplypse like we are n't still several times better off than the us . 
  or with inept police organisations . 
  just saying that people who live in glass houses should n't throw rocks . 
  doing a lot better than you guys buddy . 
  yeah probably a box made it over the border and some gang got a hold of them . 
  in the us everyone already has guns so they just shoot each other since it 's more convenient . 
  if they had grenades they would definitely use them . 
  mostly americans go for proper bombs instead of hand grenades . 
  well since their country is so screwed up it would be nice if they would n't mouth off about the state of ours . 
  yes a single police unit can safely stand their ground against a large crowd . 
  good thinking !, 
  yes . 
  if we get 4 or 5 times worse we will almost be as bad as the us . 
  that is concerning . 
  rehabilitation does n't even come into it if you are too inept to actually catch and arrest the offenders . 
  most likely they are members of the same gang and are trying to intimidate the police into staying away . 
  so far it has kind of worked so they keep doing it . 
  we need the police to pull the thumbs out of their asses and formulate an effective strategy against this shit .
