  finnish manpower with swedish military tech . 
  i could see this being a good move !, 
  russia has already proven willing to invade and annex parts of ukraine . 
  that gives these fears a lot more credence . 
  [ sarek national park ] ( https://www.google.se/search?q=sarek+nationalpark&amp;espv=210&amp;es_sm=93&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=hkg0u_qdgovf4wtzwydobg&amp;ved=0cagq_auoaq&amp;biw=856&amp;bih=991 ), 
  go home merzoisderzo , you 're drunk . 
  if he pushes them they might pull a romania on him . 
  or even just one in lots of places . 
  that seems like having all the downsides of the euro but none of the benefits . 
  most likely he was n't complying with storage rules etc. 
  if some hoodloms broke in that would be a lot of weapons suddenly ob the streets, 
  when i go to spain or france i only have to show my id . 
  and that would be a similarly ignorant statement from the male side of things . 
  well the swedish defence minister is a captain of the marine corps so she might give your insurgets some trouble . 
  it 's a common talking point among the less informed or less thoughtful feminists . 
  if you talk to women who have only a surface knowledge of the subject you will hear things like `` if women were in charge there would be no war '' or `` if women were in charge there would be no inequality '' etc. 
  as if women were some kind of higher form of enlightened being . 
  of course any feminists who have studied the subject a bit and have thought more than one step forward will refrain from making ignorant statements like that . 
  just avoid that big sandbank in the southwest . 
  who knows what depravity goes on in that place , 
  you mean they would have started shooting live rounds earlier ? 
  nah it 's the `` sticking around to watch your handywork '' part that makes him not fit in . 
  i think we would negotiate but once boots hit the ground we would unite and fight . 
  if russian boots touch european soil we will unite . 
  it 's cooperate or die at that point , and as much as we dislike each other , it is nothing to how we would feel about a russian invader . 
  i have a hard time seeing anyone but the most eastern european countries making any deals . 
  however it is not likely to happen as russia is far too dependent on european trade . 
  well they are technically not in the ussr any more as it does n't exist . 
  however they are doing their best to keep the golden era going . 
   the nazies were known for their book ** hangings ** . 
  ftfy, 
  yeah i think there was a bit of a scandal and now they have mobilised the airforce here a little better . 
  they sure are acting like it lately . 
  routinely violating our airspace . 
  staging massive military excercises practicing sea to land invasions right outside our borders etc. 
  oh i know . 
  it 's just that sometimes the whole thing stinks and it makes me gag . 
  the fact that a western european country is charging journalists for reporting news is very disconcerting . 
  though sadly not very surprising in the current climate . 
  but they are british . 
  how can they be charged with terrorism in britain when what they actually did was report on some information that leaked out of a completely different country ? 
  i just do n't get in this case wha they are supposed to have done . 
  apparently everything is terrorism nowadays . 
  why even have this big thick law book with lots of different words and definitions for things when we are going to charge everyone with terrorism for everything . 
  soon it will be terrorism to jaywalk or drive over the speed limit . 
  british food is incredibly unhealthy . 
  yeah i think if society shows kids that we do n't give a shit about them and are perfectly willing to thrown them under the bus randomly when it suits us , we will end up with kids that do n't give a shit about society . 
  then we are surprised when they go on a looting spree . 
  i can sort of understand why they feel they need it . 
  but i cant help but think they are actually making it worse and just perpetuating a general distrust between young people and the justice system . 
  sounds fairly arbitrary . 
  asbo ? 
  exactly . 
  a guy who drives drunk is an asshole and a dumbass . 
  but he is not a burglar , mugger or drug dealer etc. 
  if we put himin jail with those guys he will be one of them soon enough . 
  i thought you had it in britain as well ? 
  put them under house arrest with an electronic ancle tracker . 
  basically they leave the house at a non approved time or go to a non approved area and the police are notified . 
  tamper with it in any way or break the rules and they may upgrade you to a prison cell . 
  which is a great idea . 
  why put people who are merely dumbasses ( dangerous dumbasses who deserve what comes to them ) in jail together with the real criminals and risk them coming back out with a drug addiction and new criminal skills ? 
  expensive and just adding to the crimerate in the long run . 
  foreign does n't mean muslim . 
  so was the bus hijacking from the perspective of the hijacker . 
  it probably made perfect sense in his head . 
  that does n't mean it is excusable or that we should take his reasons seriously and try to accomodate him on them . 
  blaming the immigrants or social democrats for creating breivik is like blaming those bus passengers for creating the hijacker . 
  in reality neither crime can be excused and the responsibility is solely on the perpetrator . 
  however in both cases we can try to understand their problems in an effort to help prevent future crimes . 
  mental issues are incredibly hard to catch early though . 
  do n't you know all brown people are muslims and do everything they do out of religious reasons . 
  also they all believe the same stuff . 
  only europeans are individuals !, 
  at some point that is not going to be reached . 
  pretty much immediate mental help would probably be a good idea . 
  however they way you worded it is that they need to `` pass '' the test . 
  presumably meaning have no mental issues . 
  a general evaluation on arrival should be standard procedure . 
  however it seemed you were saying that they need to get a clean bill of mental helth before they are allowed to even enter the country . 
  yupp . 
  essentially demanding that asylum seekers not have any kind of mental trauma from their experiences pretty much makes sure you only let in those who do n't need the help and would normaly get their application rejected . 
  yeah here in sweden we have paid for bags since i was a litle kid . 
  i 'm always surprised that these things are new concepts in some countries . 
  though it would go a long way to explain why american and uk grocery bags are so useless and thin . 
  people talk about multiculturalism like it 's some kind of new idea that has popped up the last few decades . 
  multiculturalism has existed as long as there has been more than one culture in the world . 
  europe has been exchanging and sharing culture constantly for the last couple of thousand years . 
  in roman times cultures coexisted within the empire . 
  the vikings frequently brought back artefacts and people from various cultures all the way from india and beyond etc. 
  people who are against `` multiculturalism '' seem to labor under the belief that up until the last few decades all the cultures were pristine and pure and existed in carefully designated countries with carefully divided peoples etc. 
  this is simply not true , and has never been . 
  except an adult can apply a considerable amount of pressure on a minor . 
  especially if the adult is in a position of authority ( imam , priest , parent , teacher etc. ), 
  over the minor . 
  it could very well be that the girl feels she will make her situation worse by reporting it . 
  it could also be the case that she was manipulated and brainwashed into thinking that her situation is normal . 
  ( teenagers are known for their suggestability and poor reasoning skills , whish is part of the reason why we have an age of consent in the first place . ), 
  yupp . 
  kkk sure rejected those cellphones in their day .
