  science disagrees with you . 
  children who are spanked have worse outcomes in life . 
  but children do as you do . 
  they see that you are able to use violence without repercussions , so they conclude that violence must be ok as long as it is directed as someone younger or weaker . 
  do n't get kids . 
  you obviously ca n't handle it . 
   i do have the experience of once having my hand grabbed and slammed on top of a red-hot stove surface this is against the geneva convention . 
  it is torture . 
  not even in war are you allowed to use these kinds of methods . 
  research shows that children who are spanked are rowdier , more disobedient and resort to violence faster in interactions with other children . 
  they also do worse in school and in life . 
  basically long term it has the opposite effect from the desired one . 
  no but it gives the authorities tools to stop something like this before it goes too far . 
  in this case the family initially did not break the laws . 
  with the new law they would be in violation earlier and authorities could step in ( cue accusations of `` baby stealing '' etc. ), 
  next to none . 
  research has shown over and over that it does n't happen more than a handfull of cases every election . 
  the only ones convicted for voter fraud so far this election voted for trump, 
  globaization is n't a `` project '' it 's an inevitable result of better transportation and communication . 
  anyone trying to isolate themselves will suffer the consequences in short order . 
  they just started really low , so there was no where to go but up . 
  i do n't know where i picked it up . 
  but i read a lot so it must have been when i was interested in the origins of various religions . 
  my point is that a reformed islam could do away with dependence on mecca . 
  when luther started the reformation he was pointing at longstanding practices in the catholic church which he considered out of harmony with the original christian message . 
  in the resulting split rome and the holy see became unimportant and the protestants pretty much ignored the former `` capital '' of their church . 
  likewise a reformation within islam could create their own version of the `` priesthood of all believers '' and cut ties with mecca and kaba , declaring those to be a sign that their middle eastern brethren have lost their way . 
  ahmadiyya is already a movement in this direction . 
  a more western version of this movement might gain traction among muslims who struggle with reconciling their new western lifestyle with their islamic traditions . 
  there must be many who feel torn between the two and would like to take part in the comfortable , free and organized western lifestyle without feeling like they are abandoning the very core of their beliefs . 
  obviously this will cause conflict and accusations will abound . 
  ahmadiyya are not recognized as muslim by their more traditional neighbours and are generally looked down on . 
  regarding mecca and kaba ... was n't it considered a heresy in the past to pray to kaba ? 
  i seem to remember that there was a split at some point early on and the group that controlled mecca and set up kaba ended up winning the theological fight . 
  the southerners had cool shit . 
  our winters are long and boring . 
  so we traveled south to take their shit ( or trade for it if they seemed too well armed ) . 
  seems pretty self explanatory to me . 
   if you exclude places ** where lots of people live ** , clinton got fewer votes . 
  paraphrasing your argument for you . 
  do n't worry . 
  these days they have alternative freedom !, 
  i think it was the nerdwriter on youtube that made the case that zack snyder overuses moments and montages but fails at the necessary buildup to make those moments make sense . 
  basically his movies are a slideshow of awe inspiring moments , that lack meaning because they do n't have the legwork behind them to deserve the emotions they try to elicit . 
  instead the viewer feels confused and distant . 
  `` frantically '' . 
  like when you frantically try to talk a suicidal person off a ledge . 
  it 's not a sign of humiliation but of concern . 
  trump is a child and thinks childish `` powerplays '' like not picking up the phone makes him powerful , when in reality we are all just trying to adjust to the most powerful nation in the world suddenly deciding to throw it all away and become a fascist dictatorship with no say in the world . 
  and you being or not being arabic is not relevant . 
  your reading of the situation is hilariously out of wack . 
  are you completely delusional ? 
  trump has n't humiliated anyone but himself . 
  if this is what you consider victories for trump then i guess you consider blowing a raspberry to be a winning debate move . 
  then again you support a wannabe fascist with no clue so i guess i should n't be surprised . 
  how has trump humiliated merkel ? 
  no , because we are not children so we know how national banks work . 
  on the other hand greece seems to be reducing their debt . 
  atleast in the secong graph . 
  this is the age of the idiot statesman !, 
  countries everywhere are adopting the new fad of electing or appointing ignoramuses who have no idea how the world works or indeed what treaties their own country has signed !, 
  truly this is a glorious new age for statesmanship where the prejudice of the past has been swept away to make space for even the intellectually disadvantaged to lead !, 
  they are idiots . 
  this was a closed group of shitty people sharing shitty things with each other . 
  i guess this trio finaly took it too far for atleast one of them . 
  it was n't 200 random viewers . 
  also there was probably some doubt that it was real in the beginning . 
  i mean sure a portion is from immigration . 
  but most of it is babymaking, 
  well you see when a man and a woman love each other very much ... 
  it is though . 
  we do n't care what danish city you send them to . 
  it 's your problem now . 
  ok lets cut the crap . 
  the eu consists of some of the richest nations on earth . 
  a few of the richest are outside , ( the us , switzerland , japan etc. ), 
  but the bulk of the non eu nations are relatively poor . 
  the bigger ones manage to create a middle and upper class market simply by their sheer size , but if you want to sell consistently expensive items you are going to have to trade with the eu . 
  second of all : it 's not as if the eu countries are unable to trade outside the eu . 
  in fact being in the single market helps us get better trade deals that we would outside , simply because of the sheer size and purchasing power of the market . 
  you make it sound like the uk could n't trade outside of the eu which is ridiculous . 
  most likely the trade deals ytou get as a single actor will be far less advantageous than the deals you had through the eu . 
  also imagine how many potential great scientists and geniuses had no education or money and worked in fields or begged in streets . 
  ok so you are just typing random words now ? 
  i made three statements . 
  which one are you responding to ? 
  first you are going to have to tell me what you mean by `` it 's shrinking '' second . 
  i would rather trade with a rich market getting slightly less rich , than a poor market getting slightly less poor . 
  edit : also all the info i get is that it is still growing . 
  the growth has just been a little slower than expected lately . 
  keep telling yourself that your country will get a better deal than you have now . 
  if it helps you convince yourself . 
  no i jsut do n't want to take advice from someone who is in the process of sawing off the branch he is sitting on . 
  and is claiming that it is the tree that will fall . 
  right . 
  whichever way you can justify the dumbest decision your country has made in decades ... 
  merkel dictates nothing to me . 
  i did n't realize how badly educated you people are !, 
  merkel is president of a country called germany . 
  she is not the leader of the eu .
