  also a huge problem is that there are no local police stations any more . 
  if rinkeby had it 's own station with it 's own assigned cops there would be a different attitude . 
  that 's my question . 
  in a situation like this they should be able to call in backup and have these idiots rounded up . 
  do that enough times and they will get the message and stop . 
  it 's not `` people in rinkeby '' . 
  it 's members of the same criminal gang . 
  most people in rinkeby want to get rid of these gangs as much ( or probably more ) as we do but do n't have the resources or authority of the police . 
  there is also a pervasive competency problem in the police force . 
  especially in the leadership on all levels . 
  some places stand out as better and they tend to be more successful . 
  for example these kinds of problems are more or less gone in g\u00f6teborg since the police got more serious about cracking down on the gangs . 
  after the pub shooting they managed to arrest everyone involved as well as key figures in their gangs . 
  now it 's mostly quiet . 
  no riots . 
  no car burnings etc. 
  violence in the suburbs is an organized crime problem , not an immigrant problem . 
  when police respond appropriately the problem goes away . 
  we put the pipes underground and isolate them , that way they do n't freeze and crack in the winter . 
  also we choose proper materials . 
  good retort !, 
  compelling argument !, 
  pay attention and stay on subject . 
  it 's easier to grasp what is happening that way . 
  so still nothing to do with syrian refugees ? 
  ( also while there are some gangs like you describe the bulk of the umderworld are from the balkans still . ), 
  yes the illerminaatee is everywhere !, 
  hide in your basement !, 
  it does n't make it ok . 
  it just makes it completely unrelated to muslim refugees from syria . 
  do try to focus . 
  and most importantly : it 's not syrian refugees doing it . 
  it 's criminal gangs from eastern europe and the balkans . 
  terry pratchett also makes fun of this in moving pictures , where dibbler keeps putting the phrase `` 1000 elephants ! '', 
  on the movieposters despite the movies never actually featuring any elephants . 
  you put those words in my mouth . 
  i never said there was a mass epidemic of parents spanking their kids to death . 
  i simply stated that a complerhensive law gives tools to social services to intervene earlier and with more authority to stop bad situations from developing . 
  i used the example of some kids dying but that was not to be understood as the only reason . 
  also i havent given any definite solution for how to end violence against children . 
  i 'm simply stating that any hitting of children , even spanking , is unacceptable and is bad for the child . 
  i have made no claims to a solution beyond that . 
  i have only reasoned about how a law might help . 
  what nuance ? 
  it 's ok to hit children as long as it 's just a little ? 
  false information ? 
  what ? 
  i do n't understand what you are saying any more . 
  then why are you arguing against me ? 
  i 'm not ashamed of ym words . 
  i did grow up in such a home so i know first hand what `` light spanking '' means to those who defend it . 
  you are defending the hitting of children . 
  that 's inexcusable . 
  come on . 
  you 're being strategically dense now . 
  of course it 's not only to prevent deaths . 
  its to prevent violence to from happening to children . 
  what part of this is hard to grasp ? 
  would you hit an adult to `` correct '' them ? 
  then what makes you think it 's ok to hit children ? 
  they are children !, 
  defenseless !, 
  and trying to understand the world . 
  but intead of explanations they get slapped . 
  then again , i should n't expect nuanced thinking from people here . 
  after all a lot of them were raised through slapping instead or reasoning . 
  obviously spanking is not the only factor behind crime . 
  but look at lithuania there . 
  super high crimes and it 's only now that they finally start doing anything about child abuse . 
  most of the other countries on the list have some form of restriction on spanking or child abuse and most of all , have a better attitude towards it . 
  of course there is always a matter of degrees , but there is definitely a correlation ( even if weak ) between archaic authoritarian approaches to child rearing , and high crime and violence in society . 
  yet somehow whole countries manage to produce good law abiding citizens who are productive and well functioning without resorting to violence . 
  it has been illegal to spank children for 2 generations in my country and we are one of the most well functioning societies on earth . 
  meanwhile all the parents who think `` but how will i disciplin my children if i ca n't whip them with a belt ? '', 
  all come from countries with more crime , more violence and more corruption . 
  could there be a connection ? 
  of course . 
  and sometimes the remedy could be educating the parents and giving them a warning . 
  basically saying : `` we 've got our eyes on you and we 'll be back here so behave ! '', 
  sometimes the parents genuinely do n't realize what they are doing and just need to learn . 
  a lot of parents ( especially parents who hit their kids ) got children way to early and have basically no idea what they are doing , hence resorting to whatever methods their own parents used on them back in the day . 
  some education and accountability can go a lon way if applied early enough . 
  and i 'm not saying a single infraction should lead to a moved child . 
  just saying this gives the social services tools to use to help kids before they end up dying from beatings by overzealous parents . 
  but all violence has been shown to cause harm . 
  spanked children have worse outcomes in all sorts of areas including , ironically , obedience and discipline . 
  aaand there it is . 
  they would n't just come in and snatch the kid up out of thin air . 
  but if there are reports of parents hitting the children then it can be investigated . 
  and if evidence of wrongdoing is found then a court can decide to do something about it . 
  a more encompassing law gives them a stronger ability to do this , whereas with the old law they had to pretty much wait until a kid died or ended up in the hospital . 
  no i treat children as ** observant ** . 
  you are the one who thinks they are stupid if you think they dont take after their parents behaviors . 
  new law means this shit can be reported and acted on in early stages , before a kid dies or is traumatized for life . 
  most of all it can help change attitudes . 
  if spanking is illegal most people who consider themselves law abiding will have second thoughts about it . 
  maybe it will take a generation but spanking will become unthinkable . 
  same thing happened in the nordic countries when it was outlawed there . 
  a lot of parents ca n't tell the difference . 
  and spanking already has bad enough effects on children .
