  i meant more tame in terms of no longer using peasants as footstools , treating servants as property and having people killed for spurious reasons . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_revolution that 's the only specific one i can think of . 
  but after that there were a number of worker revolts , and the relative cruelty of their rule and the economic inequality they oversaw was a major factor in a lot of the later communist uprisings that killed a number of royaly and noblemen . 
  when these things went down a lot of the other nobles took notice and started being really nice to the people and giving away power in an effort to avoid a bloody revolution at home . 
  that 's how we got the modern , more tame and harmless version of european nobility and royalty . 
  shhh . 
  adults are speaking . 
  no but seriously we share the baltic sea with them and they like to be assholes running their spyboats between the mainland and gotland , practicing invasions in kalinigrad in full view of us and rushing the border in bombers breaking off at the last second etc. 
  i 'm guessing they are pulling the same shit on your border as well . 
  just like in the book 1984 when the 30g chocolate rations were increased to 20g . 
  sadly the stuff is just too damn useful to become irrelevant ... 
  sadly international police work rather depends on the other country being cooperative . 
  i long for the day they run out of oil . 
  it 's going to be such a rude awakening for them . 
  ususally the home country will not take kindly to what happened and will prosecute the person . 
  did you read the article ? 
  at least one guy is in saudi prison for murder he committed abroad . 
  that does n't exactly sound immune . 
  and russia . 
  a country can have several neighbors . 
  in this case we are sharing the baltic sea . 
  and russia are constantly acting like assholes . 
  we 're neighbors with russia . 
  russia is not a good neighbor . 
  she only has that power until she uses it . 
  that was the lesson the european nobles and royalty learned during the 18th and 19th century . 
  the saudi upstarts have yet to learn this lesson . 
  however one day they will . 
  when the oil runs out their days are numbered . 
  the other tribes in saudi arabia has a list of scores a mile long to settle with the saud tribe once the power dynamic shifts . 
  we 're neighbors with russia . 
  russia is not a good neighbor . 
  we have strategically important land in the baltics that russia really wants . 
  this is not a good situation to be in , so people recognize the need to increase the military again . 
  basically it 's a multi step process . 
  first they make you fill out a form . 
  if you indicate that you are unwilling or unable to serve you are most likely not selected for fitness testing . 
  the 15-20 % that indicated the most interest get selected for the fitness test . 
  there they test both physical and mental fitness including strength , cognitive tests , stamina , hearing , vision , mental health etc. 
  from these people they select the 4000 or so most willing to serve . 
  if you indicated interrest on the form but decided afterwards that you are not interested they will most likely not pick you . 
  with so many available and so few spots to fill there is no reason to draft people who are not willing . 
  the draft is mostly to ensure that they fill all the spots that do n't get filled by volunteers . 
  diplomatic immunity can be revoked . 
  this usually happens with very serious crimes like murder etc. 
  at the very least they get sent home . 
  also most of these guys do n't actually have immunity . 
  they just act like they do . 
  the article mentioned at least one guy doing time in saudi arabia for murder . 
  they dont have the power and immunity any more . 
  european royalty used to be just like this . 
  but they calmed the hell down after we killed a whole bunch of them and took away their power . 
  absolute power does weird things to peoples psyche . 
  at home these guys are literal royalty . 
  they can do whatever they want and get away with murder and worse . 
  no one will touch them unless they piss off the wrong higher ranking sheik . 
  so growing up like that they start assuming they are untouchable and that everyone else is beneath them . 
  and that it is this way by divine design . 
  they are simply better people . 
  then they travel abroad . 
  and do n't realize that while they have money , they are no where near as immune to consequence as they are in sa . 
  the only way i know of is to lose a war or get deposed . 
  no leader in power has ever been tried . 
  i 've walked across the border in geneva . 
  there is no one manning the booths . 
  you just walk through the countryside and suddenly you 're in france after passing two abandoned looking little guard stations . 
  ( it makes me wonder about the people living between the stations . 
  what country do they belong to ? 
  oh they still believe it . 
  they just also think that russia is awesome suddenly for some reason . 
  for some reason all the far right nationalist groups in europe and the us love putin right now . 
  i think for two reasons : 1 ) putin has invested a lot of money in european far rights movements . 
  with that money comes a lot of pro putin propaganda and pressure . 
  2 ) putin has carefully built up an image of himself as a strong , macho leader . 
  someone who is powerful and takes no shit form anyone . 
  this mythos of what putin is has been swallowed hook , line and sinker by the far right . 
  they , being fascist leaning themselves , feel that putin is the archetype of the type of leader they want . 
  of course this requires them to carefully and meticulously ignore all his corruption and twisting of laws , invading of countries etc. 
  or rather they are aware , but somehow imagine that these things would only hurt `` the other '' and that they themselves would be privileged in a new order under putin . 
  this is the one all the `` nationalist '' right wingers in europe and the us ca n't stop worshiping . 
  but tobacco does n't have any of the `` benefits '' why would they bother with tobacco when there are better alternatives available at the same legality level ? 
  and when she does show up , just spend the whole time insulting all the other politicians and looking smug . 
  the problem is that nowadays people have friends and connections all over the world . 
  this makes national social networks impractical . 
  two thousand years of beating each other over the head for small scraps of land has produced a lot of weirdly unintuitive arrangements . 
  i worked summers at age 14 in sweden . 
  no i 'm just not comfortable handing the government the power to decide what clothes i get to wear . 
  and making laws specifically targeting them will reverse this ? 
  i feel like education and continued exposure to western culture will help far more than this . 
  this idiocy will just make them dig their heels in and cling even harder to their crap . 
  cant tell if sarcastic or dumb, 
  no we do n't have to accept when they do illegal shit you moron . 
  marrying someone who is 12 is illegal and will be prosecuted . 
  even traveling out of the country to do it is illegal in most countries . 
  forcing a woman to wear a burka against her will is allready illegal . 
  however replacing one kind of force with another will solve nothing and increase the division in society . 
  banning clothes is a shit solution to a serious problem . 
  you ca n't just make things illegal because they annoy you . 
  not if you want freedom to remain . 
  do you feel like banning their clothes and basically confining them indoors will help this situation ?
