  this is unfair . 
  we should bring in quota laws here to even out the gender divide . 
  are women really going to stand back and let men dominate yet another lucurative field ? 
  in 2011 germany had a public debt to gdp ratio of 82 % . 
  they are n't exactly the shining beacon of financial responsibility they like to pretend they are . 
  on the other hand it is significantly harder to maintain technology and communications without writing . 
  it is not . 
  but do n't tell them that . 
  as long as they think there is even a remote chance of entry they will keep reforming and opening up . 
  eventually it will be a posibility . 
  eu as a peace and democracy project strikes again !, 
  its not only an `` also '' . 
  it 's the whole point . 
  if everyone likes what you are saying , you would need no protection, 
  wellthats what i was suggesting as well . 
  the question here isnt what label you choose . 
  the question is what to you put on the pre-printed form ? 
  or should they have a separate form for every permutation and variant ? 
  so what do you propose then ? 
  if the form has a field for father and one for mother then it will be discriminatory . 
  so they just put parent on both fields and let the couple in question work it out . 
  you are still perfectly free to use the words . 
  they are not trying to ban the words . 
  they are just trying to make the paperwork neutral . 
  as far as i know the words mother and father do n't appear on swedish paperwork . 
  just parent or guardian . 
  has n't stopped people from calling their parents mother or father though . 
  well i could have said shortsighted , lacking in scope , lacking long range perspective . 
  i guess it is an insult . 
  at least it is not an attractive trait . 
  either way i stand by it . 
  you want to compartmentalize history . 
  i want to see the bigger picture . 
  in this comparison you are the myopic one . 
  edit : [ this is what i 'm talking about when i talk about the work that went into making the eu happen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maastricht_treaty ) . 
  the maastrich treaty was n't a sudden idea that just came into being . 
  i did not use myopic as an insult . 
  only as a way to describe how you look at historical events . 
  i too am looking at the facts . 
  we obviously see them differently . 
  as i said the eu was not made in a day . 
  the immediate thing that comes to mind is the coal and steel union that made war between france and germany imposible . 
  it 's not like the idea of the maastrich treaty was concieved an afternoon early 1992 and then they all met up and signed the first draft . 
  it was the result of decades of small steps and hard work on putting treaties in place . 
  that 's why i call your view myopic . 
  because you refuse to look at the whole picture and get hung up on things like signing dates . 
  it was poor wording on my part . 
  i meant that after the war they could have all gone home , grumbled for a while and then gone to war again a decade later . 
  that was the pattern up until wwii . 
  read my entire sentences please . 
  and you , my friend , have a very myopic view of history . 
   what ? 
  what war ? 
  are you seriously going to pretend that you forgot about wwii ? 
  you ignored the rest of my commnet . 
  the eec . 
  the coal and steel union etc. 
  are all part of a buildup specifically aimed at securing peace by entangling the economic interrests of the european nations and in hte end creatign a union . 
  that 's very different from counting `` all of history '' as the buildup . 
  europe could just as easilly have withdrawn from the war , sat on the simmering resentments for another decade and then gone to war again . 
  the lisbon treaty which was signed 2010 ( or was it 2011 ) is the culmination of decades of very specific work that started the day the war ended to make sure europe could never go to war again . 
  and it has been the most successful peace process in history because it took away the incentives for further war . 
  that was the time it took to build it all up . 
  the eu wasnt founded with the signing of a paper in 1993 . 
  it was founded with 48 years of hard work and diplomacy . 
  read about eu history . 
  the initial trade agreements were specifically to prompte peace . 
  the eu was formed with the spwcific purpose to end over 1000 years of almost constant war . 
  the eu has everything to do with that . 
  just look at history to see how you dealt with disagreements before the eu, 
  because of the eu . 
  read up on its history and you will understand why . 
  and that lead to peace . 
  no european nation can attack another without hurting their own economic interrests . 
  the eu is probably the most successful peace project in history . 
  trade . 
  after the war the leaders of the european nations decided that if they could be linked together by trade then no nation could afford to attack another . 
  thus the european steel and coal union was formed . 
  from there it has grown int the current union . 
  yupp . 
  a woman woman that has been abused is like blood in the water for sharks . 
  the abusers can smell it a mile away and know exactly what buttons to push to get her dependent on them for validation . 
  i think it is ultimately a self worth issue . 
  deep down they feel they deserve it . 
  or that no one else wants them because they are so horrible ( as their abusive partners so often have told them ) . 
  basically their own insecurity is making them go back to their tormentors , or seek out new ones , because they think no one else will have them . 
  i think there is also a vunerability element . 
  they give off a vunerable and damaged vibe that abusive assholes home in on . 
  so most of the time they are approached by a disproportionate amount of abusive men compared to a more confident woman . 
  that is true . 
  remember that there are no borderchecks within the eu whereas if you are going to leave you will have to pass customs at some point . 
  though going into the woods is also the smarter path . 
  i think he is trying to say it is logical for the kidnapper to switch countries to avoid detection . 
  it 's not important for the business . 
  it 's important for the woman . 
  that said i 'm completely against quota systems . 
  so there was one guy ? 
  that 's pretty thin . 
  i 'm sorry but i 'm going to have to see some kind of citation . 
  otherwise that just smacks of something a bunch of angry racists came up with while drinking one evening and then decided was a fact `` because it makes sense '',
