it sucks , but who will take them ? 
  and deport them to where ? 
  if someone shows up and wo n't tell you where they are from , and ca n't show you where they are from , what are we to do ? 
  many illegal immigrants deliberately travel without any documentation . 
  this means , when it comes times to deport , they literally have no information about where they have come from . 
  you ca n't presume , so ... you 're stuck . 
  i used entirely the wrong word !, 
  too early in the morning for me . 
  the margins were far ~ ~ smaller ~ ~ larger than anyone expected , but you 're right , turnout was a major factor in labour 's near miss in h&m . ( not the store ) one thing you said stood out to me though . 
  `` the real election '' . 
  i 've found that since moving to the uk , people treat anything except the general election ( eu votes etc ) as being irrelevant and not worth showing up for . 
  then even in the general election in recent years , less than 70 % of people turn up . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.ukpolitical.info/turnout45.htm ) is it a general apathy with politics and politicians , or a form of apathy towards voting ? 
  i only ask as i 'm from a country which had compulsory voting , and rather than not show up , people turned up and submitted wasted votes ( drawing cocks on ballot papers etc. ), 
  which i think is worse . 
  edit : used the wrong word !, 
  ... no one is talking about full sized pictures . 
  we 're talking sony xdcam 35mb/s - 50mb/s 420/422 hd video files . 
  this is what format they would have been shooting at . 
  entirely different kettle of fish . 
  one frame pictures versus 50 interlaced fields per second video . 
  when you 're in the field , working from laptops , editing hd video footage quite often with limited bandwidth , this is absolutely not an option . 
  bbc shoot on sony pmw-500 cameras , which can have sxs cards in them in 16 , 32 or 64 gb sizes . 
  or even more if shooting on sdhc cards in sxs adapters , which i believe they do . 
  backing them all up to the cloud when you 've been shooting in hd for several days is near impossible . 
  also , you 're working out of hotels which quite often have limited bandwidth even in capital cities . 
  best we can hope for with a bgan is a dedicated 256k uplink . 
  ( which is incredibly expensive as well ) in a place like russia though , getting a bgan through the border on a carnet is n't going to happen , unless you have one in country already . 
  so , uplinking/uploading ability is severely hindered . 
  external hard drives stashed in places is the best we can do . 
  edit : [ just read an updated article via the guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/media/2014/sep/18/bbc-journalists-attacked-equipment-damaged-moscow-complaint ) the interview actually was uploaded to bbc intake . 
  good forward planning . 
  we tended to remove the barrel from the stock in order to clean it , rather than hold the entire weapon above our shoulders looking down it . 
  in fact , that was one of the first lessons . 
  do n't point a rifle in any state towards something you do n't intend to kill . 
  that first photo in the series , pretty much sums up the volunteers . 
  ah , did n't read as closely as i thought . 
  my bad . 
  company of heroes i 'm willing to bet . 
  still a good game today . 
  edit : maybe the original day of defeat ? 
  or the original call of duty games ? 
  13 year old article , i believe . 
  sadly i think the stakes have changed recently . 
  however , it could be another reason as to why angela merkel does have a direct line to putin , in combination with their shared languages . 
  ( merkel speaks fluent russian having grown up in east germany , and putin speaks fluent german having been ex-kgb in dresden ), 
  ah , the australian method . 
  this is where gchq steps in , since they are actively monitoring the pipes heading across the atlantic . 
  the more difficult you can make that job , the better . 
  wow , you are correct . 
  well played and sourced . 
  i thought that `` communism '' and `` socialism '' were still taboo in the us . 
  when i was in greece nearly 2 years ago i was amazed to see an openly `` communist '' rally in syntagma square . 
  where i 'm from that 's pretty much un-heard of . 
  the golden dawn thing is scary too , but all sides of politics have their extremists . 
  many of the people causing damage at g20/g8 summits certainly were n't right-wing . 
  i think you 're probably correct . 
  i 've been wrong many times before . 
  maybe so , but in europe communism is n't a dirty word compared to in the states . 
  considering there are communist parties openly campaigning in politics . 
  i sincerely doubt anyone would campaign on a communist platform in the us . 
  ... no , not at all . 
  the only major difference is that the boats are turned around so far away , we never hear about how many there were under the guise of `` operational security '' . 
  it 's still happening , just not in plain sight anymore . 
  she is a freelancer . 
  she is not employed by sky news . 
  she has worked for sky news on a freelance basis . 
  not smart of her to post what she did if she wants more work . 
  hold on , hold on . 
  who is kitty logan ? 
  in my line of work i have to deal with a lot of rolling news coverage from all of the networks , and i have never heard of kitty logan . 
  not in front of , or behind the camera . 
  be very careful , this could be bullshit . 
  these are how misunderstandings happen . 
  text is incredibly hard to convey subtleties , so we have to be as clear as we can . 
  forgive my assumption , i presumed english might not be your first language . 
  apologies . 
   somebody mentioned this group in yesterday 's thread . 
  maybe you should start with them ? 
  your protectionism and nationalism is adorable but there must be a limit . 
  from the way it is written , it feels like you did say him specifically . 
  it would have been better to say something like :  somebody mentioned this group in yesterday 's thread . 
  maybe ~ ~ you ~ ~ * the authorities * should start with them ? 
  your * countries * protectionism and nationalism is adorable but there must be a limit . 
  umm , what ? 
  i can assure you the bbc are very much not under the `` purview '' of the government . 
  wonder why the current government is trying to cut their funding and remove the license fee that funds them ? 
  because they ca n't do anything else to exert control . 
  be careful celebrating here . 
  he is now , essentially a free-agent . 
  possibly to be hired by the next , brexit-friendly government as an advisor , or even worse , installed as a lord to oversee the transition . 
  he 's not an elected member of the commons , so he wo n't be joining the tories to become pm , but i suspect now he 's free , that we wo n't be hearing the last of him . 
  this person is attempting to say that europe caused the demolition of a critical power pylon , providing the peninsula with power . 
  naturally , implying this , is pure conspiracy theory . 
  [ ummm , you 're joking , right ? 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2017/feb/01/melbourne-mall-attack-killings-sixth-victim-named-bhavita-patel ) australian in europe here . 
  melbourne had this exact thing happen in bourke street mall ( not dis-similar to this attack ) in january this year . 
  not an act of religious terror , but it shows it can happen anywhere for any reason they happen to find . 
  however , the odds of you being caught up in a situation like this are still infinitely small . 
  you must not change your routine or patterns based on things like this .
