yeah , in my experience the portuguese speak english much , much better than the spanish . 
  but maybe this study counted galician/basque/catalan etc. 
  i seem to remember paying a euro for decent ones in most places . 
  in granada they were free but the `` primeras '' and `` segundas '' were crap , you had to stay and order more drinks to get the good ones . 
  um i really do n't know . 
  just register and put a search in for the places you want to go . 
  one thing worth noting is that the older hosts often have really nice houses to stay in . 
  yeah ... do n't . 
  it 's a thing , although maybe it 's more popular in europe . 
  my parents host people sometimes . 
  i went to el escorial . 
  it seemed so new for how old it is . 
  i missed el valle de los ca\u00eddos , although i did see it flying in to barajas and off in the distance going to work on cercan\u00edas every day . 
  budget airlines and hostels/couchsurfing , man . 
  traveling in europe is so cheap . 
  galicia is relatively unknown in the us , and highly underrated . 
  i was actually placed in a coru\u00f1a with spain 's auxiliares de conversaci\u00f3n program . 
  before i was placed there i only knew about santiago de compostela . 
  now i feel nostalgic about a coru\u00f1a though !, 
  i miss plaza de azc\u00e1rraga and o patach\u00edm !, 
  haha likewise if you ever make it to north florida . 
  ah , see the post you replied to . 
  i live in china now . 
  go back where ? 
  i have n't actually moved home to the us . 
  my job/visa in spain ended last june . 
  i was tempted to answer this post with pictures of the diversity in america , but i 'd rather just ignore it and avoid a stupid usa vs europe debate . 
  yeah it was rainy the whole time i was there . 
  the people were really nice though . 
  if i were to go back i would skip bucharest and go to the carpathian mountains . 
  argh ... thanks, 
  i just tried to select the most interesting photos from each place i went to . 
  we went to oviedo for christmas and ate delicious [ fabada ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fabada_asturiana ) and [ queso a cabrales ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cabrales_cheese ) and drank our fair share of cider . 
  i live in china now and miss living in madrid already !, 
  i think part of what was so nice about living in europe was the pedestrian-oriented cities . 
  they existed before the advent of the car , so they have many plazas and stores within walking distance that your improve quality of life . 
  favorite restaurant i went to : la bodeguilla del gato , valencia , near la plaza del negrito ( best bravas in the country ) the three most beautiful cities that i went to ( no order ) : san sebasti\u00e1n , porto , and granada . 
  all three of these cities just blew me away . 
  the riverbank in porto , the pristine city beach and beautiful buildings in san sebasti\u00e1n , and the alhambra juxtaposed with the houses built on a mountainside in granada . 
  best place to party : bairro alto , lisbon . 
  just lots of friendly people drinking 4 euro mojitos in the street , talking to one another . 
  fun friendly environment . 
  and their clubs play better music than in madrid ( sorry madrid ) . 
  i made some friends for life living in a coru\u00f1a and madrid , and i hope one day i 'll make it back . 
  argentina could be due to the history of spanish immigration , except not really considering the recent nationalization of repsol . 
  in general i think the relationship between spain in latin america is pretty cool , especially compared to the us and the uk . 
   when the language of other region ( in this case castilian , aka `` spanish '' ) is imposed over your language , continously promoting the disappearence of your language in favour of the other , sorry , but this seems like hyperbole when galician , catalan and euskara are specifically protected as co-languages in their respective autonomous communities in the spanish constitution . 
  i lived in galicia and people learned gallego alongside castellano just fine . 
  they are one of the `` nationalities '' of spain and the vast majority are fine with being spanish while retaining their language and identity . 
  why is catalu\u00f1a different ? 
  yeah i met a few separatist galicians living in spain , but the catalans and basques are much more extreme . 
  great quality of life though . 
  i lived in madrid four a couple years on 1000 euros a month . 
  could hardly save but i could travel around and was happy !, 
  this seems correct to me . 
  there 's also consonants that exist in portuguese that do n't exist in spanish . 
  however , if you understand a bit of galician , or study the history of spanish , you can figure out portuguese . 
  you just have understand how the diphthongs work and which consonants to substitute to at least fake portuguese . 
  i hate dubbing , and i agree . 
  the simpsons is the only show in spain where i think the dubbing is ok and the characters maintain their voice . 
  in any other show , i can be in my bedroom and hear my roommates watching tv and instantly know that it 's a dubbed show , because the voices always sound the same . 
  my personal experience in portugal does n't match the data on the map . 
  but it 's also true that in portugal i mostly talked with young people ( who spoke much better english than the young people in spain ) . 
  i 'm an english teacher in spain who has traveled quite a bit in europe . 
  in my experience the english level here is quite low compared to other countries in europe . 
  people here know enough to talk about basic things , but they usually have a strong accent and make many grammatical errors . 
  it does n't help that most people watch all foreign tv series and movies dubbed . 
  if you cross into portugal , you notice the difference immediately . 
  sometimes i 've heard it referred to , `` la hora de la siesta . '', 
  my spanish roommate confirmed . 
  right , but people are n't actually eating from 2pm to 5pm ( they are n't just napping either , obviously ) . 
  i 'm not criticizing , it 's a nice way of life . 
  you do n't have to justify the spanish timetable to me . 
  i 've been living in spain for three years and enjoy it , and have explained its benefits to quite a few americans . 
  * siesta * has a secondary meaning that is broader than `` nap '' , which is `` the time when people do n't work from 2 to ~ 5pm '' . 
  if you tell your friend you 're going to the fruit store and he says , `` est\u00e1 cerrado , es la siesta , '' he obviously does n't mean that they are literally sleeping . 
  not so much decided , more of a change over a long period of time that did n't affect the entire peninsula all at once . 
  my spanish friends told me that bilbao actually has a long history of bullfighting , which surprised me . 
  when i lived in coru\u00f1a the siesta did exist for most small shops . 
  but yeah , that list mostly applies to andaluc\u00eda . 
  lived in coru\u00f1a , they have the siesta . 
  yeah , i loved croatia . 
  much better infrastructure and quality of life than in bucharest . 
  for food and weather and going out i would still take portugal . 
  the people are a bit less outgoing i think . 
  bruges was beautiful but overrun with tourists . 
  brussels has a nice center but kind if generic big city feel . 
  top quality beer everywhere . 
  dinant was nice to see for an afternoon . 
  ha , i 've been to your country as well !, 
  na , having visited both cities , lisbon is a lot nicer . 
  will do , thanks . 
  haha i already know to get any albari\u00f1o , i lived in la coru\u00f1a for a year . 
  but those are ribera del duero and rioja , i was hoping for some good ones from lesser-known dos . 
  any recommendations for good wine that i can find living in madrid ? 
  madrid too , lots in the bilbao area . 
  spain 's not a great country beer-wise but it does has some of the best wine in the world . 
  that service exists , it 's called spotify . 
  [ bongo botrako - revoltosa ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmtqrstofy0 ) they 're a funky spanish ska band . 
  i also like their songs , `` caminante '' , `` todos los d\u00edas sale el sol '' and `` bonobo '' .
