  she has not resigned . 
  she 's contesting for pm . 
  her party ca n't even give me a straight answer on what their plans are post independence : /, 
  from what i 've seen so far , there 's little to indicate that this will be case . 
  all indications so far point to the need for scotland to apply after independency . 
  i thought this reverse greenland required `` significant constitutional changes '' ? 
  read http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/jun/04/scotland-deficit-first-year-independence-ifs-oil-revenue . 
  read the obr documentation and statistics . 
  i have no problem with scotland leaving , but note that it is n't all as rosy as you want it to be . 
  the snp can not bank on its oil exports . 
  it has to bank on its whiskey and food exports , maybe energy if it is sufficient . 
  there 's a reason i moved from scotland when our bins were n't being collected for weeks and the best education policies they come up with are not working well at all . 
  likely something different than you . 
  i 'm talking about the obvious situation that scotland wants to join the eu as a new member state . 
  what are you blathering about ? 
  the note about oil price was pretty self explanatory . 
  it would n't even be the eu 's problem , where the burden is held . . that is unless you want scotland in and the burden provides to be contrary to the convergence criteria . 
  would the eu bend the rules for scotland ? 
  would the eu happily allow a country in with a potentially explosive deficit ? 
  given that england and scotland are currently united , the burden will be shared , likely proportionally . 
  so , no . 
  then you also respect that this brexit may never happen at all . 
  i am sure we do n't have 5 agreements already ? 
  plus , we have n't left the eu . 
  i do say ... we appear to have one of the most effective and prudential regulatory authorities ( pun intended ) in the world . 
  none have said that they will , only moving eu operations which is fair . 
  if you 're going to use that definition , then the government always had the authority to remove us from the eu . 
  the government is not mandated to act on the result of the referendum , it was advisory only . 
  to a certain extent i agree , though the technicality is useless as the premise is that scotland must be independent from the uk ... or actually not . 
  it is possible for scotland to remain in the uk but as a completely devolved county and be a british territory . 
  that would probably annoy a lot of scottish people though . 
  either way , scotland needs to think long and hard about its future . 
  we 're all in a regrettable damned situation that no one wants to be in ; decisions taken in haste do n't usually end well . 
  scotland as of right now is a part of the uk . 
  until that fact changes , scotland may not engage in foreign relations matters as it is not devolved . 
  the fact that it is considering eu membership remains a foreign relations matter until it is either devolved or scotland gains independence that is unilaterally recognized . 
  ah yes , i forgot this . 
  i voted to remain and i do n't endorse the result but i do endorse the democratic right and it 's a shame that 51 % of this nation does n't share my opinion . 
  but above all , i remain being a realist about this . 
  scotland ca n't become independent but it 's not in it 's best interest to do so right now , only once itself is stable and westminster allows for its referendum to be held . 
  i also should add that the snp is a nationalist party , above all , they seek independence . 
  what i am more worried about is a surgence of right wing groups in the uk . 
  that sets a very dangerous precedent . 
  plus , scotland itself does n't have a viable plan at the moment to satisfy several eu criteria , so they would be getting a lot of opt-outs and yet another special status . 
  it meets the memberships criteria as the uk had exceptions . 
  it does n't meet the convergence criteria , does n't have a currency of its own to start with . 
  so there 's a euro opt-out . 
  the uk is still an eu member as of right now . 
  you do realise that scotland is currently part of the uk , and that it will need to reapply . 
  it wo n't be a quick process . 
  all in all , this is just making the eu look vindictive . 
  and it 's recovered a lot , unlike the rest of the eu markets . 
  you obviously have no idea how uk politics work . 
  tl ; dr from autobot  european officials have agreed to unlock $ 10.3 bn in bailout money for greece as the international monetary fund made a significant climbdown in its demand for upfront debt relief for the recession-hit country . 
   negotiations ran more smoothly when eurozone ministers agreed to give greece access to a $ 10.3 bn tranche of bailout funds , split into two payments : $ 7.5 bn in june and $ 2.8 bn in september . 
  the $ 10.3 bn is the long-delayed second instalment of greece 's third bailout agreed last august , worth $ 86bn . 
  greece 's finance minister , euclid tsakalotos , said he saw `` some ground for optimism '' for turning `` greece 's vicious circle of recession-measures-recession into one where investors have a clear runway to invest '' . 
  evidently the british public wanted him in , if they wanted something different , they would have thought of it . 
  assuming you know what loner means , it 's not a suitable replacement . 
  something does n't make sense in the story . . also , that title has forced me to consider the way titles are written : police shoot ( to death ) dead police shoot ( a ) dead father, 
  leavers could be more appropriate . 
  cameron is n't particularly fond of him either , but he is in a prestigious position , and what he says should rightly be taken into account , sadly . 
  err no . 
  the bbc will likely still be a large contributor to the ebu , and well given that australia is a competitor and not even on the continent . 
  no , it wo n't be renamed to intervision ( unless there is a rights allowance ), 
  it 's not as is someone who 's not a muslim can spout that crap . . is it ? 
  we 've had several elections , one resulting in the election of sadiq khan , mayor of london . 
  both london and bristol have labour mayors . 
  was n't it less than 100 ? 
  they employ well over 600 in london , right ? 
  yes, 
  millbank ... so very near westminster , < 1 min walk . 
  the whole area is in lockdown . 
  looks like a long night for me at work . 
  our building is currently in lockdown . 
  i think 2 people have died , including the police officer . 
  no deal is better than a bad deal . 
  in other words , it looks like the government are willing to resort to wto . 
  lowering tax rates wo n't necessarily mean that our government will push any more money into our public services . 
  in fact , our government wo n't be pushing more money into our crucial healthcare service . 
  this is what my former mp stated :  hello , the city is the biggest financial centre in the world and goes not depend on eu indeed the vast majority of the 2,500 passports are never used any those that are only account for 2.5 % of business . 
  when we are out of eu we will be better placed to use our freedom to give the financial sector much better tax arrangements . 
  nor do i , and i 've lived most of my life there ( or here ) . 
  you 'd also have the merchant waiting for the money if you pay after a certain time . 
  different banks have different times for cut off for transfers . 
  tolpuddle , puddletown , piddlehinton, 
  if i 'm going to be honest , and i say this from my heart , i 'm as of right now starting to feel disenfranchised from society . 
  this is not good . 
  ok i socialise with friends , and i 'm ( sort of ? ), 
  integrated with society . 
  my parents migrated here a long time ago , worked hard and provides for their kids , all of whom turned out reasonably ok . now , they 're a bit more conservative and i 'm ok with that . 
  i 'm less so , but i 'm also ok with that . 
  i do n't drink and partake in the particular level of socialising that appears to happen but i play well . 
  i 'm a sociable person . 
  i go out with friends and do things . 
  right now , i 'm losing it though . 
  i 'm feeling disconnected from society and by reading threads like these make me no longer a part of the culture that i was born and raised with . 
  being indirectly attacked is n't easy to deal with . 
  quite frankly , it 's disturbing . 
  whilst i still have the feeling of belonging ( i have my job and i love it , i have a long term goal ) i do have to think about those who do n't .
