  if the economy were in a better shape and a lot of systems were n't broken here , the picture would be different . 
  that is to say , i do n't think the uk would be that aggressive to turn them away . 
  source ? 
  why ca n't terrorism be just terrorism why is it another islamic extremism , which can go in two separate directions ? 
  this somehow feels like what fox news said : ` birmingham , uk , is a totally muslim city...non-muslims do n't go there ', 
  http://www.itv.com/news/2016-04-16/anti-austerity-march-in-london-attracts-150-000-protesters/ is the larger number . 
  i 'll add the smaller numbers when i 'm at a computer . 
  united kingdom people were arrested and question on terror related offences . 
  between 50-150 thousand people took part in an anti austerity rally . 
  # 9.3 m spent on pro-eu leaflets , hm leader of the opposition wants same money to be spent on the leave campaign . 
  i just sent mine back to the conservative freepost address . 
  why turbans and robes ? 
  god i hate those adverts . 
  it is actually called a haircut, 
  the latter may be more correct . 
  sunnis accept the qu ` ran as basic teachings and principles , but some are not actually learning from it , but blindly applying it in their perverse political means . 
  the only wrestling i did was high school / gr style wrestling - but there are plenty of illegal moves that can be done . 
  he did , however , admit to battery . 
  whilst i applaud his tenacity in the matter , i have already noted his version of apprehension :  that he bragged on national television about committing half a dozen crimes : assault and battery , making death threats , unlawful detention , inciting ethnic hatred and inciting ethnic violence . 
  i fear that the above will only become more common , and this is n't something which easily resolves if it grows . 
  moreover , the reason why vigilantism is usually shut down is because people end up taking the law into their own hands . 
  he is of size and strength , and what 's not to say that this against an untrained person , when applying force , will kill that person ? 
  the likelihood of that happening is little ... plus , data still goes through the same pipe and the same effect will likely happen . 
  * av , not pr to be specific, 
  he also said that he did n't want to do what the french did . 
  i listened to that interview on radio 4 as i was heading to work . 
  how many people did you see i need total that day ? 
  it 's a left leaning news source ; the better of the crop but not the best . 
  most people i know are aware of what 's taxable , maybe not the populus . 
  walked out of heathrow with aerosols and shower hell in my bag then through oslo with mobile phones and other stuff in my pocket, 
  software engineer here . 
  i 've never been asked to do that . 
  new place encourages developers to do stuff well over a long period . 
  there are several times for prayer , which are set in accordance with the movement of the sun , ie prayer times are not exactly absolute and prayers are valid for different hours during the day . 
  this is not a massive deal . 
  compatibility does n't stop there . 
  millions will be lost in the training fees to get everyone accustomed to libre office , then compatibility , then finally , they will need to retain some office licenses as features do n't exist or have full parity in the two suites . 
  the probable cost is likely to be greater . 
  is planning the limiting factor in construction output right now ? 
  it is absolutely excellent news that we are reaching low levels of unemployment , however , we should ensure that we get more people into work , creating a greater share of hard working britons . 
  it is one nation . 
  we had it quite low in 2001 ( not accounting for population growth ) , but i think there are small thinks we can do to increase it - one being pump funding to drive construction . . which i am hesitant to conceive the current governance doing . 
  it can still go lower , 
  norway is n't in the top 20 for gni in 2014 . 
  the uk is both in the top 10 for gni ( 2014 ) and top 5 for oda/gni in 2013 . 
  if norway 's gni were higher , their percentage would be much lower . 
  how about per capita per person , taking gni and gdp into account ? 
  i am just astonished ; lost for words . 
  seriously ? 
  legally we have to . 
  the chain of what the warrant was issued for always comes up whenever evidence is used for something . 
  actually , i like that word ... expect to see it coming up in the news soon, 
  no one said anything to the contrary . 
  public negotiation though ? 
  i mean , there 's nothing stopping either side from fielding the water and not actually negotiating a trade deal . 
  my employer did a risk valuation but found that the ecb was too hostile to relocate to the eurozone . 
  note that they are not impressed with the ecb 's fiscal and monetary policies where applicable and found them much harder to negotiate with . 
  interestingly , an ft article about how the ecb was inconsistent with banks in different countries were highlighted in the report . 
  ( now it would appear that boe is still getting very concerned at deutsche bank ) . 
  there was also something about the lack of infrastructure and the quality of regulation which was of `` significant concern '' . 
  they did note that in terms of employee integration , if we moved to paris , much more financial resource would have been needed to be put into relocation assistance compared to frankfurt , but actually conceded that it may indeed be cheaper to fire everyone here , and move operations from fresh elsewhere . 
  this apparently would have been a very high risk move that would have negative benefit in the short and medium term and could adversely affect long term prospects . 
  he 's still going to pay the tax at 20 % . 
  he is saying that his earning hits the 40 % bracket for every pound earned over the 20 % rate . 
  even i who is earning above # 45,000 am hit by the 40 % rate . 
  did n't realised it happened in bournemouth until i read the article , but i echo what you say , i had yet to see anything related to brexit in bournemouth or poole . 
  generally bournemouth is partially multicultural . 
  on one side you have the students at bournemouth univeristy , the other comprises of the older generation who are either in or about to retire . 
  overall , it 's a calm town where nothing eventful goes on . 
  the short reason is because the methods of attaining a credit score different between different providers , and each country has a different set of credit rules as well . 
  united kingdom . 
  a case in the high court examining the government 's use of the royal prerogative has commenced . 
  scotland 's first minister and snp leader , nicola sturgeon has said that the snp will lay the ground work for independence referendum again . 
  key leave campaigner and foreign secretary , boris johnson , was revealed to have written a remain article prior to his campaign . 
  former chancellor , george osborne , has revealed his support for a third runway at heathrow , whilst manchester airline group will raise a legal challenge if both heathrow and gatwick are given runway backing . 
  tyrells , a snack firm , will be created hundreds of jobs over the next three years . 
  people still do n't expect it to happen, 
  parity with the euro is expected next year , else the sterling to euro ratio is in the sterling 's favour . 
  politics . 
  yep, 
  you do realise that the uk has a minimum-wage , right ... which is already higher than that of germany and france 's . 
  true that they 've caused problems in the past 150 years . 
  i 'd watch the ez collapse if the ecb failed as well . 
  of course , they are ` specially ' regulated . 
  if the economy tanked and you could n't afford to have a pint , would you care then ? 
  they care a lot about regulation . 
  one of the reasons london is so powerful is because of thatcher 's deregulation . 
  try that nowadays and you 've got a minefield, 
  i do n't drink , so i do n't fit i to the british drinking culture ... 
  macroeconomics can not be compared to your simple bank account . 
  so rightly , you do n't have money to spare , the country does . 
  it 's not as easy as that , simply because we do n't directly elect the prime minister . 
  we can choose the party , but the party has control over the prime minister . 
  ges only elect a party . 
  the party elects a leader . 
  i 've suggested it to my peers who are immigrants . 
  i 'm pretty sure the echr 's decisions are non-binding and only advisory ? 
  guess you do n't know what my views on multiculturalism is then . 
  no context , no story . 
  leadsom supported brexit .
