i 'm sure 20k + refugees can help, 
  here 's a euler diagram : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1a/supranational_european_bodies-en.svg, 
  if it 's paywalled  europe 's refugee crisis may help britain 's push for eu reform by `` focusing '' minds in eastern europe on the strain of coping with migration , philip hammond , the british foreign secretary , has said . 
   speaking in brussels shortly after four eastern european countries were contentiously outvoted on a plan to relocate 120,000 refugees , mr hammond said the crisis engulfing the bloc could help change views on the uk 's case for migration curbs . 
   he pointed out that some traditional defenders of free movement within the eu -- including eastern european countries that account for the bulk of eu migrant workers in britain -- were , for the first time , realising `` the challenges that migration at scale presents '' . 
   turning to the course of talks , the foreign secretary played down expectations about a fast-tracked pre-christmas eu deal on the so-called `` british question '' , saying the `` really serious negotiations '' may only start next year . 
   british ministers expect the hardest part of britain 's eu reform agenda to be securing support to withhold benefits from eu migrants for four years , a measure eastern european countries see as discriminatory and impossible to accept . 
   the conservative party manifesto casts benefit reform as an `` absolute requirement '' of the renegotiation , which will be put to a referendum before 2017 . 
   `` interestingly , some of the countries that we have seen today who have the most robust views on the external migration agenda have been the ones also with the very strong views around ` no change to freedom of movement internally ' , '' mr hammond said on tuesday , referring to countries including hungary , romania and slovakia . 
   `` that has been our argument all along : that britain has the capacity to deal with normal flows of migrant works , but what has been a challenge is exceptional flows that have been disruptive for labour markets and socially as well , '' he added . 
   some of the countries that we have seen today who have the most robust views on the external migration agenda have been the ones also with the very strong views around ` no change to freedom of movement internally '   philip hammond : `` the migration crisis has thrown into stark relief some of the issues that the eu has to deal with , some of the questions we have to address . 
  that plays directly into some of the issues that we are raising in our renegotiation proposition . ''  british officials are provisionally aiming to secure a package of reforms at a summit of eu leaders in december . 
  mr hammond said he still thought this was possible but only after `` a few glasses of champagne '' , in a sign of growing expectations in whitehall that the timetable may slip . 
   `` when i wake up with a headache [ i think ] more realistically the december european council is going to represent the start of the serious and multilateral negotiations around the british package , '' he said . 
   he added that the process would accelerate in the new year , meaning `` the really serious negotiations '' would take place in early 2016 . 
   next month 's polish elections are in particular holding back serious engagement on sensitive migration reforms ; about 700,000 poles work in the uk , making the issue of curbing their rights sensitive in warsaw . 
   `` once the polish elections are out of the way we expect there to be a flurry of activity ahead of the december european council , '' mr hammond said . 
  handling of the refugee crisis , greece are two recent things . 
  yep , it 's definitely genuine . 
  if someone ever did that to me ... they would be sittning on their backside in an very uncomfortable position at night, 
  how did the driver see the person and stop in time ? , unless they escaped using the side ganglines and exit shaft ? 
  nope, 
  still really nice, 
  the second bar looks taller than the first , but it could be my eyes . 
  ok , i tried . . and i failed . . it just links to this page ... :( someone help ? 
  denmark 's flag ... 
  i guess denmark is a part of sweden now, 
   it 's like jumping over the grand canyon . 
  https://twitter.com/afurrybrownbear/status/630623493101592576 they never replied, 
  really , really not well : which is why i say it 's a beautiful place . 
  would you like to enter the euro and effectively have border controls to the south ? 
  royalty . 
  that 's all i 'll say . 
  they can ... with a bilateral agreement outside of the efsm / ez bailout package . 
  with the eu . 
  there 's a lot of differences . 
  membership of the ecb requires the country to be actively and formally using the euro as their primary currency . 
  it may be just smoke and mirrors , but it is not presently happening , and likely never will . 
  hell will freeze over before a non-euro country joins the ecb board . 
  and currently , the uk has not agreed to bailout , nor was it represented in the ez , so it is being forced to become a stakeholder against its wishes . 
  the eu is not the ecb . 
  the bailout is from the ecb , and the eu agreed not to use esfm to bailout in 2010 . 
  surely that goes for everyone , then . 
  if the uk are being asked to fund the bailout , it is only fair that they are represented , so s should have a seat in the ecb . 
  i may have been waiting for these stats in anticipation ... my fianc\u00e9 is norwegian, 
  america counts the nsa in the budget . 
  well germany has 56bn stake, 
  that p\u00e5 should be on  i feel like i 'm missing the background on this though . 
  from a cursory glance of the article , the police are warning people that they have speed controls and that they will act on people speeding to and from the event ? 
  they 've revoked 19 licenses last year . 
  just a few things :  it is completely behind . 
  there are abroad it belongs , where they come from . 
  i do not think it belongs here , but they must do as they want , says elin jorgensen . 
  it is completely backward . 
  it belongs abroad , where they come from . 
  is a slightly more accurate translation, 
  it may be cold , but that should be their first priority . 
  by financial aid , do you mean ela from the ecb ? 
  source ? 
  not just economically illiterate , but just not economically sound right at this moment in time . 
  it 's a rather secular country by islamic standards . 
  he is n't wrong, 
  extra points , my arse . 
  they may be the ones facing calamity on their day of judgement . 
  i did not claim that they were . 
  i am only posting this in response to a question which was asked to op in a different sub . 
  i am fully aware that their journalistic quality is not high . 
  i followed op 's posts and he posted this : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3138099/26-romanians-three-bed-house-near-stratford-s-olympic-stadium.html, 
  any news source from norway itself ? 
  content title ' a disgraceful end to a rape case in norway that will literally blow your mind ' . 
  i 'll allow people to decide whether the news site and the content appears to be impartial at all . 
  they are old passports , but they are still awesome . 
  i have my parents ' old ones from mauritius and the uk . 
  actually i think unemployment is second to germany ? 
  i know we can do better , 
  of course gdp per capita will not grow overnight , but it 's still not great compared to the rest of europe ( or indeed the world ) . 
  we will soon see a hike , after the damn deflation goes away : / -0.0 % . 
  employment rate is the highest since records began , i expect this to continue increasing at a sustainable rate . 
  perchance , do you have europe 's data available for the current period ? 
  the rates do look good on paper , and i admit , things do look good , however , the underlying causes appear to be causing a rift . 
  i applaud the reduction in the deficit , ( the national debt is something which is a concern ) , but looking at our gdp per capita , it 's still quite low , at around 37th in the world . 
  personal debt has rise , not good . 
  i 'm not looking to be the next norway or anything - we 'll never get there , but having recently entered deflation , inflation is going to slowly creep up . 
  how do we compare to the rest of europe in terms of gdp per capita or ppp and employment rates ? 
  the performance is n't in line with anything that 's good , rather the opposite . 
  people, 
  the uk are also on the ertms train https://www.networkrail.co.uk/aspx/12275.aspx of course , i predict a 2030 completion date of ertms l2 ... 
  the harmonisation project already exists , a la ertms . 
   an italian boy who fell into a canal in milan has survived despite being held underwater for as long as 42 minutes . 
   the 14-year-old , who is said to have jumped off a bridge in cuggiono with five friends into water which was just 6.5-feet deep , was in hospital for a month , time reported . 
  so did he fall or did he jump ? 
  either way , this is really cool edit : / r/europe ? 
  not to mention having to lug your luggage halfway across an airport , meaning you have very little time to check in again if it 's a large airport, 
  you 're just the blob in the middle , 
  exactly this - it takes forever when i go to the us, 
  heathrow would benefit from this . 
  i think he means this : http://economico.sapo.pt/noticias/nprint/217647 it 's the best i could find, 
  the article is under a section called ` labour ' , and i 'm guessing you 've seen who 's written it . 
  the telegraph hires writes who go against their views so that they can maintain bias standards . 
  for the uk , it 's not about a lack of basic compassion , it 's that we 're apparently dealing with the effect of too much immigration and not very well .
