  why would we attack syria ? 
  why would we turn down a coalition of armies ? 
  we have scaled back our military significantly and closed many bases and still are closing many more . 
  i really doubt that a harmonized eu force would be effective . 
  differences in doctrine already make it difficult for nations to work together and act as a unified force , and they instead have to function as separate forces . 
  it 's been that way throughout history . 
  your budget and the rest of europe 's budget is dependent upon our massive economy and massive military spending . 
  how in the world would you manage to protect the free naval trade across the world and prevent other sovereign nations from interfering with it with such a tiny fleet in comparison ? 
  we have 10 aircraft carriers . 
  that 's 10 ways we can project massive power across the globe in case anyone acts up . 
  without those 10 carriers and fleets surrounding them , china will have conquered taiwan by now , iran could control a massive amount of the world 's oil flow and turn it on and off at will , saddam 's iraq could have conquered kuwait and waged war against the saudis in a struggle for massive deposits of the world 's most vital resource , the russians would dominate the mediterranean , and who knows what else . 
  and that 's just the nation-states . 
  piracy and naval terrorism is limited to small areas because the united states navy are one 911 call away from annihilating people who try it . 
  the british military is incredibly small and incredibly well trained . 
  they would not last a second in a modern war , given how ancient their equipment is . 
  it does plenty well enough to dominate the taliban , but against other modern militaries ? 
  the manpower and modern equipment is not there in large enough quantities to win a fight . 
  britain struggled with the falklands . 
  the united states utterly dismantled two entire nations , one with a slightly modernized and sizable military , in a 2-year span . 
  replacing britain 's contribution in iraq during the initial invasion would not have been difficult . 
  the blitzkrieg the us military utilized in the initial iraq invasion has to be one of , if not the most successful dismantling of an entire country in history . 
  obviously the insurgency in the decade that followed was a complete and utter mess , but in conventional warfare , it was unstoppable . 
  in my initial comment , i was simply saying that the united states does have the ability to violate sovereign borders if they feel like it . 
  it is not a question of `` fair '' or `` lawful , '' which are ridiculous terms in hostile international relations , it is a question of capabilities and will . 
  i do n't have to argue that we ignore the sovereignty of a nation because we 're big and bad . 
  we absolutely do that . 
  i 'm saying that the uk being `` far more successful '' in war is silly . 
  the uk has an amazing professional military , brilliant officers , well-trained soldiers , and are an absolute pleasure to work with . 
  it was an absolute honor that i got to serve alongside them . 
  they would get absolutely waxed in any modern conflict . 
  the only reason why britain and so many other nations can afford to spend so little on defense is because big , bad united states , who sometimes does douchey things internationally , subsidizes their national defenses . 
  imagine if the royal navy was entirely responsible for keeping all the trade lanes of the world open and unmolested . 
  the defense spending would have to shoot up . 
  how much experience do you have working with the british military in a wartime environment ? 
  annoyed ? 
  best get used to being annoyed . 
  until you actually invest some of your gdp into defense , you can continue to enjoy having that part of your national services subsidized by the united states military . 
  until you need us to blow up more shit in libya for you . 
  then again , `` mild annoyance '' is , indeed , the only reaction i 've seen from europeans on deceitful slave labor being used to build the stadium in qatar for your national pastime to be celebrated at . 
  i suppose i should n't be surprised . 
  i can assure everyone that , when the united states government makes a decision on foreign policy that they are unwavering and committed to , they would put troops temporarily in any nation without a second thought . 
  have n't been there yet , what are they ? 
  i know it 's not the usual opinion of educated reddit , just that it delights me that that 's probably the mental image of those who bemoan every single thing the united states government ever does . 
  i do love how everyone 's mental image of the united states doing this is 40 navy seals flying in to switzerland under cover of darkness in stealth helicopters , landing on and around the hotel , silently killing the guards before capturing the fifa officials , and leading them back onto the helicopters with bags over their heads . 
  i would say that 's definitely accurate from our end . 
  we 've always been taught to naturally distrust governing bodies . 
  health care has n't been state run in the way things like infrastructure are , and while i do think the us will continue to build on state-run health care , the mentality is more of `` why should my hard-earned paycheck go towards taking care of other 's health problems . '', 
  i know , it 's so terrible . 
  you get to live where millions of people spend tons of money to visit and vacation . 
  would the counter sentiment in europe be that the collective society is more important than individual liberties ? 
  [ yes , but not in all of their true , red-blooded glory !, 
  ] ( http://politicalblindspot.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/open-carry-texas.jpg ), 
  the drinking establishments here in the us are pretty encompassing to where we do n't need to bring it onto the street . 
  and we got most of it out of our system tailgating in college . 
  is there really a media message or a belief that we have too much personal liberty in the us ? 
  i would understand a message that we are fooled by our `` evil , spooky '' government that is n't really that free . 
  you should come to florida . 
  alcohol is readily available everywhere . 
  yeah , but you guys ca n't have guns . 
  it all balances out in the end . 
  well either way they all seemed cool though we did n't interact with them often . 
  i know they fought well next to the brits, 
  it must be different in the military . 
  all the estonians i saw had ridiculously long name tapes . 
  depends on whether the homeland of the united states is being attacked/nuked during a european war . 
  if there were russian tanks rolling through denmark , it 'd be probably be in the middle of a very significant land war in europe that the united states would undoubtedly be heavily involved in . 
  to be fair , we only have 2 neighbors and all 3 of us are pretty freaking huge . 
  we never really have to worry about borders or other countries . 
  are you like estonians who have confusingly long last names ? 
  you also have gudleveskis !, 
  has every middle-class british person been to orlando ? 
  i feel like they have . 
  how in the world are you attempting to justify genocide with your own genocide ? 
  i know . 
  yes , we used them quite a bit in the 2003 invasion in iraq on a large scale . 
  til sweden is part of nato, 
  next time we will institute a handicap , instead of absolutely demolishing an entire nation 's rather large military in the most effective blitzkrieg since world war 2 . 
  twice ? 
  honestly , if the majority of finns are getting iraq and afghanistan mixed up , i do n't value their opinion on foreign policy . 
  til we invaded iraq in 2001 . 
  well , good luck . 
  i served with the british army and royal marines in afghanistan , i know how they swear . 
  i was just mocking you . 
  obviously i mean isis but if you 're going to be purposefully dense then sod off or sort yourself out or whatever you say, 
  we did n't even try to destroy them though . 
  send an expeditionary force . 
  or do that , occupy iraq for a generation . 
  that wo n't happen , though . 
  destroy them in iraq and syria and go home . 
  do not alienate all muslims with policies targeting them because of their faith instead of their actions . 
  if their contributions were so insignificant and they were opposed to the war , why contribute at all ? 
  but how many of the leaders of those countries that did contribute troops instead of rejecting the coalition like france and germany faced reprecussions like not being re-elected in the following years ? 
  or was it just that people in europe did n't really care , or only had casual instead of serious opposition to america 's foreign policy ? 
  if a large amount of nations in europe , other than france and germany ( germany who offers little contribution in any foreign military endeavor even if they 're justified ) are susceptible to bribery to send their young men and women to battle ... what does that say about europe and it 's people ? 
  but by contributing troops and logistic capabilities , even if only in small capacities , they are not voicing opposition to the invasion . 
  and , with major nations such as france and germany leading the anti-coalition , it would n't be the boldest thing for other european nations to straight up not contribute , if that was the will of their people . 
  can you consider a nation that sent troops to have been morally righteous ? 
  so , france and germany are the only two notable exceptions from iraq . 
  that 's it . 
  germany only gave a small contribution to afghanistan , as well .
