  $ $ $ do you have oil or wmds and a head of state not willing to leave his position ? 
  alright , you 're not worth the time . 
  source on proof of the us not being willing to defend a nato ally, 
  it 's not like russia has occupied anyone recently . 
  yeah , no . 
  putin is a dictator , not a madman . 
  there would be a conventional war, 
  so help their homeland . 
  to be honest it seems like there are things said very frankly in europe that would get you some very awkward looks at best in america . 
  the reason why we have your misguided idea of black culture is because of massive social and economic oppression that has only recently become a thing of the past . 
  no , it should n't , because every government has an obligation to help their own human beings , and if you cripple yourself by adopting a large group of people that do n't work and integrate into your own society , that is harmful to the collective as a whole . 
  thanks for the flair downvote . 
  holy shit i 've never seen anything more racist on this sub . 
  can you prove that it is a sustainable policy within your countries budget ? 
  europeans , quick with the top bantz but no actual conversation . 
  as expected . 
  not when you have a lot of other shit to do . 
  when you 're trying to spend less , you ca n't start making big ventures . 
  a budget is a budget . 
  you 're right . 
  we should just abandon them to russian rule and oppression . 
  again . 
  the way europe always does . 
  it takes a lot more than a simple shifting of resources to permanently station a sizable force in a foreign country . 
  china . 
  britain . 
  it 's broke enough to where we ca n't just throw an hbct into europe haphazardly . 
  it 's not hypocritical , we invade countries for strategic reasons just like everybody else . 
  i do know that increasing base building and heavy unit troop deployments is not feasible when downsizing our land forces . 
  i would not mind a limited korean-esque war deployment to expel russians from the ukraine . 
  ah , in one post , europeans criticize any american who speaks about freedom , then celebrates censorship, 
  we 've been cutting our teeth on germans , italians , and koreans for the last 50 years . 
  i think we 're ready . 
  you realize that that is n't a goal of russia , right ? 
  putin is a dick and a dictator , not a madman . 
  why , do you want the russians to laugh at you ? 
  you ca n't pay us in cash , so you 'll have to allow us to ravish the local women . 
  yes , if we just give hitler the sudetland he will stop . 
  it 's nice to know that some parts of the world appreciate our massive defense budget and understand what it 's used for . 
  we are when cutting defense budgets and reducing the size of the active force and closing bases in europe . 
  that 's an awful argument, 
  hahaha welcome to our world , tommies . 
  we 're broke bruh, 
  you 've never faced annihilation so this waxing philosophical is stupid . 
  it takes two to tango . 
  you ca n't sit back on your laurels and just hope that everyone would just be peaceful if only you disarmed . 
  that 's called appeasement , it 's a term europeans should know well after they failed to annihilate the people who initiated conflict . 
  solutions must be feasible and attainable . 
  annihilation of the other party and their ability to create conflict does stop conflicts from occurring . 
  you 're welcome to accept russia bringing you into their sphere . 
  let me know how that works out for the uk . 
  we 're good . 
  do we have to beat you in a war again ? 
  we were on such good terms !, 
  only the biggest douches make a big deal about identifying others identifying their heritage . 
  there were germanic people around much , much longer than there were german / irish / british people in north america . 
  funny , i did n't see any frenchmen or germans in afghanistan , but heaps and heaps of brits !, 
  that 's what we have to remind texans , californians , and , soon , britons . 
  we can split off scotland to be # 52 , if that helps . 
  you could get in the spirit of america by immediately threatening to secede . 
  any amount of bigotry , even in name , creates a divide that leaves more serious forms of discrimination open . 
  the fact that you 're ok with a `` small amount '' of discrimination makes you no better than the racists of the `` separate but equal '' era of the united states . 
  back then , that was probably seen as a `` small amount '' of discrimination . 
  the definitions have changed , but discrimination is discrimination . 
  by not allowing gays to have the same name on it , specifically for the fact that they just like to bang different people , you are labeling them as `` different '' when they are n't . 
  it is an encouragement by the government for less acceptance of gays . 
  america ... 
  it 's not hypocritical to not support discrimination . 
  arguing for treating other people differently just because you think their sex is icky is an ignorant , backwards idea , and should be thought of as such in society . 
  ah , yes . 
  destroying a child 's life at a young age by splitting parents is much better than having gay people who ca n't procreate raise them in a nurturing environment . 
  should we ditch adoption , too ? 
  stop spamming this thread arguing semantics to try and weaken the argument . 
  challenge the idea . 
  there is no difference between straight and homosexual couples that should preclude them from marriage . 
  i ca n't believe i found someone who just compared having men 's and women 's bathrooms to colored vs. 
  whites drinking fountains outside of the most redneck , trashy alabama backwater town , but i have . 
  i will be more than delighted to drag you , kicking and screaming your conservative legs , into the 21st century . 
  ideally , the regressive people get old and die , and the young people continue to be more progressive . 
  see my above post . 
  `` separate but equal '' is pretty discriminatory . 
  [ those water fountains over there have water just the same as the ones over here !, 
  why are people upset by this ? 
  / s ] ( http://blog.ericharmatz.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/segregated-water-fountains.jpg ), 
  toronto sounds more american . 
  we do n't have to be lucky now . 
  we just have to be good . 
  the end result of that was ... 
  i love the fact that my country can totally bungle the occupation of two nations , one which ended up being completely unjustified , killing hundreds of thousands , and be exposed for mass amounts of international espionage on our western allies ... and people like you will still ensure that america is more liked than russia ever will be . 
  if it 's going to happen , might as well be the best at it ? 
  no floridians would die . 
  the stupid people from michigan , new york , illinois , and massachusetts who flock here would stay in their homes , though , to the last man . 
  the danes are a pleasure to work with . 
  they really did go all in to help us . 
  i never worked with the estonians , but my understanding was that they were great as well . 
  i would hardly say that the british rely on less technology than any soldier or marine . 
  the british equipment was similar , just less advanced than ours . 
  mechanized warfare is still mechanized warfare . 
  for being interested in less casualties , the british sure piled on the insider attacks when they were there . 
  it was a problem in the entire country , but for some reason the british bases had massive issues with it .
