we 're on / r/europe , college football as a league is far easier to understand than the many different football leagues in europe , and how they play together , do n't have a championship in epl , etc. 
  you have a volcano that almost prevented two of our football teams from making it to ireland for the opening match . 
  that 's the most news iceland has had in america recently . 
  that 's not a parallel . 
  is the ukraine being invaded by poland ? 
  who 's mexico in your comparison ? 
  my point is that just because the united states could have easily done the same thing that russia is doing by annexing iraq in the way russia annexed the crimea , the united states did not do that . 
  for better or for worse for the u.s. , they allowed elections and it resulted in government that is not a u.s. puppet . 
  appeasement works so well , does n't it ? 
  our leadership literally faked weapons of mass destruction reasons to invade a country and occupy for over a decade of bloody war just to unsuccessfully increase our sphere of influence in the middle east . 
  we infiltrated an allied , nuclear-powered nation and assassinated our # 1 enemy leader , even though he was no longer directly leading operations against us . 
  sure , but i do n't think it 's possible to say we could stop russia 's entire arsenal . 
  millions would still die , so even if america were relatively less destroyed than russia , even if it was only one city that was struck , that 's still devastating . 
  seriously . 
  it 's been a long time since 9/11 , and obviously the nation is tired of foreign wars . 
  but an overt strike from the ancestral enemy ? 
  any american president , no matter how pacifist or isolationist , would be forced to respond violently . 
  i. . . i do n't think you 've paid attention to anything karzai has said or done in recent times . 
  so you 're saying that america could have done what russia/putin appears to do to secure control in the ukraine/crimea ... but then did n't do that . 
  so you 're actually agreeing with us . 
  yeah . 
  it 's not like france has ever [ created conflict in africa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algerian_war ) with muslims before 2001 . 
  because there were already a shitload of jews living there ? 
  nice to see that we get shit on for going in to iraq without the support of the un , but here you are , criticizing a european problem that was sanctioned by the un . 
  which almost every western nation voted for . 
  i 'd say murderous dictators are the worst thing , but israel is not without fault . 
  why did we need to create israel again ? 
  oh , not the israeli state that was the center of many wars and continued strife ? 
  and which many terrorist groups cite as a main point of contention with the west ? 
  why would a lot of jews want to leave europe after the 1930s and 40s , anyways ? 
  i do n't recall that time america decided to randomly draw borders encompassing vastly different cultural and religious groups resulting in the state of iraq . 
  it 's not like we 're ignorant of the international culture we absorb . 
  it depends on where you are . 
  because the last time we occupied iraq it made us so many friends . 
  why does n't europe send their armies in a grand expeditionary force to destroy isis ? 
  it absolutely is a dictatorship if you do n't allow it to be a democracy . 
  is n't that what europe wanted the united states to do in iraq ? 
  sounds pretty exceptional in reference to international relations . 
  a country like germany that still does n't have gay marriage thanks to their ruling party literally being a christian party ? 
  i would n't be shocked if mexico allied with china , but at what point of this hypothetical situation is the us launching a massive destabilizing invasion of mexico ? 
  go get the russians to make concessions . 
  that is always so easy to do . 
  i 'm not worried about them , i 'd be worried about their children if they do n't assimilate . 
  we should be taking these people in instead of the syrians . 
  seems reasonable, 
  nato has nuclear reserves that could annihilate the planet . 
  that does n't mean it 's a good idea , or a politically feasible one . 
  then let 's delete this whole subreddit since its a lot of talk about european politics , and none of us are policy makers . 
  honestly , the fact that you hate america for trying to stop ethnic cleansing is pretty alarming . 
  so why are you complaining about being bombed after gross misconduct in trying to get lebensraum for greater serbia ? 
  is it justified to massacre and expel albanian civilians ? 
  how can you complain about being bombed when you were expelling and massacring croats ? 
  and it was n't just the united states who did that , it was a nato approved operation . 
  it was just surprising when all the other nationalities i worked with there ( british , danish , estonian , emirates , ghurkas , even afghans ) were pretty friendly and welcoming , georgians were different and rather segregated and just grunted unhappily if you tried to say hi or anything . 
  they also steal all the bread from the sandwich bars . 
  trust me , if we were trying to ethnically cleanse serbia and not just stop them from sniping women and children in the streets , we would have done a much better job of it . 
  huh , til . 
  makes sense though . 
  is there a reason why danish people seem a bit more easily integrated with americans than other european nations ? 
  mine was only from a military point of view in afghanistan , but the danish troops i cooperated with were very easy to seamlessly work with , culturally . 
  not that working with the british was difficult , but we had to deconflict things at times . 
  the whole point of being an ally is ulterior motives . 
  i find it amusing that europeans are horrified by the idea of government intrusion and spying by the us government , yet then wonder why the us government rounding up all the privately owned firearms is seen as such a crazy idea by americans . 
  fine . 
  who do you think would be more active if romania were invaded by russia tomorrow ? 
  the us , or the uk without american direct support ? 
  for what it 's worth , having worked with british infantrymen in helmand , you are ballsy as hell . 
  committing ethnic cleansing is a good way to get bombed , yes . 
  yes , britain was a very willing war participant when the enemy annexed an entire nation right across the channel . 
  when poland was being split down the middle and occupied ? 
  not so much . 
  this reads like what a european 's stereotypical view of an american describing sweden would sound like . 
  well , if the shooting starts you 're going to be there with us anyway . 
  might as well get comfy . 
  how much good would that do you unless you 're the one starting the shooting ? 
  drone strikes are a political buzzword . 
  we violated an allies ' borders to assassinate a strategically unimportant man with navy seals . 
  we 're certainly not going to get rid of unmanned aircraft that allow us to do that kind of thing with even less risk . 
  the georgian army people i had to work with were some of the rudest people i 've ever met , and do not understand how dining facilities work . 
  they 're also pretty cruel towards afghans . 
  there are a lot of anti-american circlejerks on reddit . 
  this is not one of them . 
   after the sudanese made it clear , in may 1996 , that bin laden would never be welcome to return , [ clarification needed ] taliban-controlled afghanistan -- with previously established connections between the groups , administered with a shared militancy , [ 128 ] and largely isolated from american political influence and military power -- provided a perfect location for al-qaeda to relocate its headquarters . 
  al-qaeda enjoyed the taliban 's protection and a measure of legitimacy as part of their ministry of defense , [ citation needed ] although only pakistan , saudi arabia , and the united arab emirates recognized the taliban as the legitimate government of afghanistan . 
    while in afghanistan , the taliban government tasked al-qaeda with the training of brigade 055 , an elite part of the taliban 's army from 1997 -- 2001 . 
  the brigade was made up of mostly foreign fighters , many veterans from the soviet invasion , and all under the same basic ideology of the mujahideen . 
  in november 2001 , as operation enduring freedom had toppled the taliban government , many brigade 055 fighters were captured or killed , and those that survived were thought to head into pakistan along with bin laden . 
  [ 129 ] so you 're saying this is a false entry . 
  so you have nothing . 
  got it . 
  link to proof of the saudi government training and directing the hijackers to attack the usa . 
  it 's not like there was anything going on in europe in the 1940s or 1990s , right ? 
  we just casually bomb as we please . 
  because there was so much joy those europeans were bringing to europe before we stuck our noses there . 
  damn americans interfering with your ethnic cleansing . 
  yeah , a country that supplied our enemies with weapons to kill americans and who wants to annihilate an entire nation is n't the most innocent . 
  this is / r/europe right ? 
  europe does n't . 
  we were talking about norway , i have no idea how finland got brought into this . 
  you know , i could use another deployment .
