red army ? 
  wrong era ... 
  the basque had wanted separation for a long time . 
  i dated a guy from bilbao and he was pretty adamant about it . 
  this article makes it seem like this is a new development . 
  i know they are n't keeping up with social progress politicians and citizens alike . 
  the entire eastern block and russia needs a dose of modernity . 
  i embrace forward thinking individuals of all cultures but when statistics show a skewed intolerance for non-serbs and lgbt people from a country i will make my inferences . 
  hopefully not to bring their homophobic , xenophobic shit elsewhere . 
  i support this . 
  science spending and employment opportunities are in decline globally . 
  so many cures , so many advances , and a colonization of mars and beyond could have been achieved if we had our priorities straight . 
  no , they covered that too . 
  they also had a documentary on human rights abuses to migrant workers in qatar . 
  it might have been apart of the people and power series i do n't remember but i did watch this . 
  racist and homophobes such as yourself are a dying powerless breed whose only safe haven is the anonymity of the internet . 
  you have n't swayed anyone to your side with your post , and the first authors of those publications would cringe at the context you used their work . 
  do yourself a favor and keep your hatemongering out of civil space and stick to stormfront . 
  i honestly do n't understand the criticism for al jazeera english , they do pretty amazing work . 
  i 'm watching it right now actually , a story on yoruba african art , it was pretty interesting . 
  have those who are criticizing them actually spent the time to watch a few of their reports ? 
  i 've followed it from the beginning and you 're wrong . 
  it was initially peaceful demonstrations , but after the family of a loved one was gunned down for protesting the government murdering their son it turned into a revolution . 
  unfortunately it was short lived as it was hijacked by opportunist . 
  al jazeera did great work covering it . 
  just how the only leaders that seem to be prosecuted by the world court in the hague hail from small african nations . 
  the world is fucking sad . 
  he 's trying to say it 's a small segment of the entire culture that partakes in extremism . 
  give him partial credit , it 's religion , poverty , and lack of education which are all related . 
  the caveat to this is you have to completely renovate the homes within a period of time . 
  their memories will live on through their research and published works . 
  their graduate students will work harder preserving this memory knowing their role is now more vital than their own ambitions . 
  they must now become the authority in their field . 
  they will not be forgotten nor will their contributions . 
  they were a conquered people . 
  you 're fighting against history here , there are winners and losers . 
  that 's the way it is . 
  i noted that at the end if you read my reply . 
  i 'm in agreement , culture is the basis of national identity . 
  i guess i was simplifying my reasoning with the brown or white statement . 
  that should n't be the take away though as my premise was about multiculturalism, 
  i honestly might . 
  the preamble of ruthless annexation of territory that belonged to their civilization was unjust , but throughout history we have have battled for resources . 
  my empire won . 
  they were n't enslaved , they were allowed to integrate and also allowed the freedom to reclaim tribal land . 
  my point is i do n't believe enclaves of all one race white or brown are conducive to community building . 
  also too little and too much cultural diversity is a bad thing economically poland having too little diversity , and congo having too much . 
  to be fair , i strongly oppose the israeli government , yet i have nothing against judaism or any religion for that matter . 
  its like saying burning the american flag is somehow anti-christian . 
  multiculturalism works , but if they are n't going to account for their own integration it 's their own fault ; they failed themselves . 
  i 'm sure there are many more success stories for every failed immigration . 
  i would give you gold if i could on my phone . 
  surely the deluge was forecasted a few days in advance . 
  ecology has nothing to do with fluvial hazards or modeling, 
  why not alaska first , i dare them . 
  he 's not expected to lose , what 's important is his margin of victory . 
  last election he had over 50 % of the vote . 
  i 'm guessing it will be a lot less this time around . 
  you got me at legitimate news source . 
  there is no coincidence this is running exclusively on right-wing media sites . 
  let 's say this is true , big deal right ? 
  the purpose of this article is n't to espouse the notion of a president who should care more about the region , but to feed a base more garbage news about how inept of a leader president obama is . 
  fox news huh ? 
  maybe i watch too much 24 , i wish i had the geopolitical awareness abound in r/europe . 
  excuse my ignorance , the most powerful man in the world should enter an international meeting on a tricycle . 
  there have only been 0 threats on his life after all . 
  i guess i should have added on foreign soil . 
  you guys are quite reactionary . 
  well , if the us president dies , this sparks world war 3 . 
  still it 's funny to pretend he 's being silly . 
  meh , i read it in a cockney accent . 
  but seriously , it 's the feeling i get when browsing here . 
  does a majority of r/europe see a united states tag and automatically assume unaware ? 
  i 'm a world citizen too i in fact i solely focus on world conflicts through al jazeera english . 
  long overdue . 
  russia is living in the past its ridiculous . 
  what ever happened to global partnership . 
  why is putin so damn opposed to full partnership with the west, 
  which is n't applicable in this case , let 's be a little more objective in this discussion . 
  this has happened in syria , turkey , egypt , thailand , south africa and even the united states . 
  i 'm sure i left out a lot of other nations , but for this i am not shocked that citizens in protest of their governments will be shot at if the elected officials lives are at risk . 
  an illegal assembly near a capital building is justification enough . 
  if you call for revolution , this is expected . 
  truth be told , no other nation can intervene or infringe on the sovereignty of a legally elected government , either wait for new elections or work for a coup d'etat , but expect casualties . 
  just wanted to be a realist for a moment , do n't give a fuck if it 's a popular opinion or not . 
  thanks us congress , no wait , i meant hyper capitalism ... err no , that 's not right , thanks obama !, 
  if russia joined the eu i would have lost all admiration for the continent . 
  lol, 
  i read that there was a mob throwing tear gas and smashing ballot boxes at one prescient . 
  i 'll answer for him . 
  if they spent their millions lobbying instead of these illegal activities like other activist organizations , they would probably get more sympathy . 
  greenpeace and peta are doing it wrong . 
  why is putin right on syria ? 
  that is some serious engineering , imagine all the calculations needed to get this right . 
  it was sarcasm , sweden has n't done anything to isil . 
  i guess it 's hard to contextualize from a blerb like that so my fault i was at the gym when i typed that on my phone . 
  it was our war on terrorism that changed the world and inadvertently made more terrorism . 
  after all sweden has done for them . 
  toronto is fairly integrated . 
  he should have contacted a us law firm and applied for asylum and have the legal work done pro bono,
