regardless of trump 's personal opinion . 
  the republican party , as a whole , is very much in favor of nato . 
  u.s. withdrawing its presence in europe only weakens the nation 's influence , both militarily and economically . 
  i doubt trump would really push for it . 
  regardless , good luck to you guys . 
  it 'd be a shame to see the baltics suffer what ukraine has endured . 
   during the real cold war , it was the ussr who were reacting to the actions of the us and nato , for most of the time . 
  have you ever heard of the [ seven days to the river rhine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seven_days_to_the_river_rhine ) plan by the soviet union ? 
  and what do you call what happened in hungary or czechoslovakia ? 
  so , in short , english nationalism may destroy the union ? 
  well done , lads . 
  this is a discomforting thought . 
  people may always change their minds about their lives in different circumstances . 
  they wo n't get this chance if they 're dead . 
  is this actually true ? 
  i had a few black friends go to poland for a couple of weeks this summer and they told me they got nothing but a warm reception . 
  maybe it 's different for a black westerner ? 
  russia in the european union does n't make sense . 
  it 's way too massive , and would subsequently dominate most political discussion . 
  what 's the benefit of spain aggressively going after gibraltar ? 
  it does n't have any natural resources of note . 
  is it purely a symbolic thing ? 
  so you 're straight up admitting that russia is purposely threatening eastern european nations ? 
  glad you 're at least being candid about your country 's actions . 
  `` vote leave , it might be our last chance '' this is the kind of disgusting propaganda that really irks me . 
  the u.k. could have left at any time in the future ; being in the union is voluntary . 
  but of course leave had to make it sound like the e.u. 
  is some sort of tyrannical overlord that would give them no say in matters . 
  it 's because most people who highlight things like `` cultural marxism '' and `` leftist anti-whites '' are only using their arguments to mask a far simpler point -- they do n't like non-white people and do n't want non-whites in their country . 
  the claim that the west is hostile to whites is as laughable and ridiculous as the nazi claim that germany did n't lose ww1 , but was instead sold out by the jews . 
  did n't know you were a soothsayer , that 's interesting . 
  i hope you realize that that the rate of return for higher education on the us economy is much higher than the investment of student loans , almost every economic model supports this . 
  anybody with over 100k debt is in a very small minority . 
  in the unlikely scenario our economy gets `` wrecked '' , prepare for yours to go down with it in flames . 
  after all , we are the eu 's largest trading partner . 
  and i know of plenty of middle-class college graduates who have steady incomes and possess more than enough left over to save while paying off their college debt . 
  if you want to argue based on anecdotes , we 'll be going around in circles all day . 
  the poster i replied to is from the uk , which is behind the us in standard of living . 
  and , as i said , i never discussed where it is better to live , as that 's a matter of taste . 
  the nations you listed all have good health care and transportation . 
  but if the goal is to make money , the average man will have a much easier time in the us and can achieve a higher income here . 
  the notion that the average person in the us is struggling while the one in europe is thriving is ignorance at best and an absolute lie at worst . 
  income after taxes and expenses -- key word `` disposable '' -- is still higher in the usa than it is in almost all of europe . 
  your personal anecdote is n't really a reflection of the nation as a whole . 
  also , i was never arguing about where life was better at . 
  the earlier poster accused the us of being a 3rd world country . 
  and despite the fact they 're obviously exaggerating , the us edges their nation in both income and standard of living . 
  the difference between europe and america is more a matter of taste , but i know where i 'd rather be if i was career-oriented and ambitious . 
  what 's that based on ? 
  the average income of middle-class households ( excluding the rich ) in the usa is around $ 50k per year . 
  that 's considerably higher than most european nations , without even taking into account that our cost of living is much cheaper in most places . 
  why do you think so many europeans work here ? 
  a `` 3rd world '' country with more average disposable income than all but a handful of european nations . 
  it 's amusing you believe free college and free health care equates to superiority . 
   getting visas from any country in the anglosphere to any other country in the anglosphere is already easy as shit . 
  getting a work visa to the uk as an american is incredibly difficult . 
  i think it 's far easier to obtain one for germany or the netherlands , by comparison . 
  one silver lining i see from brexit is theresa may pushing for stronger relations with the us , and making it easier for americans to obtain professional jobs there . 
  you just know if they win they 'll tell the black candidate `` thanks for voting for us , buddy . 
  you can go home now ! '', 
  just you wait . 
  it 'll be tourist season soon enough . 
  unsure about italy , but they 'd have certainly taken west germany , and possibly france during their final offensives in ww2 . 
  i 'd bet my life on it . 
  come on , guys !, 
  that would have been hilarious . 
  what do people generally think about macron in france ? 
  indeed . 
  i never thought i 'd be looking up to germany one day as the torchbearer of the western world . 
  hope this is just a four year blip on our part , but if not , it 's up to you guys . 
  good luck . 
  no one questions the actual capability of a non-us nato in a conflict with russia . 
  obviously , the european union , as a whole , is a more powerful military force than russia . 
  what is in question however is the * will * of the eu . 
  if russia sweeps up the three baltic states in a swift offensive , will france and germany be committed to an amphibious invasion to liberate those nations ? 
  will the powers of the eu be ready to sacrifice potentially tens of thousands of lives ? 
  or will they abandon them in an attempt to halt any further bloodshed , and possibly try to negotiate a separate peace with russia ? 
  i hope the former would be the outcome in that scenario , but considering the appeasement streak in eu politicians concerning russia , as well as their general inability to act decisively , i feel as though it will result in disaster for the three baltic nations . 
  i think it 's because society see a racial component in criticizing islam . 
  when someone derides christianity , it 's usually no question that they 're talking about the religion itself . 
  but , for many , if someone fiercely attacks islam , it just looks like they hate brown people . 
   one you can push to your way , the other can push back . 
  explain what this means . 
  this would make a lot more sense if european nations were poorer and did n't have well-developed industries . 
  but there are powerful european companies in just about every field imaginable : military , pharmaceutical , consumer goods , etc. 
  in what way is the us `` pushing '' europe their way economically in a way that benefits one side more than the other ? 
  and how would american economic power be damaged by a federalized eu ? 
  you guys in the pro-eu camp seem to be trying to escalate a rivalry between the us and europe that 's nonexistent . 
   the us supports the eu as long as it can heavily influence it . 
  what the hell does that even mean ? 
  i fail to understand all these posts citing the federalization of the eu resulting in the fall of american power . 
  a federalized eu is a stable eu , which means good business since we 're both each other 's largest trading partners , with a solid military alliance to boot . 
  as well , european values are very similar to american values , so there 's no real ideological struggle either , like there is with russia . 
  i 'm not getting what the ` competition ' would be over ? 
  would it be over asia ? 
  unlikely . 
  the us has way more ties to the south pacific than europe does , and we 're already competing with china there . 
  it 'd be pretty difficult for europe to enter as a `` third player '' . 
  would it be over africa ? 
  poor infrastructure and corruption are rife so how would eu-us economic competition play out ?
