  it 'd probably be due to a long history of italian aspirations for posession of our coast , and the fact that some italians are kind of pushy and arrogant . 
  well i believe you that it 's not common , in my mind it 's more of a funny stereotype name . 
  it 's not just a serbian name , it 's like the most serbian name you can think of . 
  croatian spy '' \u010cedo \u010colovi\u0107 '' . 
  you ca n't make this shit up - or wait , you can . 
  i know of some guys in frankfurt , personally , but not that many . 
  i do n't really have any stats or anything . 
  i 'd say quite a bit more went to switzerland ( due to a lot of the top companies there like google ) and ireland ( because croatians in general are choosing ireland quite a lot lately ) . 
  oh okay , my apologies then . 
  what i described is kind of the situation in my country , i thought it would 've been similar . 
  on second thought , germany 's one of the places where developers from my country go when they 're in the situation i described . 
  they do n't usually have a shortage of `` it '' majors , they just have a shortage of people who want to accept offers that are n't good enough . 
  yeah i will bet this is a bunch of sensationalist crap . 
  in fear for their lives ? 
  give me a break . 
  i think a 3d printer that can print furniture is always ( or at least for a very long time ) going to be way too expensive for a person to buy for their own use only . 
  what i think this will do is disable people from creating a service that prints furniture for others , unless they make their own original furniture and blueprints . 
  are you for real , mate ? 
  well there you go , nothing rational to see in this thread , bye bye . 
  it 's funny / u/itscalledunicode , i had a feeling i 've seen you somewhere before , so i was n't too surprised when i found out it was from this batshit insane comment chain . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4rxqme/whos_your_favorite_neighbour_country/d55qp6h i seriously do n't know what your problem is dude . 
  you will find with some basic googling that the murder rates , at least in my country , are quite lower than most . 
  zagreb is one od the safest cities in europe , please do n't be so free with your prejudice . 
  same deal with the croatian kuna , really . 
  its value is de facto pegged to the euro , and because of a lot of people being in debt due to housing and other loans , it 'll never be practical to devalue our currency as it 'd destroy those people . 
  edit : it 's =  its, 
  what the fuck dude xd, 
  i would n't say croatians hate slovenes , the only reason for mutual dislike could be the border stuff which people here perceive as blackmail ( because it is ) , at least for me nothing else comes to mind that could make me have anything against them , and even that 's no reason to dislike slovenes as a whole , just that part of their politics and people who support it . 
  i do n't understand how you can be so obtuse . 
  he probably means conservatism but does n't understand the terminology . 
  figure of speech . 
  so ... we give you everything , and we get nothing . 
  does n't seem like a fair trade at all . 
  as i said , i 'm prepared to leave italy alone , and what 's more , defend it against others , but i will allow no lands that are currently coloured in aragon 's colours to leave its domain . 
  your greed will be the end of you if you keep on your current course . 
  you obviously mistake my friendliness and generosity for weakness , and march toward your own demise . 
  i ask you to reconsider your aggression before innocent blood is shed . 
  i offer you my hand in friendship , but if you refuse it and attack because of your greed , i can offer you the sword in my other hand as recourse . 
  let no one be fooled into thinking that castille will not ferociously defend against any agressor , and at all costs . 
  to other italians , my offer still stands , do n't let emotion and greed get in the way of common sense and decency , let us be friends if we can , for the good of all . 
  i am at your service , your holiness , and stand ready to defend christendom from enemies from without and within . 
  check your messages lol . 
  i am castille and i offered to let you have independence if you 'll leave aragon 's territory alone . 
  it 's a very fair deal and since i do n't want it to come off to other italians like i want to conquer any of italy ( i do n't , i only want aragon to keep what it has now , and i want a strong italy which wo n't get conquered by other great powers ) , i am stating that here publically so italians know where i stand . 
  i can even go one step further and attempt to guarantee independence of italians against outsiders . 
  if you 're not ignoring my message and just have n't seen it for some reason , my apologies . 
  the alternative is you being pesky and weakening me , while i weaken italy and other great powers take advantage and conquer it . 
  there 's not much reward for anyone in there , so i 'd rather just avoid the whole scenario and focus on my long term interests . 
  be petulant and greedy though , and see what happens . 
  the most i 've played with was slightly over 50 . 
  it 's possible that some people wo n't show up , and some of those who picked small countries will probably get destroyed soon . 
  we still probably should 've had a limit of some sort . 
  i would like to reserve castille . 
  i would 've gone with england but it feels bad to have a conflict with scotland immediately . 
  when we in croatia sound officialish ( news on tv , business reports or something ) , we tend to use the absolute number of hours ( i.e. 
  we say `` at 17:30 '' which is read as `` seventeen and thirty '' ) . 
  usually we say x in the morning ( meaning am ) / x in the afternoon ( meaning pm ) . 
  i 'm croatian but upvoting for truth ... 
  sure , that 's just my point though . 
  you ca n't expect everything to be peachy after such a short time as 20ish years , and i think it 's a bit condescending when people go in with an attitude `` oh why ca n't they just get along , they 're so uncivilized '', 
  yeah , but question is , when 's the last time such a scandinavian war happened ? 
  i congratulate you on your superiority . 
  i just love the laconic quality of this . 
  yeah , because that makes a fucking ton of sense ... 
  i will never let people distort the truth of the wars in the 90s and pretend serbian atrocities didnt ' happen or pretend that someone who killed people but now claims he 's all changed ( * cough * some serbian politicians today ) , but i would never , in a million years , kill or have anything against people who had nothing to do with it just because they were serbian . 
  so quit pretending like ww2 is any sort of excuse to commit crimes against humanity like the serbian aggressors did . 
  that 's a bullshit reason and you know it . 
  it might 've been used as a propaganda weapon in riling up the serbian minority population in croatia , but that 's in no way a justification for any of their actions . 
  people who want to sound peaceable ( as well as some serbian hobby propagandists ) but do n't have all the facts usually say things like `` both sides committed crimes '' . 
  this sentence strictly interpreted is true ( noone did 0 bad things ) . 
  however , it perverts the truth of serbian forces committing by far the greater number and more serious atrocities , not to mention being the aggressor . 
  i can respect people not wanting to fight over history and focus on a peaceful future , and i acknowledge that 's the intention of most such people , but this kind of dismissal of facts for some generic `` let 's all be friends '' betrays the facts of the matter and does n't serve any kind of true reconciliation . 
  to resort to the corniest analogy ( and i 'm not comparing the gravity of this to ww2 ) , it 's like saying `` oh , well both sides in ww2 committed crimes , just let it go '' while germany would complain about people bombing it and never acknowledging its wrongdoings and pretending the holocaust did n't happen . 
  it 's not like punishing this guy is a religious belief ... 
  it is just a stupidly big overreaction , probably not given much thought . 
  because it was too rude . 
  i mean you can change what you believe , many of us have done it plenty of times . 
  if you are not trolling , you should seriously try to develop some compassion ... 
  fuck you, 
  thanks , but no , thanks . 
  no , in what way ? 
  well , i do n't know what to say other than `` tough '' . 
  i mean , you 'd have to be pretty obtuse not to see this from the croatian side , with what mystery144 quoted in the top comment . 
  so not to go into the actual issue , the whole thing stinks and is doing too much damage to the credibility of the eu , for what is likely not that important other than some kind of slovenian vanity . 
  correct me if i am wrong . 
  well i do kind of agree . 
  honestly , i 'm not sure who 's right in the dispute , and considering the relative unimportance of what 's at stake ( other than the principle of appearing weak and then that being abused by other countries in negotiations ) , i do n't really care * too * much about the issue itself . 
  i just think the eu should n't try to meddle where it has no legal place ( especially considering the circumstances about corruption in the court ) , because it 'll do no good and will just fuel anti-eu sentiment . 
  tl ; dr : i do n't think there 's all that much place in the future for the concept of `` race '' such as it is today . 
  this is n't some wishy washy multicultural crap ( imo culture is important and should be valued/critiqued , but race should be absolutely unimportant ) , i think it 's just how it should be . 
  well to be honest , race as a concept is n't all that grounded in actual reality , in the sense that there actually are n't enough differences between so called races to make an actual argument that they 're that different . 
  i 'm not trying to be politically correct , i know it 's true that there are attributes that are more true for one `` race '' and not another , but that 's not really enough . 
  especially when you consider that the line that separates one race is n't really that clear cut , with some people who 'd call themselves `` white '' being more `` black '' than some who 'd call themselves `` black '' , etc. 
  though it might just be that when i play sci fi games , the words species and race are always used interchangeably , so i might be bringing my own bias into this . 
  anyways , emotionally , i feel more of a connection with being human , than being white , and though i have nothing against people being proud of their culture/history/background , personally i think it does n't make much sense to be proud/care about your actual biological properties such as `` race '' . 
  nice to hear it ended well . 
  yeah , you lose more through taxes which go nowhere useful , than if you 'd get mugged once every few months . 
  pretty much , imo croatia is one of the safest places in the world as far as muggings etc go . 
  terrified ? 
  are you kidding ?
