  football of all places is filled with an us vs. them mentality . 
  which croatian footballers though ? 
  i thought those were just rumours that were going around , to which the croatian manager put an end . 
  i do n't really follow football that much , so i could be wrong . 
  oh do n't worry , i do get what you 're saying . 
  i 'm sorry you got your car keyed . 
  but if i had to guess , i 'd sooner chalk it up to random kids who think they 're cool if they key a serbian car because something something war they have no clue about . 
  i 'm not mentioning hooligans as a way to deflect the issue , my point is that i do n't see any hatred in mainstream media and mainstream culture , meaning the heavy majority of the population , which is what matters most . 
  anyways , yeah , with time , negative sentiment will probably fade . 
  in any case , the best cure for hatred is n't really older generations dying ( not that it does n't help ) , but education and actual contact with people . 
  that 's why things like the internet are great , not just for our two countries , but globally . 
  i 'm kind of allergic to the mention of nationalism . 
  that is , i 'm allergic to people misinterpreting patriotism for nationalism , in the sense that patriotism is just being proud of one 's heritage , and nationalism is considering one 's heritage to be superior for one reason or another , or any cause for negative discrimination . 
  i actually do n't think our young generations are that nationalistic , though there are certainly exceptions , and maybe i live in a bubble of higher education . 
  i just do n't like the fact that , in the circles i move in , it 's not popular to be patriotic because one is often preemptively mistaken as a hater , be it of serbian people or whatever . 
  because human psychology is ingrained with a sense of competition and an us vs them tribal mentality , which was useful once upon a time when people were wielding clubs instead of pencils . 
  not that it 's any sort of excuse . 
  we 're intelligent beings and our nature does not define who we truly are . 
  for me , national pride is n't about seeing your nation as inherently better than any other . 
  it 's just a sense of gravitas you get when you think about your people 's history , art , dreams and aspirations , great scientists and other thinkers , etc. 
  i 'm not proud of my country in the `` thank god i was n't born anywhere else '' , but in the `` i 'm a leaf in a tree of men and women that has been growing and intermingling with other peoples since the dawn of man , growing from one tribe to the other , one people to another , between kingdoms and nations , resulting in what 's here in the present day '' . 
  and yeah , i 'm aware that not everyone thinks of it that way , that it gets abused , etc. 
  i just do n't like labeling people based on superficial judgment and making people afraid of what others might think if they expressed any sort of pride whatsoever . 
  the language comment irks me but i 'll leave it alone since i 'm not a linguist . 
  it 's not that i 'm offended or anything , but i do n't know why people ca n't simply call our language what we want them to call it . 
  you do n't see me skulking around europe , comparing dutch to german ( not that that 's a correct analogy ) . 
  :p i just wanted to correct you on the `` hate the serbs '' part . 
  i think that 's a very unfair generalization . 
  there 's a dislike , of course , understandably so since we were at war up until ~ 17 years ago , and even that is considerably less present in my generation . 
  we do n't hate the serbs , nor are serbs who live in croatia oppressed or anything , at least to my knowledge . 
  for heaven 's sake , i 've had serb neighbours in my building all my life and there 's never been a case where anyone 's nationality caused any sort of issue . 
  of course , there are more extreme people who do hate them , but that 'd be delinquents , some more extreme football fans , etc. 
  normal , sound-minded people like my father , who fought in the war by the way , would never discriminate against someone based on their nationality , nor would they stand idly by if they saw their children behaving in that fashion . 
  on the whole , all croatians want is to improve the state of our country and live peacefully with the rest of the world , and i think it 's important for foreigners to know that . 
  i think there 's a lot of misinformation , which can sometimes produce very humorous results such as some us tv shows not knowing yugoslavia stopped existing in the 90 's . 
  there were 11ish million holocaust victims , not just jewish people were targeted . 
  not to detract from their tragedy , but we should n't forget the millions of slavic people , gay people , people with disabilities , political opponents etc. 
  this is literally a video of 10-15 people , only some of whom are chanting for 4 seconds , and the most extremist of them is a random kid who does n't even know what the gesture he 's making means . 
  it 's literally a few people stirring shit up because they 're uneducated and bored . 
  if you 're somehow implying this means a great number of croatians share these views , i fail to see the connection . 
  what i do n't understand is why either of those two sides has to be `` right '' , when they clearly were appalling , albeit to different degrees . 
  thank you . 
  i really do n't understand why people ca n't just accept that , while the fascists were definitely worse , few people in those years of conflicts can be considered heroes . 
  i wish people would give up on rooting for their shit team , whichever of the two it is . 
  one can dislike both regimes and be in favor of the democracy we have now and i feel that is the only reasonable stance here . 
  everything else is propagandist bullshit . 
  yeah , like fuck we do . 
  i do n't know what croatia you 're living in , but the opinions you speak of are held by a small extremist minority . 
  it 's only fashionable to spew sensationalist statements like this , though , and embarass your country by spreading this disinformation . 
  the ( too ? ), 
  conservative part , sure , but i would like to refrain from speculating on the latter part , i think you might be overreaching there . 
  well i replied to you because you equated the group emnel was asking about with hdz , making it seem like that 's what they stand for . 
  as i 've said , i think they 're total cancer for our country , but more on the level like most of our other parties are . 
  stop misleading people , hdz are a shit party but fascists they 're not . 
  oh please , 90000 did n't chant , a dozen or two in the first row did . 
  while it is true that thompson sometimes flirts with ekstremism , most of his fandom listen to his music because he actually has a lot of normal patriotic songs that are n't shit . 
  this is blown out of proportion as always on reddit . 
  war is n't a competition , it 's a struggle . 
  it 's what happens when diplomatic options are exhausted . 
  if you 'd agree to play x `` game '' to decide the outcome of a war , the loser would just decide to fight after losing anyways . 
  isis , for example , would probably fight to the bitter end . 
  hm , according to this , croatia has approximately the same average monthly income ( actually higher in fact ) as sweden ... not buying it . 
  there are a lot of downsides to be sure , but croatian negativity really is a problem on the internet , lol . 
  people 'd think we 're all starving . 
  we have issues with politics/the economy , but we have it much better than one would think reading our comments on reddit ... 
  managed turkey ? 
  i do n't want to kill you but that 's a jerk attitude . 
  if someone comes to germany to work and loses their job , they should n't be denied the same rights as other taxpayers ... just moving into another eu country and immediately claiming welfare is n't possible anyways , afaik . 
  you should ask dakarans because he is the host , but if i were you i would find a replacement for tomorrow . 
  no , there was an easter break . 
  oh sorry , i was in a bit of a hurry posting it , just changed some dates and such . 
  so it 's in 50 minutes or what ? 
  unfortunately i wo n't be able to make it tomorrow for most or all of the game because i 'll be on a trip and be coming back sometime in the evening . 
  guys , please do n't break the ai ottomans in my absence , or let a temporary player ruin it or something ... 
  just a hint - i would n't count on much mercy from the ottomans for those who 'd stab them in the back at the first sign of weakness . 
  oh man , sorry to hear that ... 
  i hope some complete noob wo n't take over russia now . 
  mostly because in not a single game have we had a remotely competent austria , burgundy , and aragon ... 
  well you can join the 2nd session , it 's tomorrow evening . 
  there should be a thread soon . 
  there is still a lot of viable nations , just not the biggest majors . 
  there 's already a player on timurids as far as i know . 
  the government sucks but they are not fascists . 
  he is being a drama queen like most croatians on reddit and our hysterical media . 
  sure , we can do that , but let 's discuss it in the next week 's thread because i do n't want to create it if we 're not going to use it . 
  in next week 's thread , let 's suggest it in a post and if it gets enough upvotes , we 'll do it !, 
  well there 's still room in the hre if you 're brave enough . 
  and it 's not unlikely that some of the current players wo n't show up next time , so you can just play the nation that becomes available . 
  you mean a separate thread from these weekly ones , with just the summaries or ? 
  usually dakarans posts the summary of last week in the next week 's thread . 
  you actually do n't need the dlcs to play with us , only the main game . 
  only the host 's dlcs matter and dakarans has them all . 
  you might still join and take a horde in asia or something like that . 
  i do n't know how much players is our max but you can come and see what happens . 
  looks like noone 's taking you up on your offer , but feel free to try out a nation alone , and you can ask anything you do n't know in our teamspeak . 
  maybe something low risk for the start of the game , like something in indonesia or an hre minor like hesse . 
  i think you only get a notification if you have reddit gold . 
  rnw is n't really up to me , especially since i wo n't be colonizing anything . 
  if people are really for it it 's fine by me , but it might be a bit late to discuss it now . 
  yeah , the rules allow taking vassals and pus , but only at the very beginning of the 1st round of the game , since later it 's unfair to `` steal '' a hard earned vassal/pu from a player .
