sure , buddy ... 
  just because carl bildt says something does n't make it true . 
  like threefrontstreet said , it is likely that the main reason for their departure was fear of reprisal for their own crimes . 
  not that that 's a justification for an eye for an eye or whatever , but we 're not exactly talking about the croatian military herding them out of the country or whatever . 
  they left out of their own volition , albeit because of fear that they felt , as well as the fear that their own leaders deliberately instilled in them . 
  was that fear justified ? 
  honestly , i do n't believe it was , at least not on a mass scale ( there would 've been individual crimes by angry civilians or some rogue soldiers , unfortunately , i 'd say , but such things were never ignored , but prosecuted ) . 
  however , propaganda had done its work - the same propaganda about `` croatian nazis '' and such that enabled them to be manipulated into a war by belgrade . 
  it 's sad , really , that they commited such atrocities , but were all the while being used by others for their own goals . 
  to be completely frank , though , i also admit that the croatian leadership hardly would 've objected to them leaving , and frankly i do n't really blame them in a political sense ( i would if they did it on purpose though ) , what with how the whole war was handled by the other side and a civilian populace that was , ** imo ** , mostly complicit . 
  frankly , given a choice between a populace that wo n't kill each other and one that will , if i were a politician , i 'd choose the former . 
  of course , i 'd never set about to achieve it deliberately , though , or overlook it if someone was doing the same . 
  oh and , to their credit , the government at the time inacted a generaly amnesty for the war ( excluding war crimes of course ) for all who participated on the opposite side . 
  let that stew a bit . 
  ** frankly , i 'd like to hear you say what you would 've done had you been president of croatia then . 
  ** also , it 's necessary to say that croatia has spent a fuckton of money in order to help people return to their former homes , and even though some have , many have n't . 
  i have n't really noticed much discrimination on a national basis here , so that can only lead me to believe that some either do n't want to return , or might just have something to be guilty about , seeing how their non-serb neighbours might have an idea about what they 'd have been doing in the war . 
  honestly , i do n't really see what 's stopping anyone from returning , other than perceived fear , whether for a reason or not , but i am sure that we are putting in more than reasonable efforts to facilitate the return of those who wish it . 
  all of this is mostly speculation on my part , to be fair . 
  i am not mad or anything , not even mildly irritated . 
  :p it 's just that i ca n't really let such false statements , intentionally false or not , go unchallenged because it presents a one-sided picture . 
  i am sorry to be derailing a completely unrelated thread , though , and i hope i have n't provoked anyone . 
  yeah except it was n't . 
  i mean feel free to back your claim up with some hard evidence but i wo n't just say nothing when i see something like this written ... 
  that 's like saying that , if you have a penis , eventually you will rape somebody . 
  nah , they 'll just claim egypt because it 's alexander 's conquest, 
  to be fair , this refers to , for example , boys pestering girls in elementary school and such . 
  what the fuck is up with calling them potassium and sodium anyways ? 
  i 've literally been keeping this bottled up for years , but i finally have to say something . 
  what ? 
  no , krajina ( rsk ) was the serb parastate in croatia during the war , the thing on the map would be something like republika herceg-bosna, 
  i think he probably forgot a zero . 
  wikipedia says that the unit cost for that tank in 2009 was over a million dollars , so around 850000 euros ? 
  disunited queendom ? 
  pula is ` dick ' in romanian , right ? 
  or was it bulgarian ? 
  anyways we have quite a nice city called pula :p, 
  yeah , that 's actually as good a translation for pripizdina as you can get . 
  anyways , i tend to add gornja and donja to the vukojebina and pripizdina , makes it sound funnier and more apt to me . 
  `` vukojebina donja '' has a really nice ring to it . 
  croatia : * vukojebina - i really ca n't translate this well , it 's basically wolf-fuck-place * pripizdina - this ca n't really be translated either , it has something to do with the vulgar word for vagina * bogu iza nogu - `` behind god 's legs '' , that is , a very remote place the location of which you ca n't even pinpoint, 
  yeah , that 's in a country where the average wage ( that is , the even smaller average wage for entry level/young people ) actually allows for you to pay for rent , food and utilities and have anything , let alone have half of it left over . 
  seriously , a lot of people here , and probably in a lot of other places , do n't have it like that . 
  you know , i 'm really not sure . 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say they 're exclusively limited to students over the active duration of the academic year . 
  after all , one does have to apply for it and get into the list via having enough points ( gpa , social status , etc. ), 
  although , i 've always gotten the impression that the rooms were available for rent to anyone over the summer ( july 15th - 20ish of august ) , so if you 're thinking of staying here then , you might get lucky . 
  also , there might exist a student who has alternative accommodations or something and can rent you their room ( ilegally ) with a bit of a profit for themselves , though i do n't know how realistic of a possibility this is . 
  try starting a thread at the university students ' subforum at forum.hr if you can speak croatian ( though english should be fine as well , i do n't think they 'll mind ) and ask there , maybe someone will have some better/more accurate information than i. 
  link : http://www.forum.hr/forumdisplay.php?f=278, 
  yeah that dorm has quite a lot of trees and mini `` parks '' around each of the 12 ( i think ) pavillions . 
  i 'd say the surroundings are the prettiest of all the dorms i 've seen here , although most of the other dorms have nicer living quarters ( like only two rooms sharing a bathroom in most others , or every two rooms sharing their own washing machine and stove in the bit more expensive ones in the dorm complex from my picture , etc. ), 
  anyways , i 'm not originally from zagreb ( moved here for university ) , but i think it 's a city that has a lot of cool things , architecturally , life quality-wise , etc. 
  the weather is shit though , i get depressed from all the gloom every damn winter and i think it bugs the `` natives '' when i bitch about it . 
  i do n't know , the ones in zagreb are quite good . 
  even the cheapest ones ( the 250kn/month `` sava '' ones ) are totally ok . sure , they 're cramped and they could be a lot better , but at least they 're completely sanitary and you seriously ca n't find any big flaws with the food which is also quite cheap . 
  edit : here 's the [ typical cheapest room for two ] ( http://imgur.com/idhjx8d ) there . 
  but are we ready to give up on potatoes ? 
  it probably has n't crossed the total number of votes treshold . 
  i think it 's 10000 and the film has 8273 user votes . 
  plus there 's already a couple other measures which work to stop a film getting into top 250 if it 's voted on with 10s given by people from its country of origin because they want to see it succeed , etc. 
  you would n't hate it if you had to quickly solve some differential equations . 
  my point is , the fact that people cried does n't really matter in this discussion . 
  they cried for kim yong il as well . 
  touche , i guess , but my point was directed at the whole we 'll get the resources we want the easy way , or the hard way thing . 
  oh please . 
  it 's one thing to work in your nation 's interest , and it 's quite another to put it above anything and anyone else , even if you have to burn down half of the world . 
  just because it makes sense to conduct your affairs as if you 're min-maxing in a video game or something , does n't mean you get to be a disgusting human being and get away with it under the guise of so called realpolitik . 
   p.s. 
  i did n't change anything . 
  i voted against on that referendum . 
  but i was n't strictly against the referendum itself. , which is an important distinction for me . 
  how does this equate to me applauding this particular referendum ? 
   what if 51 % decided to kill the serbian minority . 
  would you support that referendum taking place ? 
  you 're being ridiculous . 
  the sheer impossibility of a large number of people actually thinking that 's a good idea aside , that kind of a referendum would never take place because it would be struck down by the constitutional court . 
  i never claimed it 's fully equal , but it 's still a big step forward , still bigger in increment than a transition from that state to full equality would be . 
  thorough change ca n't come in a day , and ca n't be forced all at once . 
  i 'm upvoting you because i certainly respect such a view , but i 'd just like to add that some people in vukovar do n't see it the same way you do . 
  for them , such a sign in cyrillics in their city symbolizes the aforementioned `` republika srpska krajina '' and those parts of the serb minority there , and i 'm told they exist , that took part in the killing of their loved ones , not to mention the always-present-in-any-nationality young people who glorify their extreme nationalistic opinions and rub it in their faces . 
  i 'm not saying emotions matter much when it comes to law , but i am saying that i can empathize . 
  forcing a thing like bilingual signs there can not , as i see it , produce any good results . 
  people will just feel more threatened , lash out , then the other side gets threatened and provoke the first one more , and it 'll create a greater divide . 
  a change for the better there , i feel , has to come organically , through time , and needs to be implemented once it gains enough legitimacy . 
  the wording of it is ( approx . 
  translated ) : ` do you want the statement `` marriage is the union of a man and a woman '' entered into the constitution ? ', 
  i 'm not a lawyer , but how does that preclude any right marriage has to be granted to a civil union thingey ? 
  the only real consequence i see in it is some negative social division to satisfy some paranoid reactonary semantic nitpickers . 
  afaik , the government can change the decision made on a referendum 6 months after the fact , with the necessary majority , this being a constitution thing making it a 2/3 one . 
  negative consequences notwithstanding , i still maintain that the benefits of direct democracy tip the scale in favor of it , especially in an age where people are losing faith in the political establishment more and more , feeling both that they 're not being legitimately represented , as well as that they lack a good enough choice to represent their interests . 
  -------------- not too relevant , just an aside trying to clear the situation up a bit : was n't a ban , per se . 
  :p well it kind of was , but was n't . 
  the only real effect , as i see it , was a monopoly on the word ` marriage ' , really . 
  not saying some or maybe most of the proponents of that referendum wanted an actual ban ( including the quite unlikeable woman who was at the head of the initiative ) , but it was n't really one , in substance , legally speaking . 
  in all likelihood ( the ruling party wants it and they have the necessary majority ) , in a couple of weeks a law in regards to civil unions ( or some other term , i really do n't remember ) , granting gay people pretty much every single right straight married couples have , except adoption ( in the sense of adopting a child out of an orphanage , not in the sense of adopting the partner 's child ) . 
  i 'm not 100 % on this , so someone please correct me if i 'm wrong , but that 's what i read in some of the media . 
  if i am right , i 'd say that was quite a step forward . 
  touche . 
  however , though i do n't think it 's okay , i would n't equate opposition to official institutional language use with actual banning of use .
