  so if we 'd start before the expansion , we could simply continue with the current version of eu4 ( which i do n't mind , it does n't have bugs and it 's very well balanced ) . 
  personally , i do n't care about africa in eu4 ( sorry ) , so i 'd prefer not to have to wait until who knows when in march , but i ca n't speak for the others , i do n't know what they think . 
  good luck guys , most likely it 'll be this session and the next - and we 'll reach the ending year of 1820 . 
  teamspeak will be the same as every time : 185.4.149.102:9152 room : eu4game password : europe good luck everyone !, 
  for those wanting to join but reluctant to do so now because we 're so far gone , we will likely be starting another game immediately ( or maybe with 1 week pause , i do n't know ) after this one , so in 2 or 3 weeks everyone will have a chance for a fresh start . 
  due to some things that happened in this game though , we 'll be discussing some basic rules to prevent situations that none of the players like , how to make the game more fun for everyone , etc. 
  also , and this is just my suggestion , we should do a nation reservation system for the first session of the new game where people would for example say their top 3 picks of nations and we agree on a system that 'll decide which of their picks they get in order to enable as many people to take their preferred nation . 
  i say this because , even though people can join at any time , most people stay from the beginning in 1444 to the end in 1821 , so it 's nice to ensure the most popular nations are played by players who 'll be a bit more active . 
  just a thought . 
  you can just ask us , we remember basically every nation from the latest session . 
  teamspeak same as always : 185.4.149.102:9152 room : eu4game password : europe, 
  i do n't mind helping out at all , with the only exception being when i 'm at war or something . 
  feel free to ask if you do n't know something . 
  teamspeak same as always : ts details : 185.4.149.102:9152 room : eu4game password : europe, 
  frankly , if you ask me humans taking subject nations should n't be allowed anyways , because it leads to unrealistic behavior and griefing ... that 's the rule that existed in every eu4 mp game i 've played so far . 
  frankly , if you ask me humans taking subject nations should n't be allowed anyways , because it leads to unrealistic behavior and griefing ... that 's the rule that existed in every eu4 mp game i 've played so far . 
  teamspeak same as always : ts details : 185.4.149.102:9152 room : eu4game password : europe, 
  well he can have fun conquering naties and colonizing north america , it 's not that bad . 
  but yeah , ca n't really participate in multiplayer politics . 
  i thought you were in greece ? 
  yeah but we also rehosted with saves from before the last save before the time you mention , and it happened again . 
  only when we changed host did it get normal again . 
  then again , i do n't fully understand how the multiplayer server thing works in eu4 so i could be wrong . 
  in any case , as long as the server works fine it 's fine by me . 
  hey guys , just wanted to say thanks to the game , and i hope there 's no hard feelings . 
  there were a couple of moments where i was frustrated too , but it 's important for all of us to stay in the spirit of the game etc. 
  so thanks for another fun night !, 
  perhaps dakarans should keep hosting the server since he has better internet ? 
  i mean i 'm fine with whatever as long as we do n't have to rehost too much , so you two guys talk and agree on what you think is best . 
  you just wanted to brag about having a girl over ... :p, 
  yeah , frankly this feels like kicking out another player so you can have a rl friend be your guaranteed ally ... 
  yeah i agree with this . 
  if something happens and i have to go early , i do n't want to lose what i 've worked for for litearlly two months ... how much could the new prussia player miss the nation anyways , having played it just for one hour and enjoying the fruits of another player 's effort ... 
  what ? 
  just one hour , so you were in the session itself ? 
  i really think we should let m8stro take his nation back ... 
  so if i miss one saturday after all these rounds , i might not get my nation back ? 
  nemetzke maybe comes from the same root as most of the other slavic languages ' names for germany . 
  in my language ( croatian ) , as far as i know , `` nijemci '' could be translated as `` the mutes '' , as in people who ca n't speak . 
  it might be a mockery of the way germans talk or something like that . 
  kind of like what i heard about the origin of the word `` barbarian '' being the greeks mocking the way non-greeks sound like they 're saying `` bar bar bar '' . 
  the war is already over basically , the warscore is something like +70 for the protestants . 
  that 's because i am a generous god . 
  basically , i probably wo n't conquer any more human land in europe , so no reason to fear me . 
  cn is a colonial nation . 
  if you 're not aware , once you have 5 developed colonies in a colonial region , a colonial nation under you is formed . 
  any other colonies you develop in that region go to the colonial nation once they 're developed . 
  in return , the colonial nation pays you money , is yours to command and gives you 50 % of its trade power . 
  as for north america , castile and i have an agreement where i get all of it . 
  if he trespasses north , the deal 's off and i can destroy him with all the might of my navy and army . 
  i have a colonial nation there with 7 provinces and will be conquering native provinces quickly . 
  also , i 've entered a deal with castile where he gets south/central america and i get north america , and i have enough naval power to stop anyone i want from colonizing north america . 
  on the european plan , my conquest of england/savoy has slowed other aspects of my game down a bit , but i 've now vassalized england so that should be smooth now . 
  yeah , the boring thing was one of my reasons for plotting against castile . 
  if we 'd stayed together , most probably no one could 've had any chance at stopping us . 
  right now we have a very interesting situation with a whole web of alliances . 
  same teamspeak details as before ... ts details : 185.4.149.102:9152 room : eu4game password : europe, 
  sure , i 'll just find a random one again , or maybe even the same as last time . 
  i 'll post the details in chat and here . 
  edit : ts details : 185.4.149.102:9152 room : eu4game password : europe, 
  well not really amazing , generally one irish minor does tend to conquer all the others . 
  they just needed to be released from england 's clutches and left alone . 
  well voice chat is for general talk and such . 
  the secret stuff you do through whispering in chat , yes . 
  ts details : 185.4.149.102:9152 room : eu4game password : europe, 
  does anyone know of a teamspeak 3 server we could use ? 
  the eu4 chat is infuriatingly awkward for me . 
  edit : okay , there 's tons of public servers we can use out there , i 've just looked . 
  when we start , i 'll create a private channel for us so we can communicate more easily . 
  if you 're up for it , install teamspeak 3 client if you do n't have it already . 
  well if the player of a nation does not show up , you can take that nation . 
  the nations that were taken last time were : * france * castille ( with aragon pu ) * muscowy * austria * scotland * florence * japan * mongolia * bohemia * byzantium * ottomans there are others but i ca n't remember now . 
  there are a lot of potentially interesting countries to play that are left . 
  almost all of of the holy roman empire , brandenburg , maybe some scandinavia , etc. 
  feel free to come and see if some nation suits you . 
  cool , see ya . 
  btw google says it 's gon na be 9pm latvian time , just so you 're not late . 
  sure , a friend invite has been sent to you . 
  alright then , cool . 
  feel free to add me and join in a few minutes before the agreed upon time ( 7pm gmt , so that 's 7 in london , 8 in most of the rest of europe ), 
  yes . 
  plots and backstabbings abound , for better or for worse . 
  you can even negotiate stuff like `` give me my core back or we go to war '' , though i think they 've added this option into the game officially now . 
  i 'd stream it if i knew how . 
  also i do n't have a twitch account . 
  edit : i 've investigated a bit and it seems i ca n't stream unfortunately . 
  my upload speed is way too low ( 100 kb/s ), 
  if arathian 's friend list is full , feel free to add me ( the hound ) : http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083239317 i 'm not sure if i can invite you to a game hosted by someone else , but i think i can . 
  hey guys , looking forward to tomorrow , so see you there !, 
  a bosnian is someone who lives in bosnia , that is , has b&h citizenship i guess . 
  that has nothing to do with being bosniak or muslim . 
  a bosnian can be bosniak , serbian , or croatian . 
  ok other ethnicities as well , but those three are the constitutional peoples - you get the picture . 
  anyways , his post seems strange to me because ( at least it seems to me ) it implies that bosnia is bosniak only , and not shared by the peoples who have lived there in the last millenium + the tiny part of this one . 
  it 's not even a correct yugoslavia because istria is in italy ... :d, 
  nice yugoslavia you have on the map ... 
  yes , you 've penetrated through my veil , indeed i am he . 
  what spain france war ? 
  friends until 1821 !, 
  awesome !,
