  please refer to the middle paragraph of the post you replied to . 
  recognised is n't the same as officially used , nor does the lack of official use ( in local government institutions ) threaten to destroy a language . 
  in any case , does n't your claim equate to the possibility of the destruction of the english language in a hypothetical region of france with a large english minority if english is n't used in an official capacity there ? 
  anyways , i recognise this is n't a clear cut issue and i might well be trying to frame my emotional opinion into a valid objective argument . 
  i say this because , deep down , i do n't really care about this specific issue . 
  my main gripe is mostly around the philosophical conflict between people 's democratic autonomy and the authority of a government to override it , even if the number of people it opposes is quite significant . 
  alright , thanks for the clarification . 
  the only thing i 'd like to say further about social rights is that they need to evolve through education and dialogue . 
  i look at it like this . 
  i want society to be more liberal . 
  there are `` conservative '' extremists who 'll basically never be convinced . 
  there are also moderates who are repelled by aggressive labeling of conservatives , media wars , and politicians telling large parts of the populace to go fuck themselves because they 're backwards and narrow-minded . 
  this simply is n't the way to go . 
  you ca n't change people 's minds over night , especially on matters they 're really not remotely interested in changing . 
  what - would - work on such people are proper arguments ( of which there are many ) on why people should let laws dictate the most important of things ( those which can directly harm people ) , and leave each other be in others matters . 
  and , what would work on the children of the extremists is education on tolerance ( note that i 'm saying tolerance , and * not * education on thinking the things we think are right ) . 
  once a society has in its collective consciousness that people have a right to be different in all matters but those which step on the rights of others , then acceptance ( which is far better than tolerance ) can occur naturally . 
  trying to force acceptance aggressively can only polarize people and make change for the better more difficult . 
  tl ; dr you ca n't force things . 
  it only leads to further backlash . 
  rather , educate and promote tolerance and good things come naturally . 
  ----------------------------------- in regards to your edit , it 's half of the population of a city or something , but not half the population of a country ( that kind of threshold , i agree , would be very unreasonable ) . 
  anyways , i do n't know . 
  i guess there might be mostly emotional reasons behind my thinking , but i simply do n't see why use of minority languages in official institutions is a necessity . 
  i mean , i do n't mind , but i still do n't see it as necessary . 
  also , considering the quite extraordinary circumstances of vukovar ( read up on http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vukovar#croatian_war_of_independence ) , which is basically the whole reason why this referendum is even wanted , really , i do n't think the situation with frisian in the netherlands is quite the same . 
  i have nothing against serbian people in general , but i do understand the emotionality of the situation . 
  do take into consideration that a part of the serbian population of vukovar were members of the force which took part in the horrific siege of the city which claimed a lot of vukovaran family members ' lives , and that , for them , the cyrillic alphabet is a symbol of that . 
  i 'm not saying all this is right , but what i am saying is that it needs to be given more time , and not used by the government as a diversion from quite a bit more pressing economic issues . 
  first of all , gay people never had the right to gay marriage in croatia . 
  that stipulation about marriage was already a part of `` regular '' law , and the referendum was about copy pasting it into the constitution . 
  it was n't a revocation of rights , but rather an effort to maintain the status quo . 
  also , it is n't a human right ( according to the european court for human rights ) . 
  by the way , that referendum would not have been held had it been deemed unconstitutional . 
  therefore , the constitution can not be unconditionally changed . 
  it can be merely built upon . 
  at least that 's how it seems to me . 
  anways , well , what do you propose then ? 
  how do you ensure that some basic rights can never be violated , without literally telling the populace of a country that they 're not allowed a vote on something . 
  frankly , i believe that this kind of matter can be simply dealt with by having articles in the constitution that forbid trampling on human rights as accepted in the international community . 
  i seriously do n't believe the majority of people would ever vote to suspend human rights , and if such a situation ever occurred , i already believe we 'd be royally fucked . 
  i think a greater danger lies in limitations on the power of democratic implements such as referenda , which allow a populace to take control in certain matters when politicians who 've been elected to act in the spirit of the people who elected them go back on their word . 
  democratic tradition and the power of the people to decide on matters of common interest is more important to me than the risk of those people sometimes going astray . 
  i 'd rather it take 10-15 more years for gay people to be more accepted in society ( which is a process continuously happening in the right direction in this country ) , than risk becoming a ukraine or turkey where the police will beat the shit out of me because we the people do n't agree with the current political establishment . 
  frankly , the thing i fear the most in the future is an undemocratic dystopia . 
  maybe i watch too many movies , but this is my opinion . 
  by the way , you 're from a country with a strong democratic tradition and , frankly , do n't really need to fear any rogue government or whatever . 
  the croatian people have been under one boot or another for approximately a thousand years , and are not really used to democracy all that much . 
  i think that developing a sense of legitimate representation is the greatest priority right now . 
  we 're actually pretty ok on social issues , and can really only get better . 
  but the political system here is beyond screwed up , and that is n't something that can be fixed with the passage of time alone . 
  * i * did n't change anything . 
  i voted against on that referendum . 
  but i was n't strictly against the referendum itself. , which is an important distinction for me . 
  i was just responding to what i perceive as support for the pm saying that , whatever people say , the referendum wo n't be held , without asking the constitutional court for its opinion . 
  anyways , my point was that there are rights , and then there are `` rights '' . 
  by `` rights '' i mean something that seems reasonable to most of us and is often implemented , but does n't nearly fall into the same category as such rights to life , basic living conditions , a fair judicial system , speech , education , etc. 
  as for your second paragraph here , well fine . 
  if the constitutional court interprets that as grounds to stop this referendum , then i have no complaints . 
  by the way , as a total amateur , it seems to me that that article guarantees people those three things in `` regular '' life , and not in an official capacity . 
  as in , we wo n't stop you from organizing whatever culture groups , the use of whatever language/script while talking with family , friends , or even have a private tv channel where you speak whatever you want . 
  but it 's not the same thing to enforce official use of such a language . 
  if that were true , we 'd have to use all minority languages in an official capacity . 
  not using serbian ( or whatever else language ) officially as a rule ( i do n't mind residents of a city to decide on their own in a democratic fashion ) is n't the same as forbidding people to identify as another nationality , freedom to use their language/script in their personal life all they want , or pursue whatever cultural projects they want ( and even get state funding for it , as they too , pay taxes just like all of us ) . 
  tl ; dr : an argument of semantics as to what actually constitutes a basic right, 
  i really do n't get why people claim that official use of a national minority 's language is suddenly a human right or whatever other drama is being said . 
  i do n't have anything against ( in fact , i am all for it ) state funding of various groups that maintain minorities ' cultures through promotion of whatever , but i fail to see how bilinguality ( i know it 's not a word :p ) is a must . 
  if you live in a country , then speak their language , at least in an official capacity . 
  speak whatever you want in your free time , organize whatever groups or societies you want to promote your culture - you 'll even get state funding for most of those things . 
  but official use of other languages is n't something that 's on the same level , if you ask me . 
  i mean , people talk as if the organizers of the referendum are going to burn cyrillic books or something . 
  there is valid criticism of this initiative , but do n't use ridiculous , sensationalist arguments . 
  if this were a `` kill people who use the cyrillic alphabet '' , i 'd be right up there with you . 
  however , it is not . 
  to compare the right to live with the right to official use of an alternate language as a minority in a country is preposterous . 
  personally , i do n't care either way and it would n't bother me if the referendum gets voted no on , if it is held . 
  however , what i am annoyed about is too much dramatization . 
  which is why we have a constitution . 
  it 's precisely up to that constitution to ensure the protection against majority rule , and not whoever ends up being the local sheriff this mandate . 
  fine , pull a fast one over them by selling them your house and buying 5 romanian ones . 
  my opinion : he might be liberal on social issues ( which is good ) , but more importantly , he 's an incompetent politician , somewhat of an asshole , and a coward ( much like most of the members of the two most popular parties ) in the sense that he does n't seem to care about improving anything as much as passing the buck to the previous government 's failures . 
  this is something endemic to the system we have where the two most popular parties simply switch places after every election , the opposition raves against the current ruling party , then does the things they opposed a couple of years ago . 
  if he were a good politician who gave a crap about anything , he 'd make some long-needed repairs of our economy and overwhelmingly huge bureaucracy , but , like everyone , he 'll never do anything meaningful because he thinks it 'll mean the end of him politically . 
  `` hip youth '', 
  ah , right . 
  i guess i got confused because in my language it 's `` poljak '' , which is very similar to the english `` polack '' . 
  thanks for correcting me !, 
   anyways , i did n't even know it was used as a derogatory term , i just read about it on wikipedia . 
  since when is `` polack '' a derogatory term ? 
  i really do n't know , i 'm just asking . 
  translated literally into my language , it 'd literally mean a person with a polish nationality . 
  wow . 
  well yes , i 'd guess there is a dislike , more or less . 
  a lot of people still hold the war against serbia ( as in , the country , not its people ) , mostly because of the circumstances it was fought in . 
  i sincerely doubt that any nation in the history of humanity completely got over having to fight in a defensive war less than 20 years ago . 
  even i would never , say , vote for someone who was a member of their paramilitary during our independence war , though i 'd say that was very reasonable on my part . 
  anyways , younger generations generally do n't give a crap , though . 
  however , even i would say that i dislike the serbian government however , hardcore football fans are a specific area . 
  they can be violent ( one croatian club 's fans vs another 's ) . 
  they dislike everyone who 's not them , and when it comes to someone we have a sordid past with like serbians , they instinctively see them as a target .
