  there is no particular reason to believe that democratically elected uk governments would have stopped persecuting people because of their ethnicity and religion otherwise . 
  this is now the state of this sub - upvoting someone literally praising a terrorist campaign , saying that it 's the innocent civilian 's fault for existing as the wrong nationality . 
  it 's not even historically accurate - the elected part of the british government tried to hand over ni to ireland . 
  just imagine someone saying this after any other terror attack , that it was deserved . 
  fucking horrendous . 
   you 're coming back in , kiddo . 
  hurray !, 
  semi serious . 
  the first 4 are independent of other factors - the only country with better accident stats than the u.k. is sweden , which is substantially more rural . 
  likewise , comparing equally developed countries , the ones who drive on the left almost always are safer by any metric . 
  it 's character building . 
  you mean the statistically superior side ? 
  just look at all these advantages compared to right hand drive : - lower number of deaths per miles ( or km ) on average - lower number of deaths per capita on average - lower number of deaths per vehicle on average - more logical to have the dominant eye ( right in most people ) be closest to the road lines - keeps dominant hand on wheel whilst changing gears - it 's the opposite of how the french do it , therefore better - can more efficiently insert parking ticket into machine to raise barriers - superior ability to salute the queen i mean , why drive on the right when you can drive right on the left ? 
  exactly . 
  the root cause is that the older generation did n't produce and save enough to support themselves for their expected lifespan , and the state pensions are all built on a pyramid scheme requiring significant growth in production from working age people . 
  this is the root issue - no economy can withstand an aging population because they all require growth to fund the increasingly creaky pension systems . 
  there is no easy solution ; at least one generation will get burned by this failure to plan ahead . 
   was china 's one child policy horrendous as well ? 
  it had arguably limited effects , raised rates of infanticide and increased the number of sex selective abortions which has created an absolute demographic time bomb in terms of male : female ratio so ... yes ? 
  pretty horrendous . 
  but worse than that , by taxing it you 're essentially saying that it is always desirable to have children , even if you can not properly care for them . 
  if that 's an attempt to fix the welfare funding , it falls over at the first hurdle because you are necessarily creating dependants who need support . 
   we do not need to grow forever but we need to sustain our lifestyle . 
  this is the exact shortsightedness i mean . 
  even if we did implement a tax and it works perfectly , what next ? 
  every subsequent generation will face the same problem and at some point it has to be addressed at the root . 
  all your solution does is say `` fuck it , someone can deal with this mess later '' . 
  i ca n't support that logic . 
  that 's a horrendous method of doing anything and at best shoves back the population issue a few decades . 
  we ca n't have exponential growth forever , and frankly i do n't understand why it 'd be desirable to . 
  it 's not a socialist solution as much of a `` sell the future for the present '' treatment . 
  no , you ca n't shift the goalposts here . 
  the comment i replied to had you criticising common law when someone said that civil law in continental europe was a point of contention . 
  that 's evidently not just referring to the napoleonic code , so your snideness makes no sense . 
  that said , there 's really very little separating how roman , germanic and napoleonic law is created , with the major differences being in how they 're practised ; this should n't be surprising because both napoleonic and germanic law directly derives from the old roman law . 
  each separates laws into sections , with each section relating to different tenets of rulings . 
  the way french law operates today is not particularly far removed from the way that the byzantines operated their code of law , so even if we had been talking about napoleonic law , it 's still more archaic than common law . 
  even then , there 's still not a great deal which separates common and civil law in practice . 
  particularly , germanic law is increasingly reliance on precedent and the french commission charged with making sense of the law has been complaining for half a decade or so that current codification methods make it increasingly hard to actually figure out what the law is supposed to be . 
  common law , likewise , may be derived from a lack of codification in theory , but in practice the majority of law is decided on legislative grounds with precedence often determining sentence rather than liability . 
  to say common law is more archaic than civil law is to say that judges , professionals in the field of law with often decades of experience , deciding legality makes less sense than politicians deciding it all . 
  that 's not something i can get behind - i trust the judges of my country to codify the law far more than i trust the government 's infallibility . 
  the trade off of legal quagmires which common law can create , plus the often confusing nature of it , are far lesser evils to me than handing complete and utter control of the law into partisan hands , who change it on a whim and must ensure all situations are covered in law ; in france an entire bureaucratic body ( the commission ) has to exist to even deal with the mammoth task which this creates . 
  if that 's not done perfectly , you end up with situations like the german cannibal case - in common law , there 's no such issues . 
  both have positives , both have negatives - to pretend one is strictly superior ( or even marginally superior to be honest ) is just daft . 
  i 'll be honest , i ca n't tell whether you 're either arguing in bad faith ( implying common law has n't modernised alongside civil law ) or actually just believe napoleon created the idea of civil law as a system . 
  what world do you live in where a system used in the roman era is more modern than one created in the 9th century ad ? 
  what a bizarre thing to say . 
  a full third of the financial service gdp in the uk is the insurance industry , which is mostly uk based anyway ( with some sister companies in usa/europe ) . 
  likewise , most of the real money in banking is in investments and forex , which wo n't be hugely affected either . 
  it 's not the culture which companies value in the uk , but the laxer financial regulation , lower taxation and additional political power that banks get here . 
  that 's not going to change after we leave - if anything , it 'll be loosened further , or tax incentives might come into place . 
  i do n't know why people think for a second most banks would more to frankfurt anyway . 
  one of the huge advantages london has always had is an enormous population with close proximity to some of the best universities in the world . 
  whilst there are a lot of great universities in frankfurt , the population is minuscule in comparison . 
  a far more likely candidate would be paris , which already has a booming financial district in the form of la def\u00e9nse , plus is easy to migrate to from london , plus has the benefits of a large population and great unis . 
  if they 're going to move , that 's where my bet would be . 
  it might be that in 10 years , frankfurt has the same opportunities as paris , but right now i 'm not seeing it . 
  nobody said `` we hate all europeans '' . 
  not once , in any debate , by any public figure did anyone say that . 
  even among the people i know who voted leave , nobody wanted to stop free trade , nor stop welcoming skilled workers , nor that they wanted to help europe less . 
  the argument was , and pretty much always has been , about immigration levels and border controls . 
  i do n't even agree with their arguments and i can see why people are worried about immigration during a time of nhs underfunding , housing shortages and wage stagnation ; if other countries saw that as hated , they either did n't listen , or did n't care . 
  as for feeling it after the vote , i think it 's safe to say almost anyone in britain who you asked would say that europe is not particularly brotherly to the u.k. 
  the only thing which changed for me was that i went from believing that the contempt was a negligible minority , to seeing it everywhere i went . 
  i 've certainly never met anyone in europe who cared about the uk as much as i cared about them . 
  it was mostly a joke to be honest . 
  if you want a more serious answer in response though , you could look through this , or most other threads on / r/europe and look for the animosity yourself , whether it 's saying all british are x , or that they hope we are punished for leaving , or even just that we had so many special allowances from the eu ( without anyone ever actually saying any of them , of course ) . 
  put it like this - i was a huge european federalist for the majority of my life . 
  when we voted to leave the eu , i was absolutely devastated and you can probably find my semi-drunk reddit posts against people who voted to leave from the night of the election if you 're bothered . 
  now , having seen the response online and how i 've felt when i 've been in other countries of europe this year , my only regret is the economic clusterfuck that it 's going to be - it could n't be more apparent to me how hated we really are . 
   britain is still part of europe , and honestly i hope people on this sub stop bashing them 24/7 just because they voted to go a different route yeah , everyone can get back to hating us for existing again , not just for brexit . 
  `` the pond '' means the atlantic , so you have n't unless the netherlands has relocated itself pretty far . 
  i 've eaten dutch gouda ; i spent a fortnight in alkmaar even , where it seems you ca n't physically avoid the stuff even if you wanted to . 
  real british cheeses are n't found at supermarkets ( well , maybe really large waitroses , but that 's about it ) , they 're also sold at the market . 
  besides , it was more a joke about how every country believes they have the world 's greatest cheese and that everyone else 's sucks , rather than a serious commentary on dutch cheese . 
  gouda is to cheese what canned dog food is to stew . 
  the resistance from the people who know much about it is around food preparation and poultry cultivation . 
  stop making strawmen - you have no idea what the majority believes . 
  true , and a fair point . 
  it sounds quite plausible that uk road deaths are reduced by the amount of time spent driving in urban environments . 
  in any case , i still expect low correlation to max blood alcohol allowed by law and road deaths . 
  maybe it raises deaths from drink-driving , but accidents by drink/drug-driving convictions are almost impossible to get reliable data for in the uk , let alone anywhere with less information stored against crimes . 
  most of europe does , but yeah , uk roads are the second safest in europe per 100k inhabitants after sweden . 
  even more remarkable if you consider that population density is highly correlated to accidents . 
  of course , there 's a lot of factors behind that , everything from driver culture to driving on the left . 
  as a post , blood alcohol level by law is largely meaningless - the useful metric would be blood alcohol level per drink-driving offence , and i suspect that 's pretty similar across all of europe because drunk drivers are just generally idiots . 
   we are better than you guys imagine being someone who unironically actually believes this . 
  horrifying . 
  it 's easier to defend a moat though . 
  communism has enough real , verifiable flaws without nonsense shitposts like this , which just serve to make the poster look as though they do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  i ca n't tell if this is a joke or not . 
  only to the extent that you do n't have to hold another election . 
  if one party controls the presidency and the other the houses , all you get is obstructionism - not really a workable government . 
  even worse then . 
  do n't need 326 technically , 324 is working majority if sinn fein keep their 4 seats . 
  1 seat if sf keep all their seats . 
  and literally being paid to do nothing is easier than either . 
  that was pretty much the strategy by the end . 
   all of northern ireland could vote for independentist candidates for westminster and it would n't mean anything and it would amount to nothing .
