he organized no genocide or mass massacre erm , i 'm pretty confident that he did , in fact do both of these things . 
  that 's not saying other countries did n't also do these things ( britain was very much worse ) , but certainly napoleon was no exception . 
   i will state however that being a republican is not a shameful secret that should be kept out of casual conversation sure , in the same vein as most political opinions should n't be shameful secrets . 
  does n't mean that giving them unprompted is going to do more than agitate people though . 
   i mean , i understand . 
  you heard somebody say something unpleasant about your nationality and you want to defend it had the comment about his nationality been the other way around , or about someone saying that he was practically american when visiting the us , i would have reacted that same given your response . 
  i guess it 's true that i only bothered to type out a comment because i 'm british , but i still would 've thought it was dumb if it was n't anything to do with britain . 
   what did we do that makes us ` at fault ' ? 
  you assumed that someone finding common ground was someone trying to erase a national identity , i.e. 
  you assumed someone acted in bad faith with no evidence . 
  then you responded with political views to a statement that both countries are ruled by the same person , i.e. 
  gave a strong , unsolicited political opinion in a casual conversation . 
  how are you not at fault ? 
   your example is not apt at all . 
  it 's more like visiting a cathedral and having a total stranger walk up to you ask you where you 're from , you say ` ireland ' , they say ` then you 're a devout catholic like me ' and then you explain that actually you 're atheist . 
  what ? 
  how on earth is it anything like that ? 
  the person talking did n't assume he was a monarchist so that falls over at the gate . 
  they said a fact - both countries have the same head of state - and then made a remark that they were basically identical because of it , which is fair because canada is culturally similar to britain and finds common ground . 
  nowhere does that require someone to say they disagree with how the head of state has come to govern . 
   indians can , on average , tolerate stronger spices than people who were n't raised on spicy food . 
  this is a fact and entirely different to somebody reminding you that their queen rules over you . 
  i ca n't believe you do n't see the difference - but i guess you 're proving my point . 
  [ welp . 
  ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-uc4adrh9ykm/t3oqcm3ewpi/aaaaaaaaa3y/9olgpybld_q/s1600/judge-judy-laptop.gif ) i mean , do i actually have to explain why you should stop with the indian comparison or ... 
  well , if you want to provide more context , feel free ; with the information you gave us , you came across as the one at fault . 
   anyway , there 's a difference between complimenting somebody on e.g. 
  their ability to handle spicy food by saying that they are ` practically indian ' and essentially telling somebody that their nationality does n't count because your queen rules over them anyway . 
  correct . 
  one is a poor stereotype i 'd expect to hear from a drunkard at an indian restaurant , and the other is an obvious attempt to find common ground - and again , i do n't see anything implying that `` their nationality does n't count '' . 
   they would n't go weirdly serious when they found out that my boyfriend is a republican . 
  unless they were prompted , it 's an odd thing to raise . 
  it 'd be like me visiting a cathedral and then saying i 'm an atheist to someone who just talked to me about the architecture . 
  it 's tangentially relevant at best , and comes over as zealous at worst . 
  i would expect it to make any conversation go sour . 
   i still think it 's bloody rude to tell a complete stranger - with no idea of their personal politics - that their nationality is redundant . 
  what are you even on about ? 
  it 's just people being friendly by joking about a common connection . 
  i very much doubt anyone is trying to say or infer that someone else 's nationality is redundant , and it seems pretty obtuse to say so . 
  for example , i would find it a great complement if i went to canada and someone called me practically canadian , and i suspect that would be the same for most people going to most countries . 
  i do n't see how this is objectionable in any way unless you 're really trying to be offended . 
  the entire argument with that guy was because he was excusing civilian massacres , and not just defending the actions of the ira as a whole ; as i said in another post i was arguing against any non-combatant being killed by any side for any purpose because it 's unjustifiable , and said in several that i condemned the actions of the british army in ireland because what they did was horrendous . 
  that 's not `` english exceptionalism '' you prat , it 's the complete opposite . 
  i mean , imagine if the quote had been this instead in a conversation about ex-french colonial nations :  history consistently shows that appealing to french people 's good nature does n't work , threatening to blow up them up does . 
  i ca n't help it if you 're as beasts in human skin that only understand violence . 
  do you think that literally any context could ever justify that quote ? 
  i would sure as hell hope not . 
  and again , every single time i 've quoted anyone in this thread i 've linked back to the original comments so that people can judge for themselves . 
  i 'm not whitewashing context at all ; i can barely give any more context without literally quoting 20-30 posts verbatim . 
  i am presenting exactly what was said with all surrounding words , and also giving people the tools to look into it themselves - how can you possibly argue that i 'm treating britain as exceptional or `` crybullying '' , whatever that 's supposed to mean ? 
  which shows the simple truth - you do n't see any abuse because you excuse it all in any guise . 
  do you honestly believe that anything said there justifies the quote i gave ? 
  it 's not like i 'm obscuring the source , i linked it right there . 
  which bit exactly excuses him saying all british people are beasts who only understand terror threats exactly ? 
  edit :  that whole discussion is you trying to act like the troubles started because the irish just felt like a spot of terrorism for fun what the fuck ? 
  that 's not at all what i was saying , or even close . 
  i even gave the reason i was debating him :  [ most people understand the fact that bad things happening over long periods of time breeds hatred . 
  do you see the difference between `` some of the things the ira did were unconscionable but ultimately a reaction to oppression '' and `` innocent people deserve to be murdered by bombs because they were born the wrong nationality , and i do n't care at all that more were killed yesterday '' ? 
  that 's the difference we 're talking about here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/60wc9a/comparison_of_daily_mail_front_page_today_in/dfb14i5/?utm_content=permalink&amp;utm_medium=user&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=frontpage ) does that sound like i think the troubles were started because `` the irish just felt like a spot of terrorism for fun '' ? 
   also , you 're not showing how the ban would hurt the business sector ? 
  if you ca n't see why a ban on using a laptop would be harmful to business , then i can only assume you 've never seen business class of a pane , nor worked near people who do work abroad . 
  it 's such an obvious detriment to multinational executives that i thought it 'd go without saying , but here we are . 
   you 're assuming there 's a threat that only the us saw . 
  and you 're assuming the us handed that info only to the uk . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  i would suspect it was the other way round actually , on the grounds that gchq is in many ways better at sigint . 
  as for only handing it to the uk - this happens all the time . 
  the nsa and gchq are so integrated that they 're almost the same organisation , with the only real difference being who can request data from them ( i.e. 
  us ca n't demand british intel , uk ca n't demand usa intel ) . 
   even if the us handed it to others , having only the uk act on it , exactly how the us did , is enough to arouse suspicion about its validity and true motive for the ban . 
  it has n't been implemented in the same way . 
  it 's only even similar in the fact that they both ban devices from planes - it 's not even the same list of devices , nor the same enforcement rules per airline . 
  frankly , even if it had , why would that in any way indicate sucking up ? 
  do n't you think it 's a bit peculiar that the ban is stricter for uk airlines and the ban was backed by democrats in the usa if it 's to suck up ? 
  it does n't make logical sense . 
   some other guy actually agreed , and he was a brit . 
  wrong . 
  he agreed that people might see sharing intelligence as butt kissing , not that the ban was appeasing trump . 
  which of the following seems more likely : britain is damaging it 's business sector appeasing someone by instituting a ban which does n't make sense unless there 's a suspected threat , using information from an organisation at loggerheads with the person they 're trying to appease . 
  or britain and america ban the same devices because they share intelligence on a more substantial level than any other set of countries in the world , and shared information on a threat . 
  use your head . 
  there is absolutely no reason the uk would ban these electronics for appeasement - what would it even do for the us , and why would the us care about devices being flown into the uk on planes by non-american airlines ? 
  you 've managed to do 2 +2 and make 9 . 
  good job . 
  tell me it 's wrong though . 
  stigmatise speeding far more . 
  measures to improve visibility on country roads . 
  make old drivers ( 70 + ) take a driving test biannually . 
  more bike routes to get bikes off roads . 
  support enforcement of highway codes in eastern europe . 
  drive on the left . 
  there are dozens of things which could be done to reduce car accidents , it 's just the political will is n't there to support it . 
  even if it was true , would you deliberately choose to ingest it anyway ? 
   you choose of your free will to enter in this discussion : you replied to me , and you choose to ping me in this subthread . 
  if you do n't like what i say , then nobody is forcing you to talk to me . 
  okay ? 
  i do n't remember claiming otherwise . 
   it 's not my problem in particular if you do n't like it if i refuse to observe 24 hours silence because of an attack that killed four people in another country . 
  how many are dying in yemen because of british supplied weapons ?
