  that 's not true though . 
  if the sitting ni mps asked for a referendum on joining roi , the government is obligated to give them that , and uphold whatever results from it under the good friday agreement . 
  there 's no worse way to become one united ireland that to not take a seat in parliament . 
  their influence in that regard is substantial . 
   is it any better to vote to be ruled by an institution when your end goal is to break free from it ? 
  it 's a valid question . 
  let me pose you one in return - is it better to have your views represented in an institution you hate , or have your voice be ignored by the same ? 
  likewise , are you more likely to break from a parliament by putting that view across in a democratic wway , or by simply refusing to participate at all . 
  i understand the ideological background , but on any level beyond that it 's a fools gambit . 
  ostensibly , it 's a protest against being represented in an institution you do n't recognise . 
  pragmatically , it 's retarded - you 're literally voting to be ruled without representation , making your situation worse . 
  i mean , you 're not wrong , it 's clearly a foolish move as these polls are showing . 
  the issue she 's had , though hidden from the public slightly , is that even a few tory backbench mps rebelling against the party line completely foils attempts to pass through legislation . 
  on the grounds she 's proposing extremely controversial things - censoring the internet , withdrawing from the echr , etc - she wanted to be able to force them through without issue . 
  i , for one , am very happy about this result because those proposals may well be scrapped whatever happens . 
  it 's happened once ever in the history of the british parliament and even then they managed to create a workable minority government . 
  it 's a bad system , but it 's usually better than any other system at preventing this exact scenario . 
  except , it would seem , tonight . 
  nowhere near enough for either side . 
  if they maintain 8 seats , it leaves either side short of majority . 
  of course , if the unionists in ni vote sinn fein it will fuck that up , as cons + dup * might * form workable minority coalition . 
  seems very unlikely though . 
  i do n't believe there 's enough seats for either the right or left . 
  the tories need 12 seats - they would basically need all of ni to ally to them . 
  when she called the election , she had a 20 % lead in opinion polls . 
  they thought it could be a 100 seat majority landslide . 
  the thing which seems to have happened is that corbyn motivated the youth to vote , which has eaten conservative stronghold seats to labour . 
  if the exit polls are correct , which they may well not be , no single party can form either a majority or minority government . 
  the only feasible pairing is conservatives + liberal democrats - when the lib dems did that in 2010 it wiped out their vote so they almost certainly wo n't go for it again . 
  the end result is probably another election . 
  they all have spam names too , because they know their views are so awful that they 'll get banned quickly . 
  i 'm not demanding britain do anything you halfwit . 
  if you ca n't see why scrapping the law which protects rights such as `` having a fair election '' and `` freedom of thought '' might be a blisteringly idiotic proposal , then there 's really nothing to talk about . 
  go shit yourself elsewhere . 
  do you understand that human rights were created with the background of a fascist state having just murdered thousands ? 
  which one do you think was the greater threat ? 
  the short answer is that if the political will was there , we could already completely stop immigration from every muslim country and deny citizenship to recent immigrants from those countries . 
  it would be a barbaric and frankly idiotic solution , but it could be done . 
  the issue is not the human rights act , and never has been . 
  i am not going to roll over and let a totalitarian act pass through our parliament just because some shitposter from the usa is pissing their own pants in fear . 
  seek psychiatric help . 
  london is at fault for irish laws . 
  great logic there . 
   i was n't waving my e-dick around , i was responding to your ad hominem attack . 
  1 ) nobody randomly proclaims their degree and specialism unless they 're doing an argument from authority . 
  2 ) i did n't even insult you , much less use an ad hominem attack - at no point have i tried to attack your person to refute any argument 3 ) well , my mistake , i thought that a specialism in game theory ( and you did , in fact , say that it was about game theory ) might be extraordinarily relevant in a discussion about game theory . 
  i 'm sure you know better though . 
   you ca n't model multiple interdependent multilateral trade decisions based on the prisoner 's dilemma or a snowdrift game . 
  [ til the wto model for trade relations ca n't be used for trade decisions . 
  ] ( https://www.wto.org/english/res_e/booksp_e/anrep_e/wtr09-2b_e.pdf ) best let them know quickly , they 've used it for decades !, 
   the paper has nothing to do with actual optimal trade decisions unless there 's a pre-determined mutation rate coupled with a system of consistent strategies . 
  if you ca n't see why it 's applicable , that 's your own shortfall . 
  also , that does n't accurate sum up the paper at all . 
   right , but your total payoff is a function of your strategy and your opponents ' strategies . 
  there is no such thing as the total payoff of a particular strategy . 
  technically speaking , you can fix your opponent 's score , so this is n't quite true as it 's possible to reduce the opponent 's score to a function of your own strategy . 
  in fact , you can do the same by always defecting if the `` punishment '' payoff is equal to the `` sucker '' payout - you will set your opponent 's score to that . 
  regardless , you still have methods to find optimal strategies over a long period . 
   how so ? 
  when matched against compliant opponents , a player implementing a tit-for-tat strategy will always cooperate , and all players will receive the same payoff . 
  correct . 
  however , if a tft strategy opens with defect , it self annihilates in populations where it plays itself compared to a compliant strategy . 
  if it complies , it never does better than a compliant strategy . 
  therefore , the compliant strategy wins by being more stable in a population . 
   in any event , we seem to agree that the most successful strategies involve punishing defection , though we might disagree about how often and/or to what extent defection should be punished . 
  true ; the idea , however , is that when a compliant strategy meets another complier , it maximises payoff whilst still relatively punishing defection by not maximising an extorter 's payoff . 
   but there are n't two players -- there are 28 players . 
  the reason for taking a hardline stance on brexit negotiations is to prevent other members of the eu from defecting . 
  in negotiations between the eu and the uk , there are 2 players . 
  the reasoning behind taking a hardline stance is , in my opinion , an illogical fallacy - either the uk will falter compared to being in the eu , or it will not . 
  if it falters ( and there 's every reason to believe it will ) , this gives ammo to people wanting the eu to stay together ; if it does n't then there 's no guarantee the success would be repeated , and the eu should learn from however the uk manages to succeed to make itself stronger . 
  if the eu needs to keep itself together by `` punishing '' people who wish to leave ( and by punish , i mean not allowing them a deal akin to canada for ideological reasons , not something like single market access without fom ) then it should consider whether it should undergo serious reformation anyway , as that 's no way to go about things . 
  in any situation , i see no reason for a hardline stance other than an appeal to emotion . 
   only the arguments matter , but the focus of my degree has mainly been behavioural economics , even if my knowledge is still limited if we 're waving our pointless e-dicks around , i 've got an mmath and wrote up a paper on zero determinant strategies where i simulated non-fixed payoff iterative snowdrift games over the set of reactive strategies . 
  the reason i 'm arguing about this passionately is because it 's literally my area of speciality . 
   firstly , i never said that it was n't iterated ( although that 's true as the payoffs are dynamic ) , i said this was n't a simple iterated prisoner 's dilemma . 
  you can see it as a very large intertwined set of game trees . 
  also , this is a system with dynamic , not static pay-offs . 
  unless your intention is to disregard the way i said i was modelling it in the first post in favour of a more complex system ( to the extent of unsolvability ) which adds questionable depth , i do n't see how this is relevant . 
  as far as i can see , you can model it quite effectively as an iterated snowdrift game . 
   the prisoner 's dilemma has two people . 
  people do n't refer to any game/sequential game as `` the prisoner 's dilemma '' , it 's not a generic term , it 's a scenario . 
  what i said is completely right i did n't say that . 
  almost everything up until this quote in your post is totally misrepresenting my argument . 
  i even literally stated in my first post '' [ a ] s long as you accept that trade deals are analogous to either a prisoner 's dilemma or snowdrift game , this holds universally true . '', 
  which it does . 
  because it is . 
   one example is using punishment in an indefinitely repeated stackelberg game . 
  i meant when is knowing the other player 's strategy not universally beneficial to you . 
  knowing the other player 's strategy in a stackelberg game is very beneficial to you , because you play according to their expected response . 
   non-zero-sum games exist , and politics/trade is arguably the biggest example . 
  exiting a trade agreement can have the exact consequences described . 
  what on earth are you on about ? 
  who mentioned zero sum games ? 
  neither prisoner 's dilemmas , nor snowdrift games , are necessarily zero sum . 
  if they were zero sum , compliant strategies would be implicitly stupid because you 're handing over a strict advantage with no chance for it to be repaid . 
   to prove what ? 
  be precise , link the study . 
  study ? 
  no , paper - it 's maths .
