  there 's a myriad of them for varying methods of evolving populations , though the first to my knowledge is the [ study of adaptive dynamics ] ( http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0077886 ) . 
  it 's pretty conclusive that compliant strategies are strictly superior . 
   there is no such thing as an `` optimal '' position in an iterated prisoner 's dilemma , as the success of one 's strategy depends on the strategies adopted by one 's opponents my definition of optimal is `` maximising total payoff '' . 
  this is quite possible . 
   however , the `` tit-for-tat '' strategy is generally quite successful against a variety of opposing strategies , while strategies which do n't punish defection fare quite poorly . 
  tit-for-tat is the in between of compliant and extortionate strategies . 
  you can almost always beat it ( up to probabilistic degeneration ) in large populations with a compliant strategy , as they tend toward the same payoff as allc in an infinite iteration . 
  all compliant strategies punish defection to varying degrees - this is what i mean by `` favouring opponent '' , instead of giving them whatever they want , i.e. 
   britain has defected , and other member states of the eu must be shown that such defection is not advantageous . 
  britain has defected once . 
  the correct strategy is to continue playing a compliant strategy regardless , as it maximises eventual payoff ; deliberately altering to a defection-dominated based strategy minimises payoff for both players , and is exceptionally foolish . 
   no it 's not . 
  an iterated prisoner 's dilemma maintains the same player . 
  i am talking about multiple interlinked sets of varying players . 
  please do n't talk about things you do n't understand . 
  you said it was n't iterated because `` it 's a matter of multiple sequential games '' - this is literally the definition of iteration . 
  similarly , almost nobody means `` iteration between two players '' when they say iterated prisoner 's dilemma , they mean multiple players from a population play against each other multiple times each ; the single game case is not particularly interesting . 
  further still , the conclusions i said earlier only work in a population of more than two - in a population of 2 , the `` best '' strategy is always to extort the other player thus setting both player 's score to the minimal possible , which hopefully fairly obviously not a good model for trade deals . 
   no , this is false . 
  pre-commitment can be beneficial in many scenarios , this is undebatable . 
  name one . 
  name a strategy in a 2 player game where knowing the other player 's strategy is n't universally beneficial to you . 
   the assumptions of a finite game with the perfect knowledge you seem to be making do n't exist in an infinite game with imperfect information . 
  actually , as long as you know the population size and no player remembers the first round , neither the last , they all hold true up to restrictions . 
   no , but the likelyhood of a dominant strategy existing can increase , i said on average . 
  once again , we 're talking about a series of games . 
  yeah , and that dominant strategy is to favour the other player , as i repeatedly have said . 
   setting precedent means other players will optimise their payoffs by avoiding the scenario with pre-commitment . 
  this is a basic economic fact . 
  this is why favouring the other player works . 
  it 's not particularly basic either - the maths to prove it only came out in 2012 . 
   no , this is not a matter of the prisoner 's dilemma because trade is n't a single instance game , it 's a matter of multiple sequential games as i said in my post , it 's an iterated prisoner 's dilemma or iterated snowdrift . 
  the meaning of iterated is literally `` multiple sequential games '' . 
   having the other side know your `` threads '' ) are credible allows you to have a more dominant strategy on average . 
  1 ) no it does n't , the opposition knowing your strategy means you are in an exceptionally weak position 2 ) there 's no such thing as a `` more dominant strategy '' - it 's either dominant or it is n't . 
  and , as i said , it is a proven fact that favouring your opponent is almost strictly the superior strategy . 
   this is about game theory and precedent . 
  yeah , we could just hug , make up , and pretend this never happened by closing a deal that changes very little this is , in fact , the optimal position in a 2 player game . 
  players who try to extort each other end up in the worst of all worlds . 
  players who favour each other , even when the other side does n't , have the most success in the long run ( i.e. 
  iterated versions of the same game ) . 
  as long as you accept that trade deals are analogous to either a prisoner 's dilemma or snowdrift game , this holds universally true . 
  this was said when the sewing looms were automated and the luddites smashed the machinery . 
  it was said when car manufacturing became automated . 
  it was said when trading became largely automated . 
  yet , here we are , still functioning with plenty of jobs . 
  i am not convinced that the impending automation of transit jobs is going to be anything but a repeat of history ; where one door closes due to technology , many often open . 
  britain already has an issue with too few low skilled workers , so i 'm definitely not that concerned on that front . 
  yes , eventually it might be a problem , but ultimately we 're going to need people to supervise and create the ai ; likewise , it 's unlikely that the automation of low paid , low productivity jobs such as transport and admin work will generate the sort of funding needed for ubi to work . 
  i just do n't see it as that much of an impending issue . 
  this does n't detail anything i asked . 
  there 's no detail on implementation ( would only citizens or everyone get it , what happens to people without bank accounts , is it enough to exist on or a wage supplement , etc ) , there 's no reasonable proposal to fund it ( it lists things like abuse of the welfare state without methods to tackle it , regressive taxes like vat or savings taxes , and suggests resource tax which would literally lead to resources being more expensive , thus decreasing real spending power ) and there 's no addressing of the downfalls beyond cherrypicked studies . 
  again , it seems like a reasonable idea - at a living wage , it would take care of pensions , jobseekers , tax free allowance , etc - but the proposals have no concrete foundations that i 've seen . 
  i just want someone to come out with a plan saying '' # x per citizen , funded by y & z , with p and q as measures to control distribution '' . 
  until i see an actual plan , i find it very hard to take seriously . 
  i do n't oppose this if it 's backed by a sound plan , but i 'm yet to see anyone explain how it will actually * work * . 
  will the level of ubi be enough to live off as a sole income or not ? 
  if so , how can it be funded and what is the plan for hard to automate but undesirable jobs such as bin men ? 
  if it 's not enough , why is it better than the current system and what happens to disability benefits , etc ? 
  people love to throw words like `` automation '' and `` ai '' around as if they 're anywhere close to job replacements ; as it is currently , they 're still struggling with object recognition . 
  neural networks almost all need very fine tuning and have to be tested and retested thousands of times . 
  even automatically cleaning data is hard enough . 
  we likely have decades to worry about this , and it ca n't even be funded until it 's begun happening . 
  so , whilst a nice idea , can someone please explain precisely how this would be implemented , how it could be funded and what steps would be taken to avoid the feared downfalls ? 
  personally , i 'm not seeing it ; if it could happen before i hit pensionable age , that 'd be great though . 
   every added vote dilutes the time that can be given to public debate on the topic . 
  do you believe that revoking a blasphemy law needs much time to debate ? 
  well , the example which pops into my mind would be diagnosing heart attacks ; i ca n't imagine it 's a huge issue in practice , but the symptoms can be quite different by sex , and it 's important that it 's diagnosed pretty swiftly . 
   because it was on the news , in the lunchroom ... so i thought having conversation about grammar schools should be expected . 
  compared to any and each trump tweet or whatever , which caused a bigger reaction . 
  what 's there to react to ? 
  `` tories implement largely meaningless policy to reenact schools which in several parts of the country never disappeared to begin with , which is also politically divisive at work '' ? 
  does n't sound like a riot , does it ? 
  contrast that to talking about trump , a figure who almost everyone can agree to hate , and it should be fairly obvious why one is mentioned and the other is n't . 
   exactly my point , you consider trump as really dramatic , but it wo n't be , your lives will be impacted much more by your domestic issues like good education and health services . 
  again , is that what you 'd expect to talk about at lunch in romania ? 
  people tend not to talk about it because a ) you do n't talk politics at work and b ) it 's pretty dull conversation . 
   to imply differently is disingenuous good thing i did n't say there were massive protests about it then , is n't it ? 
  i get that you 've got an axe to grind here , but i 'm really not the right person to be responding to about it . 
  i did n't say a majority of the electorate , i said there was a large uproar . 
  if you browse almost any online uk forum , you 'll see the majority against the charter - in my opinion , that is a large uproar . 
   there were protests against trump i think almost every week in london in late jan and feb , before there were any for nhs . 
  the junior doctors had a strike , that helped with the protests . 
  are you actually kidding me right now ? 
  the junior doctors protests and strikes began over a year ago , as opposed to months ago for the trump protests . 
   i am not trying to offend anyone , it 's just an observation i made while living in london for almost 2 years . 
  during lunchtime colleagues would rather get involved and critique trump or the eu rather than domestic subjects such as hinkley point c , nhs , grammar schools , electoral system , nigel etc. 
  you 're basing your assumptions on what people care about in elections off lunchtime talk ? 
  is it common in romania to go `` oh , well this geopolitical event is really dramatic , but let 's talk about the minutia of the education system instead '' ? 
  this has to be a joke that i 'm missing , right ? 
   you voted for nigel farage 's lifetime idea and you pity the americans ? 
  if you were in london , or mostly talking to under 50 's , then chances are that those people , in fact , did not vote to leave the eu . 
  for people under 25 , it was 71-29 for remain . 
   anyway , this was my experience , your mileage may vary . 
  let 's be honest , if the uk had negotiated a ( perhaps europe wide even ) break on fom past a certain level of immigration , even if it was never used , it almost certainly would have swung it for remain , probably fairly decisively even as it 'd show the eu had listened . 
  almost every working class voter i talked to raised it at the doorstop because they 're concerned over jobs . 
  it 's a huge issue , and it 's going to keep being a huge issue when we leave . 
  there were massive protests everywhere about junior doctors , and there 's still a large uproar about the snooper 's charter . 
  what are you on about ? 
  what juncker says and does , as with what trump says and does , directly impacts britain ; should we sit here in silence or something ?
