  [ heaven can wait ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhdseia1ims ), 
  well i think advocating for genocide is quite scummy, 
  [ william beveridge ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eril3l9.png ) who 's report on poverty helped create the british welfare state . 
  here 's bismarck writing about polish people : : `` hammer the poles until they despair of living [ ... ] i have all the sympathy in the world for their situation , but if we want to exist we have no choice but to wipe them out : wolves are only what god made them , but we shoot them all the same when we can get at them . '', 
  he basically built the german state upon a series of divisions , discriminating against jews , socialists , catholics and poles in order to maintain power . 
  sorry losers and haters , but my i.q. 
  is one of the highest - and you all know it !, 
  please do n't feel so stupid or insecure , it 's not your fault - honorius i, 
  we do n't know , this is the anecdote  at that time they say that the emperor honorius in ravenna received the message from one of the eunuchs , evidently a keeper of the poultry , that rome had perished . 
  and he cried out and said , ` and yet it has just eaten from my hands ! ', 
  for he had a very large cock , rome by name ; and the eunuch comprehending his words said that it was the city of rome which had perished at the hands of alaric , and the emperor with a sigh of relief answered quickly : ` but i thought that my fowl rome had perished . ', 
  so great , they say , was the folly with which this emperor was possessed, 
  emperor tried to bang his sister who fled to the eastern roman empire, 
  i mean germans consider bismarck their greatest leader but he was a massive scumbag , as was napoleon or just about any of the roman emperors for you italians . 
  no `` greatest figure '' is perfect . 
  [ the roman emperor honorius ] ( https://images.fineartamerica.com/images-medium-large/the-favourites-of-emperor-honorius-john-william-waterhouse.jpg ) who when told rome had been sacked was worried his chicken called rome was dead , and when told it was only the city was relieved . 
  mate i 've seen a post heavily upvoted about how brits still live in fear of the channel tunnel . 
  it 's not always obvious maybe to others but the hate smacks you in the face constantly as a brit, 
  yeah they do in case of rebellions , and committees are bi-partisan, 
  dude there are multiple accounts of ravenna being surrounded by swamps . 
  and it might be the `` middle of nowhere '' to you but there are multiple accounts that reference northumbria as the centre of western christendom . 
  keep in mind how destructive the fall of rome was to west europe , add to that the fact that britain was never fully developed and roman civilization was destroyed by the angles , jutes and saxons far more than what was experienced in other former provinces . 
  and you 're comparing buildings built 100 years earlier ( or 300 years earlier in the case of the hagios ) by the roman empire to the linked sculpture . 
  while it looks inferior to what the byzantine emperors managed to build in 5 years that cross is a big deal to a civilization which has basically just suffered the apocalypse in their eyes . 
  if you study roman history you 'll know how difficult history is to gather from the late western empire . 
  we know almost nothing about tons of battles . 
  think of the lack of evidence we have for the whole period of the dark ages . 
  a monk being able to sit down in the largest library in west europe , in the `` middle of nowhere '' and write a full history of the anglo-saxons is a massive scholarly achievement . 
  while i do think i 'd change my post now to the centre of christendom in western europe rather than all europe you 're being massively ignorant of not just british history but the history of the early middle ages as well, 
  because jarrow was a monastery , ravenna was a small , largely unimportant city made the capital of western rome because it was in the middle of a swamp and so highly defensible, 
  oh okay i did n't know that, 
  well look at jarrow , it had the first stain glass windows , [ numerous great sculptures and works of art ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ruthwell_cross#/media/file:ruthwell_cross_-_south_face.jpg ) , the largest library north of the alps , described as the centre for learning in west christendom , housed bede who determined the date of easter among other chronological feats such as splitting history into ad/bc and compiled one of the most important history books on britain ever . 
  nah mate this swamp in italy with 50,000 people that barbarians did n't think worth sacking made it look like zimbabwe, 
  i mean half of the city is in asia so it is literally in asia, 
  that 's a good point . 
  i 'd say the capitals should determine what continent an empire is based in and since constantinople is literally in asia i do n't think you can just call the byzantine empire european . 
  the great german from mayfair, 
  [ also i would n't count this as a european country tbh ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-qgm4djumq-q/vbwmlpm5woi/aaaaaaaacak/qlfzcqlqs7o/s1600/captura%2bde%2bpantalla%2b2014-09-17%2ba%2blas%2b20.28.02.png ), 
  the french actually managed to cross the channel but big william marshall ( called the greatest knight ever ) at the age of 70 smacked them around and they retreated back to france, 
  [ a yale professor talks about it here and says that the british monk bede was probably the smartest man in europe but that it 's a bad sign that you can call anyone the smartest man in europe with that much certainty ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roe_aueg31k ), 
  i mean england was literally the cultural centre of christian europe in the 600s and then even while being run by french-norsemen we still managed to slap you guys around for a hundred years until god had to intervene to even the odds . 
  literally celebrating being conquered lmao, 
  really ? 
  i know the scottish course is different but i 've never heard of anyone in england doing india in history . 
  i 'm sure the majapahit is significant to 250 million indonesians too, 
  why would we ? 
  it 's not very significant towards britain today and it 's not a subject you could base a course around . 
  well the empire is long and takes different forms throughout history and there 's not many `` big wars '' that sum up the empire , it was gradually built up and centered around trade and commerce i do n't think the opium wars or the indian revolt are very good subjects for kids , and the empire was literally built around `` glorious isolation '' . 
  it 's just not a good subject for a history class . 
  corbyn called hamas his `` dear friends '' , that 's what they 're referencing . 
  the conservative manifesto also promises further legislation against tax avoidance . 
  huh apparently my last name means old forest battle, 
  i dunno , its kind of strange when they also listed the ageing population as one of the major problems facing the uk, 
  that 's what they 're planning . 
  from the manifesto : we will spend more on research and development , to turn brilliant discoveries into practical products and transform the world 's industries -- such as the batteries that will power a new generation of clean , efficient , electric vehicles . 
  we will establish funding streams to ensure investment for the long term , and make a modern technical education available to everyone , throughout their lives , to provide the skills they need . 
  we will remove the barriers that hold back small firms with big potential -- and let them compete when government itself is the buyer . 
  we will build on the success of world-beating sectors such as car and aero manufacturing , financial services , life sciences , digital technology and our creative industries , and help other sectors develop the conditions which they need to thrive . 
  we will ensure industry and businesses have access to reliable , cheap and clean power . 
  we will deliver the infrastructure -- the road , rail , airports and broadband -- that businesses need  increasing innovation our long-term prosperity depends upon science , technology and innovation . 
  the uk has an outstanding science base and many world-leading tech companies . 
  we now need to go further . 
  our ambition is that the uk should be the most innovative country in the world . 
  at the last autumn statement , we announced a significant increase in government investment in research and development . 
  we will deliver this and ensure further growth so that overall , as a nation , we meet the current oecd average for investment in r&d -- that is , 2.4 per cent of gdp -- within ten years , with a longer-term goal of three percent . 
  we will increase the number of scientists working in the uk and enable leading scientists from around the world to work here . 
  we will work hard to ensure we have a regulatory environment that encourages innovation . 
   university investment funds our world-beating universities will lead the expansion of our r&d capacity . 
  we must help them make a success of their discoveries -- while they have a number of growing investment funds specialising in spin-outs , we have more to do to replicate the success of similar university funds in the united states . 
  to fix that , we will work to build up the investment funds of our universities across the uk . 
  we want larger , aggregated funds to increase significantly the amounts invested in and by universities . 
  we want universities to enjoy the commercial fruits of their research , through funds that are large enough to list , thereby giving british investors a chance to share in their success . 
   national productivity investment fund if our modern industrial strategy is to succeed , it must address the uk 's slow productivity growth and it must be funded properly from the start . 
  so we have launched a new # 23 billion national productivity investment fund . 
  the government will target this spending at areas that are critical for productivity : housing , research and development , economic infrastructure and skills . 
  this will include # 740 million of digital infrastructure investment , the largest investment in railways since victorian times , # 1.1 billion to improve local transport and # 250 million in skills by the end of 2020 . 
  the national productivity investment fund will take total spending on housing , economic infrastructure and r&d to # 170 billion during the next parliament . 
  summary from / r/ukpolitics  economy by 2020 increase personal rate to 12500 and higher to 50k continue to increase minimum wage to 60 % of median earnings by 2020 and then by rate of median earnings executive pay packages now governed by annual votes by shareholders will have to publish ratio of executive pay to annual avg uk pay increase investment in r&d to 2.4 percent of gdp within 10 years 33 % of purchasing from govt will go to small businesses  environment new shale environmental regulator which combines functions of health + safety , environment agency + dept for business , energy , invest 600m in zero-emissions tech by 2020  other free vote on a government bill for the hunting act move some government offices to other cities to encourage development outside of london  foreign policy no indyref for scotland until after brexit hard brexit but remain in echr enact a great repeal bill - convert eu laws that are picked into uk law before withdrawal from eu  military 178bn in new military equipment 4 more dreadnoughts and complete astute class 8 type 26 anti-sub frigates lightning ii strike fighter for raf veterans get one year holiday on employer national insurance contributions for firms hiring vets after vets leave armed forces  you 've misread the military section : 4 more dreadnoughts and complete astute class the dreadnought will be the trident replacement and we have ordered 4 of them - the tories are merely stating that fact , not saying we 'd build another 4 . 
  the same goes for the astute , they 're simply stating they 're going to construct the 4 already under construction . 
  8 type 26 anti-sub frigates we 're already building 8 , so no change there they do say they will build a lighter general purpose frigate ( the type 31 ) , but that frigate is itself a compromise because we did n't want to spend the money on more than 8 type 26s and regardless is n't a new decision . 
  tl ; dr the tory manifesto promises nothing that is n't already planned or under construction - all of the equipment the tories cite for the armed forces as part of the spending were already ordered in the last parliament . 
  thanks / u/kyotowolf  democracy continue with boundary review reduce number of mps in total to 600 1bn to modernize prisons  education no new places in schools that have been rated either ` inadequate ' or ` requires improvement ' require new faith schools to prove that parents of all faiths and none can join lift the ban on grammar schools continue to provide bursaries to graduates overall schools budget increased by 4bn scrap free school lunches in favour of free school breakfasts ( low-income families continue to receive free school lunches ) introduce digital equivalent to literacy and numeracy testing unemployed for over a year get one year holiday on employer national insurance contributions for firms hiring  immigration toughen visa requirements for students no concrete policy ` establish an immigration policy that allows us to reduce and control the number of people who come to uk from eu while still allowing us to attract skilled workers our economy needs '  ` great meritocracy ' require companies w / more than 250 employees to publish data on gender pay gap national campaign to increase bame organ donors also require large employers to publish data on bame pay gap further investment of 1bn by 2020/21 introduce new mental health bill 1m more people with disabilities into employment bring forward domestic abuse and violence bill + aggravated if directed at child eliminate rough sleeping by 2027  living costs strengthen regulators make it clearer when free trials come to an end reform house-buying process smart meters for every household by 2020 someone in a problem debt may apply for legal protection from further interest charges + enforcement for up to 6 weeks  ` contract between generations ' maintain triple lock til 2020 introduce double lock in 2020 ( earnings/inflation ) 2bn into social care system future basis for means testing now aligned w / value of home  nhs spending up by min of 8bn invest more in students increase immigration health surcharge to 600/450 for migrant workers/intl students up to 10k more mental health professionals  housing 1m by 2020 500k more homes by 2022 build 160k homes on govt land 2.5 bn to flood defence for 300k more homes by 2021  childcare 30 hours of free childcare for 3/4 year olds  security get social media sites to take down extremist/pornographic material ( oh dear ) continue 1.9 bn investment in cyber security repeal section 40 ( finally something i agree with )  headliners childcare remaining in the echr 1m homes by 2020 triple lock til 2020, 
  here 's the actual line from the manifesto  however , skilled immigration should not be a way for government or business to avoid their obligations to improve the skills of the british workforce . 
  so we will double the immigration skills charge levied on companies employing migrant workers , to # 2,000 a year by the end of the parliament , using the revenue generated to invest in higher level skills training for workers in the uk . 
  b e e f b o i s e e f b o i s, 
  r i g g e d i g g e d, 
  cromwell will rise again, 
  at least spain still has 0, 
  portugal not you lot, 
  portugal, 
   giving germany points what the fuck, 
   oldest ally did n't give the uk a single point, 
  [ 0 ( zero ) points ] ( http://i.4cdn.org/bant/1494713083358.png ), 
  continental `` humour '', 
  who invited notch ? 
  why is spain celebrating lava ? 
  they 're throwing away points from italy . 
  hard when there 's a giant picture of his face behind him, 
  what 's up with his eyebrows lmao, 
  let it go let it go,
