yugoslavia got you beat by a mile . 
  between october 1 , 1993 and january 24 , 1995 prices increased by 5 quadrillion percent . 
  this number is a 5 with 15 zeroes after it . 
  the average daily rate of inflation was nearly 100 percent . 
  i do hope he 's confused but i tried explaining the same as you did to him last night , that democracy does n't mean anarchy , first in a really polite way and then in a slightly snarkish way . 
  he 's proving to be immune to reason though . 
  he did have the sense to delete the more obvious stupid responses , so i guess there is some hope left . 
  kind regards . 
  do n't forget we 're pretty good at winter sports too , and we 're willing to share our wines , beers and spirits ... all in all i feel we 'd be a good fit , put in a good word for us . 
  oh , do n't misunderstand me , i do agree with you , i just felt that us small countries ( estonia and slovenia ) as you said are being a bit misrepresented as having no choice but to learn english . 
  it 's extremely useful , and my personal favourite language . 
  i ca n't imagine waiting for books to be translated into slovene language . 
  it 's definitely a huge part of any and all success we had , just felt obliged to point out we `` could '' make do with other options ( a person with knowledge of slovene , italian and german language will never want for work ) . 
  thank you for the nice words about our country ( which is often confused with yours ) and kind regards from a fellow slav . 
  i 've got loads of family from croatia and speak the language fluently myself so i never had to use english there , is it really so wide spread , or is it mostly just within the younger population ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  join us at the top of the chart and let 's squeeze norway and finland down to no. 5 and 6 . 
  i 'll agree with most you said except the last part about slovenia . 
  we had , and still have a choice of which language ( s ) to learn apart from english . 
  we 're extremely proficient in german language , though that is understandable by our history and proximity to austria . 
  we also teach our kids hungarian and italian language as an option near the respective borders . 
  also , almost every slovenian above age 30 will speak or at least understand very good serbian/croatian language . 
  logically we do not have a `` need '' for english language ( we could do just fine with german instead ) , even though it is extremely useful , that said most of us are trilingual or better to a varying degree . 
  i was about to bitch a bit about my country being overlooked , but there we are , just below finland at no. 6 . 
  come on fellow slovenians , let 's teach that lazy neighbour we all have some better english and break into the nordic countries . 
  growing up in slovenia my interactions with albanians were mostly with those selling sweets , for a time they had almost a monopoly on selling fruits/vegetables and when i was older drugs ( weed for me , harder stuff for others ) . 
  now i dig some of their music , everyone should check out blla blla blla and cute babulja . 
  and i 'd love if someone can recommend some other . 
  i heard only good things about the actual country if you visit it . 
  my father went there with a bycicle about 10 years ago he could n't overstate the welcome he received . 
  i 'd love to see it myself one day too . 
  this . 
  i work in sweden every spring and summer , my first walk through their forests was a huge letdown , in lots of places there is almost no undergrowth , and the huge swaths of monoculture are a breeding ground for parasites that live on that particular tree . 
  one of my friends ( a true tree hugger ) goes around destroying spruce trees and replanting birches whenever he can . 
  we spend a lot of time in forests picking mushrooms and berries , i 'll probably always return to scandinavia just for hjortron , damn that stuff is addictive . 
  damn , i 'd love to raise the stakes in mountain climbing , unfortunately my region has no mountains ( all hills though ) . 
  but we do have the tallest chimney in europe 360 meters/1181feet , and here is a video of the climb . 
  it 's really popular place to visit by slovaks and czechs funnily enough . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfotxlvoofq https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6r9vljolm5q, 
  hmm , i guess i 'll still disagree with you on that one . 
  by all accounts the yugoslav resistance was one of , if not the most military succesful resistance in ww2 , the amount of axis troops they kept tied down and the amount of losses inflicted on the enemy is incredible compared with the size of the forces involved . 
  churchill himself ( who was no lover of communism ) expressed as much in many of his writings and that was his reasoning for directing the flow of supplies from chetniks to partisans . 
  at worst i 'd say that was a side activity and definitly not the main activity of partisans . 
  but i realise the younger generations view these events through a heavily distorted prism these days . 
  i 'll leave you with churchill 's own words here : `` it was a lamentable fact that virtually no supplies had been conveyed by sea to the 222,000 followers of tito . 
  these stalwarts were holding as many germans in yugoslavia as the combined anglo-american forces were holding in italy south of rome . 
  the germans had been thrown into some confusion after the collapse of italy and the patriots had gained control of large stretches of the coast . 
  we had not , however , seized the opportunity . 
  the germans had recovered and were driving the partisans out bit by bit . 
  the main reason for this was the artificial line of responsibility which ran through the balkans . 
  ( ... ) considering that the partisans had given us such a generous measure of assistance at almost no cost to ourselves , it was of high importance to ensure that their resistance was maintained and not allowed to flag . '', 
  i 'm sorry , could you clarify that a bit ? 
  it 's a bit hard to grasp what your answer is about . 
  but i disagree with the term terrorism as you use it . 
  it seems that you mistake guerilla warfare with terrorism . 
  as far as `` proper '' warfare goes , that only applies to somewhat equal sized armies , as soon as you have a large imbalance guerrila tactics are all that 's left . 
  also arguably the first instance of guerrila tactics was described by sun tzu in the art of war in 6th century bc . 
  i guess i mostly disagree with labeling what the partisans did as terrorism . 
  the germans used retaliatons against the civilian populace , partisans fought military targets ( if you mentioned the slaughter at the end of the war of i 'd tend to agree ) . 
  i 'd argue that 's more of a staple of guerrila warfare everywhere . 
  i 'm pretty sure serbs also used tsar ( car ) as i myself am named after car du\u0161an silni . 
  apart from hunting rifles , i saw 1 illegally owned gun in my 36 years of living in slovenia ( i travel in weird circles ) and 2 handguns owned legally by people who use them at shooting ranges , i know noone who 'd consider carrying a gun around `` normal '' . 
  that said , even hunters are a bit rare these days compared to 20 years ago . 
  i 'd solve it a bit differently , men are n't sexualized , they do the sexualizing so i 'd make it mandatory for them to wear very dark opaque glasses , so they ca n't see the women ( or anything else ) and be aroused out of control . 
  that is unfortunately true sometimes , but i ca n't say it 's a popular sentiment anywhere i 've visited yet , most places you 'd get beaten up saying stuff like that . 
  you 'll find some idiots disrespecting soldiers as a group without any cause , same as you 'll find blind `` patriots '' whose sole patriotic duty is empty words and flag waving . 
  for the most part i see much more of the second group than the first . 
  np , i dabble as a translator and often find myself annoying people by correcting their spelling and/or grammar . 
  have a nice day . 
  are you sure you mean marginally and not substantially ? 
  marginally , means slightly , a little change . 
  so you 're basically saying if they gave you a nice hat or lollipop you 'd be ok with being kidnapped . 
  have you never played risk ? 
  you guys are pretty much invulnerable this late in the game . 
  why did n't you use a bus ? 
  there 's buses and stations all over the place in ljubljana , just grab a urbana card and you 're good to go . 
  the price was around 1.30 $ last time i used it , most buses run well over midnight and very frequently . 
  i actually prefer using bikes in ljubljana , it 's much more relaxed and flexible , and you can use the urbana card to rent city bikes in many locations in ljubljana . 
  all in all i do n't think we need trams . 
  hello , i 'll share my favourite slovenian dish with you . 
  it 's a dish traditionally eaten by the poorest segments of society , in my region it was the miners . 
  the dish is called grenadir mar\u0161 . 
  i 'll not put any weights into the recipe just approximate ratios as a lot of people like to make personal twists to the recipe . 
  peel & cook a couple of potatoes , make sure they are still very firm when done ( better slightly undercooked than over ) and then slice them into somewhat fat chips shape , quarter inch thick does quite nice for me . 
  cook some thick shaped pasta ( not spaghetti ) , and drain it and set it aside . 
  use approximately the same amount of pasta as you do potatoes . 
  thinly slice and dice an onion or two and fry it in butter , then add potatoes and fry a bit more and at the end add pasta mix all together well and salt and serve . 
  in my region people added some lard or bacon ( if they were posh and or rich ) , i add some grated cheese and herbs i like . 
  it sounds weird , but it 's a good , honest dish for workers . 
  i could n't find a video with english commentary ( not surprised ) but you can see how it looks in this [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqui6ljiyae ) . 
  sorry to be late to the q&a , but could you expand a bit about why railguns ( or this particular railgun ) is n't suited for ship to ship fighting ? 
  do n't worry , we have corrupt politicians and business managers to raise the average . 
  your mom ( and mine ) might be poor , but the average looks kinda good . 
  and with us in the mix we had the winter olympics covered too . 
  about your username , and the letter a. 
  so , i was visiting springmeet in 2015 ( also 2016 ) in ostersund , and spotted a nice looking car with the words svarte \u00e4nka on it , my swedish is pretty bad but i did work on a duck farm and picked up some duck related words . 
  i walk up to the owner and ask him why he named his car ; the black duck , the guy takes a long look at me and starts laughing his ass off , calling his friends over and sharing the story . 
  that was the day i learned the difference between duck ( anka ) and widow ( \u00e4nka ) . 
  we had some beers and a nice talk later , when the laughter died down a bit . 
  my position on it is pretty simplistic .
