  you do have to admit there is n't a lot of developed countries to compare to , it 's a very limited pool to draw from . 
  yes , provinces . 
  but canada as a whole has around 1.4 murder rate per 100k compared to the us 3.9 murder rate , the question was regarding europe as a whole and i had to make some generalizations in my answer . 
  yes i do agree with all you wrote , i just did n't want to go straight for the most talked about point right at the start . 
  i 'm largely for gun control and our country has quite strict laws about them . 
  you can own guns and rifles assuming you pass a physical and psych exams , weapon handling exam and are not a felon . 
  you also have to be a member of either a sports club gun range or a hunting `` family '' . 
  carrying in public is forbidden , unless you can prove that you are somehow at risk . 
  i think those are quite sensible . 
  in a society with a strong safety net guns are much less a danger than otherwise , but i still would n't want a lot of my drunk neighbours to have easy access to them , really easy to make a fatal mistake or act in the heat of the moment . 
  happy holidays, 
  a huge combination of factors i think . 
  considering canada and switzerland are both well armed and have a low homicide rate i 'd say it 's the social policies that make the difference . 
  the us has a `` predatory '' society where it 's really easy to find yourself in a horrible position . 
  medical bills can bakrupt you , a conviction can turn you into a felon and hence unemployable ... a lot of traps to fall into . 
  combine that with easy access to guns ( legal and other ) and you have a lot of desperate people looking for shortcuts . 
  that is of course my view of it and i wo n't be offended if i 'm corrected . 
  the full quote is a bit longer . 
  `` guns do n't kill people . '', 
  `` people that say : `` guns do n't kill people '' , kill people , with guns . '', 
  why ? 
  all the asphalt covered spaces are basically useless ( except for driving ) at the moment . 
  if it becomes economically feasible , why not get any extra energy out if it you can ? 
  and for it to become feasible it must be built and improved . 
  i think we should n't be talking about human lives in terms of economic viability . 
  as far as europe goes , we have a generous surplus of food , we are one of the largest exporters , it really should n't come down to a profit motive . 
  the real issue for me is population increase in the future not the feeding of current one . 
  i do n't think it represents the `` people '' in any way , it just shows that unmoderated ( uncensored if you will ) forums are where fascists eventually emigrate . 
  it 's quite popular , lots of youngsters eat there , though other , smaller places are popular too . 
  i was surprised how popular it was in sweden though , have n't seen as many burger kings and mcdonalds anywhere else in europe . 
  slovenia # 1 natural enviroment , a rare moment of national pride is swelling in me , i must not watch any news tonight to make it last as long as possible . 
  if we squeeze montenegrin in there we can make it 6 . 
  well , i 'll say at least for slovenia it feels right , basically everyone speaks slovenian/english and then either/or serbo-croatian , german , italian or hungarian in descending order . 
  haha , i feel the same , then feel kinda shitty , because after all this will remove the risk from pilots . 
  then shake my head and remember what they are used for and then just appreciate them for the marvels of engineering and elegance they were during a less civilized period of our history . 
  hehe , your reading choice is aptly fitting here , i loved the book and you 've prompted me to re-read it again . 
  in the [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sukhoi_su-47 ) page for it there are more technological details , but it was supposed to be supremely agile fighter , even at low speeds and at extreme angles of attack . 
  of course the whole dogfighting thing is pretty much useless now . 
  i feel like the pinnacle of `` beauty '' in fighters was achieved pre-stealth . 
  now design choices are more limited . 
  of course taste is subjective , but my favourites are all older gen planes sukhoi 27 , most saabs , f-14 and this [ sukhoi-47 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b4/sukhoi_su-47_berkut_%28s-37%29_in_2001.jpg ) design . 
  til , thank you . 
  `` our '' collaborators wore white shirts . 
  [ anti communist volunteer militia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-communist_volunteer_militia ) . 
  are you sure it was a mod that deleted it and not the user itself ? 
  if it was a mod it was definitely overkill but i do n't know how you can see that from your picture . 
  of the countries i 've visited it would probably be bosnia and herzegovina . 
  i must say though that i 've met wonderful people throughout europe , i guess i could just be lucky because it definitely is n't my charming personality . 
  we 're very sporty overall and i 'd say jogging is quite popular and still on the rise . 
  i 've been running for decades and i see a lot more people around now . 
  oh , it might be out of use now . 
  it 's fantasy role playing , i guess they 're called rpg 's now . 
  i 've been gaming since around 1986 , dune 2 and civilization introduced me to strategy games . 
  my favourites were master of magic ( civ clone ) , fantasy general and c&c generals with contra and shockwave mods ( played it in lan with 3 other friends ) . 
  these days i really like total war series , my favourite is still total war : rome . 
  i also really like frp , played the classics . 
  my favourite classics are ultima underworld , eye of the beholder , ssi series of d&d games especially dark queen of krynn , baldur 's gate and my favourite planescape : torment . 
  of the newer ones i enjoyed elder scrolls series and neverwinter nights , and these days i play shadowrun a bit . 
  i was a member of a youth air rifle club as a kid . 
  during yugoslav times we also had an opportunity to shoot domestic sks version rifles in school as part of training . 
  i 've shot with a few friends in sweden , purely target practice , no hunting . 
  i 've tried my hand at slingshots and bows too . 
  these days we throw axes for fun . 
  i 'm proud of our military ... but for totally un-military things . 
  during the worst floods we ever had in 1994 they helped us out . 
  and even as recently as last year there was a bad landslide in our region , they came and gave us manpower and loaned some heavy machinery , also a heavy duty helicopter . 
  it 's a job , they signed up for it , no need to glorify them , but damn do they sometime do good stuff in hard conditions . 
  funny , my experience is quite different . 
  i have family myself in usa and canada , and quite a few people around here have family there too . 
  my family has roots from all corners of ex yu , and there was lots of migration back then . 
  also during the breakup and war ( s ) . 
  so a lot of people have family in the us from that . 
  that is from the old school emigration , people who went during the yugoslav times or the breakup . 
  then i have a couple of friends that met and married canadian people and moved there and lots of my schoolfriends also went hunting for larger salaries ... so it seems experience can vary . 
  edit : also a lot of people emigrated to the usa from slovenia after both world wars , not sure how many families keep contact but there is a huge slovenian diaspora in the usa . 
  my cat '' [ divja ] ( http://dux667.imgur.com/all/ ) '' ( it means , wild ) . 
  found her while jogging through our town , same as all my other animals that i had . 
  she 's around 10 and if i travel somewhere for more than a week [ she 's coming with me ] ( http://imgur.com/tfvhhfg ) . 
  we 've been to austria , italy , norway , sweden and denmark together . 
  in 2013 i hitchhiked with her from gothenburg to jarpen . 
  she 's a standard mackerel tabbie striped local mongrel . 
  nope , i do n't think we have them here . 
  dr. martens and gettagrip steel toed shoes used to be part of the metal and punk scene respectively . 
  even older generation of rockers and heavy metal fans used to wear white puma sneakers . 
  skaters wore vans shoes . 
  those are just some memories from nostalgia lane . 
  converse sneakers and teva sandals would be my type of casual footwear in nice weather . 
  in bad i usually just wear work-style boots or military boots . 
  our brand alpina used to be really good and quite popular , but the last pair i bought from them was made in vietnam and fell apart in 5 months of average wear . 
  spain , italy , croatia holiday trips and/or end of school trips , mostly spent drinking on beaches and other summer stuff usually lasted for 3-7 days . 
  we had a yearly exchange of students with a german school that was available to us at age 15 , i think it was 3 months but i might be wrong . 
  we visited some museums and art galleries in neighbouring countries too but unfortunately i was n't in the right frame of mind at the time to pay too much attention , those were mostly day-long trips . 
  latvia and usa debate competitions , 3,4 days each . 
  considering my region is very poor even within my country i 'd say we had excellent opportunities to travel . 
  thank you for the detailed response fellow zappa fan , i found it informative and fascinating . 
  i have to share my two favourite mistakes i made in sweden . 
  i worked at a friends farm 4-6 months a year for the last 5 years , he lives near jarpen . 
  first year i bought a really cheap airplane ticket ( 15 $ ) from belgrade to gothenburg and figured i 'll couchsurf and hitchhike the rest of the way north ( i travelled with a backpack and a cat carrier + cat , so not the easiest of trips ) . 
  someplace around mora i got stuck in a small village and figured i 'll walk to the next place with a bus/train station and move a bit further until i hit better traffic . 
  i ask some local kids how far it is to the next station .
