  they say 5 miles ( i guess you see where this is going ) and i think to myself around 8 km , does n't seem too bad ... 
  i tell them what i plan to do and they burst out laughing with incredulity and i start walking thinking how spoiled swedish kids are for thinking a 5 mile ( 8km ) walk is long . 
  after around 20km of walking and cursing the kids all the way i come to a house and ask for some water and the owners laughingly explained to me the concept of `` swedish mile '' , or 10km . 
  the second was at springmeet in ostersund , where i complimented a guy with an awesome car but asked him why he named it black duck . 
  it turns out duck and widow in swedish seems very similar when written down . 
  again laughter all around . 
  hey , i 've spent a fair amount of time in sweden and i found my friends there had the most trouble saying the word `` hro\u0161\u010d '' . 
  what was your experience with it ? 
  also , how long did it take you to learn our language and where did you do it ? 
  sorry for the barrage of questions but you 're a rare bird in my experience , a lot of people feel comfortable enough just using english here . 
  edit : btw is your name a zappa reference ? 
  not superheroes , but in my more cynical moments i want to say butalci by fran mil\u010dinski . 
  for non slovene speakers it could be translated as `` the stupids '' . 
  edit : i would say [ superhik ] ( http://fsb.zedge.net/scale.php?img=ni8xlzkvmy8xlti5mju2nzmtnje5mzczns5qcgc&amp;ctype=1&amp;v=4&amp;q=81&amp;xs=620&amp;ys=0&amp;sig=e189f1abeba834fc9a574744dd8f43aa3cd33809 ) , but he 's italian . 
  yes . 
  bosnia , croatia , serbia , austria , switzerland , germany , sweden and france . 
  i have family all over ex yugoslavia and the war in the 90 's made a lot of people emigrate and even before that we were pretty spread out . 
  in the country where i live and was born i only have 2 close family members and a few more distant ones . 
  i 'd say it varies by region/city a lot here in slovenia . 
  i live in a commie block , among other commie blocks and we got parking to spare . 
  of course we got low population and low employment and no students ... 
  for slovenia i 'm striking out as far as main actors go , so i 'll say the movies where a slovene born actor was playing a supporting role . 
  donnie brasco , has \u017deljko ivanek in it , the guy is also in almost every single tv series made in the usa . 
  the wolf of wall street , has katarina \u010cas in it . 
  largest immigrant communities in slovenia are from ex yugoslavia by far . 
  as a child of immigrants and growing up in a very mixed region and trilingual i found it totally normal . 
  there was a brief nationalistic outburst during the war of independence ( 10 days in ' 91 ) and after where i actually saw and lived through some discrimination . 
  these days it 's mostly scary muslims used to scare the same segment of population , so most other groups ( apart from gypsies ) are off the hook . 
  i ca n't speak for other places but our albanians make top notch ice cream . 
  if you 're ever in trbovlje ( like that will randomly happen ) check out the local ice cream shop ( s ) , two locations , one is just across from the hospital if you have health concerns and want to play it safe . 
  they also make a mean burek . 
  no need to worry . 
  there are still lots of hardcore fans here . 
  one of my best friends is the sweetest girl you can meet but she always screams her vocal chords off during a match and sounds like cookie monster next day . 
  considering i do n't follow the sport at all and i know his name , i 'd say yes but you 'll need a real fan to quantify that . 
  haha , damn , never heard of them before . 
  with a name like that ... 
  i guess they were n't shooting for international mainstream . 
  hip-hop is not my scene but i might give them a listen just the same . 
  thanks for that , made me laugh . 
  i 'll add a couple ww2 themed . 
  [ \u0160ivala je deklica zvezdo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wb3ontu4hvm ) [ janez , kranjski janez ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbsfz4mbd88&amp;list=plcfvzeegzai1-7h32goynvdqvhzcuqkhm&amp;index=38 ) [ vstajenje primorske ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlo6fany9lc ), 
  i do n't think it 's common at all . 
  i do n't personally know anyone who is lactose intolerant , it 's also possible noone mentioned it . 
  we 're very much into our milk and milk products here . 
  very popular . 
  i think it might be no. 3 or 4 if i ranked them . 
  i think football and basketball are more popular , not sure about handball . 
  might vary by region a bit . 
  hehe , never heard someone use `` montenegroid '' before , if you care for those things the proper term in english is `` montenegrin '' language . 
  i can , but i do have family all over ex-yu . 
  and i 'd mostly use accents or dialects to try and pinpoint where someone is from . 
  that only works with spoken word though , if someone wrote me a letter in latin script ( as opposed to cyrillic ) i could only guess if they were croatian and only if they used some of those `` funny '' ( sorry guys , i do find them funny ) new words they come up with now . 
  quite mixed . 
  both of my parents immigrated into the country i was born in from different countries . 
  i 'm a `` standard '' balkan mutt , born of croatian/serbian parents in slovenia . 
  grandparents included bosniaks and possibly french people ( vagaries of ww2 ... ) in the old days i would be one of those people who would write `` yugoslav '' under nationality in the census . 
  where i live noone cares , but as a kid i did face a bit of discrimination because of it , and due to political scene at the time . 
  the one i remember was stored in a smallish a4 size olive green canvas bag with one strap ( courier style ) . 
  they were stored in `` civilna zascita '' centers . 
  im pretty sure i still have one of them around , if i find it i 'll post a pic . 
  me , again . 
  in the `` old '' days we also had a few demonstrations how to protect ourselves against radiological , chemical and biological attacks . 
  there was a lot of chemical industry around our town so i would n't be surprised if it was specific to our town . 
  i and most of my friends also owned a personal protection kit , with a gas mask and extra filters , heavy plastic sheet and some other bits and bobs . 
  the `` country '' is too abstract a concept for me to say i 'd die for it , but it 's also composed of people i like and some i actually love so i could see myself fighting for them . 
  straight-up dying for a country ? 
  i 'd go for the agropop version myself , they might not be as nice looking but there is something quintessentialy slovenian about them and they were very fun to see live . 
  i saw them when they opened for leningrad cowboys in kri\u017eanke in ' 97 . 
  a week with family in serbia , and 3,4 day visits to friends in france and germany the rest in local swimming pools . 
  i 'm planning to take most of august off . 
  i 'm more tisane sort of guy , and among those i go for cranberries . 
  hehe , no problem . 
  i guess i am older than average here . 
  it 's just that in my mind i 'm still a somewhat immature 18 yo . 
  you should check our history it 's quite unusual and interesting for a communist country . 
  we had some little help from the red army during ww2 but split from stalinism in 1948 , also got kicked out of league of communist nations . 
  until stalin died and khruschov came to basically apologize we did n't really have relations with ussr . 
  we were also the only communist country to have good relations with the west . 
  so the russians were never present here in my lifetime . 
  tito went his own way , instead of warsaw pact we helped create and joined the league of independent nations . 
  i 'd say among the communist countries we were the most humane . 
  my mother is serbian and she had a choice of learning either russian or french in school , she chose french and her brother chose russian . 
  in slovenia to the best of my knowledge we did n't ever get a choice to learn russian ( at least in primary schools , where we learned english basics ) . 
  according to a somewhat famous lawsuit , we do not have them . 
  this is a docx in english pertaining to the case [ strelnikoff - bitchcraft cd cover ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/a1/strelnikoff-bitchcraft.jpg ) . 
  older redditor ... triggered . 
  kidding , but it does take an almost conscious effort to remind myself i actually grew up without internet but had access to bbs , watched vcr , listened to audio tapes and owned a walkman , had no mobile phones and grew up in a communist federate state ... yep , i am an older redditor . 
  shit , i still have a working zx spectrum computer somewhere . 
  it 's hard to say yes or no if i 'm better at english now than in my native tongue . 
  my vocabulary in english easily dwarfs my vocabulary in slovene language but i feel more confident in some minor points of grammar in slovene language . 
  i also notice i find it much easier to follow tv programmes , radio shows and books in english compared to slovene language . 
  i live in slovenia at the moment ( again ) , but for the last 5 years i 've been 50 % in sweden ( spring , summer ) and 50 % in slovenia ( autumn , winter ) . 
  i do n't follow many sports so i 'll have to limit myself to martial arts . 
  as a kid i was heavily into sumo and my favorite wrestler was one of the lightest to compete at the top ranks , [ terao ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terao_tsunefumi ) . 
  and in mma i 'll go with oldie-goldie fedor emelianenko . 
  as a child it was basically a form of cultural `` osmosis '' . 
  had one of the first pc-s in my town and at that time a lot of games were text based , started listening to rock and singing lyrics along , watched a lot of english series and then later us series . 
  picked up some grammar knowledge from school in primary school and secondary school , also joined debate club . 
  after i was 14 i started reading voraciously and english books were much cheaper than translated ones .
