  after 18 i traveled almost every year abroad and filled up random holes in knowledge that way . 
  these days due to internet and media english is basically my primary language . 
  id say i picked up around 10 % of my vocabulary from school , and around 50 % of grammar there . 
  i should add i 'm 38 atm . 
  way above average for both . 
  audiobooks and music since childhood and traveling in adulthood gave me a huge leg up . 
  i also joined an english speaking debate club in highschool , we did quite well , won first place 2 years in a row ( riga and new york finals ) sometime around 1997 i think . 
  i 'm also a conscientious speller ( pedant ) . 
  i think they 're ugly , i prefer teva sandals for summer . 
  weirdly enough during communist times they were quite popular , and we had a huge selection of them available in most newspaper/tobacco shops . 
  these days the whole comic book scene is somewhat dead and you 'd have to go to a larger city or a specialized shop to buy them , or online of course . 
  democrats seem like a normal right wing party , republicans have shifted far to the right and dragged your whole politics way off center , you do n't actually have a working left option in the usa, 
  once a day usually , weekdays after work and weekends after jogging . 
  15 years ago economical differences were larger and yes we also thought it was a low fine , that is why we did n't object more . 
  i was visiting prague with a friend of mine some 15 years ago and we got stopped by the police for making an illegal turn to the right . 
  the sign that was prohibiting this for any other vehicle except a bus was totally overgrown by greenery , but they did n't care and we did n't want to press the issue . 
  they spoke barely any english so communicating was also hard . 
  anyway they explain that they 'll write us a ticket for 200 koruna i think and that the max could be 1000 . 
  we did n't have anything smaller than 500 banknote so we paid with that , cool as fuck the guy ups the ticket to 500 right in front of us and pockets the money ... we object ... they repeat that the max could be 1000 and drive off to find another mark ... 
  i 'm a pot smoker ... that said , i trust our police . 
  never had a bad encounter with them that was purely due to them , even when i got a ticket for smoking in public they were extremely correct in their approach and almost apologetic . 
  i wrote a letter to their commander praising their attitude and professionalism but criticized the wastefulness of using highly trained professionals to catch pot smokers . 
  only had better experience with swedish police . 
  i do n't think so , but ca n't find the info online . 
  i did find that holocaust denial is punishable with up to 2 years in jail and if you 're an official , then up to 5 years in jail . 
  never heard of anyone jailed for it though . 
  we ( slovenia ) have almost no effective swearwords , we have long since outsourced the production of good swearwords to our southern neighbours , they are the experts after all . 
  we got 99 % of cool swearing from serbia/croatia/bosnia , ours are too archaic , lack punching power and just sound silly today . 
  if i hit my finger with a hammer and had to swear in slovene , i 'd probably go with `` mat kurba '' ( your mother is a whore ) . 
  i couchsurfed a lot , they 're not widespread but i 'd say they 're not critically endangered too . 
  among my friends i 'd say every tenth one owns one , i do too . 
  i got 2 weak ones , but unable to put them into a proper sentence . 
  we 're a bit weak on homographs as a language i think . 
  za prst prsti . 
  ( a finger 's worth of soil ) , padel je pod pod ( he fell under the floor ) , something could also be done with klop ( means both a tick , as in the bloodsucking parasite and a bench ) . 
  i 'm guessing you 're a lot younger than me ( 37 ) . 
  in my region ( zasavje ) and my age group you 'd be hard pressed to find anyone unable to speak and i ca n't think of a single person that would n't understand it . 
  it 's strongly encouraged . 
  as a small country with around 2 million speakers we 're very incentivised to learn other languages . 
  a lot of us learn serbian/croatian outside of school , almost all of us learn english to a quite high degree . 
  and people living near the borders of our larger neighbours tend to learn those languages too ( italian , german and hungarian ) . 
  i do n't live near the border and my region is pretty poor , but i had free options to choose additional languages ( french , spanish or italian ) along with english and german that we already had in the curriculum . 
  [ starship edelweiss ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eepcjgyhe4u ) , by edelweiss is my pick , the song is i think from 1992 . 
  i 've only ever visited the one we have in our country . 
  we 're around 60 % covered in forest but [ this ] ( https://www.rtvslo.si/news-in-english/slovenia-revealed/a-vast-slovenian-forest-is-known-for-its-wildlife-and-its-history/331802 ) is the only old-growth forest i 'm aware of . 
  i tried looking it up , but i think it 's still too soon to talk details . 
  it 's a non-binding resolution and i could n't find any specific time-frame for when it 's supposed to go in effect . 
  also , chances are that you 'll be able to get one at the border with no fuss . 
  absolutely . 
  i was also surprised some other countries do n't get this `` perk '' . 
  brought a smile to my face , similar story to mine , also played monkey island . 
  also space quest , police quest , king 's quest ... 
  i even played purely text games before mouse control was a thing . 
  i also still have an old zx spectrum in working condition stashed somewhere . 
  look , a three headed monkey behind you !, 
  i think the most famous political cartoon of slovenia might be [ diareja ] ( https://www.google.si/search?q=diareja+strip&amp;safe=off&amp;client=firefox-b&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewixxnznvklsahucijokhswjatyq_auiccgb&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=628 ) , as in yes ... liquid shits . 
  that in itself is a statement about politics . 
  i 'm not aware of others of the same fame . 
  it 's been published in weekly installments as a feature of mladina newspaper since 1988 . 
  damn , it 's almost 5am here and now i 'm drooling and hungry , thanks a lot ... / s i do have also some relevant experience in this field too . 
  i spend around 3 months a year in sweden collecting berries , mushrooms , herbs and lichen . 
  some of that stuff ends up in [ faviken magasinet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/f%c3%a4viken ) . 
  i also cook birch syrup . 
  i 'm not a dedicated `` foodie '' though i enjoy learning and trying new stuff . 
  i do n't drink proper tea that much , but i 'm a fanatic for tisanes ( herbal infusions ) . 
  right now i have some excellent cranberry/mint blends , but i enjoy a lot of different ones . 
  i mostly buy them , but sometimes i 'll go and gather stuff by myself . 
  haha , well that reputation was unfortunately well deserved , but these days all of the industry is dead so the air is fit for actual humans now . 
  the situation ( apart from economy ) is getting better all the time . 
  also in that vein there 's an underground running event in my city 5.5 km underground through our abandoned coal mines . 
  [ jamatlon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aspvmi5okk ) . 
  is spa\u010dek really duck ? 
  in slovene language it 's diminutive form of `` disfigured '' , as in ugly . 
  [ spa\u010dek ] ( http://razvezanijezik.org/?page=spa%c4%8dek ) , at least that was always my understanding of it . 
  i also thought mercedes was `` me\u010dka '' , or is that in serbian ? 
  yes , we had a few days over 40 in the previous years . 
  it was what i imagine hell is . 
  i lived in an old building with a flat , black roof with no ac . 
  i abandoned my apartment temporarily and headed into forest with a book . 
  it seems we still have n't broken our all-time record though , in 1950 they measured 40.6 c in slovenia . 
  i did n't really have many bad experiences with customer service in my life at all so i have a limited pool of them to choose from and i did say it was an exception . 
  i traveled from miami to new york in 2003 and it could be i just came across the single most crabby person in miami . 
  this is of course purely subjective , but for me the best was netherlands and worst was usa , specifically miami , florida , had no problems elsewhere in the us . 
  under 35 you 'd be hard pressed to find someone that can not speak english . 
  a lot of my friends that moved to slovenia have trouble picking up language because so many people have no problem just immediately switching to english . 
  that was also a problem for me in sweden , the only person i found there that could not speak english was a croatian guy i met in gothenburg ... took us around 15 minutes to figure out we do n't need to mangle my sorry swedish and his sorry english because we can both speak croatian ... 
  i 'm a bit older than the rest of my compatriots here but i 'll start the ball rolling with [ leopold suhadol\u010dan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leopold_suhodol%c4%8dan ) and his excellent specs and goggles , master detectives book , that one sticks in my memory still , he had a ton of other juvenile fiction too . 
  it 's a long running comic about the adventures of 3 friends ( turtle , fox and wolf ) . 
  i 'll also throw in anton ingoli\u010d , just because his secret society pgc about a group of kids that form a secret society that starts stealing thumbtacks is still fresh in my memory after some 25 years now . 
  we unfortunately also got swamped with a lot of classic books from our past that were really not suitable for kids , i 'd say france bevk and his whole depressing opus is something best left to more adult audience , also pre\u017eihov voranc ... hope to hear from younger generations what they had or wanted to read these days . 
  here 's my personal anecdote about that . 
  i have family in serbia and croatia , i was born in slovenia and i 'm named after my grandfather and he was named after the most famous ruler of serbia , du\u0161an silni . 
  i speak serbian/croatian flawlessly and yet when i go to visit any of them i immediately become a janez ... it 's said with a smile though and a hefty dose of alcohol follows after that , just good natured joshing . 
  not sure how old you are , but my generation ( ' 79 ) also had a couple of trips each year in primary school going into nature for a weekend and collect mushrooms , fruits , wild vegetables and herbs . 
  sometimes it would just be our biology teacher with us and sometimes it would be a local expert forager . 
  this was normal school , not scouts . 
  we did n't do any gardening though . 
  lip service and older people only in my experience . 
  some might also fall under the `` culturally '' christian and go to a church once a year near christmas . 
  i 'm of the opinion that religion should n't need a mediator between you and the divine ... then again i 'm a confident atheist so my opinion is just that , an opinion .
