  hungary , went to balaton often as a kid and shopping with my family as a kid in the 90 's, 
  well , my region in slovenia ( zasavje ) is sometimes reffered to by our favorite ( and only current slovenian swear-word ) , mat kurba . 
  it means ( your ) mother ( is a ) whore . 
  we 're an ex mining region , the language here was same as people , rough . 
  our capital city is sometimes reffered to as `` swamp '' and it 's residents as `` frogs '' , because the city was built over a bog . 
  also , celje is sometimes called the city of counts . 
  the only negative impact i noticed was the rise of `` alt '' right rhetoric across the board . 
  we got around 100 asylum requests , if refugees exist here , they 're keeping to themselves and invisible . 
  sweden and germany was a much more desirable location so not many chose to stay here . 
  i never even knew they were hated , i wear them a lot , lots of my friends do too . 
  we 're not really fashion conscious , just pocket fetishists . 
  mostly not , except for those raggare loving swedes and norwegians . 
  not yet mentioned : kim bodnia , a danish actor ( in china they eat dogs , nattevagten and broen ) and his broen co-star swede sofia helin . 
  i also like a lot of serbian actors : nikola kojo , bata \u017divojinovi\u0107 and dragan beljogrlji\u0107 . 
  serbs in particular have a really good grasp of dark comedy . 
  english by far , followed by biology . 
  i liked most subjects , the only one i really hated was german language lessons , i still have nightmares about their grammar rules . 
  not sure if he 's still as popular as when i was a kid , but the good soldier svejk was extremely popular here , in the 90 's you could see it in almost every household . 
  a lot of phrases also entered into our national vocabulary . 
  slovenian author would have to be toma\u017e lavri\u010d , creator of political comic strip [ diareja ] ( https://www.google.si/search?q=diareja+mladina&amp;safe=off&amp;client=firefox-b&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjw9qcngjxrahviwxqkhabzbh8q_auiccgb&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=628 ) , sharply biting satire about our political scene , followed closely by another strip legend miki muster . 
  on the european scene i 'd go with terry pratchett , the man was pure class and genius . 
  no problem , i know reddit can be a hostile place , hell i 'm no saint . 
  cheers all around . 
  how on earth did you come up with that ? 
  i made a quick quip about your username and wished you merry holidays . 
  you might be a tad oversensitive . 
  ahh , spaz is a spazette , gotcha . 
  have a merry whatever you celebrate . 
  i 'm guessing it 's this [ evacuation ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38406965 ) he 's talking about . 
  i counter your : `` getting around europe is neither easy nor cheap . '', 
  with my : `` getting round europe is both easy and cheap '' . 
  i have family in belgrade so i combined 2 trips into one , no need to assume i 'm an idiot . 
  if you consider venice or salzburg `` far away '' places than travelling further than spodnji duplek is not for you . 
  all of your ignorant scorn aside , it just seems you 're not a person that enjoys travels , and so be it ... it 's not mandatory , but do n't lie that it 's expensive or unreachable for an average person . 
  also , your horrible spelling and negative attitude reminds me of kontaktni centar , i 'm guessing your alt that got banned ? 
  out of ljubljana probably not . 
  there is only one budget airline operating out of ljubljana , so not a lot of options . 
  but if you go to venice , salzburg , budapest , prague or belgrade you have a lot of options . 
  i can get a train or van ride to any of those cities for around 15-25 $ . 
  i personally took a 5 $ airplane ticket from belgrade to gothenburg . 
  i also bought lots of 20-25 $ tickets from venice/salzburg to trondheim . 
  there is a good chance of getting to anywhere within europe for about 50 $ max , that is more than reasonable price . 
  i also never plan 1 year in advance , maximum 2 months and i can still do it . 
  it looks like a version of religious segregation to me . 
  i 'd oppose it . 
  and i 'd mandate that any church that delves into politics gets to pay taxes for that privilege . 
  well , italy and brazil would be superpowers for one ... 
  yes there is both a british/french version ( the tunnel ) and a us/mexico version called the bridge too . 
  they are both ok , but do n't really come close to the original . 
  it also helps that i find the original female lead hot as hell . 
  yep , as lion said there 's a bridge there , a really nice one but also horribly expensive . 
  that bridge is also a backdrop for a great swedish/danish series broen , i highly recommend it if you have n't seen it . 
  i can sometimes get an airplane ticket for the price of crossing that bridge . 
  depends how you view it . 
  i travel cross europe yearly , from slovenia to sweden . 
  sometimes by car , sometimes by plane . 
  i also visit friends and family scattered around a few times a year . 
  sooo , let 's say around 10 times a year . 
  keep in mind though i can visit 4 countries just by going 150km in each direction . 
  i do n't think so . 
  immigration is and was on the agenda a lot more here than gun control is in the us . 
  we discuss immigration in connection to a lot more topics than just this recent refugee crisis so i do n't think it corellates to the us gun control approach at all . 
  it does have the possibility of becoming uselessly politicised as gun control in the us has become , but i truly hope it doesnt ' . 
  we also do n't have a 2 party system , so it 's much harder for parties to be assigned values on a purely pro/con scale . 
  ok , guns do n't kill people . 
  people who say : `` guns do n't kill people '' , kill people ... with guns . 
  i think they will , but frankly i do n't give a damn if they do . 
  i like my country , but i feel a lot more connected to my region than to my country as a whole . 
  i do n't have a problem losing some `` nationalism '' in favour of `` regionalism '' . 
  your other `` point '' i find frankly to be a bit of bullshit . 
  as nice as it is that someone from the us is altruistic enough to worry about us ( thank you so very much ) , i do n't think it 's sincere , and i do n't think you have a clue about anything about us or our society . 
  we 've been through some changes in the past , drastic changes ... we 're still here . 
  my country is tiny and we survived organized ( italy , germany during ww2 ) attempts to eradicate us , why the hell should i fear a few disorganized migrants , even if they tried they could n't . 
  i find your fears about losing your `` culture '' bizzarre , if it 's so weak that such a small minority can threaten it than it might not be worthy of survival at all . 
  i kinda wish there would n't be . 
  i 'd prefer the eu to be just some sort of overall framework and give more decision power to regions instead of countries . 
  maybe he was looking for the meaning of the famed swear word , you know , from hitchhikers guide to the galaxy . 
  belgium is the rudest word in the universe , yet by a strange coincidence , also the name of a country on earth . 
  in the secondary phase , it is stated as `` completely banned in all parts of the galaxy , except in one part , where they do n't know what it means , and in serious screenplays . '', 
  let 's make it a naval war then ... the mightiest of navies against each other . 
  hehe , i 'm guessing i made some sort of inexcusable faux pas ? 
  as i wrote , all of my warhammer experience is with the pc strategy games , and there i vastly prefered the 3 factions i listed to imperial guard . 
  all of those names sound really ... err , sexy to me . 
  how are they perceived in ireland though ? 
  are they names for grandmothers or are they current ? 
  is the housing problem region specific ? 
  i spend a lot of time working in jamtland and it seems there are houses available everywhere . 
  i do know it 's an underdeveloped region but it was still surprising to me . 
  i met the grandmother of a swedish friend named ragnhild . 
  she said it was an old name not really used any more , but i got ta say i find it extremely cool . 
  as others have said , du\u0161an stems from du\u0161a ( spirit ) and i think anglicized version of that name is spirou . 
  i never played tabletop game version of it , or met anyone who had . 
  i did play the computer games a lot and i would never consider imperial guard as even close to favourite . 
  i prefer in this order : , eldar , dark eldar and finally tau . 
  benelux and hungary . 
  i got absolutely nothing against them , i just find flat places to be estethically unpleasing , i want a mountainous europe all over . 
  i hope i do n't have to say i 'm not really serious . 
  mass amnesia might do it . 
  or perhaps get both `` gods '' to appear and unambigiously tell them to chill out . 
  barring that , i 'd resettle both populations somewhere else and have israel be a museum country administered strictly secularly .
