  i live in central europe , my roots run all over though . 
  i think it 's safe to say the average slovenian speaks 3 languages . 
  everyone speaks slovene , most speak serbian/croatian and english and then you have people living near the borders speaking german ( widespread also past the borders with austria ) , italian or hungarian . 
  there are some age caveats here though . 
  i 'd say people over 30 speak serbian/croatian to a higher degree than the younger generations , and younger generations have a better grasp of english language . 
  tricky , we have 4 neighbours and reactions would be different for each of them . 
  i ca n't imagine going to hungary , just too little similarities in politics , language and culture . 
  austrians and italians have traditionally looked down on us so i do n't think i 'd be happy with that , that leaves me with just croatia ... and i 'd be fine with that , half of my family is from there anyway . 
  so to recap i could live in croatia , but would probably resist the other three . 
  personally , i love almost all the non-political stuff from russia . 
  i love the language itself , literature and music . 
  also seem to get really good with any and all russians i have met . 
  i find myself pretty much anti us politics these days , so i tend to give russia a lot of benefit of doubt when media shitstorms descend on them . 
  though honestly i think both superpowers have behaved beyond horrible through the history . 
  as a country , i do n't think i can say . 
  ask 100 people , chances are you 'll get 100 different answers . 
  our political class seems to follow the eu policy and hence be kinda passively against russia . 
  yes , same region but those are a bit more `` urban traditional '' houses in towns , the ones i posted were all village types . 
  hehe , well we got conquered so many times in our history , and we have stronger neighbours so we soaked up a lot of extra culture , cuisine , language and other stuff through the years ... and now we get to show off . 
  for a very small country ( 2 million people , small area ) we have a surprising diversity in our house types . 
  i 'll list some that i can still remember from school . 
  the images are the result of a quick google search , i think they are correct ( according to my memory ) but i 'll gladly defer to someone more knowledable than i am . 
  some things that were considered in building them : houses near the coast have to sometimes endure pretty harsh winds so heavy materials were used , they were built without mortar and using flat stones . 
  panonian houses were built from stone or wood using mud for binding agent and with a thatched roof , the materials you could find locally . 
  finland , i 've been to all other nordic countries apart from finland , love the geography and climate , and among the reserved northerners i come across as an exotic southerner . 
  ukraine , just for the music i 've wanted to see [ haydamaky ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxwmfspdkzk ) since forever , also love [ gogol bordello ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyne2-r_pru ) though i guess they would be easier to see outside of ukraine , there 's just sooo much good music there from folk to metal ... albania , i 've seen most other balkan countries and have family all over , apart from albania , and again there 's the music aspect for me [ blla blla blla ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gazdoetwv_i ), 
  it 's been a while since i was on it , but if i remember correctly it was because i live with my grandmother in an apartment she owns . 
  as i said there are [ other ] ( https://zakonodaja.com/zakon/zsvarpre/31-clen ) ways to have it reduced , i 'm for example 37 and living with and taking care of my grandmother , i would still get only 245 $ , so again 290 is not guaranteed . 
  but if you live with your parents for example it gets reduced , and there are other things that can reduce it , so those 290 are not really the minimum . 
  hehe , it definitely was another country . 
  we got 99 problems here , but getting drunk ai n't one of them . 
  not sure about volunteering , but among my friends 290 is the maximum and some get 220 , so i took 260 as an average . 
  there is some leeway with parenthood , who you live with , what you own and similar stuff . 
  i mostly bike , even through winter . 
  shops are within walking distance ( closest is 15 meters away ) , next town over is 15 minutes by bike . 
  if i need to go somewhere further within our country i 'll usually take the train if i 'm solo , sometimes i 'll ask a friend for a ride with his car , but i like travelling by train . 
  we also have buses throughout our region going hourly , but they 're mostly used by students and workers . 
  outside my country i 'll go either by train ( cheap but slow ) or take a plane ( also cheap , but inflexible dates usually ) . 
  as a kid i also hitchhiked everywhere , within our country and across quite a bit of europe . 
  i live in arguably the worst ( economically ) region in slovenia . 
  most of our heavy industry and mines have closed . 
  unskilled labour is paid around 700-900 $ per month . 
  my father is the head programmer in a local company and he gets around 1400 $ per month . 
  welfare for unemployed people is 260 $ per month . 
  to put that into a bit of context , an apartment in my region would cost you around 150-200 $ per month without utilities . 
  the rest of the country is a bit better off than us . 
  i do n't think everyone would be paid the same though . 
  ubi would just guarantee a basic income regardless of your job , there would still be options to get paid on top of that , especially in stressful and rare professions . 
  it would just remove the need to work to live . 
  i 'm not a strong proponent of it ... yet , but i do think we 're surely headed that way . 
  edit : saw the downote thingy you wrote late ... do n't sweat it , you and i are having a civil discussion , but this is reddit , stuff happens without rhyme or reason . 
  i think you 're not making a lot of sense with your point that nursing , teaching and the rest would see a drop . 
  right now , as you say , those jobs are not well paid , which means that people who do those jobs often do them for motives other than money , with ubi money would be even less of a factor for them , and i for one would rather my teachers and nurses are not purely money motivated . 
  why should we ? 
  we survived being oppressed by everything from the roman empire , napoleon , fascist italy , nazi germany , austro-hungary , croatian ndh and countless different nobles through our history . 
  we 've been conquered so many times we might as well have a revolving door on our borders . 
  if none of those powers could destroy our culture and language i have no fear of barely literate religious extremists . 
  i value our culture and have no fear of its survival . 
  boggles the mind , does n't it . 
  i 'm guessing this is his main account and he is trying ( and failing ) to keep it somewhat civil , unlike his old alt account `` kontaktni centar '' . 
  hehe , yes we can be vile and horrid but i still love it here . 
  btw did you ever see [ slovar zasavskega knji\u017enega jezika ] ( http://www.medves.si/me/szkj.htm ) , it 's a funny side project made by my ex chemistry teacher . 
  funny , here in zasavje my parents can and do outswear me regularly . 
  a couple of days ago i heard some horrible swearing outside my window , went on the balcony to check it out and saw a grandma having a friendly swearfest at her grandson , absolutely no malice in it though . 
  here we do swear a lot but we 're very conscious of the subtext , noone gets offended just by the words themselves , there has to be intent behind it . 
  oh and for the op , my parents stopped caring about my swearing when they reached around 28 years of age , but if you meant the kids age then i 'd say around 12,13 . 
  talking of killing or sterilizing thieves and mentally ill people is not to be accepted , if that makes me intolerant ... 
  i 'll survive . 
  you 're advocating eugenics , i know about the godwin rule but come on ... 
  yes , you sure did . 
  you not only wrote it , but also masterfully impersonated it . 
  sorry , would you mind explaining your last sentence ? 
  `` no use in thieves and lunatics . '', 
  combined with the previous sentence it seems you 're advocating killing off , or removing thieves along with lunatics from the gene pool . 
  i hope you just had a brain fart or a miswrite and that you 're not actually for killing or sterilizing thieves . 
  it does in way , as it features in a large part of our history . 
  we were in one way or another influenced by germanic people since the 8th century , just off the top of my head we were a part of bavaria , holy roman empire , the royal house of habsburg , and then there 's the whole thing of ww1 and the sequel . 
  that 's on a state level , then you have a germanic minority that used to live in our country until the end of ww2 . 
  in my region almost all of the industry was built by german industrialists . 
  how we see it is a bit tricky , i 'd have to say by and large it 's considered a separate identity . 
  i grew up in ( at the time ) communist yugoslavia . 
  as a kid i did n't get my own room until i was 12 , it was the same with most of our neighbours . 
  we had a lot of freedom otherwise . 
  i could stay out until 10pm until i was around 13,14 and basically unlimited after that as long as my schoolwork did n't suffer . 
  at 13 or 14 most of us also started going on summer vacations without parents or any supervision . 
  in my time discipline was still pretty strict , i 've had a few serious spankings done with a rug beater or if i was lucky with a large wooden cooking spoon . 
  a few of my friends got beat with leather belts by their fathers , but even then most people considered that abuse . 
  when the cops caught us doing some stupid shit they would give us a slap and take us home , no paperwork . 
  even the teachers were allowed to give us a slap if we were acting up . 
  these days everything is much softer and more permissive . 
  i did grow up in pretty `` hard '' region , full of miners , alcohol and low on sunshine . 
  i do n't think strict discipline did anything bad to me , but i do n't think it 's something that should be brought back . 
  sweden , lived there around 18 months 3 . 
  serbia , have a lot of family there 4 . 
  croatia , have a lot of family there 5 . 
  czech rep , love their beer , had a friend studying there and there 's a cheap train to there . 
  sometimes when i was bored i just went for a weekend there . 
  italy , i visit often for concerts unavailable in my country 7 . 
  germany , concerts and visiting friends 8 . 
  switzerland , visiting friends 9 .
