  i see them as two different approaches to friendlyness . 
  i got family in serbia and it 's my favorite place to party and drink , people are open and willing to share even though they have little . 
  i like swedish people too , even though you guys are harder to get to know , and almost impossible to meet someone randomly on the street . 
  my opinion of sweden is almost entirely based on rural jamtland though . 
  i live ( and work ) seasonally quite close to faviken magasinet . 
  i like the no nonsense attitude of swedish people there and i find once you get a social connection it 's really easy to just roll with it and meet more people . 
  slovenia , croatia , bosnia , serbia , montenegro , austria , hungary , italy , switzerland , czech republic , poland , liechtenstein , belgium , netherlands , germany , denmark , sweden , norway . 
  my favorites are serbia and sweden . 
  i spend around 3 months a year in sweden . 
  my next target is france , hopefully around christmas . 
  i grew up in a bilingual family . 
  my parents were from different countries and emigrated to slovenia . 
  then around age 8 i got my first computer , zx spectrum with most games in english and heavy on the text aspect . 
  after that started movies ( subtitled ) and music . 
  by the time i was 14 the 3 languages seemed totally natural to me . 
  now that i 'm older i 'm trying to learn swedish and find it quite a bit harder to do . 
  i used to work in sawmill bohor during a summer some 15 years ago , i actually needed someone to translate for me . 
  could n't understand most of the people and they could n't understand me . 
  i had a friend with me that attended farming school there , he could understand the lingo . 
  i find mb accent a bit annoying with all the '' \u010duj '' , i also like primorska . 
  ljubljana i find a bit too clean and proper . 
  i come from zasavje , we swear a looot , and to me the dialect of ljubljana sounds like when children try to swear . 
  or when you see a slovenian television show where they try to use `` street '' language , it just does n't feel right to me . 
  i really wish things had ended differently in yugoslavia . 
  who knows if cloning technology came sooner and we had a backup of tito ... 
  breeding does n't worry me at all , we 're steady at around 2 million , seems enough for this space . 
  but i do worry about our mental state as a nation . 
  we 've replaced idealism with cynicism . 
  i 'll go right ahead and state that we had better social values taught to us in previous system . 
  haha , i know i should n't but yes , i do feel sad for a lot of things that passed from that time . 
  i could give all the violence a miss , though most people were usually sane enough to not kick someone when he was down . 
  in the 50 's and 60 's some peple would actually go and hide on the day when the miners got paid , because everyone would get drunk and then start fights . 
  also in a history book about our city you can read about casualties among miners walking home from neighbouring village and drowning ... in a 5 inch puddle because they were so drunk , almost every weekend ... oh , and the main news for year 1847 , the whole year mind you is : `` local farmer 's cow drops dead , people say it 's because of heat . '', 
  you 're wrong , it does happen same as it happens anywhere you get a lot of drunk people together , but it definitely is n't widespread . 
  i live in zasavje , where the miners and coal come from , our region is called `` mat kurba '' and i 'll tell you the levels of violence of any kind have fallen dramatically since the 90 's . 
  when i was a kid it was normal to have a fight or two basically every night and in every club , these days it 's beyond uncommon . 
  kind of tricky to answer . 
  i do n't think there 's one dialect universally hated in my country ( slovenia ) . 
  i think it would be safe to venture most of the country find the dialect of and around the capital city to be somewhat silly . 
  we 're a country of only 2 million speakers and yet we have some [ 48 dialects ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovene_dialects ) . 
  i can barely understand the dialects of rezija ( near italy ) and prekmurje ( near hungary ) . 
  do you know why the slovenian and bosnian people get along so well ? 
  bosnians love making fun of themselves ... slovenians love making jokes about bosnians too . 
  here it 's bosnia traditionally ( mujo and haso jokes ) then other ex-yugo countries , germans and italians with a rare joke about hungary or poland thrown in . 
  we also make a lot of jokes about ourselves too . 
  if you can get some birch syrup from alaska it should work for just about anyone with any kind of eating ethic . 
  i myself would kill for some of the more or less exotic monofloral honeys from the usa . 
  jams from fruits not available locally are also usually very appreciated . 
  those are my safest choices usually . 
  and there are also [ protected and strictly protected areas ] ( https://sl.wikipedia.org/wiki/seznam_naravnih_rezervatov_v_sloveniji ) . 
  i think that for most of these you need an actual permit to enter so they are not for public use , but would fall under the `` wilderness preserve '' . 
  i 'm ca n't be 100 % sure of course , but i think there 's a very good chance that he would survive in my country . 
  there has been an increase of armed crime in the last 10-20 years , but shootings ( police or other ) are still exceedingly rare . 
  i say he 'd have a very high chance to survive without getting shot , but if he did get shot i do n't think there would be national outrage . 
  i 'm also not sure how our policemen are trained , i know they can only use firearms for certain crimes . 
  hello . 
  i have n't seen it yet , and now it 's on my to-do list , thank you very much . 
  yep , i spent a lot of time in jamtland and i usually land in trondheim . 
  the first time i did it i had to wait for my friend to pick me up , so i ordered a pizza ( so i thought ) it seemed a bit expensive but travellers do n't always get a choice . 
  it turned out it was the price of a slice ... never spent another krona there , a country that has sweden for cheap shopping is definitely doing ok . 
  a lot of stuff , but at the moment i 'm heavily into bruce campbell stuff after watching ash vs the evil dead , my favourite of his might be [ bubba ho-tep ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxgp07vrab8 ) , it 's a comedy about elvis , jfk and an egyptian mummy in a nursing home ... yes , it 's exactly as good as it sounds , no sarcasm . 
  have a nice day . 
  my country of 2 million ( slovenia ) which is ( or was ) a part of their route has these statistics available at a quick glance : around 420 000 people crossed our country , of those around 2500 got refused entry into austria and returned , 149 people asked for political asylum and our government planned for around 550 people . 
  have n't seen any in my everyday life , there was a brief time of panic and nationalistic response but now it 's subsided mostly . 
  this year i also travelled to sweden via germany and back ( i do this annualy ) and i must say i did get the impression they had a noticeable increase in refugees , it might also just be the places i visited . 
  i 'm a musical omnivore so there will be a few different genres . 
  the most well known from slovenia might be gramatik ( hip-hop ? ), 
  and laibach ( industrial-martial political music ) so apart from those . 
  i like some smaller bands like [ orlek ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxps9o82ohy ) , a band from my region and the video was filmed in our hills , they 're a mining towns version of punk 'n' roll . 
  [ aikula ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtnkxnx6p50 ) , rockish band from idrija , i ca n't decide if i really like them or they slightly annoy me . 
  there are also some nice new-folk bands that are reviving our folklore in nice new ways , my favourite and probably best known is [ katalena ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=toi3vnyra2i ) the singer is singing in a regional dialect so thick i can barely understand 1 word in 10 , and we 're a country of 2 million people . 
  our most famous singer might be [ vlado kreslin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqa11dhv8my&amp;list=pl3d8bd7ed8712e958&amp;index=5 ) here in his youth in a rock band from yugoslavia times , these days he 's heavily into folk music . 
  there 's a ton of good music to be heard from slovenia , and some bands that switch to english even do well internationally , but for most singing in a language of 2 million is a bit of a handicap . 
  just for fun here is a rare recording of a semi famous local troubadour that used to play for workers working in local mines , in exchange for wine he would play music for them using a bottle neck as a slide , [ vili fajdiga ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-lggmo7d6q ) . 
  if you give a slovenian an atomic bomb he 'll throw it on his neighbours doorstep , we 're also one of those very divided nations ... without an obvious outside enemy . 
  for what it 's worth as much as i like a lot of things about russia my opinion is totally opposite of my fellow countryman above us . 
  i live in a somewhat rural area in slovenia , hunting is still pretty common here but on a visible decline compared to previous decades . 
  hehe , well i live in hrastnik . 
  the town itself is nothing much to look at , that is true but we are surrounded by very nice mountains . 
  kudos for knowing laibach , we also have the tallest [ chimney ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biahxddtplc ) in europe ( 360 meters , 1181 feet ) . 
  laibach might be best known band from our region , but the one that most captures the `` spirit '' of our place is [ orlek ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxps9o82ohy ) , a sort of folkish punk 'n' roll . 
  there is definitely stuff to see and do in our region , but we ca n't really compete with other regions of slovenia ... yet . 
  as a person living close to trbovlje could you tell me how the hell you even know about our region ? 
  we get almost no tourists , have almost no festivals and highways pass us by ... 
  i still love our crazy little region , warts and all , great place to get drunk in weird company . 
  we 're close too , it 's a few hours by train from zagreb to ljubljana and cheap too . 
  ljubljana has a pretty good social scene , check metelkova ( collection of concert venues , bars and galleries in an old military facility ) , orto bar ( lots of rock concerts ) or just wander by the river with a bag of beers and look for company . 
  there are also some good connections from ljubljana to other cities by train : budapest ( 35 $ ) , prague ( 39 $ ) , zurich ( 29 $ ) , belgrade ( 25 $ ) , munchen ( 29 $ ) . 
  also to consider are some quite cheap flights , for example i went from belgrade , serbia to gothenburg , sweden for 15 $ with wizzair . 
  in my part of europe i 'd say mostly no , we were much more into ethnic & religious wars than race . 
  there 's quite a divide in our politics here too . 
  i do n't want to generalize and especially include the poster above you in this , but there is a strain of populism here that sees trump as an actual good candidate because of basically the same issues and fears that the us electorate has . 
  i 'll say for my part that in my region of slovenia you 'd be hard pressed to find more than around 10 % people agreeing with electing trump over hillary , i do live in a very left leaning working class region though . 
  hello , i 'm also from slovenia and would like to offer my view of it . 
  first some info about our current laws , you can own handguns and rifles as long as you follow certain procedures and pass some tests . 
  for sport ( target ) shooting you have to be a member of a shooting range , for hunting you have to be a member of a hunting `` family '' and to carry it with you for personal protection you have to show probable cause for being endangered . 
  all of them will also have to pass a psych and phys exam and a weapon proficiency test . 
  that said , there are lots of hunters in our country , those are seen as normal and common . 
  i have a few friends that shoot at ranges , most keep their firearms there too . 
  in all of my life here ( 37 years ) i have n't met a person that carries a gun with him in civilian life ... or been shot with one , or threatened even .
