  of course i know these are absurd , but i do find the situation itself absurd . 
  i use both . 
  country-wide i 'd say non-stick is a lot more popular but cast iron is slowly coming back . 
  totally uncommon i know , but i tried explaining `` onikanje '' once to a friend from sweden ... fun times . 
  hello . 
  i 'm from a small town in slovenia , hrastnik . 
  it 's got around 10k people , most of us live in a stream carved valley surrounded on all sides by hills . 
  it 's a hard region , lots of unemployment after the mining industry closed . 
  our region is colloquialy known here as : `` mat kurba '' . 
  that 's a swearword , it means : `` your mother is a whore . '', 
  we 're not really known for our subtlety . 
  it 's not for everyone , but i love it here . 
  now that the industry is gone the nature is coming back in a big way and soon we 'll be one naturally sexy region . 
  on to music . 
  our best known band is the forefather of industrial music [ laibach ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzad7w3m4zc ) , they are known worldwide , heavily into politics and they also have a separate entity devoted to visual arts called irwin . 
  the stuff they wear is a variation of an old mining uniform . 
  they are very interesting , and they used to be controversial as hell in yugoslavia . 
  locally , the most well known , and probably liked band is [ orlek ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxps9o82ohy ) , they sing about our local hills , miners and the hard life that was here . 
  they range from folk-rock to punk 'n' roll . 
  it was the first band i ever got drunk to . 
  the video of the song i linked is filmed on our most popular hill , kum . 
  next is a little known band , fronted by one of my best friends called [ kvazi cirkus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=admbzj-exms ) . 
  some brand of hard-core i 'd guess . 
  then here is a local punk family , with 3 generations of same family in the band , the youngest i think is 6 years old , [ klt by white man ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tboyp485l3u ) . 
  and here is an extreme local curiosity , our first slide guitar player in slovenia . 
  local drunk , self taught on guitar using a broken bottle neck for slide . 
  he used to play for wine to the local workers on their lunch breaks , [ vili fajdiga ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-lggmo7d6q&amp;index=1&amp;list=plggoaenpzlexaznivaiu39zor5-hjkjnz ) . 
  there 's also a really strong local noise scene , a friend of mine organizes a festival and few concerts every year that is visited internationally , [ zasavje noise fest ] ( http://znfi.org/ ) , [ sample of their `` music '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sriqyv9nvvc ) . 
  all of these examples are strictly from my region ( cca 50k people , 3 towns ) zasavje slovenija . 
  i 'm as atheist as they come and i celebrate all of those . 
  hell , i even celebrate orthodox christmas and new year as well . 
  any excuse for a party is ok with me . 
  there 's two prevailing stereotypes of roma people in slovenia . 
  first is a criminal that does n't mind driving drunk without license and unregistered , collects trash in and around their house , steals , is violent and barely educated , lives in squalor and in constant opposition of local community . 
  the other is a magical , free living , bohemian , violin playing/dancing artist . 
  both of those are pretty much bullshit if you aply them to the whole population , but you can find individiuals that fit the stereotype . 
  the negative news always gets a lot more coverage , so we tend to hear the bad stuff . 
  the few i know that live in vicinity for example have turned their front yards into improvised garbage dumps for their recycling business thus pissing off their neighbours . 
  most i guess are as invisible in their everyday life as i am . 
  and for my country specifically i 'll say we are very homogenous , that also tends to amplify all differences . 
  the biggest problem is as usually lack of integration or even trying to integrate into society at large . 
  i do find the casual racism and bigotry towards them very alarming , but it 's a problem that requires both sides to want to fix it . 
  depends a lot on where you come from , how you interact with others and a lot of other factors . 
  i found pretty much all countries i visited filled with mostly very welcoming people ( must be my charming personality ) . 
  i spend a lot of time in sweden and often hear that swedes are very reserved , and that 's true somewhat . 
  it 's very hard to meet a swede randomly on the street , but as soon as you have some sort of a `` connection '' things change rapidly . 
  on the other hand you have serbia , where i made friends with people i met on the train or during a concert . 
  i like most countries i visited ( not austria though , sorry ) . 
  i 'd say my country ( slovenia ) is a nice mix of both approaches , but i 'd be hard pressed to single one country out . 
  we 're a small country with large neighbours on 3 out of 4 sides , the closer you come to any border the larger the similarities . 
  i 'd rank them croatia ( shared a country , lots of people speak the language ) , austria ( sort of idealized version of what `` most '' slovenians would want ) , italy and then least and last hungary . 
  but i think we 're also similar to slovaks , czechs and poles in lots of ways , along with the rest of ex yugoslavia . 
  dammit , you put us in a really tricky situation there . 
  austria 's out , italy too , between hungary and croatia we 'd have to go with hungary i think . 
  barring any tactial genius or divine intervention i think we lose , in all scenarios . 
  i do n't consume it on a regular basis , but only because i have a much superior product available ... ( ducks head from an attack from an irate canadian ) . 
  in the spring i produce birch syrup in sweden and i understand you guys and alaskans also produce it . 
  i prefer it to maple syrup and use it quite often . 
  if by any chance you have some experience with it let me know . 
  kind regards from slovenia, 
  buy all the maple syrup in the world , thus making them dependant upon us economically ? 
  support the recognition of canadian french as a unique and separate language and fan the flames of separatism until they need us to play peacemakers ? 
  offer them the island they share with denmark along with cessation of all bacon production in denmark in favor of canadian bacon ? 
  if we put our heads together we can find a way . 
  in some 10 years we rename ourselves into eurasian union so that we do n't have to change all the logos ( still eu ) and when we reach japan we declare that we are the winners ... 
  i 'm not serious . 
  i 'll share a small , not globally important event with you that still makes me both sad and angry . 
  in the 1990 's we had a populist candidate [ ivan kramberger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ivan_kramberger ) that was getting pretty popular and was widely considered a good if very eccentric man ( he traveled with his monkey , sometimes went barefoot , drove an old timer car , had long hair ) . 
  he made his money by improving some part of a dialysis machine and then went and distributed a lot of that money amongst the poor and invested in our hospitals . 
  i had the pleasure of hearing and meeting the man in my youth and i can say i sorely miss his idealism and enthusiasm these days . 
  as he was transitioning into politics he was shot and killed by a drunk man , the motivation for the killing was never explained . 
  it is quite nice in the summer , i bike there a lot , and as far as getting sun in , they 'd be hard to match my region ( zasavje ) . 
  all of our valleys are oriented north-south , so we get almost the minimum amount of light and our hills are higher . 
  prices should be quite comparable too , outside our three cities i mean . 
  i 'm definitely not any kind of an expert on american domestic policy , or even ours . 
  but i 'm not talking about a few beggars , or stuff i read on facebook feeds . 
  i 'm talking about the things i saw myself and the visceral , jarring effect it had on me . 
  i 'm willing to entertain the notion that the `` average '' american lives comparably or better to one living in any other western democracy ( at least fiscally ) but the poor , junkies , single mothers , felons , veterans and the rest of lower income class seems to be a lot worse off . 
  i was about to write the same , but in regards to us . 
  i went on an east coast tour , miami to new york in 2003 . 
  the number of homeless , junkies and veterans begging for money or living rough on the streets was astounding to me , mostly because the image the usa projects and reality was so starkly different . 
  we got beggars and all that here in slovenia too but i have yet to see a makeshift `` settlement '' of tents in the middle of the street here as i did there , and we 're a crappy ex-communist country and not the worlds only superpower . 
  not really true . 
  what we do n't have is strip clubs and a custom of stuffing bills in their panties . 
  i 've seen plenty of strippers in slovenia , most `` good '' biker meetings will have a stripper between rock acts . 
  it also used to be a tradition for women to go see chippendales on the 8th of march and go totally berserk afterwards . 
  pffft , you were not even considered sub-human , i 'll raise your 2 invasions with a slight genocide from all 4 sides surrounding us . 
  well , today i learned , thanks for that . 
  i checked zootfly ( developer ) wiki page and was surprised as hell to see quite a few other games too . 
  that 's a tough one for my country . 
  the only game i can even think of is a zx spectrum game from 1984 kontrabant . 
  i 'll say albania , we make fun of them a lot , without actually knowing anything about them . 
  the country looks really nice ( on google ) though poor , i 've heard good things about their hospitality and i like less `` western '' countries . 
  as a kid living in slovenia we had a shooting range with air rifles , that was my first shooting experience apart from slingshots . 
  i shot the yugo version of sks when i was 15 for a while then nothing for 2 decades . 
  last year i went with a friend to a shooting range in sweden . 
  i 'd say around 90 % of people over 35 have shooting experience and around 15 % -20 % of those under . 
  i pulled those numbers out of my ass of course but i expect them to be somewhat correct . 
  these days we have no more conscription so you either join a shooting club or a hunting family for shooting experience . 
  hey , yeah i can see how those two might seem contradictory .
