  there are some positive signs though , greek government has paved the way for the [ eliniko resort area project to begin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnsz0ugoxec ) , it has prospect to add 2 % to greek gdp and create around 50,000 jobs . 
  tons of energy deals in the works also , israel , cyprus and greek pm 's had a meeting in thessaloniki to pave the way for natural gas and electricity networks and exploitation in a joint project supported by eu . 
  [ and i read this morning that skiathos ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2017/06/17/ministries-approve-plans-to-build-holiday-village-on-skiathos/ ) , which is where burt reynolds vacations in greece , is building a massive resort area also which could create thousands of jobs . 
  if these projects work out it can re-build the confidence for investors and lead to growth , we will have to wait 3-4 years to see how these things pan out , i hope for the best . 
  is n't greece achieving a primary surplus for the next 20-30 years a good thing ? 
  that means greece is working with a balanced budget which makes the crash of 2008 impossible to happen again which is why investors are scared of greece . 
  a guaranteed primary surplus is not a bad thing imo . 
  also greece is already in talks for debt relief , mainly depending on it 's success of maintaining this primary surplus which is even a bigger positive sign for investors . 
  greece was running on a 10-15 % deficit for decades , i do n't see how that would be a better option . 
  no idea where you got that number . 
  it will take 3-5 years to see how things pan out . 
  if everything goes well and on schedule then it is possible that by 2020-2022 investor confidence could reach pre-crisis levels . 
  this heavily depends on the success of the 50 billion euro privatization fund and other investments in the works , mainly in the tourism and energy sector . 
  well it 's hard to sympathize , when german media was attacking greece/greeks on a daily basis 2-3 years ago , the turkish redditors on here were thrilled about it and often stoked hatred against greeks in the countless austerity/bailout threads during that time . 
  if it makes you feel better i do n't think german media is attacking turkish people since turks are the # 1 minority by size in germany it would n't be to smart , they are mainly focusing on demonizing erdogan to the pro-erdogan people in the country . 
  it reached the front page of reddit yesterday that `` 10,000 muslims to march against extremism ! '', 
  they barely got a few hundred in reality lol , i am sure that wo n't reach the front page . 
  when i saw the fire i knew something was fishy when they were talking about 10-20 victims , when i first saw the pictures of the fire i had a gut feeling the death toll was in the hundreds . 
   read the full eurogroup statement below :   the eurogroup welcomes that agreement has been reached between greece and the institutions on a policy package of structural measures , which aims at shoring up growth and addressing the underlying structural imbalances in public finances and paves the way for a successful completion of the second review of the esm programme . 
    the eurogroup also welcomes the adoption by the greek parliament of the agreed prior actions for the second review , notably the ambitious post-programme fiscal package , which is composed of an income tax reform broadening the tax base and a pension reform . 
  together they deliver net savings of 2 % of gdp which will underpin the fiscal targets post-2018 . 
  it also contains a contingent expansionary package to enhance the growth potential of the greek economy and to improve the greek social safety net that will be implemented provided that the agreed medium-term targets are met . 
  we also welcome the adoption of a package of decisive measures to effectively address non-performing loans ( npl ) , such as establishing an active secondary market , an out-of-court debt workout framework , as well as all actions to make the hellenic corporation of assets and participations ( hcap ) fully operational . 
    moreover , the policy package includes a large number of structural measures aimed at enhancing the growth potential of the greek economy . 
  with regard to labour market reforms , the eurogroup welcomes the adopted legislation safeguarding previous reforms on collective bargaining and bringing collective dismissals in line with best eu practices . 
  the eurogroup also commends the greek authorities for adopting legislation to implement oecd recommendations to strengthen competition , to facilitate investment licensing and to further open-up regulated professions . 
  we welcome the commitment by greece to continue on its reform path . 
    the eurogroup also commends greece and the european commission for the exceptional mobilisation of eu funds to boost investment in support of jobs and growth since july 2015 , for a total amount of nearly eur 11 bn . 
  the eurogroup calls upon the greek authorities to work closely with the european commission to ensure that additional eur 970 million made available following the review of the national cohesion policy funding envelopes for the period from 2017 -- 2020 are fully absorbed . 
  furthermore , we commit to continue to provide high-level experts to support the design and implementation of reforms through technical assistance projects . 
    in parallel the eurogroup invites greece together with the institutions as well as relevant third parties by the end of this year to develop and support a holistic growth enhancing strategy including improvements of the investment climate . 
  further options for mobilizing additional funds from national development banks and other international financial institutions ( such as the eib and ebrd ) should be explored . 
    the eurogroup supports the efforts of the greek authorities to work with the european institutions on the creation of a national development bank that would coordinate the implementation of development and promotional activities . 
  the eurogroup calls upon greece , the european commission and ifis to work together to strengthen the pipelines of viable investment projects . 
  efforts should be made to step up the technical assistance from the european investment advisory hub with a view to facilitating the preparation of investable projects and the establishment of investment platforms . 
    today the eurogroup discussed again the sustainability of greek public debt with the objective that greece regains market access at sustainable rates . 
  the eurogroup reconfirmed the commitments and principles contained in the statements of may 2016 . 
  we noted that the implementation of the agreed short term debt measures already contributes to a substantial lowering of the gross financing needs ( gfn ) of greece over the medium and long term and significantly improves the profile of greek public debt . 
    the eurogroup welcomes the commitment of greece to maintain a primary surplus of 3.5 % of gdp until 2022 and thereafter a fiscal trajectory that is consistent with its commitments under the european fiscal framework , which would be achieved according to the analysis of the european commission with a primary surplus of equal to or above but close to 2 % of gdp in the period from 2023 to 2060 . 
    the eurogroup concluded that debt sustainability should be attained within the framework of the debt measures envisaged by the eurogroup in may 2016 . 
  in this regard , the eurogroup recalled the assessment of debt sustainability with reference to the agreed benchmarks for gross financing needs : gfn should remain below 15 % of gdp in the medium term and below 20 % of gdp thereafter so as to ensure that debt remains on a sustained downward path . 
    the eurogroup recalls that it stands ready to implement a second set of debt measures to the extent needed to meet the aforementioned gfn objectives , in line with the eurogroup statement of 25 may 2016 . 
  this includes abolishing the step-up interest rate margin related to the debt buy-back tranche of the 2nd greek programme , the use of 2014 smp profits from the esm segregated account , the restoration of the transfer of the equivalent of anfa and smp profits to greece ( as of budget year 2017 ) , liability management operations within the current esm programme envelope taking due account of the exceptionally high burden of some member states , and efsf reprofiling within the maximum programme authorised amount . 
    the eurogroup stands ready to implement , without prejudice to the final dsa , extensions of the weighted average maturities ( wam ) and a further deferral of efsf interest and amortization by between 0 and 15 years . 
  as agreed in may 2016 , these measures shall not lead to additional costs for other beneficiary member states . 
    in order to take into account possible differences between growth assumptions in the dsa and actual growth developments over the post-programme period , the efsf reprofiling would be recalibrated according to an operational growth-adjustment mechanism to be agreed . 
  this mechanism will be fully specified as part of the medium-term debt relief measures , following the successful implementation of the esm programme to make sure the gfn benchmarks defined above are respected and to ensure that the ceiling established by the efsf programme authorised amount is respected . 
  the eurogroup mandates the ewg to work further on this as of 2018 . 
    at the end of the programme , conditional upon its successful implementation and to the extent necessary , this second set of measures will be implemented . 
  the exact calibration of these measures will be confirmed at the end of the programme by the eurogroup on the basis of an updated dsa in cooperation with the european institutions , so as to ensure debt sustainability and compliance with the european fiscal policy framework . 
  this dsa , while based on cautious assumptions , will also take into account the impact of growth enhancing reforms and investment initiatives . 
    for the long term , the eurogroup recalls the may 2016 agreement that in the case of an unexpectedly more adverse scenario a contingency mechanism on debt could be activated . 
  the activation of this mechanism would be considered subject to a decision by the eurogroup and could entail measures such as a further efsf re-profiling and capping and deferral of interest payments . 
    acknowledging the staff level agreement reached with greece on policies , imf management will shortly recommend to the imf 's executive board the approval in principle of greece 's request for a 14-month standby arrangement . 
  the imf welcomes the further specification of the debt measures given today by member states , and agrees that it represents a major step towards greek debt sustainability . 
  the imf arrangement will become effective with resources made available in accordance with its terms , provided that the programme stays on track , when imf staff can assure to the imf 's executive board that there is an agreement on debt relief measures , that , appropriately calibrated at the end of the programme , would secure debt sustainability . 
    in view of the full implementation of all prior actions and subject to the completion of national procedures , the esm governing bodies are expected to approve the supplemental mou and the disbursement of the third tranche of the esm programme amounting to eur 8.5 bn to cover current financing needs , arrears clearing , and possibly room to start building up a cash buffer . 
    in view of the ending of the current programme in august 2018 , the eurogroup commits to provide support for greece 's return to the market : the eurogroup agrees that future disbursements should cater not only for the need to clear arrears but also to further build up cash buffers to support investor 's confidence and facilitate market access . 
  tsipras is not a radical leftie imo , he jsut used the radical left platform to get himself in power . 
  he removed a lot of the radicals of the party last year and the party is more center-left now . 
  they formed a government with an extreme right wing party so its hard to call them marxists . 
  tsipras is a capitalist , he says so himself but he is also a socialist in that he wants to use capitalism to help those in need . 
  yeh , that probably accounted for a big chunk of the public debt , but it could have been * possibly * sustainable without the 500 billion euros in military spending , which coincidentally enough has never and will never be brought up in german tabloids when discussing greek debt , even though greece is the # 1 buyer of german weapons and germans even put a special clause in all bailout deals that greece must continue buying weapons at the same rate . 
  greece was fleeced , both from within and outside , but only the problems within are ever brought up . 
   no i 'm not , i specifically said the government promised the greek people the moon and they voted for it . 
  pre-2008 that would be the case , but then again nobody in greece knew the state of the real economy until the crash . 
  you need to understand that syzia was voted for the sole purpose of destroying the old corrupt system , and it will work out in the end imo as syriza have made all the right moves thus far . 
   greece needs to incentivize business greece completed all structural reforms to incentivize business and investment and even created a 50 billion euro privitization fund . 
  there are many incentives to invest in greece and there is a reason why there have been some major investments in the last 6 months but the investment floodgates are shut until the bailout negotiations are over . 
  i guarantee you , greece would have irish levels of growth if it was not for the current bailout negotiations which have dragged on for nearly two years . 
  no investors will put their money in greece until the negotiations are over , everyone knows this and eu officials have been saying this a lot lately also . 
  the negotiations are a giant stop sign to all investors , there can be no flood-gate of investments until the negotiations are complete , hopefully in the next few weeks as greece has concluded all reforms and budget demands and now is waiting for eu side to complete deal . 
  once the negotiations are over i predict irish levels of growth for the next decade , there are investors all over the world waiting for these negotiations to be concluded and give some stability to greece , and these are not my own words , but eu officials have been saying this a lot the last month to push for conclusion in negotiations . 
  a lot of people in this thread are clueless , they still think greece is dragging its feet on reforms or austerity . 
  which is insane . 
  greece has the best performing budget in eu for 4 years now and every single reform has been completed and even eu officials have gone on record saying greece has completed the most reforms in europe the last 5 years . 
  tldr : nothing will happen until current bailout negotiations are complete , then i predict irish levels of growth for a decade , just watch , most people in this thread are completely clueless . 
  so much misinformation in this thread . 
  the facts right now are that austerity did work , as in keeping the budget running on a surplus , greece has the best performing budget in eu for 3-4 years now . 
  the # 1 problem with greece right now is that there are a ton of investors waiting to enter the market but they have been waiting on the sidelines until the bailout negotiations which started nearly 22 months ago are still going . 
  once they are concluded , hopefully next month as eu hopes , the investor flood-gates will open as the eu officials have said will happen . 
  there has already been a good amount of privitization deals but the real flood gates of investors are waiting for the bailout negotiations to finally end and give some stability to greece . 
  i like how germans always fail to acknowledge greece 's 500 billion in military spending the last 30 years . 
  that is more than all of greece 's debt . 
  while countries like germany and portugal were spending nothing on military , greece was basically preparing for war since cyprus invasion . 
  and happened to become germany 's # 1 buyer of weapons . 
  greece has been held over a fire the last 2 years since the bailout negotiations started , 8 years if you want to go back to the first bailout . 
  there are tens of billions of foreign investment waiting to enter greece , but they are being stalled by negotiations . 
  nothing can happen in greek economy until bailout negotiations are complete , but i mainly blame syriza for taking so long , not the eu in this case . 
  once the bailout negotiations are finally complete , it will send a positive signal to investors as many in eu hope will happen and the investments will flood in , mainly in tourism and energy sector imo . 
   the greeks lived on credit cards and now the bank is coming back for its money you are mixing things up , greek private debt is one of the lowest in europe , people were not living lavishly . 
  the problem was public debt , government spending , such as 500 billion euros on military . 
  there are islands in greece with bigger militaries that portugal and balkans . 
  that is fair but i do n't think 100 year old debts that have already made back their prinicipal 10x over form the interest is a cause to fight over . 
  most rugby players i 've met are borderline cavemen . 
  nigeria is one of the most unstable states in the world . 
  they are about 5-10 years from becoming another syria once demographics tip over to boko haram supporters , 20 years max . 
   just saying they could n't be trusted in the past and would lie if numbers would n't add up why do you think the bailout which was signed 2 years ago is only now beginning to roll out ? 
  the eu sent dozens of accountants and experts to greece to check all the numbers extensively . 
  greece has basically been under the absolute strictest accounting and economic oversight in europe for at leas the last 2 years .
