  the majority of people would have called the police , with a small amount of people deciding to beat the crap out of him . 
  but it takes a true savage and barbarian to knife some 21 year old kid to death for some prank . 
  they should never see the light of day if there is any justice . 
   are safe and not dangerous to anybody . 
  there is no excuse for taking a knife out when it was 4 guys from the kebab shop against 1 guy . 
  they are cowards for using knives when they could have just beat him and taught him a lesson , hopefully they all spend their remaining lives behind prison since they do not belong in society . 
  nobody deserves to be stabbed over some immature crap like that , to many people in this thread make it seem like the thrower deserves to die . 
  the biggest source of instability is the migrant crisis by far . 
  as far as the currency it is still very very young , basically an infant as far as currencies go and eu has a long-term plan to stabalize the currency union with an eventual banking union which will take immense pressure off member states . 
  the currency union is also the reason why things such as eu investment goes into member states with billions in funding for projects around europe . 
  i think euro will be seen very differently by 2030 , it just needs a bit more time imo . 
   would practically be ending after this the worst thing about jihadist is that they are willing to die for their cause . 
  it is hard to deal with a criminal who has no issues with dying , western nations are not used to this type of criminal . 
  nusra main training camps and headquarters are in eastern turkey . 
  go on liveleak there are dozens of videos of nusra jihadists crossing turkish borders in convoy 's with turkish military allowing them to pass . 
  al-nusra was his pet project for the first few years of the war and possibly still are . 
  nusra is the top jihadist group next to isis but they do not conduct attacks outside of syria/iraq like isis which made them less of a threat to outsiders . 
  eventually the more extreme nusra followers with advanced military training from turkey switched sides to isis and now they are biting turkey back . 
  [ rotting christ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haf_xs9wlli ) is my favorite from greece , one of the most popular bands in scandinavia . 
   what does this mean not much right now , but if greece can meet or exceed fiscal targets in 2017 then it can enter debt re-structuring negotiations in 2018 with a very strong hand . 
  and if it continues , by 2020 investor confidence in greece could get back to pre-crisis levels . 
  every muslim i 've met has been a great person , but i still do not agree with open borders , i do n't see why that is hard to grasp for some . 
  nobody is better off in greece, 
  obviously you should be skeptical of the agenda of the video . 
  but some of the reactions in this video are menacing and sinister . 
  i do n't think even if provoked a group should declare their goal of conquering the land they are residing in . 
  i would rather be around catholic `` fundamentalist '' ( oh no they are rude ! ), 
  [ over this group ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fa6xcyxsxxu ), 
  what is the `` real politik '' solution though ? 
  you can not just say for ukraine to be aggressive and have every ukrainian think they are at war with russia for eternity , that will just cause never-ending chaos and misery for everyone . 
  but i know you can not just say `` take our land '' and give eastern ukraine to russia . 
  so what could possibly be the real solution to this ? 
  ukraine seems in an impossible spot . 
  most politicians are fairly pale to average citizen , do n't think they sunbathe cause of city life . 
   presents be plentiful what type of present do you buy for a multi-billionaire ? 
  thoughtcrime exists in uk , you can go to jail for twitter/fb comments . 
  the surveillance today is scarier than even in 1984 . 
  in 1984 there was camera/mic setup in each home , but it was positioned in a certain room and there were ways to hide from it . 
  in today 's world every person is holding the ultimate spy device in their pockets ( iphone/android/etc ) . 
  our smartphones can have their cameras/mic remotely activated by nsa since they have the backdoor access codes . 
  they can read everything we write in fb/texts/etc , see all our pictures and videos , look at our gps data and build algorithims which determine your most likely routes in the future . 
  basically if they desire , they can learn everything about us in an afternoon . 
  good guy croatia, 
  those messages are for the youth. , just like erdogan said a few weeks ago , the `` youth must be like bee 's in regard to luissane treaty '' greek youth back then were told to want cyprus but now there is absolutely no youth who give a shit about more land , nor are any politicians even the most extreme right-wing demanding any more land . 
  in turkey it is near-universal to youth that they believe they want more greek land , and that is a not a good sign for the future . 
  look at that idiot ashihna in this thread who is openly admitting that turkey should invade cyprus and take it all and even thinking that other nations would be afraid to intervene because `` turkiye stronk '' . 
  probably not, 
  i believe yesterday or a few days ago was the last call for greek citizens to declare income that is not known to the state , allowing perpetrators to take a major fine ( 50 % i believe ) but no jail time . 
  this looks like a start to a crackdown of those suspected but who have not declared their additional incomes . 
  you are either insane or delusional . 
  also your type of mentality is exactly why cypriots do n't want to be `` reunited '' with a bunch of fanatics in the north . 
  just move on already . 
   it 's just a piece island to add to the collection for greece . 
  we are not the ones acting like north korea every week demanding your land . 
  i think it 's been 2-3 days since a turkish politician has n't screamed on tv to invade a greek island which might be a new record . 
  russia has no choice , the nord 2 pipeline looks dead now . 
  only option now is to go through turkey , putin is determined to achieve this goal it seems . 
  it requires a unanimous eu vote by all member states which wo n't happen . 
  does he have the authority to make such statements ? 
  these muslims are hunted down as infidels in their home countries . 
  nothing is ever free , especially from russia . 
  this is a strategy to hook serbia on russian military gear for future needs . 
  only in between naps, 
  was n't tunisia the place where dozens of brits were gunned down while sunbathing recently ? 
  if it is like belgium , he is being protected by the local muslim community . 
  he is likely still in the area in hiding , it would be to risky to cross the border . 
  which is why i truly hope this never happens in greece , i do n't know how bad shit will hit the fan if it does . 
  you 're just far enough for us to like you . 
  but to be serious , greek people feel a certain connection with brits and irish , i am not sure exactly why , i think a combination of you having our backs historically and that we like your tourists . 
   do you think egyptian muslims would n't react to multiple upon multiple terror attacks committed by christian copts against muslims ? 
  muslims actively hunt down and murder remaining pockets of christians in egypt so bad example . 
  we always liked you, 
  not really , nobody knows the real number of potential attackers , there could be tens of thousands waiting for the right moment . 
  most of them are likely waiting for a `` big event '' and go all out in attacks . 
  but if these attacks happen on a weekly/monthly basis as the muslim population rapidly grows in europe then western society will fall . 
  i 'm certain at this point that the `` open borders '' ( at all costs ) policy is a way to instigate the next major power war . 
  nothing else makes sense . 
  erdogan threatened to invade aleppo last week , hardly normalizing ... 
  turkey played with fire by helping al-nusra and now it is coming back to them . 
  note i did not say isis since there is no hard evidence just speculation , al-nusra was seen as ally for turkey in the first 2-3 years , not sure about now . 
  greek genocide + population exchange , around 750,000-1 million greeks were killed alongside armenians and assyrians and other christian minorities . 
  probably , but uk-bro 's got our back . 
   secular state lol, 
  if greece stopped turkish muslims in thrace from doing their thing , turkey would act like ww3 had started . 
  looks like syria 2011/12, 
  piraeus is fairly large , also they are building a ship repair facility in salamis ( where ancient battle of salamis took place ), 
   so if you buy something from china it will probably be exported to nl because harbour and we export it than to you . 
  [ i wonder how this will effect it ] ( http://www.chinadailyasia.com/attachement/jpg/site441/20150129/1422508087616_212.jpg ) , it 's a new chinese 5-10 year strategy , piraeus harbor was purchased by china 4 months ago . 
  the refugee crisis started in greece in 2013 . 
  it is not a repost , where are the other posts ? 
  the point of that is if germany thinks it can invite the world into europe then try to keep them in greece they are mistaken , the floodgates all lead north , never forget that . 
  we did n't invite half the planet into europe because of feels . 
  yup , now imagine how easy it is for refugees, 
  lol no , most of them manage to escape from greece within days . 
  you can sense a huge shift in northern euros that come to the islands , it is a relaxing place to be . 
  realistically it is most likely equal with italy and spain , i think it is southern european lifestyle of good weather and close family . 
  as long as you are taking vitamins and exercising 2-3 times a week that is fine . 
  it would be interesting to see suicide rates if lithuania had mandatory workout at school and even at work , that would be a cool experiment . 
  it is hard to kill yourself when you have la liga games all around you . 
  yeh but in the much worse places you are more afraid of being killed by others which leads to a more survival mentality .
