  i do n't see why they ca n't just be honest about it , if you leave it to speculation than turkish people will get feel it is islamophobia and they will hate eu , just be honest about it . 
  i do n't see why cyprus ca n't be the primary base of operations for all middle east operations . 
  it already has all the infrastructure and bases in place and populace firmly loyal to western alliance . 
  eu wins from this , more gas + syrian war resolved . 
  this is interesting since all those papers are managed by government people , this seems like a propaganda push to prepare for a geo-political shift . 
  not only that , there is a rumor and was reported by some news sites that russian secret service intercepted coup plotters communication moments before the hotel attack on erdogan but he was warned by putin 's people and got away . 
  two days later erdogan says that the russian  turkey  greece pipeline that was halted permanently during the jet shooting is now made a national priority to accomplish by erdogan . 
  it is like a turkish soap opera + game of thrones, 
  i would n't get worried unless we hear about a putin , erdogan and assad meeting . 
  then shit will likely hit the fan . 
  you are clueless about greece first of all , you seriously think greeks will allow their country to become a refugee center ? 
  most importantly none of these `` refugees '' have plans to stay in greece , there are billion $ fake passport/smuggling operations in northern greece to move around these refugees , you hear about it every day here . 
  greece wo n't suffer from this crisis , it is just a temporary holding station until the migrants get their fake passports/smuggling routes in order with the local gangs/mafia or islamic groups stationed near the balkan borders . 
  this is a lot more complex than you think . 
  this is why the only solution is to build a refugee center in libya , if they are put in greece they will go to northern europe , best case you can just stall them a few more months than usual . 
  sure , but how often does their heart rate increase from doing that ? 
  the key of why going to the beach is so good is because it is low-stress way to raise your heart-rate to 110 + bpm , this really does have a significant impact on your health , especially multiple times per week . 
  i do n't think it is a coincidence that most of these `` longer-living '' med 's are usually [ islanders ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/28/magazine/the-island-where-people-forget-to-die.html ) or live near the waters in places like spain , italy , portugal . 
  i think it is a combination of healthy food and an overall healthy lifestyle , going to the beach even just 1-3 times a week is more exercise than 99 % of old people on earth get . 
  the first step is a banking union and a large over-sight body to look over all member states budgets . 
  libya is a failed state , either by bribing them or by force , the eu needs to build a refugee center there . 
   greece would turn into a human prison negative on that , there are billions worth of fake passport/smuggling operations going on right now in northern greece . 
  what western eu needs to understand is that this idea of greece being a `` prison '' or `` fenced '' is as idiotic as thinking you can trust erdogan . 
  none of these refugees are planning to stay in greece longer than they have to and they wo n't , except for a small amount who will have to wait a little longer until they get their smuggling/passport in order . 
  the only way to actually stop this is to pay some north african country to take them in and just build up their infrastructure for them . 
  we can bomb the shit out of north africa but we ca n't invest in them for a mutual benefit , just bizzare . 
  a lot of greek businness are making a ton of money from temp stays of refugees , i read about it a lot . 
  none of them have any plans to stay in greece longer than they must . 
  austria is haram, 
  did he really say this ? 
  hopefully putin and erdogan can end the syrian war for good . 
  is n't the definition of imperialism to meddle in the affairs of foreign nations ? 
  i do n't know much about hungarian history , but maybe the ancient saxons were a major group in the hungarian region ? 
  this is a small slice of the overall picture , [ i find the genetic links between european groups to be more interesting ] ( http://imgur.com/a/llj6g ) , like how certain groups of people cluster together , it makes more sense than a random pie graph . 
  all it takes is 1-2 generations and it could be done , but it would likely take a referendum to accomplish . 
  they are n't , maybe 20-30 years ago there was strong anti-americanism and it 's become kind of a meme in youth today but there is no hate from what ive seen . 
  i really hope they do n't make a political statement , it 's tiring to hear of these millionaire `` spiritual leaders '' living behind their closed walls demanding others make sacrifices and worsen their way of life . 
  there is a `` rumor '' that russian secret service were the ones that warned erdogan of the imminent attack on his hotel , erdogan has done nothing but praise putin and russia since the coup so this rumor has a very strong backing . 
  wo n't work , greece is not alcatraz prison . 
  there are dozens of gang/mafia groups both domestic and international that are making billions from fake passports and also smuggling in northern greece . 
  during the coup , tsipras backed erdogan and was against the coup and said he would support erdogan . 
  all they heard on the radio was `` get the 5 stars , i want tanks '' and the rest is history . 
  this is so far the most odd purging , i doubt any of thee referees had much influence on erdogan . 
  i think tsipras is the only eu leader on erdogan 's good side . 
  if there was a a contract on the table that gave greece the right to host the olympics every 4 years , there would be investments both domestic and foreign flooding in like a tsunami , so yes it would be done . 
  even without foreign investment , an event like the olympics would be seen as a major job growth project and it would be done regardless . 
  if it was a long-term project and the olympics came back every 4 years then ofcourse it could be done since there would be a pay-off in a decade or two . 
  doing a one time olympics would be possible but met with a lot of resistance so doubtful but that is not possible since greece had them recently . 
  the 2004 olympics was one of the most well run olympics in history . 
  it could lead to an iranian case of being isolated, 
  do you really think it is a good idea for turkey to leave nato though ? 
  [ this is one aspect of it ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2016/07/19/greece-gets-its-first-research-agency/ ) it is not just for scientists as i have been reading there are a lot of initiatives for tech start-ups getting help with eu money . 
   and these will come from spain , greece and eastern europe . 
  i do n't think germans truly understand how massively they benefit from the brain drain and how much they damage the south , although it is not their fault . 
  nobody can blame southerners for wanting to go to germany with their degrees and find the great opportunities . 
  it just really sucks for us since their is no end in sight , although eu is helping greece with hi-tech investment which could pay off in a decade or two . 
  greek military is not a guerilla focused military but instead parts of it excel at it , as far as close relationship with usa , greece has immensely bennefited also , greek air-force is considered only behind us and israel in pilot skill/technical ability , this is due to the fact of greek pilots taking nearly 100 + sorties a week to chase turkish air force but also because greek pilots take part in major exercises with israel/usa around 4-6 times a year , sometimes refered as blue flag when all 3 participate . 
  regardless , i am not sure of the capability of turkish military . 
  yes there is a ton of people but we learn in every war that quality  quantity , turkish military hierachy is in shambles after a decade of erdogan removing all qualified officers . 
  but what i do know is that turkey would be borderline impossible to invade . 
  turkey is just one giant death-trap for any invading force but at the same time so is greece . 
   even as a german speaker you are more likely to be treated better in greece for that , not worse . 
  unless erdogan makes peace with assad which is very possible and logical thing to do in his position . 
  yeh , it could be argued that geographically it is sepearate , the aegean really is the center of greece imo so it is hard to define . 
  thessaloniki was basically the center of both balkan wars . 
  the pipeline will extend from turkish thrace into greek thrace and from there across northern greece , i think the plan is to connect that gas to hubs like the planned igb ( greece-bulgaria ) which is an official eu project , and to possible hubs connecting to rom , albania and italy . 
  edit : also most importantly to the thessaloniki lng hub , that gas can then be transfered to africa , china , south america , etc. 
  greece owns around 15-20 % of world 's lng carrier fleet . 
   balkans & greece greece is part of balkans , geographically it ends close to athens i think , the islands are not part of balkans unless you consider balkans a cultural thing and not geographic . 
  every person has their own definition i suppose . 
  you do n't have to formally leave the eu to start printing money . 
  there is no mechanism to kick someone out the eu , only suspension from eu and that requires all 27 states to vote in agreement . 
  so italy can start printing money and also remain in the eu, 
  great news for greece also , i was worried this project was dead . 
  the rumor is that russian spies intercepted coup plotters communication right before the attack on erdogans hotel and warned him . 
  i know , people from crete are barbaric . 
  that is pro-nazi propaganda , it gives the people a sense that the nazi 's favored them . 
  it is the same way greek nazi 's use hitlers quote about `` greeks fought with most courage and least regard of death '' , and they brainwash themselves to think they belonged with the nazi 's . 
  that is a bad education imo if you are learning it in school . 
  the issue is when every other people have a stone age tribal mindset except europeans . 
  if european nations become populated by another tribe/people with a very strong identity and ideology then those nations will become like their tribes/nations back home . 
  you need to understand about long-term trends to see why the current situation is un-sustainable . 
  within 1-3 centuries some western european nations will cease to exist as we know it . 
  because a `` stone age tribal '' people saw them as weak and decided to take it for themselves . 
  there is after all a reason the term `` survival of the fittest '' is used often in nature . 
  the midnight deadline negotiations in which merkel/shauble were favoring a grexit happend in the summer . 
  those negotiations were the climax of the crisis . 
  summer of 2015 , syriza acted belligerently in spring 2015 and almost got greece removed from euro currency in summer during the midnight deadline negotiations . 
  varoufakis had to be kicked out of syriza just for negotiations to really start and that was just the beginning of summer 2015 . 
  i do n't think most people know how big of a role the organized mafia families play a role in this . 
  they cripple southern italian business and force them all to move up north and they also ( supposedly ) play a huge role in this migrant influx , either by helping smugglers or from prositution/drugs/etc . 
  economically speaking , russia is way more important to turkey than usa . 
  it is not just about the millions of russian tourists which is significant , but they are also in close proximity and trade + investments from russia was critical to the economy . 
  russia wants to also build a 50 billion cubic meter/per year gas pipeline directly to northern turkey . 
  and that will not happen as long as turkey does n't shift to russia . 
  i think it is very possible that erdogan has become paranoid and hateful of usa for holding gulen and this coup , and may very likely see usa as destroying the `` erdogan dynasty '' which his children will inherit along with his tens of billions of $ . 
  he has shown signs of warming to russia and pivoting against usa he calls usa an enemy of turkey for holding and protecting gulen and then the day after he arrests the people behind the russian jet bombing , russia has also shown signs of warming to turkey . 
  this is getting really interesting edit : confirmed that russia warned turkish government of imminent coup !, 
  holy shit that is big news edit 2 : [ link ] ( http://en.farsnews.com/newstext.aspx?nn=13950430001452 ) , this is seriously massive news , putin just single-handedly mended russia-turkish ties with one phone call . 
  i have 50 deutschmarks on greece again,
