  greece is not easy to take , axis learned the hard way , and they went up against greek farmers using 50 year old relics . 
  we all are . 
  except norwegians . 
  it 's not just houses now , natural gas is at the forefront of the `` green '' revolution , with countries like germany wanting to replace all diesel powered buses with gas powered . 
  it has over 95 % less emissions than gasoline powered buses and i think large transport trucks will make the change once a.i. 
  is controlling most of the trucks making it safer on the road in 10-20 years . 
  nord stream 2 will not have a major effect geopolitically , but ukraine and slovakia will get screwed with current transit fees they acquire . 
  the reason it wo n't have major geo-political consequences is that russia is already planning to build a pipeline through turkey and into greece/balkans by 2018 and there is also the tap/tanap project from azerbaijan/turkey that will take the same route which will compete with russian gas . 
  nord stream 2 will just add another 10-15 billion cubic meter line to the nord 1 , nothing really significant considering russia and azerbaijan want to be sending 100 billion cubic meters through balkans by 2030 . 
  south stream cancellation was obama 's strategy , he visited balkans and negotiated some kind of agreement with balkan countries involved . 
  belgian ** regional ** parlaments , it is not the nation of belgium causing this but a region within belgium that has the power to veto a major international trade deal . 
  your first paragraph is bullshit , nobody in greece gives a fuck what german media says , far far worse things were said with no reaction . 
  seems so , large renovations and expansions on airports that are at capacity which is most of them , modernization and bringing in boutique stores into the airports like you see in athens airport , and most importantly they want to attract airlines to these airports which will bring in more tourists . 
  the reason i put germany is that fraport is i believe majority owned by the german states of hesse and frankfurt . 
  [ hesse owns 31.34 % of fraport ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fraport ) , i am not sure exactly what stadtwerke frankfurt am main holding gmbh is but they own 20.1 % , i am not sure if that is state owned or not , can anyone confirm ? 
  syrian war begun because of a multi year drought which forced an exodus into urban areas and tensions rose rapidly from it ... so the water wars already begun , it will get much worse with time so i think this is simply the new normal . 
   they will more likely go to new york , singapore or hong kong frankfurt is where everything will be heading to , it is the perfect place to set up as the worlds financial capital , at least as the eu 's finance capital now that london will no longer be in the eu . 
  that would get greece isolated and turned into more shit than it already is . 
  the difference is that in the middle east religious wars and conflict is as common as it ever was where in europe it is viewed as barbarism as it should be , the middle east will never evolve past religion , that is a fact right there for you to bullshit around also . 
  forced conversion due to jizya is a part of the overall genocide . 
   look at the middle east and then tell me , who are muslims most violent against ? 
  it was christians and and jews for a thousand years until they were all exterminated . 
  people forget that the middle east was majority christian for nearly a millennia until they were systematically purged and genocided from mena . 
  now that they are gone the only thing left is to go after different sects of islam you do n't agree with . 
  it will go across all of northern greece , and land in either rom or albania , and from there go up north to serbia/austria . 
  there will be a pipeline between greece-bulgaria known as igb that will likely transfer a lot of this gas to bulgaria but i think the main purpose of igb is for the tap/tanap pipeline . 
  it is more paranoia . 
  great news for greece, 
  i never visited the city but i always stop there for connection flights and it is such a beautiful city flying over it , it blows my mind some times . 
  the only leverage they could pull out if things get bad is to start some serious anti-german/french propaganda to cause tensions , germany might back off if it gets bad since they might not want to push to hard in that scenario . 
   no wonder your economy is so shit . 
  yeh it 's shit because athens is like a rogue african state pulling everyone else in greece down . 
  greece was treated like an enemy state on this subreddit during summer 2015 negotiations , it was common to see calls to declare war on greece here ( for the rumor that greece would print euros ) . 
  get some tough skin and get used to it because it is going to get 100x worse , do n't take it personal . 
  greek crisis was all set up by british to , cunning bastards . 
  you should have pepper-sprayed her eyes just to be safe . 
  that is the dumbest thing i 've read today , quite a feat . 
  the # 1 reason the food is so good is because of fresh , non-gmo ingredients and meat being sourced from small local farms . 
  the best chinese food i 've had in europe was from a greek island place owned by chinese migrants using local meats . 
  eventually we 'll need to find a place for european refugees to go . 
  it 's not just about cheap labor , it has everything to do with access to the single market . 
  i can see a scenario where negotiations between uk and germany/france go nuclear and germany just decides to go to economic war . 
  frankfurt is in prime position to become the financial capital of the world , taking that away from london . 
  you need to also remember that germany and uk have historically always been at odds with each other , the brexit could re-ignite those feelings , especially with this intense anti-eu propaganda in the uk . 
  this will eventually lead to anti-uk propaganda in eu and it could spiral out of control . 
  i honestly do n't see a scenario where uk and eu have a friendly result , i think both sides see this as a zero-sum game and are preparing for economic war , with uk shifting to a anglosphere alliance and eu forming an eu army and isolating itself from nato/anglosphere . 
  our economies are not similar at all , romania gdp per capita is 9,000 $ , greece is 21,000 $ . 
  just look at the tourism . 
  greece has a population of 11 million and brings in around 22-24 million tourists a year , romania has a population of 20 million and brings in 8-10 million tourists . 
  just one example . 
  either way i do n't think it was ever an issue of mass-scale greek people living people beyond their means , most people i know here have an old home passed down generations and 1 vehicle . 
  the government was spending beyond its means . 
  spending over 500 billion euros on military in 30 years . 
  to put that in perspective greece has a bigger military than most countries 10x its size in europe , and greece is nato 's key ally in the east med and also has responsibilities of protecting air-space of balkan countries such as rom . 
  if we spent nothing on military and just depended on others for protection like romania that would have been 500 billion euros not spent and likely the crisis may not have been as severe . 
  the major issue was n't greece entering the eurozone , if the government had handled it responsibly . 
  the thing that brought greece down was the artificially low interest rates greece immediately received upon entering the eurozone and greek government went into a spending spree , with most of that money just completely dissapearing in fake loans . 
  for example there is a case of a bank which loaned out over 3-4 billion euros to government officials and all that money is now gone , i would assume there are more banks like that . 
  it could take decades to fully investigate those illegal loans . 
  he shares a bunk bed with gulen . 
  he does n't care , he is rich and famous ... no matter what happens his family is set for life . 
  he is going to get cold hard reality like tsipras did soon . 
  english # 1 , german # 2 , everything else # 3, 
  31 % is n't extremely bad considering all the undecided, 
  now we need germans and italians at each others throats and the cycle is complete . 
  yeh , this is not right for greece, 
  there is a rotation system in place , 2017 will be austria followed by poland in 2018 with slovakia and portugal closing the decade . 
  uk and france ruined libya , italy and rest of eu need a chance to fix their colossal fuck up . 
   reactionary how was the formation of the monarchy a reaction to something ? 
  the longer it lasts the more hostile eu will get , anything past 2 , eu will likely decide a scorched earth policy in negotiations . 
  sounds like an inside job from jihad sympathizers , i guess the `` moderates '' ? 
  more like trojans , and if you believe a well backed theory that trojans fled to italian mainland to found rome then technically anatolia belongs to renzi . 
  austerity is causing unprecedented brain drain in the south . 
  highly qualified experts in various fields are all being absorbed by germany . 
  what goes around , comes around . 
  i would think vangelis ( blade runner ost , etc ) would be the biggest for greece . 
   there ca n't be a solution for libya until there is a stable government in that country . 
  it is pathetic how neutered the eu is , the worlds 2nd most powerful military alliance being bullied by 3rd world failed states . 
  if eu had any sense they would invade libyan coast and build a camp to house all the refugees across europe to be processed . 
  it is part of the cafe culture which dominates youth lifestyle . 
  holding together an empire for 1,000 years is something ancient never even got close to achieving . 
  the infrastructure and logistics to accomplish that is incredible on its own . 
  byzantine greeks accomplished far more than ancient greeks , maybe not in intellectual feats but many others . 
   also do n't talk like greek education is devoid of propaganda , no one in balkans have good historical education yeh balkans is a shit-hole too ( including greece ), 
  is that what they teach in your schools or something ? 
  the only reason they came was venice 's hatred of byzantine and they organized the crusades with the promise of giving out enormous wealth to those who fought . 
  it was revenge for the [ massacre of the latins ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacre_of_the_latins ) and also about pillaging the city for personal gains . 
  just tired of r/europe being full of dozens of ultra-nationalist turks . 
  it seems like every day there is a dozen threads about turkey that has nothing to do with europe and anything critical of turkey is full of dozens of nationalist turks throwing around insults and defending erdogan or other crazy policies . 
  it is getting tiring . 
  and what did you accomplish ? 
  anatolia was the center of human civilization for nearly 10,000 years before the ottomans came . 
  now it is just another islamic middle east shit-hole . 
  has nothing to do with race you fool , look at the balkans . 
  it is still shit because of the ottomans , balkans were the dominant force of europe for a millenia , now it is a meme . 
  this thread is a joke bunch of turks being proud of the ottoman empire and trying to fool people it was some kind of positive for europe . 
  get it straight , the ottomans entering europe was the worst thing to happen to europe since the start of human history , nothing else even comes close . 
  stop being proud of this shit , at least stop pushing it to this subreddit , go to some muslim nationalist forum to post this shit . 
  by the time the final siege of the city happened there was only around 1-2 ,000 defenders and around 50-75 ,000 ottoman army . 
  the main reason they lasted so long was because of the complex tunnel system which allowed the greeks to pour massive amounts of greek fire on the ottomans .
