  you mean germany , none of the `` migrants '' that enter greece or even italy plan to stay there more than is required . 
  i am actually surprised there were any christians left after two centuries of genocides . 
  nice , you really do n't need anything other than a bit of greek yogurt until dinner . 
  the worse thing you can do is eat pizza/burgers at lunch like most people do . 
  at most a small greek salad for lunch but most of the time i skip breakfast and just eat a yogurt with honey at lunch and feel fine until much later . 
  if a greek ship is 3 kilometers off the coast of turkey , and refuses to obey turkish coast guard to inspect ship in their waters then you are welcome to shoot at the greek ship since they are likely doing something illegal . 
  yes greek food can be the absolute healthiest diet on earth if done correctly . 
  i am trying to stick to a healthy diet myself . 
  greek yogurt + greek organic honey for breakfast/lunch and then some local chicken cuts at night with maybe a bit of rice and salad . 
  i feel much healthier and look much healthier since i started this diet . 
  it 's a start i suppose . 
  it 's not really the calories itself but the type of food that are popular , way to much carbs . 
  i mean a normal greek breakfast is a baked cheese pie ( tiropita ) or some sugar cookie type food . 
  way to much bread , pasta and potatoes in greek diet today , older people ate much more seafood and clean meats like chicken , lots of veggies , soups , etc. 
  there is way to much carbs and sugar in most people diet now . 
  if they stuck to more traditional dishes it would be much healthier . 
  levithian gas basin shared between israel and cyprus is massive , and it keeps getting bigger every time they do more surveys , nobody knows how large it is but they already know it is large enough to make building a pipeline to europe profitable , there is also a large gas reserve around crete that will work alongside this pipeline . 
  levithian could be enough to support europe in case russia stops all gas supplies . 
  azerbaijan ( caspian sea ) has the 2nd largest gas reserves on earth and the pipeline they are building has potential to deliver up to 30 or even 50 billion cubic meters of gas per year which will make russian gas obsolete . 
  the third pipeline is the russian pipeline planned to be built underwater from close to crimea into turkish territory , and from there west to the greek border . 
  this is not even including the fact that greece is the # 1 owner of lng carriers on earth , with 30 % of all lng carriers and thessaloniki will be the main hub of all this azerbaijani gas . 
   because we have no alternative to russia there are 3 major pipeline networks currently in the works . 
  israel/cyprus leviathan gas basin pipeline to greece  italy  austria  germany and the azerbaijan  turkey  greece  etc pipeline there is no need for nordstream2 at the moment , there is no major gas crisis that absolutely requires it , it is just a way for russia to push their geopolitical goals in ukraine . 
  the other pipeline is the russia  turkey  greece  etc pipeline, 
  it 's annoying how mafia like greek politics can be , this is a classic strongarm technique . 
  greece is legally bound by the bailout to privatize 50 billion euros worth of state assets as part of bailout agreement , so far around a few billion has been collected , chinese cosco/admie deals , germanys 13 airport deal and the elliniko project among them . 
  so tsipras is obligated to gather around 40-45 billion more euros over the next 3-4 years , so as the article says they are planning to expedite the investment process . 
   `` this will mean liquidity and money that will flow into the market and the real economy , '' he said , urging ministers to take a personal interest to make sure that bureaucracy and red tape do not continue , as they have done for so long , to stand in the way of investment . 
    `` the ministries must coordinate in the best possible way to support and expedite the procedures needed to kick-start investment plans that have already matured without delays and excessive bureaucracy , '' he said , adding that this should be done even if it means ministers clashing with interests, 
   however there were many real reasons why brexit was a good idea brexit hasnt even happened yet , nobody knows yet how it will pan out . 
  high payed tech/bankers support the local economy by where they live from using local restaurants , entertainment , transportation , etc which creates local jobs also . 
   sometimes i hate this country . 
  [ be like the hound ] ( https://youtu.be/kp6i-pep3e0?t=1m10s ), 
  i think in this case it is mainly because of the ottoman empire with the sultan representing the ottomans . 
  when portugal and ireland was improving in 2014 , nd had sunk greece even deeper into depression and had to start negotiations on a new massive bailout . 
  they already proved they did not have the technical knowledge during the last bailout so they were voted out . 
  there is nothing to show that nd had the brain and technical power to accomplish anything or make any long lasting changes . 
  they had power for a decade prior to syriza and they spent the entire time running like a mafia , with the boss handing out loans for personal favors . 
  syriza did start horribly , but i will not judge tsipras for it because he had to ally with some extreme radical lefties like varoufakis and that ugly woman he put as house speaker . 
  all of these major radicals were removed from syriza and once tsakalatos got to be finance minister everything has run fairly smoothly . 
  the person i trust the most in syriza is not tsipras , although i think he is a good leader , but tsakalatos who managed to gain the respect of the eu and finish these negotiations after what varoufakis did . 
   you litteraly swam in uk/france/germany 's money the people did not , a few corrupt people did , mainly in the military industiral complex considering greece spent an estimated 400-500 billion euros on the military since the cyprus invasion , which is when the debt started to grow . 
   pity you for 5 years of austerity and reform it 's been 9 years , and greece went through a great depression larger than the one in 1920 's , 99 % of countries on earth would have entered civil war under those circumstances , including france . 
    we just kicked out every single politician that was working the last 5 years . 
  but you ca n't ? 
  syriza was a new political party created in 2011-2012 that removed from power the nd/pasok regime that controlled greece for decades . 
  i am giving tsipras 4-6 more years of time to implement his plan before i make a final judgement of him , that is all . 
  he just finished the bailout negotiations after 2 years , now he has 4 more years to implement his economic plan . 
  if after that 4-6 year period , greece economy is still in bad shape then i will blame tsipras , but it is stupid to blame him right now considering all these factors before he came into office and during such as these negotiations . 
  are there any vapes that do n't make me look like an idiot ? 
  not a fan of those mini lunchbox vapes . 
  there is absolutely no evidence the economy was getting better other than nd government propaganda , they also delayed billions in pensions and governement payments leading up to the election to show a `` budget surplus '' , which was not the case in reality . 
  they had no clue on how to carry out the reforms or fix anything , they were thugs in suits , a greek mafia that managed to get political party . 
  yes , i hate when some people ignore the fact that conservatives ran the country into the ground , what syriza did was stabilize the ship over the last 2 years , the ship that nd nearly capsized . 
  syriza was n't the one handing out million euro loans to friends and family of politicians with no guarantees , nd was run like a mafia not a political party . 
  there is accountability within syriza that was not the case at nd . 
  it gives some high paid bureaucrats a reason to exist , that is about it . 
   let 's say we hold up the one belt one road thing . 
  you ca n't unless eu uses a full trade blockade which wo n't happen , most of the infrastructure of obor is being built in asia and primary european hub in piraeus port . 
  well there is a difference between paying down a debt and paying down the interest that is 10x the initial debt principal , eu is very hard-lined when it comes to giving greek government no breaks on the interest rates of old debts , some of them 40-50 years old . 
  greece could easily pay back the debt and even some interest in a logical manner , either through a structured payment system or if they really want to help greece , making debt payments based on gdp growth , either way could work . 
  i think the 1st option will be the case , eu will bundle all the debts into packages with lowered interest and a structured payment system . 
  well eu created an atmosphere of profits above all when it came to greece , tsipras now has to achieve profits and investments any way he can . 
  i do n't think mussolini was expecting the greek resistance tbf . 
  we are trying to get rid of fossil fuels , we are trying to increase natural gas dramatically as part of the `` green revolution '' . 
  natural gas powered busses and public transport is a major priority in countries like greece and germany , a ng powered bus emits only 1 % of pollution that a fossil fuel bus does . 
  we need to decrease dependency on russian natural gas , but increase it elsewhere to support the `` green '' energy infrastructure that is a major eu goal . 
  greeks mainly stuck to the italian coast to trade with the greek mainland , only sicily was fully controlled by greeks . 
  if trojans did manage to escape the massacre , central italy would be a good location for them to hide . 
  arriving by boat with tons of gold and most importantly knowledge they could have used the natives already living there to build something great together . 
  well , it 's not 100 % impossible that greeks made that name and it became the popular roman name , the same thing happened with greeks . 
  greek is the latin word that was used only in italy , greeks call themselves hellenes and greece hellas . 
  the roman name ended up becoming the most popular recognized name internationally and thus greeks are called by a foreign name and not hellenes which is the native term . 
  the same could have been done with alvion/prettania , the greek and then later roman name of the island became the international ( tribal ) recognized name in mainland europe and british used a foreign name just like greeks did . 
  no , [ they were actually miniature wolly mammoths ] ( https://phys.org/news/2012-05-mini-mammoths-crete-scientists.html ) , they got to be around 1 meter tall so actualy smaller than i thought , they were a dwarf species of wolly mammoths that weighed around 300 kilos as an adult . 
  i see , that makes sense, 
  crete was full of mini-mammoths , the largest they got were about the size of a young elephant . 
  this was during the minoan age i believe so not that long ago either . 
  turkey already has the tap/tanap ( azerbaijan ) and russian pipeline in the works , and egypt is beginning to exploit its own gas reserves , so neither of those are good options for israel . 
  also geopolitically you would want eu to be dependent on israeli gas . 
  that is basically rule # 1 of geo-politics . 
  the german state is not giving money directly to pkk , the tens of thousands of kurds living in germany who make good money are sending large amounts of money back to these militants . 
  your problem should be with the kurds living in germany , there is n't much germany can do besides deport every kurdish person in germany which is not happening . 
  it is common to see hezbollah flags during arab rallies in uk , it does not mean uk harbors and finances hezbollah , but there are many citizens in uk which does give money and support hezbollah . 
  there is n't much uk can do in that case either . 
  pkk high command living and hiding in europe is a complicated issue , there are strict eu laws about such things and i do n't think any eu state can do much . 
  i do n't think the eu views the pkk as a threat like it does isis which is why it is not a major issue here , turkish people see this as an act of supporting terrorism but until pkk starts bombing eu countries i doubt they will ever get treated like isis . 
  a greek-italian survey team has already concluded that the pipeline is feasible to build and profitable and eu has already made this a `` priority investment '' officially around 6 months ago , the chances of this pipeline happening are around 99.99 % at the moment considering all these statements and the major players ( eu ) behind it . 
  both albion and britain are greek words i think , right ? 
  alvion was the original name used by greeks and then around 1st century ad greeks used prettania which then became the roman word . 
   so i totally hold german state responsible for the murders taking place in turkey meanwhile i do n't understand though , isnt 99.99 % of pkk militants and supporters living in turkey and syria right now ? 
  i doubt a few dozen kurds in germany causing trouble is making pkk stronger . 
  they can do that because pkk are not banned , just like many other extremist groups . 
  there is nothing germany can do since they have to abide by eu laws like everyone else . 
  it would take a eu wide ban like i believe isis has . 
  the kurdish people joining pkk are doing so from internet propaganda , i doubt eu affects pkk recruitment in any way . 
  i do n't see how germany is supporting pkk , they just do n't outright ban them like turkey has , i do n't think any countries besides turkey has banned pkk . 
  germany is supporting the kurds fighting isis , but so is usa . 
  most of the pkk are still using fairly old weapons , so where is that support going ? 
  i agree , we will just have to see how all these tourism and energy privitizations work out and if they bring in further more large investments .
