  [ right now they are estimated to be about 1-2 months away from closing the bailout negotiations ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2017/03/29/greece-reaches-agreement-with-creditors-to-close-bailout-program-evaluation/ ) , as greece has made the final concessions on labor and pension reforms . 
  also even during the worst economic crisis in the western world , greece managed to hit record tourist numbers last 3-4 years in a row , every year . 
  this is just icing on the cake . 
  already making major deals [ fraport greece signs 30-year contract with dufry for duty free shops ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2017/03/27/fraport-greece-signs-30-year-contract-with-dufry-for-duty-free-shops/ ), 
  i am not sure which unit the `` economic police '' is from but i think it is a new tax/corruption force created by the finance ministry last year . 
  note that trump 's chief of staff is greek and was the person who introduced trump in the white house ceremony few days ago . 
  99.999999999 % chance that whoever comes after erdogan will be more extreme and totalitarian , they chose their path and now it is set . 
  most importantly we need to deal with kim-jundogan next door , eu is literally being bullied around by some tin-pot dicator who has already said he would use his millions of followers to wreak havoc within europe as sleeper agents . 
  at the very least we can not allow turkey to blackmail europe for eternity , otherwise it will fall apart within 10-20 years max . 
   anybody knows why we call bulgarians big heads ( like pshisically big head ) i think a `` square '' type of head is fairly common in bulgaria , something which is more common in central europe than compared to common mediterannean head shape which is more rounded . 
  when i see a greek person with a large square-shape head and no beard i usually assume they have bulgarian ancestry . 
   if you want to be under russian occupation again russia will never step foot into europe as an invading force , there are these things called nukes now . 
  ukraine fucked up and got rid of theirs and did not join nato after they did . 
  bulgaria does not have this concern , europe as a whole would aide bulgaria if it needed since we are under treaty to do so , ukraine had no such treaty and was fucked over , unfortunately for them . 
  we do n't need any of that when it really comes down to it . . it would be nice i suppose but `` need '' ? . 
  absolutely not . 
  greece has the key to pull in israel and egypt into eu allies since they are already allies with greece , and those are the two most important players in mena . 
  gas pipeline project between greece , israel , cyprus and egypt is also in the works sponsored by eu . 
  us scoundrels need to stick together . 
  yeh , it requires some trimming but not to much . 
  he is absolutely right , the moment migrants realize they can not just step into europe and get welfare the migration flows will stop . 
  if every single migrant was placed on a cruise ship to be processed before stepping foot on european soil , the migration numbers would crumble and erdogan would lose his leverage on europe . 
  this allows genuine refugees to still come into europe which i am ok with , i just want them to processed and assigned a country . 
  it 's funny how eastern europeans refuse to work with anyone on refugee issue and spit on eu 's face when this comes up for discussion but italy and greece are supposed to obey russian sanctions and tow the line even though it has a massive negative impact on both our economies , in this already hard economic times . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  the only country that could enforce a kurdish state is usa and they are still backing erdogan , although things could change if erdogan goes full dictator and turns to russia . 
  this is interesting to me since that beard style is still very popular in greece , [ as you can see from this greek model ] ( http://www.hommerworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/slide_homepage_1240x800.jpg ) . 
  it is pretty fascinating that some fashion trends just never go away i suppose . 
  you can tell just from the picture he must have been a giant , must of been a legendary fighter . 
  which turkish minorities are seeking independence outside of turkey ? 
  also most of that `` native '' kurdish land is stolen from armenia who lived there for thousands of years . 
  i am not saying kurds do n't deserve their own state but calling it native is a bit of a stretch . 
  this is assuming greece did not have access to schengen , you make it sound like greece would have absolutely no issues without schengen which is not the case . 
  yeh but for tourists in greece to go back to their home country would be a pain in the ass so most would rather go the more simple route and not travel to greece . 
  it would have been a doomsday scenario for greece . 
  i do n't get your original point then , the only reason that greece is not a giant favela right now is because of access to the single market . 
  the ease of travel for european tourists to enter greece and easy access of european markets by greek companies is the only reason greece is not a complete hell-hole right now . 
  i do n't think you understand how important the single market and easy travel is to an economy . 
  if greece had a capable government post-euro entry it would be a fairly wealthy country right now due to access of the single market , it was greek government fault not eu for reason everything went so bad . 
  because greek government spent hundreds of billions irresponsibly after greece received artificially low interest rates in the few years following the euro currency . 
   [ it is all over !, 
  just . 
  like . 
  that !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drwscvcijyq ), 
  the british pound is still as strong as ever ( in reputation ) and the royal family has god knows how many trillions in real estate and other investments around the world , i really do n't think it is technically possible for britain to ever truly go bankrupt like a country like greece could . 
   bret hart ... canadian * you forgot the greatest canadian to ever live, 
  ozil will score 3 own goals next game and become president of turkey following the game . 
  turkey would never join due to the voting bloc nature of the eu parliament , which would make turkey more powerful than germany/france in all eu matters . 
  erdogan 's plan all along was to be dictator , so it makes sense to use the eu as an external enemy . 
   [ recently , even city authorities have gotten in on the act , as they have sought to capitalize on graffiti 's more artistic offshoots by handing out permits to encourage street artists to paint murals in blighted public spaces . 
  ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/16/world/europe/across-athens-graffiti-worth-a-thousand-words-of-malaise.html?_r=0# ), 
  greece has the largest air-force and tank force in europe . 
  that should tell you how small most nations militaries are considering some countries are 10x the size of greece , so most countries do need more tanks and rockets . 
  but the key to a eu military is communication , satellites and network communication and sharing of intelligence is the key , european space agency could be the blueprint for a wider european military . 
  beware of greeks bearing ~ ~ gifts ~ ~ mail, 
  it 's not trolling , people have gotten hurt before and i think there has been a death , but i am not sure if by bomb or arson . 
  that is really fucked up , there are a lot of left-wing extremists in greece who do this type of shit constantly . 
  i really think scots should wait 5-10 years for the next referendum to see how things pan out . 
  if they do a referendum so quickly and then it again loses . 
  that is it for 2-3 generations ( or maybe not , i do n't know ) . 
  is varoufakis in town ? 
  i really think keepass is the best , very simple to use . 
  i keep a backup save file on a usb stick also , it is nice knowing my passwords ca n't get hacked ( at least i hope ) . 
  good point , that is why it is a complex issue . 
  but on the other hand from my experience paying close attention to negotiations during grexit crisis . 
  is that many of these eu figure-heads are very emotional people , not as `` calculated '' as you would assume for such high positions . 
  negotiations are going to be a roller-coaster , i know this for a fact , and a lot of hatred will be spewed back and forth , this is why it is so hard to predict the outcome , it could go both ways . 
  it is pretty simple to make an unhackable password , get [ keepass ] ( http://keepass.info/download.html ) , let it auto-generate a 32 or 64 character password and then copy/paste password when needed . 
  this also prevents keyloggers ( recording keyboard clicks ) . 
  a really smart asshole, 
   unknown attackers have gained access to thousands of twitter accounts , spreading hostility against the netherlands and germany . 
  also on verified accounts of numerous german and international celebrities found on wednesday morning news of identical tweets in turkish language with the hashtags #nazialmanya and #nazihollanda . 
  yeh and varoufakis was prepared to , he had a nice million euros hidden under his bed and a nice book deal waiting . 
  ask tsipras . 
  yes they are in the exact same position . 
  what greece lacks in economic power it makes up for as being the most important geo-policial located nation in the eu as it is the access point to the eastern med and through cyprus the middle east . 
  eu was willing to sacrifice greece even though of this geo-political threat as greece may have turned to russia post-grexit and caused chaos in the eu . 
  even then merkel was willing to kick greece out . 
  economic wise , it is likely in germany 's long-term interest to destroy uk 's economy , germany/ireland would absorb all the london financial service businesses and a weakened uk is good for germany/france . 
  i am not saying they will do anything but do n't be surprised if negotiations do n't go as planned and in fact turn into a war-like situation . 
  islam is evolving to be more extreme , the wahabi movement is only a little over a century old and modern extremist islam is a product of the last 20-30 years and it looks to be getting worse every year . 
  there is absolutely no signs of islam being more progressive , but in fact every single sign shows that it is becoming more regressive and defensive as it sees the non-islamic world as a threat . 
  not really , but the s-400 is an extremely complex unit using dozens of radar types , some of them classified ( allegedly ) . 
  they will likely sell an export version of the s-400 like they sold an export version of s-300 to greece which is not as powerful as the ones in russia . 
  you think it is having some kind of `` desired effect '' , it 's not . 
  merkel/hollande have complete power in negotiations and it might be in their interest for negotiations to go bad , both sides are not showing their cards yet . 
  edit : reason i say this is because this current ordeal reminds me a lot of the tsipras bailout negotiations when he first came into office , he did a lot of things to create a `` desired effect '' but it accomplished nothing but hurt greece , in the end he finally understood and listened to merkel . 
  i think he realized that merkel was more than willing to kick greece out of the euro and for greece to turn to shit in order to show other countries what happens when you cross the eu . 
  no problem , it really is an amazing island , and if you stay longer than a week you can take a weekend boat trip to the nearby island of kos , the capital there is very lively . 
  for rhodos , definitely visit palia poli ( old city ) in rhodos town , and lindos is probably one of the best beaches on earth with some nice ancient monuments around , faliraki town is a pretty fun party town , also has the largest waterpark in europe and some really fun beach parties every afternoon . 
  one thing though is to not get on motorcycles at night , it can be a bit dangerous . 
  rhodos , visit lindos and rhodos town for monuments and museums , and beaches are everywhere . 
  yeh but just because erdogan `` made peace '' with putin and israel does not mean much for the citizens who feel insulted by his actions . 
  just because putin decided this week to unblock the visa ban to turkey does not mean russian tourists will suddenly flock back , it will take a lot of energy and resources to accomplish that . 
  greece and albania will just stay quite about this whole affair for the most part , turkey wants to build a pipeline into albania through greece so both governments will not say much to cause tensions . 
  you can be both tbf . 
  [ the dutch reaction after hearing this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgtsa18z3wc ), 
  ( also we must ignore he was the main figure-head behind the armenian , assyrian and greek genocides ), 
  greece will likely send in special forces as it has done before in situations like this .
