   does n't mean that everything is ok i know , the biggest problem for greece now is to end this never-ending uncertainty . 
  as long as there is even a 0.0001 % chance greece could exit the euro then foreign investment will always be very cautious . 
  i really hope syriza concludes these negotiations soon and begins to push for foreign investment , otherwise things could go bad . 
   , how many reforms have they done so far ? 
  european commission president : [ `` greeks made more reforms than northern europeans '' ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2017/02/12/european-commission-president-greeks-made-more-reforms-than-northern-europeans/ )  no country in europe has achieved more progress than greece on the issue of competitiveness , said european commission president jean-claude juncker on saturday . 
  around 50 % of bailout reforms have been completed with the other 50 % to be completed as a single package likely in next few months to conclude bailout review . 
  protest against corruption does nothing . 
  greece `` protested '' corruption by destroying the two dominant parties in greece for the last 30 years and voting in syriza whose entire basis was as the `` anti-corruption '' party . 
  an entire political movement was created from the protests of 2008-2012 . 
  syriza would need 20 years to just scratch the surface of all the corruption in greece so it still requires time and there already has been dozens of high profile corruption cases from syriza that have successfully gone to courts . 
  greek economy grew in 2016 , and is on target to grow by 2-3 % in 2017 . 
  british tabloids are making this story up to continue their anti-eu propaganda . 
  not saying greece is fine but it did not `` shrink unexpectedly '' , fake news . 
  cats are also theorized to have assisted the first humans in fertile crescent to create large farms and store the food safely due to cats killing all the rats and other rodents that threatened the food . 
  there has to be a reason ancient egyptians viewed them as holy creatures . 
   almost as civilized as colonizing and invading the region of anatolia and then claiming it as `` greek '' . 
  anatolia was not greek , but the aegean coast was greek . 
  how hard is that to understand ? 
  also there is a massive difference of a raiding party doing horrible shit to a village during a war and a systematic killing of minorities by government in which millions died . 
  only if they bring back coin pouches back into fashion , i want to be carrying a gucci coin pouch off my belt . 
  you do not need to flog yourself to make up for the crimes of your ancestors , but at least accept that armenian and greek genocides were horrible acts , even if you think they were a `` necessary evil '' . 
   it was necessary evil . 
   sorry , you had to go . 
  i know one thing for sure , the sicilian families are the ones pulling the strings across europe 's drug trade . 
  it is estimated they generate 50 billion euros a year in the trade and they have their people spread all over europe . 
  like the old saying goes , when you do n't hear much about the mafia is when they are doing their most work . 
  96 % of opium world production is from afghanistan . 
  pre 9/11 it was only around 20 % , since the american invasion afghanistan has become the heroin mecca . . totally a coincidence i am sure . 
  maybe not an invasion but it would be really nice if turkey could go just one week without acting like north korea . 
  throwing axes all day the franks would always charge the enemy with their throwing axe and break the enemies shields/armor to start a fight . 
   the byzantine historian procopius ( c. 500 -- 565 ) described the franks and their use of throwing axes :  ... each man carried a sword and shield and an axe . 
  now the iron head of this weapon was thick and exceedingly sharp on both sides while the wooden handle was very short . 
  and they are accustomed always to throw these axes at one signal in the first charge and thus shatter the shields of the enemy and kill the men , 
  hot spaniard refugees, 
  erdogan has countless tricks up his sleeves to counter a peaceful movement . 
  all he needs to do is send some of his isis comrades to an event and no more protests . 
  he is not stupid , he knows the limits to the game although he keeps pushing the boundaries with his attempt at creating a pseudo royal dynasty with his family . 
  for me the problem was never nicotine addiction , it was an addiction to the ritual of smoking . 
  getting that nice smelling tobacco packet , rolling a nice looking cig which is always fun , lighting it up , then slowly smoking it and keeps my hands busy . 
  this gets re-posted once every 2 months and 50 % of the comments are bashing greece like this poll represents the opinion of every single greek person on earth . 
  and it was the right choice , you can never compromise with islamic fascists . 
  macedonia and the islands are the two most hardcore nationalist places in greece , like odessa ( i think ) is for ukraine . 
  a better analogy would be if western thrace muslims rose up with turkey . 
  even then it would be a bitter pill to accept so i understand the anger . 
  would ukraine even want it back is the true question . 
  why would you want a rebellious region that will only give you headaches and lead likely to more conflict in the future ( 50 + years from now ) . 
  by holding onto the need to take back this land , ukraine is playing russia 's game , as it will just lead to eternal conflict and ukraine never joining nato or eu , which is exactly what russia wants . 
  ukraine could just say fuck it and give up the land and join nato/eu , although i know how hard it would be for general population to accept the loss . 
  in the long-term it would be a smart move instead of playing this russian game . 
  every single financial indiciator for greece in 2016 was positive , lower unemployment , surplus that beat targets and foreign investment flooding in for the first time in a decade . 
  [ source  ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2017/02/13/european-commission-expects-2-7-growth-in-greek-economy-in-2017/ )  the greek economy grew 0.3 percent in 2016 and is expected to grow by 2.7 percent this year and by 3.1 percent in 2018 , the european commission said in its winter forecasts . 
    the eu 's executive , in a report released on monday , said that the greek economy 's picture was improved compared with the commission 's autumn estimates which saw a 0.3 percent contraction of the greek gdp in 2016 . 
    the country 's fiscal deficit is expected to fall to -1.1 percent of gdp in 2016 , from a -2.5 percent autumn estimate , to remain stable in 2017 and to turn into a 0.7 percent surplus in 2018 . 
    the greek public debt is expected to reach 179.7 percent of gdp in 2016 ( down from a previous estimate of 181.6 percent in autumn ) , falling to 177.2 percent in 2017 and to 170.6 percent in 2018 . 
    the unemployment rate is projected to fall from 23.4 percent of the workforce in 2016 to 22 percent in 2017 and to 20.3 percent in 2018 . 
    the inflation rate is expected to be zero in 2016 , rising to 1.3 percent in 2017 and to 1.0 percent in 2018 . 
    finally , investments are projected to rise significantly by 12 percent in 2017 and by 14.2 percent in 2018 , from 4.0 percent in 2016 . 
    source : ana-mpa  right now there is political stale-mate between imf , eu and greek government regarding bailout and debt relief . 
  greek government is accusing eu/imf in stalling negotiations due to upcoming elections in europe and eu wants greece to conclude all reforms , with around 50 % of agreed to reforms still not implemented , although syriza wants to to pass all remaining reforms as a single package alongside debt relief plan . 
  if greece was to be kicked out of the euro it would have happened under varoufakis , it will not happen under tsakalatos . 
  i always found it interesting how little murder there is in southern europe considering how hot-blooded and hard-headed we are . 
  eu is better than nato anyway . 
  which is funny considering how much blood greece has spilled to protect europe just over the last century and the fact greece is one of only 3-4 countries with an actual military in europe . 
   with their opponent in the background . 
  you sound like we are at war with russia . 
  it feels like many people ** want ** cold war 2.0 to happen . 
  a lot of brexit people claim they will not move to frankfurt because it is a `` boring city '' and nobody would ever want to leave london . 
  that may be a fair point for some ( frankfurt is beautiful btw ) , but what they do n't realize is that the ceo 's and leaders of these massive forex and hedge fund traders could not give two shits if their grunt workers are stuck in a `` boring city '' , the top guy 's in these organizations are going all over europe , they do not care if some guy they hire is bored in germany . 
  all that matters to them is the bottom line and frankfurt will likely be the biggest winner of brexit . 
  ever see wolf of wall street ? 
  like matthew mcconaughey amazing cameo stated , all that financial services stuff does not exist in reality , it is just a bunch of computer inputs and wire transfers , there is nothing solid about that industry . 
  these people will leave in a second if a better opportunity arises , not saying they will . 
  but germany is showing itself to be very agressive in acquiring these large traders that reside in london ( for convenience ) . 
  it was a record high ... 24 million, 
  do you take credit card ? 
  i thought you were our bros , irish still got our backs . 
  debt relief will be made for now by lowering interest rates , not by a write off of the debt , at least for now . 
  this is what is being discussed in current negotiations, 
  debt relief will be made after all reforms are implemented . 
  most likely early 2019 . 
  that was a warning if the current negotiations fail which wo n't happen since everything is going fairly smoothly . 
  greece has implemented 50 % of reforms and current negotiations are to implement remaining 50 % as a single package . 
  that article is click bait at best . 
  i 'm ok with that . 
  you are a turkish ultra-nationalist that also claims the genocides of armenians and greek christians by muslim turks was justified due to them `` revolting '' . 
  millions of christians killed by muslim forces and it is rarely brought up , also 99 % of turks believe it was justified which is the worst part , imagine if germans felt the holocaust was justified today . 
  yes , and they just received a ton of money from the eu development fund to make a serious under-taking to get this realized soon . 
  that is where greece/syriza is putting a lot of resources . 
  azerbaijan is building a pipeline ( 2nd largest gas reserves on earth ) through turkey and then into greece , from there it will split between thessaloniki lng terminal and also a pipeline will go across all of greece and to albania , and from there an underwater pipeline to italy , then austria , etc. 
  greece is also the # 1 owner of lng ships on earth , around 20-25 % of world market and also # 1 buyer in lng new ships basically every year for the last decade . 
  only problem is it will take until 2020 to see this realized , and 2030 to reach max capacity . 
  only grannies drink that , it 's frappe ( iced coffee ) . 
  `` i 'm just trying to drink my fucking frappe in peace you assholes '', 
  how awesome would it be if spain was our neighbor ? 
  i am more worried about trump calling the eu `` the consortium '' like it is some evil axis power . 
  erdogan the immortal himself fired the cannons , i am sure you will be learning that in your schools soon . 
  i thought you were banned for denying the armenian genocide anyway ? 
  i 've only been there a few times so do n't know to much about the history , i just really love that place , it feels like a living museum if that makes sense . 
  if turkey can maintain this deal and be seen as a reliable partner , anything can happen . 
  [ some more pics ] ( https://joysofjordan.wordpress.com/2012/09/30/rhodes-greece-2/ ) [ random alley ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1a/street_of_knights_\\ ( rhodes \\ ) _ 01 . jpg ) [ main square ] ( http://www.gtp.gr/mgfiles/location/image32970[9094].jpg ) [ square at night ] ( http://www.rhodesinfo.eu/images/photogallery/rhodes_town/rhodes_town_18.jpg ) there are still 5,000 permanent residents within the castle walls that live within the castle , over a 100 little stores , bars and clubs so the castle city is active almost 24 hours a day with different activities to do .
