  summer of 2015 : greek crisis summer of 2016 : turkey crisis summer of 2017 : ??? 
  take your bets, 
  i was n't being literal, 
  the eu machine requires months of negotiations just to agree on which pen to use for signing documents . 
  but that is why it works also , better to fight with bureaucrats than guns . 
  the interests payment is what kills greece right now , the main goal of the government is to show that with a re-adjustment of debt/interest payments it can re-build with these large surpluses . 
  i think 2018 earliest , it will take at least a year of negotiations alone and i doubt they will start until early 2017 . 
  i do n't get your statement . 
  tourists cause instability ? 
  do you take credit card ? 
  greece does n't control its books , it has n't in years . 
  the new normal, 
  only the aegean coast region was historically greek, 
  well there is a reason why greeks are considered one of the most successful immigrant groups in anglo-sphere , probably only behind chinese and italians . 
  i was n't jesting , he is clearly pretty damn intelligent . 
  he knows fluent ancient greek and latin , on a professor level , climbed his way to political dominance and is still seen as a `` goof '' , i learned from bush jr. that these are just actors playing a role and boris 's role is `` goofy messy hair boris '' aka `` just a normal guy '' . 
  i was half joking also , i think putin is insane enough to meddle in turkey like this . 
  i would not be surprised of claims of russian involvement in this coup . 
  [ the plan is in motion ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6qg6yrq.jpg ), 
  everyone underestimates him , that is his greatest strength , like littlefinger . 
  they are guarded and either way they are locked down to prevent any serious use of them as they are intended . 
  the real danger would be if they got into the hands of some rogue militias who broke them apart and used the radioactive material to make a bunch of small dirty bombs . 
  this will either end quickly and without much trouble or turkey is heading to a 10 year civil war . 
  france has 200 + deaths so far in last 12 months , so russia is still safer . 
  there was makedon before their rise to an empire , that is 100 % in greece , when they made their expansion , they pushed up north , even then they barely entered fyrom territory , less than 50 km i believe , maybe less . 
  i have absolutely nothing against them loving makedon history , but when they say that makedon and greeks/greece are two completely two different things they lose my patience . 
  it is like they have no idea what happened after alexander the great 's death . 
  which was the pinnacle of greek civilization for 2-3 centuries until rome came . 
  i bet they do n't even know that makedon led all the greeks in the four greek-roman wars over the span of 100 years . 
  they think makedon history was this 20 year vacuum and they pick and choose quotes from alexanders enemies to support their stance . 
  fyrom territory was never part of the historical kingdom , only a few kilometers i believe at most , all of ancient macedonia is within greece , and the largest region in greece is called macedonia . 
  that 's why we need china to help us do business , we ca n't work together . 
  weird how greeks are haters , yet albanians can never stop talking or even attempting to infiltrate and take over that country . 
  cyprus confirmed for atlantis, 
  this is just the new normal i suppose, 
  that sounds nice , good restoration is not a bad thing , there is a ton of restoration on the acropolis , i do n't think people understand how fragile these buildings actually are . 
  greece will win it again one day , at some point in the next thousand years . 
  deutsche bank is one of those `` too big to fail '' banks so i would n't worry to much , although merkel should consider splitting up the bank and make it more manageable . 
  yeh , but the brexit was not just a government decision but the majority of brits voted out , a firm declaration would not cut it because the markets would still be worried of a majority push for brexit in the future due to the majority vote . 
  it would help a bit sure but it would likely be better long-term to exit eu asap and re-build from there , in 5-10 years uk can be in an excellent position , if it just waits 5-10 years in the eu it will stagnate . 
  i do n't think a firm declaration will cut it , it will still keep uk in a `` grey zone '' as far as the markets are concerned , uk will stagnate under those conditions . 
  as far as the markets are concerned the uk has exited the eu . 
  yet there is no violence against the millions of israeli tourists that come to greece every year . 
  i am not saying you are wrong but how can israeli 's consider greece/cyprus their favorite/safest vacation region yet greeks are anti-semites ? 
  greeks also managed to save around 20 % of their jewish population during the holocaust . 
  there was never any doubt . 
  investor confidence and long-term stability is ** everything ** in the financial market , uk depends on confidence and stability since london financial markets is the core of the british economy . 
  as long as this `` in between state '' exists where uk is neither in our out of the eu , it will create a long-term downtrend in the markets and it will accelerate , since it is like a self-fullfilling prophecy ( low confidence in long-term ) uk must exit the eu asap and rebuild , the quicker the better for them since they can re-build fairly quickly if they do this asap , the longer the wait the harder the rebuilding process will be . 
  i ca n't blame him , hans who opens this skit is speaking greek with a very strong `` german accent '' . 
  this is a greek comedy group , hans the german character is speaking greek but with a fake `` german accent '' , it is pretty funny . 
  if they want to find a way they will ( in regards to article 7 ), 
  i do n't think it is about historical animosities , eu was inflexible with greece and it almost caused a total fall-out but it is not because of animosity , it was strictly business with them . 
   if they go through with it . 
  they have to now , this event has caused a market downtrend , it will stay that way as long as uncertainty remains . 
  the best course for uk now is to leave the eu and re-gain confidence in the markets so it becomes stable again . 
  of course there would be massive incentives for doing it , nation-states could focus on making quality of life better for its citizens if so much was n't wasted on military and banking corruption . 
  [ everything will depend on how well this goes ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/210207/article/ekathimerini/news/eu-parliament-backs-new-border-force ) , i think ( hope ) the eu realizes that the eu will break-up unless something is done now , and this could be it . 
  greece has effectively handed over their border to the eu . 
  why not something in between with a military , banking and external border agency , etc union 's but not a `` super-state '' , just more integration on the infrastructure level and allow each country to keep their identity . 
  it would require all member states to vote uk out of the union . 
  i ca n't see it happening for another 2-3 years but it is technically possible . 
  that is why greece is such a headache , you can not unilitarely kick greece out because of cyprus , since they would never vote with other 26 member states on that issue . 
  yup , this is good for greece , bad for consumers in europe but greece is playing by the rules . 
  it is the same how greece tried to stop germany from allowing chinese imported honey to be labaled as `` made in germany '' because it was packaged in germany and was competing against organic honey grown in greece . 
  this is something i hear from people from rom , apparently is in every hsitory book there . 
  no the greeks did not view him as barbarian , there was no such thing as a unified `` greek '' country , ideology , etc. 
  from the evidence i have seen it appears that a notable athenian statesmen viewed them as barbarians which is possible . 
  one reason being that makedons had a monarchy system which the democratic athenians associated with barbarism and secondly the makedons were a bunch of sheep herders who rose to immense power within a few decades and was challenging athens who saw themselves as the god given rulers of all greeks . 
  the important thing is what happened after alexander the great died ? 
  that is simple , the absolute pinnacle of greek civlization . 
  this is when all the great empire building of greeks happened , alexandria in egypt was built , massive amount of land divided by greek families and ruled by them , spreading greek culture , art and education . 
  so i think this statement `` greeks viewed makedons as barbarians '' as a half truth . 
  it is possible that a number of athenian intellectuals saw them as such but as a whole . 
  no way . 
  the northern greek tribes rallied around phillip almost immediately and makedon had a very long history in greece long before philip/alexander , including participating in olympic games and past wars . 
  anyone not a gullible tourist, 
  maybe erdogan understands now that the only way to defeat isis is with assad and putin, 
  [ i imagine shaeuble would react like this to that question ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=parfcjqclcc ), 
  juncker was a complete piece of shit during the greek crisis last summer also . 
  he would often make vieled threats to the general greek population and acted like a schoolyard bully to tsipras during interviews and press time . 
  i understand you have to be tough , but there is no need to act like a bully or an asshole , just be diplomatic and mature like merkel , keep it business not personal . 
  wales is going to win this , i have a feeling, 
  the lack of denbt banter is [ irregular ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qh6uzoe.png ), 
  shauble has already said a debt haircut is viable under the right circumstances . 
  it is also not a a default since it is not all the debt that will be wiped out . 
  most likely interest rates will be slightly cut and payments will be extended with some old debt on the books from decades ago taken off . 
  it will just make things a bit more sustainable but there wo n't be a default from a haircut , a debt haircut is more of a program to make payments more sustainable . 
  until its a weekly thing . 
   the fact that our government ca n't do a thing about this wrong imo , erdogan can make peace with assad and create a kurdish state within syria and he takes care of 2 birds with 1 stone since you can then deport all the illegal syrians within turkey to this new state . 
  i think most akp voters would support it if it meant an ending to these bombings . 
  he sounds very confused . 
  he said greece would need a new bailout but greece just signed the bailout deal last summer ( merkel-tsipras midnight deal ) and completed the bailout review few weeks ago with the first loan tranche delivered this week . 
  and the current bailout runs until 2018/2019 . 
   greece also needs another bailout i know there is a lot of confusion , but i do n't think you understand the current situation . 
  greece agreed with eu last summer for a new bailout ( the merkel-tsipras deal at midnight ) it was agreed that the bailout loans would be given in tranches once greece completed its bailout review , that is what took place the last 12 months and finally concluded a few weeks ago . 
  greece just received its first eu loan in something like 4-5 years this week and the current bailout will run until 2018/19 . 
  there is no discussion for a new bailout since this one will run through 2018/2019 . 
  most of them have massive secret savings in offshore accounts , like in switzerland or london . 
  there is now a deal for swiss authorities to share that info with greek government but starting next year , and i am not sure if this applies to old accounts , it may possibly only be that starting next year only new accounts will be reported . 
   now i 'm not sure what we have .
