  like i said , greek culture is not just eating baklava and bullshitting in outdoor cafes . 
  culturally there are vast differences . 
  do you think greek culture is eating baklava and drinking coffee ? 
  also that pick you used is mis-leading , the turkish portrait looks like an average mediterannean person from either spain , portugal , greece or southern italy . 
  in case anyone is wondering why the bailout review is taking so long to complete , it is because the bailout review is essentially a 10 + year plan for greece which includes structural reforms and investment/privitization 's , so it is fairly complicated negotiations . 
  which really is n't the worst thing . 
  it is the fact that is a campaign to turn erdogan into a dictator that is enraging people . 
  if this was a rally for a democratic leader who was sane there would not be this type of reaction . 
  a dictator should not campaign in foreign countries like erdogan is doing . 
  nobody really knows that , so far none of the debt has ever been written off . 
  and some of these debts go back a century for greece . 
  not even greek government is bringing up the possibility of a write-off of the debt , only that the debt is re-structured to become more manageable with lower interest rates . 
  norway just managed to do everything right from the start . 
  this is one of the biggest economic projects in greece in decades , if not ever ( not really sure ) . 
  i think the goal is turn a part of athens into a `` mini-monaco '' , a luxury resort town to attract foreign tourists , with easy boat access . 
  we have a cooler cross design though . 
  i would not say it is anti-turkish but it has been fairly tense recently . 
  i think the turkey referendum to make erdogan essentially a dictator and his response to germany/netherlands has gotten nerves high . 
  [ nothing bad happened !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sacn_bcj8tq ), 
  he also argues that turkey should invade greek islands . 
  turkey literally almost went to war with russia to keep an open border with isis/al-nusra as to keep fueling them with weapons and materials in exchange for killing kurds . 
  that is terrorism . 
  we will build a giant wooden horse and leave ominously in front of merkel 's residence . 
   whenever someone drops a kebab in germany , the german embassador to turkey is summoned . 
  i like to imagine this is true, 
  i think the reason people are pissed is because it is a vote to make erdogan an official dictator . 
  right , and you said `` essentially the same '' , which are 100 % wrong . 
  i have seen documentaries on turkish food and it is very exotic compared to greece , which uses almost no spices or really anything exotic in its dishes . 
  gyros and kebab are basically the balkan version of hamburger and baklava the balkan version of apple/pumpkin pie . 
  souvlaki ( meat on a stick ) is something dating back thousands of years and was a common dish throughout antiquity/middle ages though-out the region . 
  greek cuisine is fairly simple , local meats and fish in simple dishes , like other guy said , turkish cuisine is much more exotic . 
  chicken/potatos and pasta is basically the majority of food greek mothers make . 
  yeh , the frappe in op 's pick is a fairly shitty one , probably tastes like crap . 
  i make some really good frappe 's , with a nice amount of milk and sugar . 
  frappe , it 's an iced coffee that has been the main coffee drink in greece for decades . 
  there wo n't be a choice on who enters the tier by a `` higher power '' , that 's now how eu works . 
  first the two-tier system will be debated in eu parliament for the next 2-3 years and will have to be approved by all 27 member-states . 
  member states during the debate will make their choice in which tier they will want to be otherwise they could veto the entire thing . 
  i think the answer is somewhere in the middle , with an `` austerity-lite '' , but also with a more broader investment and economic plan , which also includes other balkan states . 
  in greece 's case , it will be a re-structuring of the debt to make it more manageable long-term , this includes bundling many debts into eu-backed packages that will have better interest rates for greece . 
  this helps greece because previously the debt re-payments would come in `` spikes '' , so nothing for a few months , then 2-4 billion owed in a 6 week span , and same again a few months later . 
  with eu-backed `` debt packages '' the debt re-payments will be made in a more smooth way so it is more predictable and manageable . 
  one major aspect would be economy in a two tier eu . 
  tier a would obviously be led by germany , with a german appointed finance minister which has virtual control of all tier a countries economic policy . 
  this means the eu ( tier a ) fm would have approval or veto power over a nations budget policy . 
  the benefits of a common economic policy would also include investments , but more importantly security ( which is what foreign investors want ) . 
  something like which happened in greece wouldnt be possible since greece would have to get every budget approved , which is already happening currently under bailout so not much would change . 
  greece is probably the most pro-eu country in the union , it would 100 % be for a fully integrated union if it was up to the people . 
  i want scenario 5, 
  i wish they would but i do n't think it is a smart long-term strategy regardless . 
  the next 10-15 years in eu policy will be aimed at bringing together economic policy to have a more unified approach , things like a banking union and an eu appointed finance minister will likely be coming within the next few years . 
  they wo n't allow member states to have a race to the bottom approach to corporate tax . 
  it 's nice for the islands , especially as a rental . 
  very neutral title, 
  yeh like portugal or spain , preferabbly ones that havent built their `` economic miracle '' on the backs of a worldwide corporate tax evasion scheme like ireland . 
   `` grey wolves '' i would say easily 60-80 % of turkish youth agree with grey wolves ideology , they basically replaced islamism with ottomanism . 
  bunch of ultra-nationalist genocide deniers with grandeur visions of conquering europe and middle east . 
  they are a threat , now and moreso in the future . 
  on the other hand you have statements like this [ `` greeks made more reforms than northern europeans '' ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2017/02/12/european-commission-president-greeks-made-more-reforms-than-northern-europeans/ ) the # 1 issue that is fucking greece right now are these never-ending negotiations and fear of collapse . 
  nobody will ever invest in greece seriously as long as there is even a 0.000000000001 % chance greece could leave the euro . 
  as long as this fear exists that it is even a possibility , foreign investors will not take the risk . 
  there is massive opportunities for investments in greece , especially in the tourism sector but there can be no action taken until negotiations are done and stability is reached so that fear is taken away and investors can feel safe about investing in greece . 
   you better believe russia wiould back turkey in order to throw eu into disarray if you think russia will attack greece to help you . 
  dear god you are delusional . 
  i like heineken , i do n't like very heavy tasting beers so it is pretty refreshing . 
  greece does n't need usa , it has an alliance with eu and also an informal alliance with israel , egypt and cyprus . 
  i thought he was a man of the common people . 
  this kind of extravagance will alienate some of his supporters . 
  when you absolutely need to get cancer cause you are sick of life , this is a safe bet . 
  can you ask him how the challenger is ? 
  i want to get the challenger k2 for the summer and wanted to know how sturdy it was . 
  cyprus or maybe crete would be great if you can find cheap airplane tickets . 
  that 's haram mate . 
  you mean nikos teslapoulos ? 
  in ancient and modern greek , xanthos is a term to describe light hair , anywhere from a dark dirty blonde which is fairly common in greece to a very light nordic blonde which is uncommon in greece . 
  it is like the debate if alexander the great was blonde as he is described as xanthos but he was in fact a very dark dirty blonde , as you can see in [ the only known portrait of him ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/8d/d1/08/8dd1087a0a7d53fed35e6a80f1e259a8.jpg ), 
   but there 's no way that the greek tribes looked different from each other are you including cretans and southern islanders also ? 
  minoans and their descendants which populated sparta looked fairly different than central and northern greek tribes . 
  `` do you promise this money will go to charity as you agreed to ? '', 
  greek : `` umm . 
  yes !, 
  every single euro '' [ meanwhile , later that evening ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfwkrfnnqv0 ), 
  is n't britain sticking its middle finger to eu the last two years a form of `` over-extending '' ? 
  you are thinking that the eu wants a gentle and simple divorce . 
  the fact is that they are preparing for a `` salt the earth '' campaign against britain in negotiations , they do not want a deal , they want to inflict as much pain as possible to dissuade the other 27 member states from doing something stupid and leaving the union . 
  this is much more about the uk and about 60 billion , for the powers that be within the eu , the entire future of the eu is at stake with these negotiations and i think they have chosen a war-like approach with regards to uk . 
  this is going to get very nasty , very soon . 
  it makes much more sense when you realize that eu powers that be may be aiming for a war-like strategy in negotiations with the goal of causing as much tension and grief to the uk to persuade other eu nations to never even think of exiting the eu . 
  the old way , 1 champion from denmark vs 1 champion from sweden , whoever wins takes control of both nations for 4 years and then new champions fight for control . 
  majority of refugees are on welfare and will likely never work a day in their life , at least ones from certain countries . 
  southern and eastern euros are taking most of the mid and upper level qualification jobs and even the low end jobs . 
  this is around the time greeks sent missionaries to the rus to convert them to glorious orthodoxy . 
  also i imagine the `` finnish tribes '' area is just a bunch of people in elvish costumes killing each other with bows n arrows . 
  oh and rip armenia, 
  who said they ever quit ? 
  they just changed location . 
  reintegrating a bunch of barbarian beheaders is like trying to put back one of the heads they chopped off and hoping they come back to life . 
  these people are legends in their jihad ghettos , all the kids will look up to them like hero 's and their war stories will be shared with amazement . 
  they will radicalized thousands of youths .
