  after countless `` internal consumption '' speeches , there comes a time when you need to stop using that excuse . 
  of course they can . 
  but just do n't be surprised when every eu country votes in hard-right nationalists in response that view turkey as a terror state . 
  if turkey `` floods '' europe , then it would open pandoras box with dire consequences in the following decades . 
  either eu/turkey work together and learn to be allies or they are on a path to war . 
  there is no middle-ground . 
  turkey is threatening eu members . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  this mindset : `` terrorism is controlled , once in a while hundreds will die but that is nothing compared to driving/disease/etc '' . 
  is literally the # 1 way to get ultra right wing groups in power across europe . 
  if you ignore the masses fear they will revolt in the elections ( trump ), 
  free from the latvian menace . 
  that is too 20th century , now the ideal way to wage war is through subversion and instigating civil war . 
  it would be the beginning of the end for turkey . 
  nope, 
  firstly refugees are still flowing into greece , maybe not as bad as 2014/2015 but still enough to say that erdogan/turkey is not holding their end of the deal . 
  secondly turkey can not hold this refugee crisis as blackmail forever over europe . 
  hopefully a solution can be found to hold these illegals in some camps on libyan soil . 
  you never let them step foot on european land transfer them directly from their dinghies onto larger boats which would take daily trips to libyan refugee camp operated by eu . 
  do n't let them step foot on european land , transfer them from dinghies to large boats , which would take trips to libyan refugee camps to drop them off . 
  after a few weeks , no more refugees and erdogan will bend the knee and beg for forgiveness . 
   they wo n't do anything economic . 
  if turkey starts acting like north korea than it is the only option . 
  declaring turkey a terror state/supporter of terror , massive sanctions , stopping all flights between europe/turkey , all trade deals , basically treating turkey like north korea . 
  sit back and watch the fireworks . 
  you seriously think you have power over the eu ? 
  turkey 's entire economy is dependent on the eu , if you open the floodgates , it would force the eu to find a solution to the refugee flow and then massive sanctions across the board on turkey to likely instigate a civil war in turkey . 
  if you push eu , there will be a massive ultra-right wing movement in europe and they would all view turkey as a terror state and quickly afterwards there will be military action either instigating civil conflict in turkey or a full blown invasion . 
  you have much much more to lose than eu , including your nation as a whole in the long-term . 
  turkey needs to understand it is not a power and must fall in line behind the eu , otherwise there will be dire long term consequences of the worst kind . 
  stop with the macho bravado turk nationalist bullshit and understand that you need to work with eu as an ally and partner , otherwise there wo n't be a happy ending for turkey , the `` floodgates '' if opened would be the beginning of the end of the turkey . 
  warning to turkey that real sanctions will take place if turkey goes against refugee deal . 
  both sides need to work together , so hopefully erdogan does n't overreact . 
  that would just lead to turkey being sanctioned . 
  turkey can still be a partner and ally of eu . 
  if you see this as a chance to start radical anti-europe actions , you have infinitely more to lose than eu . 
  it would likely force a newly built eu army to patrol aegean , and once turkey loses this blackmail it has nothing left and would be isolated . 
  eu post brexit will be far stronger , far from crumbling . 
  he is turning into sadam hussein , not really cute . 
  the heat is bearable if you are within walking distance of a beach , otherwise it 's hell . 
  got my popcorn, 
  surfing now is the best , nice empty beaches . 
  going to the beach is mandatory , otherwise you do n't get your weekly 1,000 euros from germany allowance . 
  i do n't think greece has been part of the qe program yet but is still trying to get in and might be very soon . 
  tbf if clinton won , i 'd already be in one of those ww2 bunkers waiting , with trump i will wait and see . 
  the point is that greece was in a great position to use the cheap loans to build a solid economy but the government used all the cheap loans to buy votes and ruined the economy . 
  that is why i find it funny how people still want new democracy to win . 
  they were responsible for abusing these loans in the first place . 
  it 's easy when you spend almost nothing on military and never will and glady depend on others for your safety . 
  greece was required to build the largest air-force and tank force and 3rd largest navy to protect its land and is also responsible for balkans and eastern med under nato command . 
  nearly 300-500 billion euros spent to protect european borders . 
  . if greece spent 10-20 billion euros in that same time period like other countries of similair size there likely would be no crisis ( or at least smaller crisis ) . 
  that is a myth , greece was very capable of joining the euro when it joined . 
  the problem was the government abusing entry into the euro and bankrupting the state with artificially low interest rate loans . 
  if greek government was responsible post-entry there would be no problem , but it is a myth that greece was not ready pre-entry , there was a solid foundation but it was destroyed pretty quickly afterwards . 
  you can get gay marriage , but it would have to be followed by execution . 
  once brexit happens , i expect a banking union to be in place within 2-3 years , same with military union . 
  the first step is to create a banking and military union which would take massive pressure off of national governments and allow them to be more efficient at improving quality of life in other areas . 
  then once everything is settled and eu is basically one giant healthy economy , there should be huge investments in tech and science . 
  europe needs to create its own google , apple , ibm , hp , etc. 
  i imagine erdogan listening to 2pac all day and scheming . 
  return east, 
  they do , they just get smuggled through , albanian/greek gangs are making billions smuggling these people out . 
  where king robert killed rhaygar targareyan . 
  the damage is already done . 
  1st/2nd/3rd world is n't just about how much salary a year the average is , there are more factors . 
  every country in the eu is 1st world since there are living standards outside of just average salary . 
  eu is bound by international law to assist these migrants , although it is not bound by law to accept all of them . 
  if v4 had any common sense they could negotiate a deal where they will accept some migrants and in return they will demand extremely strict measures in processing migrants . 
  do you really think anyone in greece thinks v4 or eastern europeans would ever assist greece in a war ? 
  the main allies for greece protection are usa , uk , cyprus and israel . 
  there is absolutely no way v4 would take a huge hit on their economy for greece , like how greece is taking a huge hit in the economy from russian sanctions . 
  i think migrant crisis and russian crisis are equally important . 
  migrant crisis is the only thing that can take down the eu , not even russia can achieve that . 
  by saying that greece and italy are to blame and that they should handle everything on their own that would be like saying that greece and italy should ignore v4 's problem with russia . 
  80 % of their navy are old anti-mine ships , so no . 
  imo , greece and italy should veto all russian sanctions if v4 do not want to assist both countries with the migrants . 
  we are not talking about millions of migrants here , only 100-200 are coming into greece now a week , it is not like 10,000 are coming like v4 believe . 
  100-200 a week spread out through europe is very easy to do and they are all vetted to make sure they are genuine refugees , others get deported back to turkey as part of deal . 
  if v4 can not help greece/italy with such tiny amount of migrants and also causing political crisis by doing so then russian sanctions should be veto 'd . 
  these sanctions are hurting greece and italy more than any other countries in eu and we only do it to protect v4 . 
  if they do not want to help us i see absolutely no reason why russian sanctions should stay . 
  it would be great for both greece and italy to be able to normalize economic relations with russia again . 
  and also half the price of most wine , at least the locally made retsina wine by me is very cheap , i can get a small bottle for around 2-3 euros . 
  i really thought the klingon 's were supposed to be bad ass and then khan single-handedly wiped out an entire klingon squadron by himself in star trek beyond . 
  you can make greek island style frappe in around 45-60 seconds , maybe less . 
  [ all you need to do is put 2-4 spoons of the coffee mix in a cup ] ( https://www.amazon.com/nescafe-classic-instant-greek-coffee/dp/b0002azwx8 ) ( note that is the exact brand/mix you need ) put in 2-4 spoons of sugar and a splash of milk and [ then grind it up using this ] ( https://www.amazon.com/cuisinart-csb-75bc-blender-brushed-chrome/dp/b00arqvm5o/ref=sr_1_cc_2?s=aps&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1500475435&amp;sr=1-2-catcorr&amp;keywords=handheld+blender ) then you just add a bit more milk , 4-10 ice cubes and top it off with some water and done . 
  greek/turkish/arab / whatever coffee you want to call it is amazing if you use a good brand . 
  i 've tried out a few arab brands and they were terrible , way to dark and strong . 
  i brought some lebanese coffee recently which is done same way and it was just terrible . 
  i believe i tried out turkish brand once and it was ok . 
  but by far the best brand of coffee is loumidis , http://loumidisfoods.com/site_data/food/2015012710012988.jpg that is by far the best greek style coffee brand . 
  i also like to put the coffe in a big cup and put a good amount of milk in it which is not the traditional way to drink the coffee but it makes it last longer and it tastes great . 
  greek/turkish/arab / etc coffee has gone out of style in greece over the last few decades . 
  everyone mainly drinks frappe 's all day due to the heat . 
  at night time when going out with friends they usually order some fancy coffee or some times another frappe . 
  myself i drink both styles of coffee , the warm coffee for breakfast and then frappe throughout the day . 
  it is a possibility since the cosco-piraeus deal , this would be an extension of the piraeus deal . 
  anything is possible , but there is to much internal dysfunction between eastern ( kurd majority ) , central and western anatolia to achieve long-lasting democracy . 
  have you heard of the chinese silk-road project ?
