  it would be impossible to establish control of cyprus in a quick invasion or even a prolonged one . 
  you would need to watch videos from syria to understand why . 
  it 's not really nationalism , but the way the greek military infrastructure is built both equipment and ideology is for self-defense and preventing a steamroll situation , greece did not invest its military budget on equipment meant for invading . 
  also i am not saying turkish military is terrible , but the military culture there is also built for self-defense and making it impossible to steamroll them , not really for mass invasions . 
   and the turkish army would easily steamroll the greek army . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about , they ca n't steam-roll a bunch of farmers using 40 year old ak-47 's . 
  greece has one of the best trained militaries in the world and one of the best funded militaries also . 
  turkish military would never stance a chance in an offensive invasion into greek territory , just not happening . 
  the moment he does something there are about 3-4 countries that would assist cyprus such as greece , israel and uk and they would also flood tens of billions of euros worth of advanced weapons to kurdish opposition in turkey/syria . 
  he does talk about greek politicians in other interviews , he was brought on this british interview specifically for brexit questions about current negotiations . 
  syriza was created during the post-2008 protests and riots , mainly from activists of those protests , it has many politicians in the party but they were voted in because greeks saw them as not affiliated with the people who caused the crisis , they were not in government to keep tabs on anyone . 
  the `` left '' party of that time was pasok which were accomplices to nd government . 
  fair enough , most of those probably are kurds . 
  for me the traits of what i consider a greek native are large round eyes , straight nose and for men a thick beard and balding scalp . 
  greeks have the # 1 rate of baldness on earth , it has been a defining feature of greeks since ancient times , so i always see that as a genetic link . 
  many aegean turks that are native to the land could pass for balkanites but there are differences i have noticed , for one the average aegean turks that i have seen as a hybrid european-asiatic eye , more narrow than a greek eye but not asian either . 
  slightly curved nose is also common , not to extreme like eastern anatolians though , just a slight curve . 
  and i have never met a turk that could grow a very thick beard , it is mostly that pubic-hair type beard , although i have seen turkish celebrities that could grow a good beard , and baldness is pretty common but nowhere near the rate of greece . 
  a greek person with turkish ancestry that clearly shows these differences is mitroglu , slightly curved nose , more narrow eye and pubic-hair beard . 
  it will cost 10-15 billion to create the pipeline , but worth trillions in geo-political points against russia and turkey , definitely worth it . 
  also considering trump is trying to steal business from uk with his new tax plan , lowering corporate tax to 10-12 % . 
  no , turkey could never , never successfully invade greece mainland/islands . 
  it is one giant deathtrap , tens of billions in advanced weapons scattered across everywhere across the islands and mainland , especially the mountain ranges would be full of guerillas . 
  the last time greece was invaded was in ww2 , 300,000 axis troops with advanced weapons came into greece and fought a bunch of peasants using guns from 1800 's and the axis troops were massacred in the mountains . 
  and to not hurt your pride , greece could never in a million years sucessfully invade anatolia , as it is a giant death-trap also . 
  neither of us could invade each other . 
  this is not 1835 . 
  a single greek soldier with explosives training and a few kilos of plastic explosives can wreak havoc on hundreds of enemy troops , modern warfare is not about numbers , it is about strategy and using resources wisely . 
  turks think they can just go to some island and invade it in an afternoon . 
  try telling that to the hundred thousand people on each island would all go into the mountains and wreak havoc on enemy troops . 
  a single island invasion for anyone would be disatrous , it would be like syria x100 but instead of isis you 'll have a bunch of suicidal greeks with advanced weapons . 
  greece just ordered 500 million in upgrades to their already fairly modern f-16 's and also 10 f-35 's . 
  rhodos/kos is fun to island hop in between , castle city in rhodes capital is worth it alone and some of the best beaches on earth ( lindos/faliraki ), 
  greece has actually proven itself in battle with american forces under nato . 
  korean war , greece sent 1,000 men and received over 150 medals , mostly for extreme heroism and combat medals . 
  turkey sent a much larger force and received 1 medal , the same medal every country received for just agreeing to travel to korea . 
  greece owns the aegean , look at the border maps , greece , cyprus and israel combined control the entire eastern med and they have a defensive pact and train together regularly . 
  turkey is an islamic fascist state that will most likely be to unreliable and thus a kurdish state will have to be created so american forces can station there instead of a fascist state , then turkey would be absolutely useless , no control of the eastern med + no importance for bases any more after kurdish state is complete . 
  do n't forget the pipeline that is considered a `` priority eu project '' being built from cyprus/israel to crete , and from crete to main-land and then italy ( and then north ) . 
  erdogan and putin see this pipeline as a major threat to their little dictator dreams of controlling european supply through the two pipelines they already have planned . 
  [ faces of istanbul ] ( http://s30.postimg.org/7egdshfz5/istanbul.jpg ) , literally all look like gypsies, 
  dumbass , it 's easy to cherry pick stuff . 
  i can easily get pictures of turks that look like gypsies and a bunch of pictures of turks that look like europeans . 
  my point is that greece is not a homogenous country , some parts like crete/south aegean islands people are darker and more north like in central/thessaloniki area , it is more common to be pale . 
  i can go and find 10,000 pics of greeks that are pale and would never be confused with me people , and there are plenty of greeks that could be confused for me people . 
  the difference is the ratio . 
  95 % of greeks could pass as an italian , only 5-10 % of turks could ever pass as an italian . 
  most of the turks i have seen have gypsy features , i could go find a bunch of pics to prove that but wo n't waste my time . 
  the thing i find most insulting is that you assume that a olive-skinned greek is non-greek genetically when it 's proven in genetic studies that cretans who are the darkest greeks in the country are the closest genetically to ancient ancestors . 
  so if you saw a cretan who is most likely non-white you would assume they are non-greek but in fact they are the most likely people in greece to be the closest genetically to ancient greeks . 
  trump is already lowering it to 10-12 % , already tons of articles online on how it will hurt ireland so you would have to go to the 5-9 % range which would hurt uk tax revenue . 
  also eu can ban corporations for moving for tax avoidance purposes or make it very difficult for them . 
  cyprus has international law on its side , good luck . 
  oh and i forgot , in ancient and modern greece it is considered unhealthy to be pale white . 
  people who were pale in ancient and modern times are considered to be unhealthy , bedridden and/or mentally deficient . 
  there are many texts of this in ancient times , greeks saw foreigners paleness as exotic like in spartan texts , and there are other examples like this  aristotle in his physics defines graying as the process by which hair turns from dark to grey , furnishing some evidence that the hellenes had usually a dark hair color . 
  similarly , in sophocles ' antigone ( 1092-3 ) , the chorus of theban elders mentions that their hair has become white while it was formerly black , suggesting that , like in argos , the people of thebes had dark hair in youth . 
  the author of aristotelis physiognomica claims that both excessive paleness and excessive swarthiness are indicative of cowardice . 
  aristotle in the eudemian ethics mentions that `` some men are blue eyed ( glaukoi ) and others black eyed ( melanommatoi ) because a particular part of them is of a particular quality '' without assigning any moral superiority on either of the types . 
  in the same passage , he continues that the blue-eyed man ( glaukos ) does not see clearly , an error which illustrates that he did not believe in a superiority of blue-eyed individuals . 
  indeed , the greeks in general were somewhat repulsed by blue eyes , because of their rarity and association with disease ( cataract and glaucoma ) , as [ 39 ] , a complete study of all the uses of the adjective ( glaukos ) shows : ancient greece had 3 major population sources , first it was the cretans which were black/black hair/eyes , anatolians which founded athens had brown/brown hair/eyes and balkan types which had light to blonde hair which is common in thessaloniki area . 
  ancient/byzantine greeks were a mix of these three major genetic sources , greece is not a homogenous country so calling greeks brown or white is stupid , in some areas like crete or even cyprus it would be fair to call greeks brown ( as were the ancient natives there ) , but central/northern greeks i would not consider them brown like egyptians but they are also not pale white like irish , it mostly depends on the person and how much sun exposure they get . 
  turks try to think like they destroyed greeks , but you could never understand greek mentality or culture if you think that . 
  there is a reason why turkey looks like the middle east now and greece is only getting better every year . 
  nearly all the ancient tribes which migrated into the greek mainland around 1,000 bc came from anatolia , they were the ones that took out the cretans/southern greeks in the mainland and many islands . 
  90 % of turks i have seen look like average kurds , iranian , syrian , kazak type . 
  10 % could pass as balkan types . 
  ancient spartans called iranians pasty white in their texts , greece is the hottest part of europe you idiot . 
  have you seen greeks that live outside of greece ? 
  they become pale , look at all the greek nba players playing in usa . 
  t [ here are genetic link maps showing closeness of nations genetics ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kqxsmkk.jpg ) . 
  southern italians/greeks share the same spot and some jews are closest non-europeans to greek/south italians . 
  cypriots might be considered brown , at least 50 % of ones i have seen , but it depends on individual . 
  the only greeks i have seen that can not get pale white after not being in the sun for a year or two are cretans , and again its not all of them . 
  i do n't think you understand how much greeks despised turks throughout history and how the family structure in greece works . 
  a family would never raise some turk bastard as their own , no offense , even in modern day families are extremely conservative about things like this , and do n't take kindly to children marrying non-greeks , and this is 2017 . 
  now imagine hundreds of years ago where there was true vile hatred between our people . 
  turks on reddit try hard to make themselves seem european but when it fails they go back to attacking europeans , when in fact as you show you despise everything about europe just looking at your post history . 
  and no offense , but 95 % of turks i have seen would be considered gypsies if they came to greece and asked for help or something , at least people would mistake them for ones at first . 
  going to drachmas would have created a situation where greeks in tourism business that deal with euros would live in middle class life and everyone else who could only receive drachmas for their work would be poor , no matter how good or hard they worked . 
  it would have never worked out . 
  it is for tax purposes , so bars/restaurants do n't `` erase '' some of the money they made off the register . 
  middle east was reforming and modernizing at a rate close to the west in the 60 's and 70 's , and then they felt betrayed by the wars and regressed backwards and i ca n't blame them . 
  you basically tossed over a beehive , broke it open and the bees are going crazy . 
  of course you want to leave now . 
  yeh , no . 
  it 's a middle eastern influenced pop-song , it 's supposed to sound like it . 
  you have to think long-term , the entire middle east is going crazy with rise of islamic fascism , and israel is a strong and stable state that is 100 % on the side of eu/us . 
  israel , cyprus and greece have defensive pacts for example and do military training together every 2-3 months . 
   but perhaps we are at the stage of leaders preparing the ground for a no deal among their own electorates . 
  eu did the same with greece in summer 2015 negotiations with syriza , but tsipras eventually backed down , fired varoufakis , brought in tsakalatos and agreed to all of eu 's demands , including greece forming a 60 billion euro privitization fund . 
  uk will get the same treatment , eu will not back down from their red-lines like they did with syriza and uk will have to back down and accept them all including the 50 billion euro bill , a lot is at stake here just like it was with greece 2 years ago . 
  i also do n't think they realize how far eu is willing to go , eu is preparing for the `` nuclear '' option in negotiations which would lead to a trade war , and uk does n't understand that there is more at stake than just economic matters and trade deals . 
  [ my reaction ] ( https://youtu.be/dvmf6rwtffa?t=4s ), 
   mr macron has propose sweeping integration for the eurozone , including a budget and finance minister , moves which germany has consistently resisted i read somewhere very recently that merkel is in favor of creating a eu finance minister with shaeuble in that position . 
  there are different types of far-left , syriza is a good example of a left part that is based on the socialism vs capitalism issue but many other left parties in northern european countries especially focus primarily on race/gender/social politics than economic ones , at least from what i have seen . 
   the only reason leftists want them in europe is so they can feel good about themselves . 
  far-left types also despise european ( west ) culture , and blame it for all of the earth 's problems no matter how small or large . 
  they see a europe that is not controlled by europeans as the best outcome for their future `` utopia '' . 
  it may be fitting if you consider englands record in last few world cups .
