  i 've lived in both low sunlight/cold places outside of greece and in the southern aegean where its sunshine 300 days a year . 
  and it does make a massive difference in how you feel , at least for me . 
  not really all of it , there are some really beautiful little gems of villages scattered all around the mainland , usually the more rural ones . 
  greece averages around 300-400 migrants a week now , at its peak it was 10x worse , also around 30-50 every week are sent back to turkey as part of the deal and eu hopes to increase that number with the new processing camps being built on the islands so greece is doing what it can . 
  relocation will help with the migrants that arrived pre-eu/turkey deal . 
  sure , but it 's not up to greece , to achieve what you are saying greece and italy will have to break numerous international laws and it ca n't do that on its own . 
   and an overwhelming majority of czechs does not want to accept further mena muslims in the country . 
  and an overwhelming majority of greeks do n't want to accept russian sanctions which massively hurts greece along with italy the most . 
  imo , if v4 play hardball and do n't accept any migrants to help greece and italy then russian sanctions should be vetoed immediately and closer relations with russia should be achieved . 
  well it depends , the on the field officers in isis that coordinate the attacks are pretty good , they always seem to catch their enemies off guard . 
  at this point , paying the eu 50 billion euros in the settlement to kickstart real negotiations is n't such a bad idea , 50 billion is peanuts compared to the possible losses from no trade deal , it is more about pride now to avoid paying that 50 billion and it will be interesting to see what happens . 
  within a month sounds like an order , inside a month sounds better imo , as it opens the reader to see that it is still ongoing . 
  https://www.dailysabah.com/europe/2017/05/31/attack-on-german-soldiers-in-kabul-by-jordanians-more-serious-than-thought-new-video-shows   amid berlin 's alleged plan to relocate its troops from turkey 's \u0130ncirlik air base to jordan in response to ankara 's decision to bar officials from entering the base , a video exposed by bild reveals german soldiers being brutally beaten by jordanian troops in afghanistan it would be stupid to move bases to another hostile islamic nation , they will just have to move again in a few years . 
  turkey has done everything in its power to keep a border with isis active , smuggling tens of millions worth of weapons and equipment to them . 
  at least the first 3-4 years this was common place and you can find dozens of videos online of al-nusra and other jihadist fighters crossing the turkish borders into syria loaded with trucks of equipment and men . 
  only since the nightclub massacre has turkey stepped up attacks against isis but there is absolutely no way you can say they want them destroyed , otherwise they would not share a border with them . 
  if erdogan actually wanted them gone , they could have been destroyed years ago . 
   but it would make sense that intel would be shared since they 're nato allies on a joint operation it 's because turkey would use the intel to kill kurds fighting isis . 
  isis and erdogan have an informal alliance against kurdish , germans want to help the kurds in their fight so it gets complicated . 
  germany will likely either go with crete or cyprus , jordan was likely their first option but the locals and government are just as hostile to germans as in turkey . 
  if the government was competent then maybe the olympic village could have been something , but the greek government failed everything else , why would the village be anything different . 
  how the fuck can you say i am saying it 's not greece 's fault for olympics failing when i said in my previous post that it was 100 % greek government fault for the olympics failing long-term . 
  again , i do n't think you understand the differences between the two . 
  olympics - a greek government project that was extremely poorly managed , although the games itself went very well , but long-term it was an absolute failure almost immediately . 
  government had no idea what to do with the land and had no goal to generate profit from the olympic venues and village , so it failed . 
  a seaside resort being built by chinese and arab investors who have a long-term plan to make it successful . 
  there is no guarantee it will be good as they say , but there is no possible way they can do as bad as the nd government did in the olympics . 
  i do n't understand how you can compare the two . 
  one is a government project to build a one time sport event , and the other is a seaside resort/casino area for tourists built by experts . 
  the only thing we can do is wait and see how it all pans out . 
  i always assumed everyone knew the anti-immigrant propaganda against romanians and polish was just a cover against other less assimilated groups which would be anti-pc to slander like they did against romanians and polish . 
  one thing i learned the recent years is that goebbels would be amazed at the sophistication of modern day propaganda . 
  taking hostages and committing international crimes is not a good first impression on your asylum request . 
  i still do n't think you understand . 
  this is not a government project like the olympics , especially a government as ancient in their thinking as new democracy was , they could never have made the olympics successful long-term . 
  this is a private investment from a consortium of arab and chinese investors alongside greece 's lambda development . 
  there is no government involvement as far as i know . 
  they want this place to be the biggest tourism spot in greece and i think they can pull it off considering its location . 
  if the government was involved in this project then i would agree with you , but they have no say or involvement in this besides outlining the initial rule of allowing public access to the resort areas parks and beach . 
  the village was never meant to be some luxury apartments . 
  there was no infrastructure to support that at all . 
  look at the video in thread to see the plan for the seaside , the goal of this new project is to turn it into the most attractive tourist destination in the world , there is a long-term plan instead of just some random olympic `` village '' that fell apart . 
  seriously ? 
  for one , the olympics are a one time event , everyone knew it would be useless afterwards . 
  this is a 10 billion investment from a chinese , arab and greek consortium to make this land into the best luxury resort/green space in europe , alongside a large business and residential district . 
  every single thing planned has a specific use , from the large business district meant to attract greek and foreign companies , to the luxury resort area near the marina which is based off monaco with casinos , hotels , entertainment , etc and also there are is a large amount of residential space for apartments to rent out . 
  this is not a one time use olympic event , it is an overall project to make the land into the most attractive tourist , business and residential area in greece . 
  the goal of the greek government is to extend the tourist season to all year instead of just spring/summer/early fall , and this project is the key to that plan , they want tourists flocking in all year to the seaside resort and casinos . 
   we can weather a recession uk surely ca n't , they would never be able to handle a recession like greece has . 
  greeks are ok with having less and struggling , but many of the non-brits in uk can not function without the massive welfare state , many muslims in uk are not extremist because life is good at the moment , same with potential brit extremists . 
  the moment a greek style recession hit uk , it would be anarchy within 12 months , once a few more terror attacks happen combined with less jobs , benefits and a sinking economy then hell would break loose . 
  luckily the chances of uk having a massive financial crash like greece are tiny , i think . 
  it 's idiotic to compare the two . 
  it is a 99 year lease , and it is better than being wasted like it is now . 
  there are off-shoots of ira with the more extreme members that opposed any peace . 
  fixed it, 
  ~ ~ [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebxpjnlboty ) ~ ~ [ right one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktww88gqc2s ), 
  this deal has been in the work for years , and both government and investors are highly motivated as we all as eu which is pushing for concluding this deal asap as part of current bailout negotiations . 
  greece could have left in 2008 which would have possibly led to a banking crash in german/french banks , and instead went through a 10 year great depression which would have caused 90 % of european countries to enter civil war . 
  banks shifted the debt from their books to the ecb in 2nd bailout in probably one of the largest financial scams in history and now we have assholes like you blaming greece when there was no reason to shift the debt from private banks to eu other than to save the german banks . 
  also pensions were not the cause of the crisis , spending 400-500 billion euros on military in 30 years caused it . 
  most countries of similar size have spent less than 20-40 billion in that same time period . 
  except for the fact that bulgaria is severely damaging greece with it 's tax scheme which pulls in greek companies there , it 's not just strong countries that would benefit from common tax scheme , greece would benefit from not being robbed by bulgaria and cyprus for one . 
   and cyprus location unlike malta 's offers a lot of oportunities if they reunify and turkey stops being hostile lol, 
   bulgaria 's tax rate is for domestic purposes ( i.e , bulgarian home grown companies ) and not the topic at hand.do you see google or starbucks choosing bulgaria ? 
  bulgaria is completely fucking over greece right now with its tax rate , government is planning to pass a law soon to make it illegal for businesses to use bulgaria for tax avoidance since it is so bad , so a common tax rate doesnt just help big countries but it will help small countries like greece being fucked over by tax schemes from bulgaria and cyprus . 
   if you want security , nato exists . 
  no , the eu is for security . 
  nato is an old us relic that should be rejected by eu states in favor of eu security and military . 
  yeh but poland did n't turn itself into a dictatorship and the worlds leading prison for journalists and political opponents , nor is it threatening its `` allies '' on a daily basis with invasion , nor is it escalating tensions . 
  that 's weird , i ca n't even stand the smell of vinegar but always loved wine . 
  i prefer retsina , especially the local producers by me . 
  not all wine is equal , just like beer . 
  wine is better in every single way , it tastes better than anything else and even has some health benefits . 
  also my stomach just ca n't handle vodka , it feels like i 'm drinking poison . 
   engaging the dominant classes remains essential . 
  it 's not europeans fault they are so damn good at producing and creating knowledge and science . 
  nobody is stopping non-euros from excelling , their own people bring them down , like how islam is anti-intellectual or how in black urban culture being educated is seen as `` white '' and thus evil and bad . 
  the first step is to look inwards , not outwards . 
  we can go be butlers to a russian oligarch in cyprus together . 
  i give it 10-20 years before a civil war starts in murica . 
  your forgetting turkey going absolutely batshit insane . 
  your still in the eu though , you have no idea of what it will be like without the eu or how it will pan-out in 20-40 years . 
  be careful what you wish for is the old saying . 
  that was never a thing in greece . 
  cretans have always been very different looking than central/north greeks . 
  the thing that annoys me is that the meme is that the lighter skin you are the more european you are . 
  but cretans are the darkest skinned europeans yet also have been found in certain cretan populations to be genetically identical to minoan remains found in burial sites . 
  so average european will see a dark skinned cretan and assume they have non euro ancestry when in fact the cretan is likely the most like bronze age europeans . 
  this is a migration map of the last 5,000 years , a lot can happen during that time . 
  yeh , but that is the balkans in a nutshell . 
  greece is a melting pot of neolithic and bronze age balkanites , so the fact that y-dna which shows these ancient migrations is clear . 
  the only non-european migration in greece is persian , which likely happened thousands of years ago . 
  a balkan looking turk is not uncommon , you make it seem like fyrom are not part of balkans . 
  [ i think that genetic distance maps are more clear , since there is more information involved . 
  turkey has around 10-20 distinct and unique geno-types ( i think thats word ) , like other said it depends which region their ancestors were from . 
  maybe 5-10 % of turkish population has direct ties with balkans . 
  [ on average the closest genetically are cypriots and georgians ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ktl75ln.jpg ), 
  besides there being conscription which means that in case of war there is already logistics in place , greece has a highly trained and well equipped air-force , navy and tank/armored . 
  on the second part , greek air-force averages hundreds of jet interceptions and dozens of dogfights every week with turkish forces .
