  [ this guy ] ( http://www.politics.co.uk/rwd-full-photos/handing-britain-s-future-to-london-s-former-m.21399277.jpg ), 
  the 27 can also trust france , italy and germany to make the best decision for the eu as a whole . 
  the same could not be said for uk . 
  eu pushed greece off the ledge when syriza came to power , tsipras had to back off almost every single pledge he made in his campaign . 
  if by good will you mean they did n't go all the way and pull the trigger then that is pushing the meaning of good will . 
  eu was absolutely ruthless with greece , but again greece deserved it , just as england does . 
  what you are talking about is trade war , both sides cut themselves to see who bleeds out first . 
  and i do n't think eu will lose that one . 
  germany does n't care about greece or bulgaria , they make the decisions in eu and they could be agressive against turkey . 
  i do n't understand why erdogan can not make peace with assad and make a deal for the illegal syrians in turkey . 
  in return turkish construction companies can rebuild syria and turkey becomes incredibly wealthy . 
  everything seems to be a battle of ego 's with erdogan instead of what is best for turkey . 
  the issue like i said is that everyone now knows that turkey controls this flow and the moment you deliberately send them is when turkey becomes a rogue state in the eyes of europeans . 
  once that happens , things like subversion and manufacturing a civil war in turkey are not far off . 
  if turkey betrays europe 's trust on this issue , for a short-term gain then it will lose everything long-term . 
  it is just a stupid move imo . 
  massive sanctions and travel restrictions could be the stick if the carrot does n't work . 
  do n't think about what you can gain , but more about what you can lose imo . 
  germany adopting armenian genocide law was just testing the waters to build up support for sanctions if things turn south on this deal . 
  greece was hitting record tourist seasons in the middle of the crisis up to today . 
  without it , it 's hard to say what situation greece would be in today . 
  with a 95 % drop in the stock market , which is nearly 30 % worse than the 1920 's great depression , 99 % of countries on earth would be in civil war under those conditions . 
  tourism is the only reason there was liquid currency in the country and helped keep the economy running and averted a disaster . 
  but i think you are partly right that over the very long term ( 20 + years ) that only relying on tourism is bad for a nation . 
  there needs to be a huge diversification of the economy for it to survive . 
  it is just my take on `` realpolitik '' discussion , it is n't meant to be casual talk at least for that post . 
  the point being that turkey 's best option now is to make peace with assad and make a deal on the illegals within turkey instead of shipping them to europe and causing a ton of consequences for both europe and turkey . 
  that is playing with fire , germans and most of europe is already viewing turkey very negatively lately . 
  it does n't help that turkish immigrants in europe have not adjusted well . 
  all it will take when tensions are this high and turkey is sending terrorists into europe by the truck load every day . 
  just one single major attack in eu country and there could be severe consequences for turkey . 
  turkey is already surrounded north , south and east by hostile nations . 
  do you really want to turn the west hostile also ? 
  think long-term and try to find a solution in syria with assad so you can send back the syrians in turkey instead of trying to prove `` turkiye stronk '' to europe . 
  the hundreds of greek islands that are not rhodes , crete , mykonos , santorini , corfu , etc. 
  it 's seriously incredible how many there are when you think about it . 
  these numbers are frorm january/february/march , so very little to do with tourist season and also before any of the recent massacres against tourists in turkey . 
  we will only know the effect of tourism industry particularly around october-december 2016 when the numbers come out . 
  i personally do n't think a dent in tourism will hurt turkey all that much , i would be more worried about the construction bubble which is holding the economy up artifically . 
  there is only so many multi-billion euro palaces you can build to put people to work until everything implodes . 
  which would be national suicide for turkey , the main point of the merkel-erdogan deal was not to make it some perfect long-lasting deal , merkel is not stupid . 
  the deal was made to show all citizens of eu that turkey is the one controlling the illegal + terrorist flow into europe . 
  now that the flow has stopped after the deal it is understood by the majority of citizens that turkey is in control of this movement . 
  if it starts back up again like last year than the majority of eu citizens who are already borderline neutral/unfriendly to turkey will radically shift to anti-turkish sentiment as they will view turkey as a terrorist state . 
  this will not only destroy turkey 's economy but it would be the start of a eu approved sanctions against turkey like there are for russia . 
  turkey is basically one bad move from being isolated from everyone except saudi arabia . 
  even the tiniest bit of effort would be noticed . 
  just have a few thousand muslims march in belgium or something once a month to let the community know they dissaprove of wahhabism and extremism , let the young muslims who are pushed isis propaganda that their actions are not respected in the community and there would be a change , even if a small one . 
  the lack of even the tiniest bit of effort from the moderate muslims tells me that they approve of these actions in some way . 
  albanians are good people , some are assholes but that goes for greeks also . 
  nope , greeks in usa/australia for example . 
  the immigrants that arrive off the boat are pretty tight-knit and insular . . but their children may as well be not greek at all , only ones who keep even a small amount of the old culture are the ones whose parents can afford to fly them to greece every year . . the rest are only greek by name . 
  moderate muslims are n't doing a damn thing to prevent this in their communities , they are only feeding it by being silent . 
  look at the belgian airport bombers , they had support from an entire community who protected them . 
  these are the `` moderates '' ? 
  they need to organize and do something about the extremism in their communities otherwise they are just as guilty . 
  the problem is that irish did n't form insular , close-knit ultra-conservative islamic sharia ghettos where sharia law is placed above common law , they had a stereotype of being violent but it went away within 2-3 decades , by ww1/ww2 . 
  50 years later and islamic ghettoes are only getting bigger , more dangerous , more violent and producing extremist like it is an isis training camp . 
  shauble has been the one person who had criticized greek efforts in bailout/reforms since basically day 1 , i do n't think he has ever said one positive thing about greek economy , at least syriza took office . 
  this is actually pretty significant news since shauble is apparently looking positive on greece 's prospects , which as far as i know , has never happened before . 
  i am not saying your are wrong but even those `` secular '' muslim types who only pray once a year usually have conservative views that would be viewed as extremist in europe . 
  well , cheap to produce at least , i am not sure how much they will sell the gas to europe , it all depends on current market prices but i think you can safely say it will be much cheaper than russian gas who artifically raises the prices as they see fit to match their geo-political goals . 
  greece has the largest fleet of lng carriers on earth , around 25 % of total earth 's lng carriers and also greece is the # 1 destination of new lng carriers being built every year for the lat 5 years . 
  greece is playing the game to be a major center-piece in energy industry . 
  probably around 25-30 % of total gas . 
  the gas will be coming from the levithian gas basin which spans across israel/cyprus/egypt so it will be verycheap as the pipeline will have direct access to the source of the gas . 
   to turkey and onward into europe . 
  but it means turkey now controls the flow . 
  it will never happen , greece/cyprus/israel would never allow it , like you said the entire point is to avoid turkey/russian influence on this pipeline . 
   current prices make the 6bn price tag of the pipeline , very , very unprofitable for the energy companies involved . 
  it is currently estimated the levithian gas basin which goes across cyprus/israel/egypt is possibly the biggest or 2nd biggest gas reserve on the planet . 
  the pipeline is not meant to transport foreign gas to europe , but to transport cyprus/israel gas to europe , so it is very very profitable long-term . 
  well by `` posh '' , i usually use that to mean wealthy and wealthy brits do come to the greek islands but usually just keep to themselves and mostly avoid the common british hang-out spots and mostly go to where greeks like to go , i suppose to experience the local culture more . 
  if anyone said that about a european person moving to asia they would be ridiculed and shamed . 
  yeh but greeks mourn by drinking a lot and fucking anything in sight , so it 's not all to bad . 
  but the scary thing is that you are not taking in those erdogan loyalists , 99 % of them were born in europe and view turkey as some sort of paradise under erdogan even though most of them have only been there for short vacations . 
  they do n't feel belgian/dutch/german / etc and also do n't feel turkish since they do n't live there which causes a hard reaction to become turkish ultra-nationalists who can not fathom anything bad about erdogan the great . 
  there is nothing on earth like the greek islands , absolutely nothing . 
  i guess going to thessaloniki would be somewhat similar if you ignore most of the cultural aspects of the city and just go to the beach/pub and do n't do much else . 
  i am not sure really , i think just easier access to travel between countries , especially by cruise/ferry . 
  greece somehow became the `` cool '' place for polish youth to come like as it is for british youth . 
  polish tourists are nice , just keep to themselves and do n't get as crazy as nordics and british when they party . 
  greece and croatia have a tourism pact , the bigger tourism in greece gets the bigger it will get in croatia also . 
  nice , happy for all them with new jobs, 
  the refugee numbers are about 1 % of what they were 2 years ago . 
  the main issue now is moving the ones who came over the last 2 years out . 
  also the idea of bosporus being the key to controlling russia is idiotic . 
  i think people forget that greece controls the entire eastern med along with cyprus backed by israel and usa . 
  bosporus is not as strategically important as it was during ww2 . 
   in addition , an increase in anti-american rhetoric has the potential to inspire independent actors to carry out acts of violence against u.s. citizens . 
  the important part, 
  hatemoglu takes his name seriously, 
  yeh , i saw that during the kke protest 5-6 years ago , have n't seen such things since . 
  there has never been a case of a greek politician calling german 's nazi 's . 
  only case that i have ever seen is a kke ( commie ) protest and kke official magazine saying it around 5-6 years ago . 
  if there are any other cases i do n't know them . 
  3 weeks is nice , you can even island hop with that amount of time there , just keep your room/apartment in paros , and take weekend trips to nearby islands like rhodos or kos . 
  that guy is pretty smart , in the peak of the grexit crisis he predicted that uk would leave the eu not greece . 
  turned out to be right . 
  if the bail-out talks were ever to fail it would have happened last year .
