  israel and usa have 1 large air-force training exercise with greece every month or two . 
   there is unresolved issues in aegean only on one side , just like how cyprus is an `` unresolved issue '' although only one country on earth has an issue with it , turkey . 
   straight up broke countries like greece . 
  greece is one of the only countries in europe with an actual modern military and trained troops/officers . 
  there is a reason why usa/israel use greece almost exclusively in their air-force training exercises . 
  [ greece averaged nearly 3 % the last 30 years ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ms.mil.xpnd.gd.zs?locations=ro-gr-bg-es ), 
  half of greece and the islands were still at war at the time also , ottomans were spread thin . 
  even lesser known was the battle for southern mainland greece and the islands which lasted 150-200 years after the fall of constantinople . 
  just give it 20 years . 
  that just means there are 3,000 more who are more radical than him . 
  which is worse . 
  mostly shia/alawite muslims which are much less radical than sunni . 
  isis views the world as sunni vs shia/christianity/jews . 
  also the ira as evil as some of their acts were did have at least some kind of demand , that if met would end the violence . 
  the worst part about islamic extremism in uk is that there is no demand besides total conquest . 
  it 's the same reason why the best athletes in the world travel to boston , new york , etc for critical knee/shoulder surgeries , that just happens to be where the best doctors in the world for those surgeries happen to be . 
  sorry , your right . 
  i misunderstood article , tsipras is backing albania eu bid though . 
  [ it has been under 2 % since 2005 ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ms.mil.xpnd.gd.zs?locations=ro ) , maybe this year will bring it back up , i do n't know . 
  what additional nato costs would fill the 1 % gap for most of those years ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  romania is doing much better than bulgaria at least on military equipment but it is still pretty bad , the only thing you have a decent amount of are armored vehicles to transport troops and artillery . 
  air-force has 30 f-16 's which is ok but they could be outdated and barely operational for training depending on their condition . 
   romania spends 6 % of its budget for the military . 
  which was 1.2 % of gdp , far below the required 2 % . 
  romania 's military is in terrible shape so you ca n't say you do n't need spending . 
  greek marketing of its wine and olive oil is still in the stone-age , 99 % of the wines do n't even have any english language on it , it may as well be egyptian hieroglyphics . 
  it will take time for young people to take control of marketing and do it correctly . 
  russian oligarchs do n't isolate themselves in stone-age like tribal communities in the middle of major cities , [ preaching hate for their new home and how one day they will conquer and destroy it ] ( https://youtu.be/fa6xcyxsxxu?t=1m19s ) for `` allah '' . 
  `` you jealous that we taking over '', 
  you are literally the first person in this thread to bring up the armenian genocide and you turned it around to put yourself as the victim . 
  greek wine and olive oil is the best on earth with the worst marketing on earth , eventually young people will market it correctly and it will be recognized for its quality . 
  terrorists probably look at this shit and laugh at how weak their enemies are . 
   turkey has one of the strongest armies in the world only on paper , they have a strong defensive military and doctrine but not the offensive projection of countries like usa/uk . 
  most of their experienced military commanders and personel were also purged recently , they have the typical middle eastern command structure where friends and families of the elite are placed in high ranking military positions with no training . 
  one of the main reasons why me militaries do so poorly even against poorly equipped rebels . 
  only on weekends . 
  i know , i just said coast-line . 
  thessaloniki is a big area . 
  the coast-line was always mainly populated by greeks , through-out history , not just in thessaloniki but anywhere where greeks were located . 
   sources have told kathimerini that the souda bay base is being used a lot more than it was in the past and that activities at the base are being extended . 
    one aspect of the more pronounced american presence in greece of late can be seen in the increasingly frequent joint training exercises involving us units and greek special forces , the same sources note . 
  you guess ? 
  he was a greek bishop in the 4th century . 
  i 'm pretty sure aristotle or socrates forgot which one was born in anatolia also . 
  this kills the putin . 
  y-dna is basically a common ancestor from thousands of years ago , this map shows that the turks tested ( if this map is true ) were descendants of old anatolian natives which had a shared european history . 
  [ this is a more detailed genetic distance map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kn1rmsu.jpg ), 
  in genetic research , [ the closest european country is cyprus , not greece . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/knjujkx.png ) i 'm not sure what y-dna is exactly though , also it depends on which people are being tested . 
  eastern , central and western aegean turks have large genetic differences . 
  edit : from google , y-dna is basically a common ancestor from thousands of years ago , so this map is interesting . 
  it shows the turkish people tested had common ancestors with europeans , most likely ancient tribal anatolians . 
  if things work out in the end which 99 % likely will i do n't think there is anything wrong with being grateful with germany , you just have to think long-term . 
  eastern europeans not only do not acknowledge that greece is going against it 's interest with the russian sanctions , but they are also refusing to help greece with migrant crisis . 
  imo , if eastern europeans keep pushing greece in refugee deal then i do n't see anything wrong with cancelling russian sanctions . 
  greece has n't really done anything with russia , it 's been mostly china , the sanctions are still in place that greece approved with rest of eu . 
  greece has taken a massive financial cost due to those sanctions so eastern european 's should be grateful . 
  as long as turkey keeps tight control on the borders and continues to honor the refugee agreement then the status quo should be kept , but my prediction is that erdogan will destroy relations with eu eventually . 
  pagan fire walking festivals are common in nearby bulgaria so there is truth to that . 
  if there was ever a major war , nukes would be used in the first 48 hours to wipe out nearly all naval groups around the world , but they would not target any land mass with nukes . 
  that is why large warships would be useless in a major war , like carriers imo . 
  the real naval power in a major war would be small , discreet , camoflauged boats witha crew of 10-20 people , with 20-30 anti-air/ground missiles on board . 
  sneak somewhere , throw up a blue tarp to camo from spy planes and unleash 20-30 missiles and hope you do n't get blown to bits once its over . 
  he who laughs last , laughs the longest . 
  it 's easy for you to say since your country has never or will ever need to fight a war with anyone , since for some reason everyone is obliged to protect you since your holding the family jewels . 
  alliances are never permanent , especially when countries turn into islamic dictatorships . 
   the most important thing is as i said turkey needs nato and nato needs turkey nobody needs anyone , this is n't 1935 when you could sneak in 40 warships and surprise attack . 
  a single ballistic missile stationed in romania can take out half a dozen warships in a matter of minutes , nukes , fighter jets , drones , laser weapons are all realities now . 
  right now the main benefit of turkey is that it saves allied forces some fuel launching from turkey instead of cyprus , that is it right now . 
  it 's delusional to think russia and turkey would ever be allies , it 's like how people thought nazi germany and soviet union would be allies until the war actually started and hell broke loose . 
  russia would backstab turkey the moment it sees even a tiny opening , and vice versa . 
  he is starting to show his age . 
  they tried to bash a ladies brains in with headkicks , there is no excuse for that . 
  for some reason that pic is funny , wonder what they said . 
  renzi looks like tsipras older brother embarrassing him in front of his girlfriend . 
  first thing you should do when land is stop at the local market and pick up like 50-100 euros worth of food , water and cheap local wine for your stay , unless you will be moving around to different islands or something . 
  if anybody offers you food or drink always accept it , otherwise there will be drama . 
  they are both fairly even in capabilities , they have the same main gun , evenly matched in armor and speed . 
  k2 has a unique weapons system to deploy `` parachute bombs '' which can land on top of tanks which is very nice for tank combat , but the leo2a6 hel has an atgm system which is very nice against infantry and armor personal carriers . 
  i would say that the k2 might be better in tank vs tank battles but the leo 2a6 would be better for urban environments . 
  honestly , i 've seen more alitalia planes in worse shape than any ryanair 's . 
  it 's hard to call yourself a democracy if you ca n't allow protestors to protest when they are doing so in a peaceful manner and not causing problem in local area or streets , even if it was not `` sanctioned '' . 
  the changes are hardly small , the addition of an atgm system makes the tank really strong since it can camo and fire off rockets without giving away the location like a regular tank shell will . 
  i am not sure what else is different besides the generalized `` built for mountainous greek terrain '' i hear often , not sure what other changes were made , but for sure i would rather have a leo 2a6 hel than any turkish made tank , that is for sure . 
  i do n't get why they do n't deport them all , erdogan has the power to do it . 
  why do you think usa just signed a deal to supply kurdish forces in syria with billions in new weapons ? 
  kurdistan is definitely happening , only a question of when exactly . 
  greece has one of the best air-forces in the world , top 5 in both equipment and experience and is also the main training partner of usa/israel . 
  it never made sense to me also , turkey is a huge country . 
  anatolia used to be like 30 countries for a reason , it is massive . 
  why do they even require more land . 
  `` we demand those islands ! '', 
  `` oxi '' `` you fucking fascist nazi piece of shit '', 
  the a6 hel is a beast though and greece manufactures the tank in greece under german contract , with only a few specialized systems pre-built in germany , same with the new submarine from germany . 
  that 's still more than most of the balkans . 
  most people brought the bullshit that turks wanted to truly be part of european life with open arms , they found out the hard way they they see themselves as natural rivals and enemies of europeans , it just took a long time for people to figure it out . 
   90bn euros it is 300 billion , 500 billion if you count the 200 billion lost in corruption or `` black projects '' that a greek government worker alleged . 
  i really do n't mind what turkey does as long as nobody gets hurt , the moment they do something stupid and somebody dies then anything is possible . 
  not really true , most of the harshest sanctions against turkey are still in place , putin is being very careful about trusting erdogan .
