  tons of cigarettes at least, 
  everything france and uk have touched in mena has turned to shit ... syria , libya , etc. 
  it 's time to hang up those imperial boots . 
  yes , but i suppose article is trying to be neutral . 
  go to the dodecanese , you can take a boat to turkey for weekend if you really want . 
  isis shares a border with turkey , it 's the only reason they exist as that is the main weapons smuggling route . 
  the point is to relocate them all once they enter to an off european camp while their asylum application in processed . 
  it will happen if it gets bad enough . 
  it is going to happen eventually , europe 's future ca n't depend on the whim 's of erdogan . 
  refugee processing facilities must be built outside of europe to prepare . 
  tsipras vs erdogan in a cage match, 
  no , it was an image posted a while ago , i did not save it , maybe someone has it . 
  somebody posted a map here once of reactions to gay people kissing/holding hands in public . 
  from what i remember greece had the highest amount of `` gossip/disapproving looks '' but the least likely to commit violence against gay people . 
  northern europeans had the lowest `` gossip/staring in public '' but the highest violence against gay people . 
  erdogan : `` you need to give us something '' tsiprs : `` this is the best i can do '' erdogan : `` fuck it , i 'll take it '', 
  only country in europe i trust would help greece in such an event would be uk . 
  it is very clear , except in turkey/north korea 2.0 . 
  trash the deal would have severe consequences for both sides over the long-term . 
  think of a future scenario where turkey goes rogue against eu . 
  millions of `` refugees '' flood europe because of turkey causing chaos and distrust in eu , rise of ultra right-wing governments that view turkey as an enemy state , break-up of the eu and now you have a dozen borderline fascist nations in europe that view turkey as an enemy state . 
  you work with eu to keep the status quo and you will get your visa deal when turkey calms down a bit , most likely in 1-2 years . 
  i prefer the status quo, 
  the refugee crisis is the single most likely thing that has potential to destroy the entirety of the eu , no economic crisis could do the damage this never-ending migration is causing . 
  either you spend a few billion to built camps in libya to process refugees or within 10-20 years the eu will fall apart costing trillions of euros and leading to a bleak future for europe . 
  it really is not that hard of a decision . 
  what you need to understand is that this `` migration '' is only accelerating . 
  syrian war is just the start , africa is facing a future of islamic wars , especially in nigeria ( population 300 million ) , drougts in middle east will lead to wars and migrations over the next decades also . 
  1-2 billion people will soon have nothing to lose and will want to flee to europe . 
  once you bomb a country to hell like france/uk did , you need to take some responsibility for it , which they are not . 
  something like a visa deal takes time , maybe in 1-2 years it will happen if erdogan calms down a bit , stop acting like north korea for a few months and let 's go from there . 
   how do you plan to create camps for hundreds of thousands of people on foreign jurisdiction ? 
  how do countries like france and uk decide one day to just bomb a foreign country and kill their leaders ? 
  i do n't understand how bombing and destroying a country is easily understood like in libya but going there to build a few camps and invest in infrastructure seems like some kind of impossible task that requires magic powers . 
  maybe 10 % of them , greeks only lived on aegean coastal cities for the most part , and anatolia is a massive landmass full of dozens of old cultures . 
  finnish and estonians are smart af, 
  erdogan has publicly questioned the treaty in last few weeks more than a few times . 
  even saying that `` youth should act like bees in regards to the treaty '' , he has riled up his youth base to question greece 's borders , which is not a good sign for the future . 
  using fingerless gloves while typing really hard, 
  he just knows what erdogan does to his enemies behind the scenes . 
  turkey and azerbaijan are building the tap/tanap pipeline into europe , operational in 2019 . 
  russia needs turkey more than turkey needs russia in energy once tap/tanap is completed . 
  otherwise russia will have to stick to using their ukraine pipeline and that will hinder their goals in that region . 
   tomorrow begins the development of greek and egyptian aeronautical forces will take part in a joint exercise between the two countries under the name `` medusa '' . 
  turkey is mainly angry that greece , cyprus , egypt and israel have formed a `` mini-alliance '' in the eastern med . 
  likely why erdogan is opening the prospect of full scale war against syria and potentially russia . 
  bu why ? 
  euro area would be about the same with eu28 if it was n't for greece and spain which looking at the graph look like outliers . 
  i get that the point you are trying to make is that the euro currency is hampering growth and employment but greece and spain have shown some pretty large improvements over the last 12-18 months and the trend is definitely showing continued growth and reduction in unemployment . 
  greece 's problem has very little to do with the euro currency , it was mostly structural issues that needed reforms . 
  take a boat to corfu, 
  where do german tourists typically go in greece ? 
  is there specific islands that are most popular ? 
  welcome to the balkans , every country feels like they rightfully deserve others land . 
  austrians do n't fuck around, 
  it 's one thing to take land , another to keep it, 
  there goes the russian relations again . 
  only took a month this time . 
  yeh , but it sounds similar . 
  nobody really knows anyway . 
  i read that ionians were an anatolia group that invaded greek mainland . 
  do you have any reading material on it . 
   ) and founded a new hellenic colony there with the name nea polis ( which means new city , later to become known as napoli , or naples in english ) i always find it interesting how many cities in southern france/italy are greek origin . 
  marseilles , nice , napoli to name a few . 
  there are 3 different names for greeks hellenes/hellas - ancient greek or pre-greek origin . 
  nobody is 100 % sure what exactly it means but there are a lot of theories , me personally i think it means `` land of the sun '' , helios ( sun ) in greek sounds very similair to hellas . 
  hellenes being `` sun people '' also makes sense . 
  this is what greeks have always called themselves greek/greko - italian origin , this is what italians called the greek communities that sprung around mainland italy . 
  yunani/yunanistan - turkey/persian name for greeks . 
  means ionians , land of the ionians . 
  ionians were an anatolian people that conquered northern greek mainland and gave birth to the golden age of athens 2,000 + years ago . 
  the first mention of the word britain was from an ancient greek merchant , i am pretty sure . 
  i am not sure if it was greek origin or not though . 
  there are two major genetic groups that make up most of european genetics . 
  one is the proto-european hunter-gatherers who arrived in europe around 50,000 years ago and the second is the post-ice age migration from fertile crescent . 
  eu people hate erdogan , not turkish people . 
  . erdogan is acting like kim jong-un . 
  you do n't have to keep every single refugee , the deal is that syrians can come into eu and you should be deporting all non-syrians outside of turkey with help of eu . 
  as far as visas , i think it is still possible to give to turkey . 
  eu just said they are stopping turkey ascension talks , that does not mean the visa deal is scrapped . 
  it could easily happen still and very likely will soon . 
  rhodos really is the rose of the aegean also , it is my favorite place in greece . 
  as the old saying goes . 
  when in ( eastern ) rome , do as the romans do . 
  there is nothing wrong with that , both greece and turkey often play west and east to gain good deals , so i am not against that . 
  just do n't threaten europe to flood it with potential jihadis . 
  is that so much to ask ? 
  put up a wall on turkey eastern border and block all syrians from coming , deport all the afganis and pakis and start working with the eu . 
  i do n't care if turkey loves the eu , just keep the status quo . 
  we help each other , you control the gates and keep them closes and turkey stays an important ally of eu and gets assistance not just with migrants but in economy , infrastructure , tourism , etc. 
  isis controls almost half of libya , in my scenario it would only take back the land isis is occupying and put it to good use . 
  also we bombed libya into a 3rd world hellhole but we ca n't do nation-building there ? 
  i would want eu to massively invest in infrastructure there in and around the processing camps . 
  i do n't see what is wrong with getting rid of isis in libya and investing in infrastructure , libyans will not be harmed and they would get a lot of help from eu to rebuild . 
  we need to create processing camps in libya , only way this will stop . 
  they can not be allowed to stay on european soil during their asylum process . 
  if you think being an enemy of europe and allying yourself with your primary historical enemy ( russia ) is the way to go . 
  then you are deluding yourself . 
  the logical eventual outcome of turkey going rogue against europe would be radicalization of turks in germany/uk/etc followed by radicalization of european natives , followed by ultra right-wing governments and once that happens , it is almost impossible to stop a war . 
  you are not `` winning '' anything by playing the tough guy , you are just setting yourself up to go to war with europe , and russia will not only not help you , but they will attack you when you are weak and take as much land as possible .
