  the sad part is that greeks were destroying ottomans and they were ready to quit but hungarians sold european tech to ottomans with an advanced cannon which destroyed a part of the wall which then led a defeat . 
  after the fourth crusade the city was a ghost town , combined with the plague it never recovered and then was finally destroyed by the ottomans when they saw how weakened they were . 
  ottoman invasion of europe is to this day the darkest peiod in european history , muslims scream about `` crusaders '' but they have no idea the immense damage ottomans did to the balkans to this day . 
  because the effect direct sunlight has on the human body and mind is massive , i have no idea scientifically why it is nor will i find any links to support my claim , but i can just feel it myself and i have lived in both opposite scenarios . 
  we need guns to protect the goats . 
  so you think israel should not exist ? 
  they are the only sane and stable nation in the middle east . 
  they do a lot of fucked up shit but they have been terrorized for decades by random attacks , a recent one from few months ago two guys shot a few people in the head in the middle of a cafe on a sunny day . 
  true , the difference is that the german ones all want to eventually come back , especially for retirement but the american ones all want to come back asap , that is the surprising thing for me . 
  i am just going off recent voting trends graphs i have seen . 
  female voters are the only thing stopping a full extremist right-wing swing in france , islamists are playing against their own interests by committing acts like this but luckily they are not smart enough to realize this . 
  this is true , making no income whatsover will drive anyone insane . 
  but having enough to fill up your scooter and go to the beach with a date and renting a very cheap apartment could have someone being as happy or happier as a guy making 10 million $ a day on the stock markets who drives a ferrari everywhere and has a perfect 10 so . 
  never heard that from german-greeks , all the ones i know always praise german standards compared to greece . 
  but very common to hear that from american-greeks . 
  nato has already been undermined by its own actions . 
  i am not speaking from my own opinion but in general nato has an absolutely terrible reputation world-wide . 
  an eu army is a chance at a clean slate and clearer foreign policy by the eu . 
  [ only a tiny portion of current rom was located in ancient kingdom ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/95/expansionofmacedon.jpg ) , and that was after their expansion outside their original kingdom which is entirely within northern greece . 
  also after greeks lost to rome in the four makedon-rome wars which ended around 150bc there was no city-state named macedonia ( or athens/sparta ) , it was all part of roman empire . 
  no records of a macedonian people/region exist from through-out the antique roman era up to eastern roman era/byzantine and the fall to ottomans . 
  they were all simply greek speaking romans . 
  the first mention of a macedonian people since 150bc was post-ww2 ( ? ), 
  or was it around the balkan wars , i forget . 
  bad assumption at 3:20 it is very possible that the eu decides it is against its interests to have an open trade agreement with uk . 
  brussels could take the gloves off in negotiations especially with some of their recent statements . 
  no , greeks and italians were treated like shit when they immigrated to anglosphere but they integrated any way . 
  muslims will never fully integrate into western society , it is simply a clash of civilizations . 
  the problem with poland is transportation costs ( to usa ) , the most likely destination for a new nissan plant would be ireland , especially with low tax cost . 
  you dare doubt alan ? 
  that would likely end up causing a continent wide radical shift to the far-right . 
  you need to think long-term . 
  has it ? 
  we can only know the effects of brexit after completion . 
  eu may use a scorched earth policy in negotiations and in a few hours the markets can crash , nothing is ever certain . 
  brexit has n't even happened yet, 
  they are too cool to hang out with us . 
  overly macho nationalism really is a balkan thing unique in europe . 
  irish beer is haram , they prefer dutch and german beers, 
  reminds me of athenian politicians acting like retards during spartans siege . 
  joking aside , this is likely just the start of the largest migration in human history since the end of the last ice age . 
  wait until all the water dries up in mena in 20-30 years ... 
  also they did n't have a fascist ideology like islam, 
  do n't turn around, 
  tsigani is the most common term in greece . 
  ciudadanos was always a controlled opposition party, 
  [ this video was very interesting ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swj10usbfw4 ), 
  there was a female accomplice in the charlie hebdo attacks , she successfully fled to syria . 
  cool , thanks, 
  it is risky because it would antagonize germans against you , which would push poland towards russia , then poland in stuck between two super-powers at each others throats again . 
  so the photo was taken during a training exercise ? 
  right there you just rationalized anti-semitism . 
  what the hell ? 
  on the one hand you claim muslims are not anti-semites yet you just pulled out the most common muslim card they use when it comes to anti-semitism . 
  jews are not trying to genocide muslims , muslims have done nothing but genocide everyone in mena for the last thousand years . 
  do not forget that mena was majority christian + pagan for thousands of years until islam became very powerful and genocided them all . 
  millions of greeks and italians used to live and thrive in places like egypt and syria , spread education and knowledge before they were genocided . 
  mena was almost fully christian by the time islamic armies went through and wiped everything out , now you have people such as yourself who think islam was always part of mena , it was because of genocide that muslims spread their religion to mena . 
  muslims would love nothing more than to have a holocaust in which they kill every single last jew in middle east . 
  that is why jews have to build walls to seperate and control all borders . 
  if muslims sense even a tiny bit of an opening they will swarm israel and kill every single last one of them . 
  wtf lol, 
  surveys ? 
  how about reality , look how jews are treated in middle eastern countries compared to europe/usa . 
  we should just team up and create the new roman empire , nre has a nice ring to it . 
  muslims do n't just insult jews , antisemitism is a core part of their culture , not just random muslims hate jews , but it is a huge part of the quran to vilify jews . 
  most polish do not hate jews , just some idiots who would get shunned by normal poles . 
  how hard would it be to find work as a waiter in germany during fall/winter if i only speak greek and english fluently ? 
  i would assume impossible ? 
  are they always this angry ? 
  there are olive trees in greece that are much older . 
  it takes a week or two to build up a tolerance . 
  you see english tourists all the time that do n't understand this and get severe sun burns after a day in greece . 
  rhodes has n't really had any issues . 
  lesvos , kos and chios are the hardest hit . 
  it 's get hot under the sun , but the humidity is not to bad on the islands due to the waters . 
  read my post to other comment . 
  there is an estimated 2-4 billion euros worth of smuggling/passport operations in northern greece . 
  none of these migrants will be stuck in greece . 
  there are countless ways to exit the country . 
  that is what people like you do n't understand . 
  you want the turkey deal to fall through because you think greece will suffer . 
  it wont , greek/albanian gangs will make billions shipping these people north , you have no understanding of the situation if you do n't know this . 
  every migrant that lands in greece will eventually make it to germany , or as they call it `` heaven '' in arabic . 
  if they ca n't the legal way then they will pay the countless smugglers and passport counterfeiters that have set up shop in northern greece . 
  this `` greece will become a prison '' thing is a meme with no basis in reality , a hopeful wish at best by north europeans who do n't understand the reality of the situation . 
  it was n't much better when a cartel of shipping oligarchs and real estate developers controlled nd/pasok and thus greece . . just because their greek it made it better ? 
  i would rather have greece be under the thumb of an eu banking union than a `` stronk independent '' banking cartel controlled by a dozen greek families all connected to each other . 
  bluffing a grexit when he did n't realize sch\u00e4uble was ready and willing for grexit . 
  he misread his cards . 
  it was that piece of shit varoufakis . 
  he was leading negotiations and he acted insane . 
  everything has gone relatively smoothly since his removal . 
  things can change pretty quickly in geo-politics . 
  it has nothing to do with being a good fit , or them being muslims etc. 
  they need to be open and honest about why they can never enter the eu and it is not offensive to them , only logical and i think they will understand . 
  simply france + germany have the most power due to their population , the entire eu project hangs on the balance of this very finely tuned power sharing between france/germany that took decades to fine tune . 
  if turkey joins the eu they will be # 2 in power due to population and # 1 , surpassing germany by around 2030-2040 . 
  the eu will then become a turkish project with germany/france on the sidelines . 
  which ofcourse will never happen .
