  it is probably my favorite place in greece , it is a very lively and fun place . 
  yeh , but this is n't about money either . 
  turkey has a chance to get a visa deal in 2-5 years if it can maintain this migrant deal . 
  it is n't your duty to hold the migrants either , the best and only real solution to this is to stop the syrian war . 
  i agree , but i also do n't think any of those countries will ever choose to leave the eu . 
  uk has the privilege of having nuclear weapons which these countries do not , the eu is as much a security and safety issue as much as an economic one . 
  [ sweden ] ( https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-e12rx5387ya/v6iz8vwsx8i/aaaaaaacud8/uyhupbnnsd0qzz0hyti3xtzv2qo1mhqgaclcb/s1600/the-first-miss-universe-pageant-1952-3.jpeg ) [ great britain ] ( http://k32.kn3.net/taringa/1/9/7/1/d/6/vere666/b6a.jpg ) [ norway and germany ] ( http://i.imgur.com/35afxp5.jpg ) [ france , turkey , norway , denmark , great britain ] ( http://static.messynessychic.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/missuniverse20.jpeg ), 
  a single bank alone was suspected of giving out almost 4 billion euros in fradulent loans , it will take decades to find out the real number , it is possible only hundreds of millions can be confirmed as of today to kick-start criminal proceedings and find more of it . 
   90 % of the blame lies on greece mostly i agree , the only thing that annoys me is many of the military deals that took place between germany/france/uk and greece , tens maybe hundreds of billions of euros wasted . 
  this is why i also said that the truth likely lies in the middle . 
  also it is not nationalistic to be proud of a morally just war ( even if on the losing side ) . 
  tldr : the report based off the investigation will now head to the supreme court where criminal investigations and proceedings can take place for individuals . 
  the corruption scandal could be the biggest ever in greece as nobody really knows how much money was truly stolen by nd/pasok politicians over the last few decades , tens of billions is likely a conservative estimate . 
  politicians basically took out fraudulent loans on government friendly banks . 
  like i said earlier , leaders of the time believed it to have played a major role in the war . 
  i do n't understand why you take such offense ( as a canadian ) to what greece did in ww2 ? 
  `` the word heroism i am afraid does not render the least of those acts of self-sacrifice of the greeks , which were the defining factor in the, 
  to risky just for a few days off . 
  once word gets around , the next thing you know , you will be known as the atheist guy in your local town which could cause harassment . 
  academics will always argue about these things until the end of time , maybe the truth is somewhere in the middle . 
  but what is known for sure is that the allied leaders especially fdr and churchill were thrilled with the greek victory and hitler was absolutely furious with mussolini . 
  greek island culture and most balkan nations culture are very different , just one example . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-italian_war i am talking about this , greece destroyed the italian military in epirus mountains in a brutal guerilla war . 
  germany was forced to send an entire land/air/sea blitzkrieg division to greece and post-poned operation barbarosa from april 41 to late summer 1941 which many historians and leaders ( stalin , churchill , fdr ) believed played a critical part in germany 's failure to capture russia . 
  first allied victory *, 
   they always make it seem like the americans and british + colonies won the war alone yeh , it is never mentioned that greece had the first major victory of ww2 which led to the postponement of operation barbarosa into late summer instead of early spring . 
  the entire western version of ww2 is that us+b ritain just put on their boots one day and single-handedly saved the world for everyone . 
  frankfurt , it is the ideal location for many reasons . 
   maybe greece should leave the euro and start printing money . 
  there was a window to do this between 2008-2010 but it is impossible now . 
  well bad for london . 
  but brexit is the best thing to ever happen to frankfurt . 
  turkey will never join for the simple reason that if it did , it would automatically have more power than germany and france in decision making which will never be allowed to happen . 
  if turkey 's population was 10-20 million then it would likely join eventually . 
  [ i am interested in how the neuron drone is doing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klhldhfjxwc ) . 
  it is a eu project involving sweden , france , greece , italy , spain and a few others . 
  each country is responsible for different aspects of the drone , i know that greece is building the engine and missiles for it . 
  the moment this is announced , gbp/usd is going to drop hundreds of pips , daytraders are going to make some nice money off this . 
  there are two competing pipelines going through balkans soon , one from russia and another from azerbaijan ( backed by west ) , both going through turkey and greece and then through balkans . 
  the last time there was a competing major pipeline the syrian war happened . 
  unless you know the numbers before hand, 
  it always looks like natural causes . 
  i doubt he ever left , you can make billions just making 2-3 trades a year in commodities in the right time/place . 
  well i did n't mean that bad . . just a place where life feels totally different than being in a large european city . 
  i was n't offended , some of those islands really can feel quite 3rd world , but that is also the charm for many of them . 
  there are many islands with only a few hundred or thousand permanent residents , i am sure it can feel 3rd world to some . 
  bulgaria can have it, 
  yeh , but that is the nature of the work itself , hotel staff just sitting around all day . 
  meanwhile a volkswagen factory worker is producing more into the real economy than 20 + hotel staff sitting around . 
  the only way to raise productivity is a push in technology oriented businesses , greece will never be able to compete in manufacturing . 
   george chouliarakis , the alternate minister of finance , said `` the vast majority of issues ''' with the country 's creditors have been agreed upon , including market and financial sector reforms , as well as in the areas of health , education and tax collections . 
  it 's crazy how close varoufakis brought greece to the brink of grexit and how quickly everything turned around once that idiot was ejected from parliament . 
  yes , over 500,000 greeks moved to italian mainland after the invasion , bringing with them vast wealths of knowledge and literature . 
  also why greko ( greek ) is the 10th most common last name in italy . 
  yup , but on a positive side , the balkans learned everything they would ever need to know about islam from the occupation , western europeans today still have no idea what islam really is , but they are learning the hard way . 
  still the worst thing to happen to europe in human history , worse than the plague . 
  and no i am not mad , past is the past but it is just how it is . 
  while the rest of europe was experiencing the renaissance the balkans were experiencing the stone age 2.0 which had lasting effects to this day . 
  same in ancient greece , city states would go to war every summer with each other and whoever won would usually enslave the losing greeks . 
  israel is one of the biggest tech hubs on earth . 
  you just proved my point . 
  it is almost monthly you hear about some israeli tech business selling for billions . 
  greece needs to create the ground-work that actually promote this type of entrepreneurship . 
  better job prospects raises overall work ethic and i agree that greece does have a issue with it but not as bad as most people make it seem . 
  no work * productivity * is the problem in greece , big difference . 
  a german factory building bmw 's with 500 employees can output more into the economy then thousands of waiters and hotel staff . 
  tech industry is where greece has a chance to catch up at least a bit in productivity since manufacturing is to competitive . 
  i think the opposite , older greeks trust of traditional media caused younger generation to mistrust it and prefer internet . 
  so you saw people celebrating after working 12 hour days for the last 8 months and thus concluded that every single greek person refuses to work . 
  if you think work ethic is a problem with greeks then you need to understand that there is a reason why greeks are one of the most successful ( usually top 3 ) immigrant groups in every single country they migrate to . 
  greek islanders that work in the tourism industry work all season with no breaks and time off so i ca n't say i am surprised they were celebrating , you make it seem like they never went back to work again , that is why i am calling you an idiot . 
  they absolutely should celebrate if they worked their assess off all season , saved all their money and now get to go on a vacation . 
  and greece , except for a few islands every summer . 
  that is a pretty idiotic comment , unemployment is not due to people not wanting to work . 
  greece also has one of the highest internet use from under-50 , most likely the people polled were not 50 + . 
  i respect his passion for the eu . 
  i think he put some sense into tsipras . 
  you can have it now, 
  interesting , why do you have a national alcohol monopoly though ? 
  i would still prefer wine over there and it would probably be more expensive in finland compared to the local stuff . 
   biking home from work i really hope you are using some good quality wool layers/jackets . 
  i would be a hardcore alcoholic over there . 
  no turkish seem to hate armenians much more than greeks , but i could be wrong . 
  i find it interesting how average turkish person hates armenians with a passion , i do n't get the feeling they hate greeks as much although growing up i thought they did . 
  tldr : novartis was bribing greek doctors ( 4,000 + ) to use their brand of medication , basically turning them into drug dealers . 
  you should really see if you can , 3-5 ,000 $ / euros could get you a car , license , and insurance for a year . 
  and it not only will end up saving you a ton of money on rent but you will have a transportation to enjoy the city . 
  do you have the option of purchasing a cheap used car ? 
  you can likely find cheap places with a small commute . 
  dublin is the place to be imo . 
  and good music, 
  i 'm telling erdogan on you , prepare your anus . 
  how is that even an insult ... 
  is n't chp supposed to the more liberal `` moderate '' party in turkey ? 
  the area is known as bouchari near kozani , greece, 
  this is how wars starts in the balkans . 
  tsigani or yifto , where and when did the term `` romani '' come from to descripe gypsies ? 
  [ chevalie ] ( https://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/chevalier/ ) r is a new greek movie that has won a bunch of awards and on a lot of major websites top 20 list for 2016 . 
  my personal favorite greek indie movie is [ attenberg ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyfgzpzoddc ) and favorite european movie is [ [ rec ] ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygj_jpkoj1c ) from spain, 
  stop fucking making excuses asshole , it was 99.9999 % most likely some tiny little firecracker and the kebab people just got pissed for disturbing their business .
