  maybe where you live , but 99.99999999 ( repeating ) % of the time anyone says champions league it means the european cup which is dominated by the southern scoundrels . 
  we can send connor mcgregor after you . 
  he would have made a good it in the new movie . 
  you may be right , i read somewhere that iran government has the highest percentage of top 10 university degrees than any other government in the world , not sure if that is true or not though . 
  you can reach close to summit without any gear , but to reach summit you need gear to climb the last bit . 
  maybe iran-lite , a dictator who uses islam at it 's core to control the population but without the religious police like in iran and you most likely wo n't get executed for selling alcohol and hosting parties . 
  are you talking about eu or brexit ? 
  shaeuble did formulate a plan to remove greece from the eurozone , but italy , cyprus and france were extremely against it and would have vetoed it so there was nothing he could do . 
  he has made some positive comments about tsipras lately so it 's not all bad now . 
  that 's mostly on youtube comments trolling between both countries , i never actually met anyone that cared about epirus situation . 
  doubtful, 
  it 's also very recent history and what you said also plays a role . 
  when nationalists talk about constantinople it usually involves some long-bearded greek orthodox priest speaking in prophecies in some cave but when talking about cyprus it is more emotional . 
  cyprus is a far far bigger thing than constantinople to greek nationalists . 
  it will depend heavily on whether the russian  turkey  greece  eu pipeline goes smoothly , which it seems so for the moment . 
  russia is still not removing some of the harsher sanctions against turkey even now , i think they are waiting for the pipeline to be completed and then relations between turkey and russia should hit pre-crisis levels . 
  his family was killed yes , but macedonians still existed for nearly another two centuries , leading the greek city-states against rome in the four roman wars which is some of the most epic stuff in history . 
  it took rome nearly two centuries and four wars to finally defeat greeks , most people think it happened overnight . 
  it 's also funny when you consider that thessaloniki alone likely has more fighter jets , tanks and advanced military tech than the entire balkans combined , let alone skopje . 
  it could always be worse . 
  it depends on the person what music they like , if you think balkan culture can be summarized with music you are clueless to the last few centuries of what has happened there . 
  ethnic tensions have always been the case there , there have been many killings in skopje by albanian nationalists and vice versa so tensions are fairly high now even before these elections , this seems to be a new phase where red lines are being drawn for a potential conflict . 
  like i 've said countless times to other turkish posters , greek culture is not just eating baklava and sitting in outdoor cafes , that is more of a lifestyle and yes normal daily lifestyle is fairly similair between greece and aegean coast turkey as in there is a lot of people at cafes . 
  but besides that there are vast differences , greeks see themselves as the home of christianity and it shows in nearly everything , culture , dances , music , architecture , how people interact , etc and turks see themselves as devout and good muslims and it shows in their culture . 
  there is a reason why many argue islam vs christianity is a clash of civilizations . 
  that is just scratching the surface , firstly lets get in food . 
  greek and turkish food are nothing alike besides that in greece there is gyro which is a pork fast food . 
  the national drink of turkey is tea , in greece it is iced coffee . 
  the main 3 dishes in every greek home restaurant include either potatoes , pasta or seafood which is not very common in turkish food . 
  greeks cherish freedom and voted in a liberal to lead during the worst economic crisis in the western world , while turkey voted in a dictator during the best period in turkish economic history . 
  greek style dance , art , theater , literature , philosophy is at the core of what makes greek culture pulse in every town and village in greece , it 's everywhere . 
  greek and aegean coast turkey ( only some parts ) have some similarities in culture , especially what elders like you said and i know there are a lot of turkish youth who fit in more into european lifestyle than current turkey but there is a reason why these turkish youth want to leave turkey , the culture there is exactly opposite of what they want . 
  i am not trying to be rude but i find it annoying how some turkish people think that greek culture is boiled down to drinking ouzo ( retsina is more popular ) and sitting in outdoor cafe , yes it is a huge part of lifestyle but that is not culture , it is just a lifestyle activity that everyone partakes in . 
  if you want to argue about similair cultures using the examples you gave than turkey , greece , italy and spain have very similair cultures then but that is not the case , because there are so many countless other things that make up culture , it is an accumulation of hundreds of years of small things . 
  if aegean turkey was it 's own country than i would see it as a european culture , but right now the eastern turkey culture is dominating turkey right now and i do n't see that changing any time this century . 
  yeh , but balkans is paradise compared to anywhere in the middle east . 
  there is nothing wrong with helping syrians considering they are going through one of the worst wars of the last century but merkel made the mistake of making it seem that europe was the world 's refugee camp for all . 
  now italy is facing the task of dealing with a potential of 50-100 million africans who view europe as an economic paradise , and considering many of them are facing challenges similair to syria . 
  the biggest threat to the eu project as a whole is the refugee crisis , so there has to be a decision by eu whether to allow all migrants into europe or to see the eu fall apart some time in the next 100 years with a european-wide balkanization taking effect afterwards . 
  you forgot varoufakis , that must have been like dealing with a child that has tourettes syndrome . 
  greece produces 3 % of the total planet 's scientists , but 90 % of them leave greece , it is hard to create new industries when your most educated are leaving for germany and britain . 
  european space agency is a great frame-work for how a eu military command structure could work . 
  just copy/paste esa and call it european intelligence agency ( eia ) and go from there , that would ideally be the first step . 
  from there a comprehensive equipment and logistics breakdown could take place and then funds could be allocated where they need to based on future needs . 
  it would help greece , greece is spending a fortune maintaining the largest modern air-force in europe which also just ordered 500 million euros in upgrades to f-16 's and also purchased 10 f-35 . 
  the costs are very high so it would be nice to get some help at least for logistics . 
  also an eu air-force needs training , and there is no better place than greece . 
  because it is relevant since erdogan became dictator , i did n't post these before . 
  i have turkish friends who are pro-erdogan , it does n't mean i hate them , and i know 40-50 % of country wants to go in a different direction . 
  but at the moment erdogan is a dictator who has those under him threaten greece on a weekly basis . 
  no , albania will join in next 5-10 years . 
  turkey is simply to populated and since eu parliament is based on population size , turkey would be the ultimate authority in eu and germany/france would have to beg with turkey to get anything done ( lol ) . 
  it also does n't help that 80-90 % of turkish population views europe as some sinister crusaders hell-bent on destroying islam . 
  you 're the one spouting the erdogan historical policy of claiming armenians were `` rebelling '' and deserved to be killed and i 'm the idiot ? 
  greeks are n't the ones threatening to invade turkey almost every single week . 
  just in the last month , erdogan has said that lusseane treaty which is the offiical borders of greece is null and has urged his followers to fight against the `` unjust treaty '' , `` like bees in a hive '' as he put it . 
  he has made claims on numerous greek islands , turkish foreign minister has said last month that `` he will punish greeks '' with `` powerful turkish military '' and now turkey is challenging cyprus borders and has escalated tensions in cyprus economic zone with turkish government claming that cyprus economic zone also belong to northern cyprus even though that is against the law ( they found gas in waters ) . 
  the entire turkish government from top to bottom and nearly all the opposition parties act like golden dawn . 
  also the fact that armenians were dirt poor and had no weapons , it 's not like modern day where a dozen guys can get ak-47 's automatic rifles and cause havoc . 
  at most they had a few hunting rifles from 1800 's and used that as excuse to point at armenians as having an `` armed rebellion '' . 
  which has never been shown to ever have happened outside of turkish nationalist history books . 
  an invader being deported is not the same as a native people ( greeks/armenians/assyrians ) being massacred by the millions in their own homes . 
  greece had the option to commit its own genocide against turkish people , but instead chose to deport them all after the greek genocides . 
  there was call for blood in greece against turkish but in the end it was decided to do the civilized thing and just deport them , do n't ever compare the greek/armenian genocides with being deported . 
  eu should put north korea style sanctions on turkey if it does . 
  georgia gdp per capita is 3,000 $ , greek gdp/capita is 21,000 $ so a bit of a ways to go . 
  i get why most people think greece is poor but it 's not that bad . 
  only if each country is allowed to vote in referendum to enter and not up to eu politicians in brussels who enters or not . 
  i do n't give a shit what they call themselves personally , my only issue is that they created a fake history to try and represent makedon as a non-greek civilization . 
  not only was makedon a greek culture , they literally conquered half the planet to spread greek culture , which i find it so bizzare to call them non-greek culture , i do n't think it 's possible to be more greek in a historical sense than makedon , pre and post alexander . 
  greece is not a homogenous place like sweden though . 
  a cretan and someone from thessaloniki will have some large genetic differences . 
  from what i read northern greeks average 10-15 % slavic genetics while southern mainland/islanders are 0-1 % slavic . 
  even if something did happen , usa would just come in and bribe all politicians on both sides and everyone would stop . 
  this is more of an economic conference than a cultural one , china is using the piraeus port as its hub for world trade , at least by next decade as it grows . 
  this is an attempt to build ties between different continents to grow piraeus most likely , that is my best guess . 
  i think the russian winters must do a ton of damage to these buildings , all that ice getting into every crack in concrete and expanding/cracking the material every year for 8 months . 
  after 10-15 years everything would be falling apart naturally . 
  it was probably a wrong idea to go with concrete in russia , but i guess it was their only option . 
  this is how ultra-violent bar fights usually start from my experience with brits . 
  most likely just brazil style , with 50 + in a cell meant for 5, 
  arabs from me get along with each other but act superior to muslims from other regions . 
  [ this is the greek fm giving a speech in ireland a few years ago ] ( https://youtu.be/wofkcembrge?t=5m6s ) , he took over after varoufakis had launched the nuke button on the greek economy . 
  not all of it is going to foreigners , some of the biggest privatization sales are going to greek managed firms , if not a joint greek + foreign team . 
  there are a lot of greek + russian , greek + italian and greek + arab privatizations in the works right now . 
  imf/eu 's projection put greek debt at around 120 % of gdp by 2050 , and that is a conservative estimate by them . 
  that is an incredibly simplistic view of privatizations , even with the example you gave with the 14 airports sold to germany . 
  the airports are mostly in decent shape but many need huge infrastructure improvements , especially to accommodate more passengers , the airport on mykonos for example is very small for its potential for international tourism . 
  fraport germany has pledged to invest over 2 billion to upgrade the airports with the goal of attracting international airlines not currently flying to these airports , which has an overall massive potential to increase tourism which would also increase the local economy . 
  in general the only privatization i would be radically against is anything to do with water , besides that if there is a smart plan there is nothing wrong . 
  also syriza is the best thing to happen to greece just in respect to these privatizations . 
  the airport deal to fraport germany that nd agreed to was a mess , syriza 's negotiators and tactics in these asset sales is giving greece some really good deals , compared to the ones proposed by previous government nd . 
  i do n't agree with the agressive tone of the article , i suppose the writer felt the need to , i just found the statistics interesting . 
  i am not trying to paint the imf as a bad guy with posting this article , the main point is to show that greece has been giving a huge effort even during a 10 year great depression , and there is now positive momentum in privatizations and economic growth , i do n't think most people realize that greek government is not a complete mess as it used to be , although it could be much better . 
   given greece 's situation , describing them as a `` cash cow '' is a bit ironic , is n't it ? 
  it makes more sense when you realize that one of the core bailout laws put into place by tsipras/eu was to create a privatization fund to sell over 60 billion euros worth of greek assets within the next 3-4 years . 
  i personally think the privatization fund might be the best thing to happen to greece since greece pre-2008 was one of the most difficult countries to invest in , now with this privatization fund , it forced greece 's hand to allow more direct access to greece by wealthy investors . 
  only in the last 2 months over 10 billion in potential privatizations took place so there is a positive momentum . 
  i am not sure if the imf is profiting off these privatizations but i would n't be surprised if they were . 
  greece is expected by imf/eu to grow every year for at least the next 5-6 years under their own economic projections so it would be stupid to make a radical move now , maybe back in 2008 it would have been smart , but not now .
