  and i guarantee his successor will be even 10x more extreme to prove he is the `` new strong man for turkiye ! '', 
  the `` it 's just bantz ! '', 
  excuse wore off years ago . 
  turkish redditors have non-stop used this excuse for everything turkey has done over the last few years . 
  it was cute when erdolf was acting like an idiot to russia and syria but now he is trying to bully around europe , the `` it 's just bantz '' excuse stopped being funny when erdolf decided to become a sultan . 
  i 've seen the videos of the dutch while the battle was raging around them . 
  it would have been suicide to step outside of the base with a bunch of crazy killers roaming the lands around the base . 
  they were not some elite dutch force either , just some lightly-trained peacekeeping force . 
   collective order chaotic order is more fun, 
  the dictatorships in europe were under extreme circumstances , for example in greece a post-ww2 civil war between communists and us-backed forces led to a us-backed dictator for nearly 30 years . 
  turkey chose to become a dictatorship during the best economic and most stable period in their entire nations history . 
  that is just fucking crazy to me . 
  what exactly did dutch do ? 
  they were part of nato unit and did n't want to go out in the serbian forests and get likely brutally murdered for nothing . 
  i do n't think there was much they could have done . 
  the kraken always destroys the people that unleashed it , always . 
  this is true , the migrant arrivals were cut by 60-80 % even before the turkey deal , the turkey deal just put the final nail in the coffin for it . 
  thre are countless solutions , you could just use cruise ships to hold migrants while being processed or build a camp in north africa . 
  once this card from turkey is gone , we can start treating them like north korea and isolate them since that is what they desire . 
  you literally have absolutely no claim to them , they were not taken from you , only given back to its citizens . 
  this is why every single nation on earth except maybe your pals saudi arabia would n't back you on this issue . 
  if you like to make a claim for the islands then bring it to international court , do n't make threats . 
  i did n't say leftism , but nazism did have a collective socialist approach to manufacturing , workers had a stake in the company for example . 
  chp is an ultra-nationalist party , i do n't see the `` social democrats '' in the party , only the ones that want to start wars and murder innocent people . 
  that 's like saying the nazi 's had both socialists and far-right thugs . 
  which it did . 
   chp is the main secularist opposition sound like a nice bunch . 
  ] ( http://en.protothema.gr/turkish-mp-threatens-to-hoist-turkish-flag-on-greek-islands/ )  `` i will go the islands and raise the turkish flag . 
  then i will fold the greek flag and send it to the greek government via courier service '' , turkish republican people 's party ( chp ) mp , tanzu ozkhan [ and another great quote ] ( http://www.keeptalkinggreece.com/2016/11/30/turkeys-opposition-challenges-erdogan-to-take-back-18-islands-occupied-by-greece/ ) , they are batshit insane  turkey 's government and opposition are delivering a nationalistic race targeting greece and cyprus . 
  after erdogan 's spin on the lausanne treaty , the `` borders of our heart '' and cyprus flag , the kemalists from chp joined the chorus asking him to reveal when exactly he plans to `` take back 18 islands '' from greece !, 
    speaking at the parliamentary party group but addressing the prime minister , binali yildirim , the leader of ataturk 's republican party chp , kemal kilicdaroglu said   `` in cyprus , this time the trnc * has 37 % of the land . 
  they want to reduce it to 29.2 % . 
  they want to sell cyprus . 
  we ask them : is this island ours ? 
  yes , they say . 
    should our flag be on these islands ? 
  yes , they say . 
  but there , there is the flag of greece . 
  then why do n't you intervene ? 
  we ask them . 
  and what do they answer ? 
  we have more important things to do , we have a leader and we are seeking a chair for him . 
    the greek flag is waving on 18 islands . 
  these islands belong to us . 
  you have it wrong . 
  greece is not some alcatraz prison because of some pathetic border controls in balkans , there are billion-euro gangs working in northern greece , both greeks and also albanians , italians , etc. 
  they smuggle the refugees through balkan routes using countless methods on both land and sea . 
  the only real solution is to build migrant camps on a eu-backed site , preferablly northern africa , but also something like cruise/container ships to hold the migrants can work also while they are being processed . 
  the migration flow would stop immediately if they knew everyone had to sit on a cruise ship and be processed before they step foot in europe . 
  merenda is better anyway, 
  erdogan is literally a cult figure , i do n't think is any question who will win the election , he likely already has his disciples all across turkey ready for action on election day . 
  this guy is literally trying to become a dictator , in his own mind he already has supreme control and rigging the election is a means to an end . 
   what turkish referendum ? 
   long story short , if yes wins then erdogan is an official dictator with supreme rule over all laws and courts . 
  germany also backed greece in nato aegean missions when cavusoglu demanded they stop last month . 
  he does n't even get this crazy with greece . 
  well if turkey does something in balkans it would be the same as an attack on netherlands itself ( eu alliance ) , thus they would have to respond by sending soldiers and materials to help balkans , ofcourse this is a 0.000001 % scenario but i think he/she does make a point . 
  oranges are now haram, 
  you can really push your cardio in the cold , it really does help a lot . 
  stupid kaffir and their stupid kaffir rules, 
   we actually contributed nato by joining korea war korean war , battle of hill harry - 300 americans and 200 greeks vs 20,000 chinese , [ interviews with the survivors of the battle ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nklsj6a3dmu ) from comments : the greek expeditionary force ( korea ) 849 men received a total of : - two ( 2 ) distinguished unit citations - one ( 1 ) navy presidential unit citation . 
  - two ( 2 ) army awards to the sparta battalion for the capture of scotch hill ( october 1951 ) and the defense of outpost harry ( 17 -- 18 june 1953 ) the hellenic air force was awarded the presidential unit citation for its heroic evacuation of us marines from hagaru-ri ( december 1950 ) . 
  the greek soldiers individually received for outstanding heroism and gallantry in the battlefield : six ( 6 ) u.s. 
  distinguished service crosses 32 us silver stars 110 us bronze stars . 
  19 members of the royal hellenic air force 13th flight received the us air medal ( top us air force medal ) turkey received : one ( 1 ) presidential distinguished unit citation ( as all the other participant countries did ) no individual turkish soldier received any medals or awards for outmost heroism as the greeks did . 
  edit : also in modern times , greece is responsible for air-patrol over balkans and eastern mediterranean among being a supply chain for western forces in mena . 
  they were american controlled puppets , that is why usa had such a negative reputation in greece until very recently . 
  i think this will be a big year for dutch tourists in greece , german bookings are already beating records and its not even spring yet . 
  no member of government made any statements like that , only places i saw this comparison were far-left/kke ( communist ) literature and protests . 
  nothing will beat italian scooters in post-apocalypse europe , they can run forever on a full tank of gas . 
  this is the type of stuff you would hear golden dawn say if they were leading the government . 
  true , but she is an informal leader of entire eu , you would think there would be some response , if not from a parliament member of her party . 
  why did n't she say anything when cavusoglu said last week that turkish military will punish greeks and that greeks are `` spoiled '' for having so many islands . 
  sneak invade corfu and take it for glorious dutch empire . 
  the population exchange happened after 1 million greeks were already murdered . 
  the first two steps to a multi-speed europe will be military and banking union 's i believe , i see both happening before 2020 . 
  are you following the current negotiations ? 
  greece has agreed to implement the remaining reforms and has already generated 5-6 billion euros in privitizations . 
  greek government is currently trying to negotiate a deal where it implements the remaining structural reforms in return for a plan for debt relief . 
  nigeria is going to be the syria of the 2020 's , just watch . 
  boko haram is an official isis militia now and is under the authority of al-baghdadi and they already control like 25 % of the country . 
  how the hell is this polish peoples fault always ? 
  if the pipeline happens , it would be a huge event geo-politically . 
  purchasing tanks without ammo is not that crazy . 
  there is no need to buy tons of ammo on the date of purchase , especially they are fragile and require strict care . 
  hovercraft are essential for greece , since greece has over 3-4 ,000 islands and hovercraft allow quick transportation of heavy equipment to the islands . 
   overspending on their military and buying absolutely useless stuff . 
  not really , the only notorious case of bad equipment in greek military was the purchase of assault rifles from germany which would over-heat . 
  the only other case i know of is the german submarine that would angle sideways when diving . 
  but most people now think it was a lie to get a better deal from the submarine maker . 
  it 's easy to say when you have no direct threats like france . 
  i still ca n't believe about the passenger plane that was shot down . 
  i worry that it is still going to require some catastrophe to unite eu . 
  i wish germany became aggressive with federal eu plans and started campaigning their ideas around europe to see the reaction , i honestly think it would be an overall positive reaction . 
  but was n't that part of the bail-out deal ? 
  as in they took a cut but in return got a guaranteed amount of money from the bailout . 
  also the amount that was cut was likely the interest , i doubt the initial loan was cut . 
  there are vast differences in culture just within greece , you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  i do n't think you also realize how all-encompassing orthodoxy is in greece , and the affect it has on daily life , including traditions , festivals , events , etc. 
  that is just scratching the surface but yes , vast differences .
