  this is the status quo , i do n't think any rockets should be fired unless turkey fires first so greece has international law on its side . 
  otherwise the status quo should stay instead of escalating . 
  they did n't build the f-35 of s-400 , they paid for it and none of it has been delivered yet . 
  the s-300 systems are currently being upgraded to s-400 this or next year also . 
  the main difference between the two is a bunch of modern radar equipment , i think the missiles are mostly the same though . 
  i 'm pretty sure he knows this , i still think it is an interesting idea and pretty creative . 
  must have cost him a lot of money to install to so i respect the idea . 
  i understood that as native families , it is smart if you want to prevent a future war in 100-200 years when demographics become unsustainable like which happened in balkans . 
  you either make a hard choice now to promote native growth while also helping immigrants or you just ignore it and hope things work out which it likely wo n't and will lead to a european-wide balkanization . 
  i know , my point is that you make it seem google/fb are `` good '' because they are not `` state controlled '' . 
  they absolutely are as close as you can get to being state controlled without actually having government officials in the boardroom ( there probably still is secretly ) . 
  google and fb are the two most powerful tools of modern intelligence gathering . 
  i wish silvio was my uncle . 
  my best guess is that they have concluded that these social media websites are being used to pinpoint ukrainian troop locations along the east which is leading to high casualties . 
  google and fb are basically cia controlled now , that is one of main tools of modern intelligence gathering . 
  weird title , makes it sound like a negative story about greece but it 's a positive one . 
  i guess it 'll get more clicks . 
  no ofcourse not , what is bad is that bild and other german papers make it appear that germany 's success is 100 % of their own founding and absolutely nothing outside of germany assisted their economic boom , because germans are just so damn smart and special , a true german only depends on himself , there is nothing that helped this boom besides german genius !, 
  the brain drain from southern europe to germany has been catastrophic on southern economies and it is only escalating every year , something like 50 + % of greek doctors and scientists are planning to go to germany after they finish government assisted school in greece . 
   but the us needs to be kicked out if they do n't change their support for the ypg . 
  this would only escalate their support for ypg and make it inevitable to have a us supported kurdish state . 
   romania does n't have a failing economy . 
  it 's growing . 
  the romanian government is the largest employeer in the country . 
  although i doubt you will crash like greece did since you do not have to worry about building up an army since you can just depend on other countries like greece to protect you that actually spent hundreds of billions of military . 
   pensions and social benefits in greece are much higher compared to estonia i believe the average pension now is around 500-600 euros a month after the reforms over the last few years . 
  i am sure your media is still saying the average pension is 2,000 euros a month though . 
  [ german economy boomed when euro was introduced . 
  [ china wants to use greece as a shipping and logistics hub for european , asian and even african trade . 
  ] ( http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/chinese-prime-minister-li-keqiang-looks-at-a-shipping-routes-map-at-picture-id450913576 ) also lots of other investments in energy and tourism . 
  the world has always been and always will be tribal , we are tribal animals , it is our nature to want to stick together with those of similair language , culture , moral codes and way of life . 
  there is nothing wrong with more than one culture existing on earth , you are advocating the destruction of every culture on earth for a single world culture , which will never work . 
  everyone but europeans are still 100 % hardcore tribal and will not give anything , meanwhile europeans are preaching how they can fix the world through opening all borders . 
  the earth has always been about survival of the strongest , if european culture is destroyed , a peace loving hippy `` one world '' culture will not replace it , what will replace it will be a more dominant culture . 
  i do n't think valyria is based off ancient greece , but just a general `` ancient '' civilization that was ahead of its time . 
  valyrians were already magical beings with dragons before founding valyria . 
  i think valyria was destroyed by plague and war so it might have some similarities with the fall of constantinopole . 
  braavos is based off the greek islands , at least all the scenes we have seen appear that way , heavy use of sea and trade and similair architecture to the islands , even with the colossus of rhodos entrance . 
  greece can be braavos , minus the bank . 
  greeks were massacred in anatolia , greece responded by deporting every turkish person to anatolia , i do n't think many were killed , likely less than 500-1 ,000 if that . 
  you do n't `` die in exile '' , they were actually relocated to anatolia , that 2.5 million number is not total deaths , but mainly deportations . 
  the stuff you posted does n't refute a genocide took place . 
  basically your argument is that turks and armenians were having skirmishes , which i think is fair to say and then . 
    when the turks gained ground on armenian villages they wreaked their vengeance , assisted by such kurds you are not denying a genocide took place , you are trying to justify a genocide which is just as bad if not worse . 
   despite the fact that the crimes were the reason leading to the ** relocations ** `` relocations '' aka death marches, 
  i ca n't feel much sympathy for nd and their far-right oligarchs that were fleecing the banks with bad loans for 20 years . 
  90 % of them are legitimate criminals and should be treated as such . 
  no , but the first king of greece was bavarian , the flag was used for greece between 1833-1862 . 
  fun fact , one of the most popular beers in greece is fix beer , which was created by king ottos personal brewer he brought from bavaria . 
  [ this is king otto ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/6b/ca/af/6bcaafc4f25b05105b66b3e95c046d41.jpg ) after he was exiled from greece , still wearing his traditional greek outfit . 
  hes a compromiser , he is very skilled at bringing two sides together , like how brought together syriza which is a party of dozens of smaller left parties , allied with the far-right to form a government which is unheard of for left governments in europe and got rid of many of the extreme radicals in syriza to push negotiations forward and his plan worked out . 
  i do n't think he will lose next elections , he has a master-plan that seems to be unfolding now with all these economic deals that are rolling in . 
  greece should be one giant favela for the way tsipras and varoufakis acted in negotiations , so i ca n't blame eu states for being anxious about greece still . 
  tsipras is becoming a very good leader and needs to build trust again , but it will likely take a decade . 
  the german airport deal was just a cover to sneak in thousands of tanks for the surprise blitzkrieg of crete . 
  althought i would n't mind if crete becomes german occupied territory [ if it means this flag makes a comeback ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0f/state_flag_of_the_kingdom_of_greece_%281833-1862%29.png ), 
  you used the most extreme example , water is a huge taboo in privitization almost everywhere , that has never been discussed with china . 
  chinese deals mostly revolve around shipping , railroad , highways and electricity . 
  major projects that i know of are the cosco piraeus harbor and the euro-asia interconnector ( connects electricity between israel/cyprus to greece ) . 
  all 3 , but they usually want different things , russians want real estate and energy , arabs want tourism investments and chinese are mostly trade and infrastructure related . 
   or exploit soil richness in those underdeveloped . 
  [ china sees greece as the centerpiece of its `` silk road '' strategy ] ( http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/chinese-prime-minister-li-keqiang-looks-at-a-shipping-routes-map-at-picture-id450913576 ), 
  that was bild exxagerating a kke communist rally and a kke magazine that had merkel as hitler . 
  i have n't seen anything like that anywhere else so it was not a campaign . 
  it was not like government officials or newspapers were saying this . 
  i think what pissed off germans the most was tsipras pushing the ww2 reparations debate in the middle of negotiations , which imo was very stupid of him . 
  killing civilians would hurt their image , but damaging property is fair game for them . 
  shark tank is 1000x better , the profit is also great , replace lemonis with shaeuble going to a business and scrutinize it top to bottom in an angry tone . 
  same thing happens in athens a lot , most of the time they call the police to warn them of the explosion . 
  germany should create a tv show like shark tank , but eu only and each episode is for a different country which rotates every week . 
  i think the goal with the airports is to keep those who are already working there and only add some necessary positions like for emergency medical staff and things like that which is lacking in greek airports . 
  i am sure the construction will create a good amount of jobs but no exact figure is known . 
  germany was less than a month or two away from complete air domination when german borders were being squeezed . 
  messershmit was estimated to be able to take down 10-20 allied planes on a single flight and germany had the blueprints and infrastructure to build 1,000 messershmitt jets a month before germany was being surrounded . 
  they announced plans to upgrade corfu airport first and modernize the rest to high standards , almost all of them will require major work according to fraport . 
  pakistani 's and bangeldshi not from mena and they are causing chaos in europe with extremely high crime-rates . 
  the issue is that europe is not the world 's refugee camp , eventually something will have to give , likely around the time europeans are minorities themselves . 
  europe deserves to be protected and keep its identity just like every country on earth . 
  nobody calls japan nazi 's for having the strictest migration policy on earth , but europeans are for just floating the idea that importing millions of unskilled and most of the time incapable migrants do n't belong here . 
  it 's really not that bad , crete/rhodes would be best options for warm weather , and you can still swim . 
  it is a good time to go if you want to experience local culture more than during the busy season . 
  the problem with the euro is that it is incomplete , the founders of of the currency understood this and predicted a situation like piigs which would force the eu to reform . 
  at least the eu is attempting to reform , although at a snails pace . 
  greek tourism ministry main priority is to extend the tourism season all year around , they are heavily promoting athens and thessaloniki as `` hip '' winter destinations and islands are very cheap in winter also . 
  mainland greece probably has the best nature tourism in all of europe if you are into that thing . 
  also thessaloniki is amazing and one of the most fun cities in europe . 
  [ greek finance ministry is working with german state of brandenburg for technical assistance on doing this soon . 
  ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2017/05/01/finance-ministry-mulling-ways-to-stop-fiddling-of-cash-register-records/ )  once this system is in place , the finance ministry intends to introduce a similar system linking cash registers in retail outlets directly with the taxis system , so that it can monitor all retail transactions in real-time . 
  like i 've read here beore , brexit to those who wanted to leave only makes sense if uk was the first of many countries to leave eu , since `` eussr '' is evil and horrible and nobody wants to be in it !, 
  must be kind of awkward now , although eu still needs to reform and be more open and push for investments to boost youth employment , otherwise brexit people might end up being right . 
  most countries would have gone into civil war with 30 % loss in economy , 30 % unemployment in a 10 year great depression like in greece . 
  im not sure how uk would react in a similar situation . 
  maybe because people now that the cars are built to higher standard now , i would not be against buying a new vw , they are nice . 
  i think that is basically the exact moment yanukovich realized it was all over for his regime in ukraine . 
  [ more like this ] ( https://i.makeagif.com/media/3-01-2014/_mecxf.gif ), 
  i am not talking about suicide bombing . 
  i am talking about trained soldiers with plastic explosives . 
  ambushes , guerilla warfare , etc. 
  if you watch syrian videos you would understand how devastating they can be to enemy soldiers , you ca n't invade a mountainous area quickly , it 's not like some video game . 
  i doubt it , but i do n't think you understand how much damage a single person with explosives training and a few kilos of plastic explosives can do in mountainous terrain .
