it is never going to happen imo , these never ending negotiations are just an excuse for bureaucrats to keep their jobs . 
  military industrial complex, 
  you can take athens if you like , please just take it . 
  the left used to represent the working and middle class , now it represents everyone but the working and middle class , that is the main issue . 
  i ca n't see link on my phone but it 's probably the same single image i 've seen a thousand times . 
  there was no mass scale media push this agenda . 
  german tabloids were relentless often using this single image as an excuse to continue . 
  nobody thought germans were nazis . 
  only place i 've seen that are from communist rallies and papers from kke , a stalin inspired commie party in greece , they are hated by everyone . 
  german media during the height of the crisis brainwashed germans to think greeks sit around blaming them for their problems or something . 
  i still have yet to ever talk to anyone that brings up germany as the source of the problem in greece , ever . 
  the only people anyone blames are greek politicians , it just depends which ones you blame the most , as people have different opinions on that . 
  julian assange, 
  if you go to greece , visit athens for 1-2 days and go straight to greek islands , i recommend dodekanese . 
  there 's a reason greeks call irish the greeks of the north . 
  `` more siesta '', 
  i am sure there are much cheaper options , like a 10-20k budget version , etc. 
  for 135k it must be a luxury version of the tour . 
  hopefully greek government makes it a requirement for albania to fully disburse all those affected before eu negotiations continue . 
  95 % + of greek wines never leave the greek market , that is the main problem . 
  i honestly do n't even know what wine brands get exported . 
  dublin is shaping up to be europe 's tech capital , best chance is for lisbon to be an iberian centered tech capital , same way thessaloniki is aiming to be a balkan tech hub . 
  duopoly 's is the most common, 
  greece makes the best wine ( with the worst marketing ) , fight me irl . 
   ** can ** of tomatoes, 
  can you imagine bringing a girl to a date and being stabbed by islamic state in the middle of hamburg ? 
  it would be crazy to have a large gang of serial killers who are willing to die for their god . 
  that is crazy . 
  things like old testament or dead sea scrolls , etc are basically gold mines for historians . 
  a lot of it is myth intertwined with real history but experts know how to find the real history from documents like those . 
  i would still rather be in a turkish prison than an american one . 
  absolute bullshit , all you see is christian/ancient greek history on these islands , most of the `` monuments/mosques '' erdogan states were older monuments or buildings that were altered during ottoman occupation . 
  one of my favorite places in the world is the old city in rhodos . 
  built by crusaders after they fled jerusalem . 
  one of the pillars was used as a tower for a mosque in ottoman times . 
  this is the `` history '' this idiot thinks is his . 
  i ca n't imagine merkel quitting any time soon , she still looks very healthy and enjoying her role as chancellor , i do n't picture her as someone who chooses to sit on the sidelines . 
  after seeing midnight express . 
  i think the prisoners would welcome it . 
  i am sure it could be done if there was a will , it just seems like the only logical way to handle this instead of `` let the boats sink '' or on the other side `` let everyone in '' . 
   well we have seen that system fail and now we need a new system just take a small uninhabited island between italy and greece , declare it an eu special zone no affiliated with a specific country and put all asylum applicants there , that is the only logical thing to do . 
   this means that your countrymen are just not willing to have a relationship of solidarity with other eu countries . 
  good point do n't forget that italy + greece are taking a massive hit from russia sanctions and it would do both our countries enormous favors to block these sanctions . 
  but we do n't because we are in solidarity with ee/v4/etc . 
   but , if you want to desintegrate the eu , please continue . 
  eu is n't going anywhere as long as germany exists , which is a good thing imo . 
  we need a closer union , and think long-term ( 50-100 + years from now ) . 
  germany could and should be the great uniter of europe , i just hope they accomplish it . 
  they were all heavily altered with syriza negotiators which caused a lot of tensions during negotiations . 
  it 's true . 
  germans were planning to launch operation barbarosa in april , the plan was for italians to steamroll greece like rest of balkan . 
  italians were massacred in epirus mountains by greek guerrillas who became notorious for suicide missions . 
  germans were forced to send an entire land-air-sea force to greece and it pushed back invasion of russia to july . 
  hitler was so angry at this he did not allow italians to march in the athens victory parade until mussolini begged him . 
  the only positive side to this is that i would rather have syriza negotiators striking these privatization deals than nd/pasok . 
  there are some very smart minds in syriza , tsipras can be an idiot at times but he knows to surround himself with very intelligent people ( except varoufakis ) . 
  the recent cosco , fraport and admie privitizations were good deals for greece . 
  i would never trust nd/pasok with striking deals that did n't just line their own pockets . 
  pastitsio  moussaka, 
  that 's why we like you . 
  i upvoted you because i agree , that cartoon was sickening , the dust had barely settled and they were already `` witty '' . 
   the uk is one of only two countries that actually have significant armed forces the eu greece has almost 10x more tanks than uk and produces its own [ leo 2 variant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmtwps9ah-u ) . 
  equal amount of fighter jets but greece has the advantage of being in dozens of dog-fights every week with turkish forces ( keeps air force on its toes and battle ready ) . 
  uk obviously still has a far superior force but greek government went insane with military spending after cyprus invasion . 
  that is basically the motto of every balkan country . 
  i think nukes against sea targets would be guaranteed , that is basically how ww3 would start . 
  but besides that i do n't think they would use nukes on land targets . 
  european armies are mainly built for self-defense not invasions . 
  half of greece mainland for just around 400 years and southern greece and most of the major islands for something like 200 years . 
  as far as the ottoman empire being great , it is hard to say , at the beginning possibly but it fell apart rather quickly . 
  also very small attack boats holding up to a dozen surface to air missiles . 
  quick and easy to camo , almost impossible to see it when hidden with camo sheet over it , just sits in middle of ocean and waits to launch . 
  these are great for aegean , which is why greek navy has focused on it . 
  why exactly does halal have to be legal ? 
  i do n't care what some idiots think , it should be banned . 
  nobody has any idea what happens to navies once the surface to air missiles in the thousands flood the sky , it is all theoretical . 
  imo , navies would be useless in a major power war, 
  finland is in eu and very important front for nato . 
   getting pushed around now yourself quite a lot ? 
  for corporate tax havens that affect greece , it is mostly bulgaria . 
  i think a common corporate tax law among eu is a fair proposal . 
  blockades historically always lead to major wars . 
  and nobody is going to war with the uk any time soon . 
  but now you are screwing all the rest of us . 
  seems hypocritical ? 
  the difference is that in the past , most people were untrained and had no weapons . 
  so of course you woul run and try to regroup and plan some kind of action . 
  in case of an invasion all the males ( and many females ) would have to report to the officers and set up the front-lines . 
  back in the day it was all hand to hand combat , now a single person with explosives training could take out an entire convoy of trucks with a click of a button . 
  yeh , but greece achieved the first allied victory of ww2 , that is where all those famous quotes about greeks from fdr/churchill come from , it was the momentum shift that led to the defeat of the axis since before the greek victory axis were just steamrolling everything in sight . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  i can assure you , nobody would run except maybe 70 + year olds and children . 
  all of those islands are full of advanced weapons and military are everywhere . 
  the greek baby boomers deserve the blame , they grew up in a corrupt pseudo-fascist state post-ww2 where corruption was the norm and expected . 
  the shitty part is the under 35 's who are taking the blame and will never have an easy time their entire lives . 
  cyprus but that is not an option, 
  it is not all of greece but a large amount of the islands near turkey like rhodes/chios . 
  turks would have to genocide every single person on those islands to inhabit them . 
  you can be honorary balkanite if you keep arguing about military strengths . 
  greece has n't fallen below 2-3 % of gdp on military since joining nato and still do .
