  why should law be changed ? 
  just to create risk for him to be kicked out ? 
  that 's not ok for me . 
  absolutely not different . 
  i think uk make a really bad decision when they open their borders so wide for poles . 
  in most cases we do n't send them our best people . 
  in most cases we send them `` patologia '' ( something like underclass , uneducated people with tendency to criminal behavior ), 
   who supports it that 's really dumb approach to problem . 
  and quite irresponsible . 
  especially if you do n't look from broader perspective . 
  more like different shades of grey with supporting mass immigration as really dark shade . 
  irresponsible . 
  relatively smart people are often irresponsible in some specific area . 
  if we are going to look too much from `` individual '' perspective and starts to more often ignore broader perspective where society looks more like organism and not like lonely isles we will be in trouble . 
  there is too much multilateral influence in society so reducing this perspective even more can be catastrophic in long-term . 
  too much immigration with not enough economic opportunities create radicalization in poor , immigrant areas . 
  radicalization of immigrants creates growth of support from `` native '' europeans for dangerous political groups . 
  there is just too much social and economic problems with mass immigration and defending it is extremely irresponsible . 
  he was one of the best public speakers in history . 
  i am ok with him . 
  it 's true , no one can be 100 % evil , even hitler . 
  and i prefer some diversity here instead of making this sub echo chamber without `` controversial '' opinions, 
  mass immigration always causing some problems so you technically agree with him . 
  lol , right side of the war . 
  you need to learn more about ww2 . 
  so you are prejudiced . 
  what do you mean by worked ? 
  he was raising his son . 
  these parties rule or ruled 38m country . 
  if they are n't smart how stupid are rest of us ? 
  yeah , yeah . 
  everything is ok and people who think otherwise are `` sheeple '' ... 
   king of poland nope . 
  just king . 
  a lot of good things happens every day . 
  ... and ? 
  i 'm not sure why you answer to not-too-serious comment with your story . 
  but yeah , racism in poland happens . 
  `` less racist '' is n't equal with `` not racist at all '' . 
  i can translate it if it 's so hard to understand for you . 
  we do n't have very tolerant society but i was sure that muslim would be much lower than black/jew/asian . 
  we are less racist than many people think , hate in poland is more focused on islam as culture/ideology than ethnicity/colour of skin stuff, 
  people often associated romanians with romani people ( gypsies ) who have bad reputation in europe . 
  nothing wrong with g8 citizens having opinions but why they called it `` reputation index '' ? 
  [ there is man vs horse marathon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/man_versus_horse_marathon ) and horses usually won but distance is little shorter than traditional marathon distance . 
  so you can be proud because you paying taxes and help your country , not proud for being polish/irish/european . 
  you can be european and avoid paying taxes . 
  there are two different things . 
  someone can feel good with their sexual orientation/ethnicity/colour of skin but being proud of being gay , spanish or white is something silly for me . 
   a bratwurst and a bier ? 
  now pick one of two, 
  you called poland `` bolan '' . 
  why ? 
   ahh , so suddenly it 's not about commemorating and heritage anymore things can have more than one purpose . 
  connecting heritage and education is pretty common . 
  many people did n't heard about warsaw uprising or does n't know too much about it . 
  i 'm polish but i 'm not ant-german and most polish people are n't . 
  your `` facts '' are n't facts at all . 
  no one is insulted . 
  some people are stupid enough to `` feel '' insulted without good reason . 
  if they would want to punch my face then i will defend myself . 
  modern germans are germans , nazi germans are/were germans but modern germans are n't ( usually ) nazi germans . 
  anyway you can still use term `` germans '' when talking about nazi germans and/or modern germans . 
  do n't be so paranoid and acting like someone wants to harm you by using correct term . 
  oh , you `` feel '' something . 
  rest of the world need to act differently because your `` feelings '' are at stake . 
  from azerbaijan maybe, 
  maybe they want to make this more understandable for people from other countries , who often have no clue about warsaw uprising . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  i do n't agree with you that being anti-german is part of polish identity . 
  it looks for me like this statement is pretty anti-polish itself . 
  not less or more than minute of silence after some tragedy before football game . 
  it 's related to 73rd anniversary of warsaw uprising and honestly i do n't see anything wrong in this display . 
  just heritage thing . 
  some of supporters can be really shitty people but display is alright . 
   if my parents came from a shitty country and i had the opportunity to be born in a good country they probably think that uk economy is good but culture is shitty . 
  imagine if you need to choose between being homeless person in new york or being rich man in riyadh . 
  do you integrate into saudi society ? 
  there is possibility that kazimierz the great was rapist ( klara zach ) and he was from medieval times so there is not big chance he would be ahead of my three picks . 
  i am on his side . 
  you can focus on `` we are far away from perfect '' and feel depressed or on `` we are making progress '' and feel decent . 
  i would love to get $ 10 millions from bill gates but i definitely understand him if he would not be as enthusiastic about it as i am . 
  that 's way it 's `` works ok in comparision to '' , not `` works ok '', 
  a lot of different factors influenced situation . 
  cultural differences , number of migrants , integration policy , economic opportunities etc. 
  and it 's not like everything works ok for germany in comparision to sweden . 
  that 's false thesis from your side . 
  sometimes it works better , sometimes not . 
  good for them though . 
  maybe it would be better to destroy this piece without contribution from migrants ? 
  mcdonalds is not close to auschwitz camp but in o\u015bwi\u0119cim town , close to mall and other ` normal ' buildings, 
   business owners must be free to deny service to people if their religious beliefs what ? 
  iirc a lot of people were saying trump has no chance to became potus . 
   even if it hurts both parties if groups that are more extremist than current saudi rulers get more influence because of strong and rigid stance from our side then maybe we should n't do it too rash, 
  something about influence that saudi arabia has in region and something about possible negative consequences of destabilizing middle east even more . 
   then why you still use your car probably to drive from one place to another . 
  i will be there next week , 
  well , saying `` women usually do n't have problem '' is n't really accurate . 
  i used wrong words but they are generally less homophobic than men . 
  of course there is many other factors which influence final result and in country where 47 % of people do n't accept homosexuality you definitely find a lot of women in mid thirties being against,
