my bad . 
  to burn it . 
  reasoning is that western countries make limitations of his economies because of dealing with global warming and you not and you take advantage because of that . 
  imprisonment can be classified as torture too . 
   pedophiles go to jail . 
  period . 
  pedophilia is psychiatric disorder , not crime . 
  why pedophiles who do n't break the law should go to jail ? 
  i would understand compulsory treatment but jail ? 
  they can but do n't be hurraoptimistic about that . 
  looks like you based your opinion about usa on stereotypes . 
  label war , they probably start to call them `` populist '' soon, 
  providing education for kids is good thing even if you do n't want them here , at least on mass scale . 
  they should learn them english if possible . 
   they do n't want any immigrants coming to their countries not true . 
  problem is about too much quantity and too less quality ( i mean potential to adapt , integrate and being profitable for economy ) of course there is some really racist people but it 's minority, 
  ok , next option are canary islands . 
  `` do you hate brown people ? '', 
  was question in brexit referendum ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  exactly . 
  there is so many factors about refugee/migrant crisis other than race that assumption that is all about hating them because `` they are brown '' is ridiculous . 
   in october 2015 67 % of respondents said that refugees are dangerous and should not be allowed inside hungary it 's not about hating brown people . 
   the guy was radicalized in germany and not in syria radicalization of immigrants in germany is effect of bad planning of immigration policy without good economic opportunities and integration programs . 
  generally catholicism is bad , islam is worse . 
  [ great ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/114/139/tumblr_lgedv2vtt21qf4x93o1_40020110725-22047-38imqt.jpg ), 
  we have different definitions of `` fun '' . 
  sure . 
  you are wrong in your posts about behemoth not being heavy metal band . 
  you are n't correct . 
  muslims maybe ? 
  i know it 's not truth and i 'm not even from germany . 
  in my opinion you are biased . 
  but why they call them `` anti-immigration party '' when in reality they are `` anti-mass-immigration party '' ? 
  it 's huge difference . 
  man , it 's pretty racist . 
  or at least devilophobic . 
   we have history books for something right i hope not for generalizing . 
  right-wing or left-wing are oversimplified terms and focusing on them too much is worthless, 
  show them how should it be done and take all of them, 
   as you put it , it would take peace and quiet in the middle east , africa , and all of europe , before the pole can leave hate behind and build a nation free of xenophobia it was pleasure to discuss with you as long as you do n't start to put words in my mouth . 
  nope . 
  problem is that you talk only about these 206 refugees when poles see big picture in whole europe , middle east and africa and try to predict long term consequences . 
  i think poland is quite safe place and we do n't have so much big hate crimes like paris 2015 , brussels 2016 or nice 2016 . 
  of course we can be even better but i hope responsible immigration policy helps us with that in long term . 
  with mass immigration of people with different cultural background racial tensions would be more difficult to handle . 
  we can see that in france and many other countries . 
  so much less willing to make short sighted decisions about immigration policy . 
  i think that 's better term than `` strength '' . 
  of course it helps your narrative to call it like that but from my point of view there is no reason to make bad decisions just to appear strong or tough for you . 
  immigration policy should be responsible first , big-hearted second . 
  i do n't care about acting tough . 
  i heard about cologne events , rotherham scandal , clichy-sous-bois riots etc. 
  and i am not sure western way with dealing with these problems is best way imaginable . 
  i do n't like that radical groups grow their support in poland but unresponsible germany policies help them . 
  but i 'm happy that there is many people against mass-immigration in poland who are n't racists , xenophobic . 
  they just have some common sense . 
  i do n't really think west handled that problem much better . 
  there is sort of moral hangover and in situations like cologne new year 's eve your media ignore and your police hide informations about assaults . 
  you trying so hard to be as far from nazism/racism/xenophobia as possible that sometimes you lost common sense . 
  compare north and south korea, 
  mass immigration , lack of good economic opportunities and wealth inequality with ethnic background is great field for radicalization of next generations , not otherwise . 
  probably because of that there will be also growth of number of germans supporting far right ideologies . 
  or maybe you are like slowly boiled frog . 
  i 'm not really sure too much germans predict 1945 in 1933 . 
   uk does n't see the similarities not 100 % true but to be clear their immigration policies about poles are pretty bad and they have a lot of polish criminals living there . 
  we should learn from their mistakes and do n't be open for everyone . 
  it 's not like we will start repeat western europe mistakes about immigration policy because of fear of calling us bitter words like xenophobia , racism etc. 
  some polish people are racists , some are xenophobes , some just learn from your mistakes and prefer responsibility . 
  cultural differences between western and eastern europe are much smaller than between europe and middle east and this is main problem with accepting immigrants from middle east . 
  `` dealing with integration '' still cost y billions and the lives of z europeans . 
  and because of lack of efficiency with executing option a so far , support for anti-immigration parties is growing . 
  some of them are far right who can be similar cancer for europe as radical muslims are . 
  option c is probably best long term . 
  but still very hard . 
  they look cool together . 
  iconic duo . 
  one of the nicest skyscrapers in europe . 
  or maybe it was false flag operation . 
  there is a lot of possibilities . 
  yeah , and this is why we should try to keep europe safe and peaceful continent and we need to remember that mass immigration of people with much different cultural background can be dangerous for modern european societies . 
  social , economical and cultural differences between western and eastern europe are n't as big as between europe and africa but yeah , western europeans should be more reasonable also with immigration from eastern part of our continent . 
  uk made mistake , they should have more restrict immigration policy for polish and other eastern european people . 
  many polish criminals live in uk because of too open immigration policy . 
  and me and africa is even more troublesome because of bigger economical and cultural differences . 
  by cultural differences between refugees and hosting country ? 
  not at all . 
  and that 's very important when you thinking about opening borders for so many people . 
   european countries are growing more prosperous constantly . 
  `` wow !, 
  our economy is so prosperous !, 
  let 's open borders for everyone in africa and middle east and see what happens '', 
   would you swap places with someone from syria , algeria , morocco or sub-sahara africa ? 
  problem is that uncontrolled mass exodus can make europe second syria or second sub-saharian africa so we , lucky ones living in first world should deal with it in rather hardheaded way instead of being naively idealistic . 
  yeah . 
   the law should be that the two members need to be two actual individual people why it should be like that ? 
  if you really want to change it , why not just change it to one member needed ? 
  if you do n't like one-person parties then just do n't vote for them . 
  nope . 
  best option is to focus on one that has most destructive potential .
