  to be clear : i 'm not talking exactly about abolishment of constitutional rights . 
  maybe somewhere it 's necessary to change constitution to make things better or maybe not . 
  my opinion is more general statement : law can be changed and people try to change it for better even if it 's difficult process . 
  of course it 's not easy thing to do but i still think people should try to change things for better . 
  as i said earlier it 's far from perfect . 
  there are some big problems here but it could be much worse . 
   no it most certainly does not depend on that  an exception is only made when ... 
  instead of using common sense you just do everything you can to disagree with me ... btw in my opinion what is good is stronger argument than what actually is law . 
  `` anti-homosexuality act , 2014 '' is law in uganda but for me it 's not `` period '' . 
  law can be changed . 
   but denying them rights etc based on their religion is exactly on par with racism . 
  it depends what exactly we want to deny . 
  religion unlike race is more like a choice , so it 's little more complicated . 
  it can be on par with racism but it ca n't be not , for example when someone thinks female genital mutilation is religious requirement . 
  i personally do n't care if values are `` european '' or `` not european '' i care if things are good or not . 
  being gay-friendly is good but opening borders for too many culturally different immigrants that you lost control about situation is not good . 
  people can criticize me for `` not belonging to western europe '' but if making bad decisions is needed to `` belong '' then i do n't really feel need to belong . 
  btw it would be really hard to keep `` homosexuality acceptance '' under 50 % in poland if we let in as much mena immigrants as some western countries . 
  it 's definitely not good but extremely high ? 
  look at ukraine . 
  i look at our czech friends with admiration though . 
  women usually do n't have problem with accepting homosexuality . 
  usually guys have problems with that and these who think homosexuality should n't be accepted are more vocal about it , especially online . 
  that 's not true . 
  i do n't consider myself racist , because i believe that judging people by colour of her skin or ethnicity is lame thing to do . 
  i am pretty sure that if `` they were all white '' will be only thing that would change in your scenario , my views remains the same . 
  but my views are n't racist . 
  muslims are n't race . 
  and i 'm not even islamophobic because i acknowledge that whole problem is more about socioeconomic situation than islam itself . 
  i ca n't be 100 % sure if tusk agree with me or not , if it is so important to you then find a way to ask him that question . 
  i would not be ashamed to express my views to anyone because i think they are reasonable . 
  it 's more about trying to avoid your mistakes than being `` racist '' . 
  you do n't adapt your immigration policies to economic and social conditions , you ignore how troublesome can be cultural differences when immigration is so massive and you do n't make good job with integration of younger generations of immigrant families . 
  instead of that you just learn to call people who see your foolishness `` racists '' , `` islamophobes '' and other labels . 
  and i am fine with that , i know that i ca n't convince you but i know that reasonable people will see how much bigotry is in your comments . 
  you are pretty convienent as an opponent in discussion . 
  muslims are n't race . 
  you know , islam is closer to political view than colour of skin . 
  and it 's not like we are determined to have zero muslims here - we just acknowledge risk with having too open immigration policy and trying to avoid mistakes which can be hard to fix . 
  you are cute but rather nonsignificant . 
   it is not like destroying your constitution and democracy is much better i agree it 's not good ... but it 's definitely better . 
  if there is no other options than repeating western countries mistakes about immigration policy or leaving eu then answer is pretty clear . 
  but it 's reasonable for us to looking for other options . 
  if only it were that easy . . 
  why everyone is calling pepe `` perry '' ? 
   arguing that something that is a countermeasure against homophobia will increase homophobia is pretty weak and not helping . 
  not really , look at migrant crisis . 
  news that eu wants to force poland into immigration quotas caused that many people started to loudly express anti-islam ( which can be good or bad , it depends ) or racist ( always bad ) opinions . 
  adult people do n't change their opinions in radically way too often . 
  but their opinions influenced kids and most important thing is to make kids who are now 0-13 years old as unprejudiced as possible . 
  forcing it now or `` na wczoraj '' when society is n't ready enough could result in increase in homophobia . 
  decreasing homophobia in actual , `` tangible '' world is more important than legal status . 
  fact that you want to make decisions without consideration of social circumstances make you pretty naive and short-sighted . 
  effects of evolution are more reliable than effects of revolution . 
  i agree . 
  i would love to see same sex marriages in poland but forcing it is n't effective . 
  every generation looks to be little less homophobic than earlier one so maybe 10-20 years from now it happens . 
  `` racism without race '' is anti-intellectual or - to sounds less academic - plain stupid . 
  p like peace, 
  yeah , same with another `` well accepted '' tool to discredit or silence opposing opinions : `` mansplaining '' . 
  sorry , it 's low quality bait . 
  we are not gon na take it . 
  japan ? 
  there is nothing about race in his post . 
  it 's only about ` culture ' . 
  saying some cultures does n't get along with others is n't racist at all . 
  stop mistaking it . 
  unacceptable if true . 
  it 's pity we ca n't deport white nationalists . 
  i think we can change warsaw flag , it looks boring on this map . 
  what do you think about mermaid with big tits ? 
  it 's just better to keep europe safe and trying to gain more influence in third world countries in order to make them safer , wealthier and stable instead of making europe less safe without improving situation in third world countries . 
  similar thing : in last french elections le pen have majority only in two departaments . 
  one was struggling with immigrants pas-de-calais, 
  i know this subreddit . 
  anyway , good dogs sounds better . 
  good dogs sounds better, 
  same with christianity, 
  sometimes , especially if you have unstable society . 
  and there is a lot of different dictators , not all of them were complete shit . 
  as long as sms schleswig-holstein will be not sent to gda\u0144sk for `` ceremonial visit '' we are cool with that . 
  power and influence still matter though . 
  they are n't best friends but business partners . 
  i do n't want to exploit these countries but develop them , improve living standards , education and create economic opportunities . 
  i think democracy is often overrated in underdeveloped countries with uneducated society . 
  call me stalin 2.0 but i 'm writing in good faith . 
  call me naive but current approach to development aid in africa is maybe even more na\u00efve . 
  second thing is to make european values more influent in sub-saharan africa . 
  i think european values are usually `` better '' than middle east & north africa values . 
  we need puppet states in africa to do it efficiently . 
  yeah , i 'm f\u00fchrious when they act that way . 
  i did not see this coming, 
  take only part of their moderates and try to support these moderates who stay in their countries . 
  in countries like egypt puppet dictator would be much better than democracy . 
  independence for warmia and masuria !, 
  they are troublesome , just not as much as muslim extremists . 
  yeah , tensions works both ways . 
  people named anton lundin pettersson can be as crazy as people named taimour abdulwahab al-abdaly . 
  we have a lot of problems with far-right nutheads in poland and creating `` sizeable muslim minority '' here would be like diet coke and mentos . 
  this is one of many reasons that rigorous immigration policy is a must for my country .
