will sikorski , aka william sikorski, 
  bucharest : dristor , calif , divan , dinesh , la haleala . 
  all can be found downtown in the historical center . 
  there are several `` luxury '' prisons in romania , where rich people end up being placed . 
  iirc , digi 24 does n't even play commercial ads, 
  there 's even more interesting stuff to be told about giurgiu-pyce, 
  yeah , it 's just a `` fun fact '', 
   the only bridge  alphabets , not language  only 3 european alphabets, 
  is this a trailer for an upcoming documentary film ? 
   they have romanian citizenship but they are not romanian this does not make any sense . 
  according to article 1 of the constitution , romania is a national state . 
  which means all citizens of romania belong to one nation , ie romanians . 
  change this to read `` multinational state '' if you want to be taken for serious . 
  or shut it . 
  nah , green is center . 
  grats for democracy !, 
  it really depends on how you quantify `` development '' . 
  dude , enough . 
  you 've been proven wrong , yet persist in showing off as a prick . 
  i personally think romania is a better place to live than finland , which pretty much makes your arguments invalid . 
  in bucharest ( romania ) , there 's a public high-school named `` benjamin franklin '' and also a street carrying his name . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  honestly , i would only vote for greens and pirates , that 's why i 'm sort of happy they sit together . 
  iirc pirates are affiliated to the european greens ? 
  actually , outlook and dimensions are organized by a collective from london and are heavily promoted throughout the uk . 
  as a consequence , i 'd say about 40 % of the attendees are from the uk , 30 % from france/germany/etc and the rest from eastern europe ( croatia , hungary , romania etc ) . 
  sziget is good but i 'd rather go to outlook festival and/or dimensions, 
  / r/realdubstep, 
  you 're so cute playing `` sensitive '', 
  and that 's exactly why i said you 're mentally challenged . 
  first of all , if you do n't know their track record , go read on them . 
  do n't have me do it for you . 
  because i am not their a&e biographer . 
  second , they belong to the generation that got the eu in trouble . 
  the generation of old and unremarkable people with old and unremarkable ideas . 
  how can any of them be the solution , when they are actually part of the problem ? 
  are you serious ? 
  do you even know who they are ? 
  or do you think they 're a bunch of young politicians who are taking the first steps in their career . 
  martin schultz is the president of the european parliament . 
  juncker is the president of the eurogroup . 
  as for verhoftstadt , he 's completely irrelevant . 
  schultz , juncker and verhofstadt are the same cats who got the eu in trouble . 
  keller terrible ? 
  op confirmed for being mentally challenged . 
  awesome !, 
  i love bulgaria !, 
  inb4 romanians/bulgarians did it, 
  hey !, 
  they tried to pass that bill but got caught red-handed and backed off, 
  i know, 
  you 're getting too technical for the sake of being technically accurate, 
  news websites in romania claim moldova signed the agreement this morning at the vilnius summit . 
  i doubt they organized the summit just to `` merely agree '' , 
  i think they sealed the deal, 
  grats !, 
  so they decided to let just 20 % of the population decide who gets appointed mep ? 
  smart democracy 101 !, 
  what does the people have to do with this ? 
  this was an organic law , passed abusively by a newly formed parliament who clearly does n't know what they 're doing . 
  i 'm not trying to find them excuses , but i 'll tell you this : they will implode under their own lack of skills . 
  do n't worry , we 'll take care of it . 
  is he saying feels are not a thing ? 
  i 'm even more intrigued by the fact that eurostat is showing northern moldavia , oltenia , etc separately, 
  dictai lista !, 
  pretty accurate list . 
  gypsy language is really catchy . 
  y' all should speak english , tbh, 
  what about `` la piovra '' , back in the day ? 
  corrado cattani fighting the mafia . 
  i grew up on that show , i used to find it real good . 
  i 'm afraid that 's not up to the european commission . 
  they made this data available so that data analysts can now step up , craft nice visualizations for the public and maybe make some money off it . 
  outlook festival is probably the crux of bass music festivals . 
  not much of a difference between their guitar synth sound and midi, 
  how do you call romanians ? 
  we eu now, 
  what would you expect ? 
  a cornershop ? 
  he actually returned to turkey the very next day after meeting iohannis, 
  2/10 got crooked eyes, 
  and he was sentenced , not sent, 
  not that shocking . 
  that 's how `` child protection '' public services work . 
  so , basically , by supporting or tolerating conspiracy theories , we are fostering a generation of young terrorists . 
  sad . . :(, 
  needs more material design, 
  yeah , man , it looks great !, 
  not sure if you 're really from puerto rico , but i find it intriguing how you have it all figured out better than most of the romanians . 
  and i 'm not even being sarcastic . 
  hehe , good point . 
  but think about the middle ages and all the migrating people that looted and raped throughout europe : huns , goths , mongols , vandals and so on . 
  they might have an important contribution to genes spreading out without containment . 
  i thought this survey was performed based on the y-chromosome variance , not geographic proximity . 
  i thought finland shares some language elements with hungary and estonia . 
  i think this quote should not be overlooked : < < however , merkel called for parliamentarians to realize what sacrifices people are making in countries not in the eurozone , like the baltic states , bulgaria and romania , and `` who do n't get so much attention . ''  , 
  dude , stop being a robot, 
  ok , here is my take on it . 
  iama 28-year old romanian , i lived in italy for a period of time and now i 'm in the usa . 
  romania and bulgaria had to secure their borders in order to be accepted in the schengen zone .
