so true about the surge thing , i got downvoted and insulted to hell for commenting that immigrants are good for some countries once . 
  there are only 2,6 percent migrants in saxony which is the state dresden is in if you wan na see look it up on wikipedia . 
  why would there be significantly higher crimes rates ? 
  yea maybe because of the pegida nazis burning down asylant homes and stabbing innocent immigrants . 
  also migrants cant get jobs in germany thats why they were discussing a greencard for that which i think has been stopped so thats again the states fault not the fault of the immigrants . 
  also i cant give you sources for crimes not committed by immigrants . 
  because this sub is pretty right winged at some times and always hates immigrants even though they are proven to be good for a nation . 
  most of the people at their protests are really old so that problems solves itself if you give it time , if you know what i mean . 
  also it is weird how the people in dresden protest if their part of the country has like 2 % percent foreigners only . 
  they declared independence from moldova 2 decades ago and a war followed that where they were supported my russia and until now they have been russian loyalists . 
  no but they have an autonomous region that is a russian puppet . 
  it never calmed down that much . 
  i like to look at this map sometimes http://liveuamap.com/, 
  true true, 
  maybe they were thinking about how he had many positions as minister and almost became chancellor , perhaps they just meant hungry for positions . 
  but im not sure . 
  the bitter man thing is a statement by an spd member not by the article itself though i agree the swabian background thing would have been far interesting . 
  the answer really is simple , and i agree with him . 
  well poland has been in very good times lately so if the plans of the government are well planet , not to say planned with german precision , then i could see large improvements inside of poland in the next few decades . 
  my optimistic guess would be a far shorter time span from 10-20 years until there are large and visible imprvements where you could compare poland to germany or the netherlands . 
  i think ive said this before somewhere else but duda stated that he wouldnt want poland to join the euro before increasing life quality of poles to a level of germans or dutch . 
  they are beeing rearmed with towels . 
  yea !, 
  its ours . 
  im pretty sure they have lots of non permanent police forces there . 
  that is a legitimate casus belli for us . 
  same thing kind of i mean the german politicians were far less interviewed on that matter same with other european politicians like the finns . 
  yea, 
  since it is not only greece we have to deal with in that crisis it doesnt . 
  dw.de is no that popular here and yes some do like spiegel or sometimes die zeit but that is basicly nothing . 
  pretty sure that runs over the national and central banks aswell as banks like the bank for international settlements . 
  i think in a situation like this that itself is a small crisis it is reasonable to demand that . 
  though im not sure if soldiers are really made for a situation like that . 
  german media should export itself more . 
  british bbc for example ist available in lots of countries , whereas german media only is available in german and because of that only in german speaking countries . 
  greek politicians in this crisis were a able to spread their populist propaganda in all of europe , focusing on how bad germans are and less on the crisis . 
  on the other side the german plans , insights and opinions werent heard much . 
  i dont think you can apply that saying anywhere in politics . 
  if you look at the dates on the declarations of war you can see that austria startet ww1 . 
  ww1 is just considered our fault becuase of the treaty of versailles which blamed us and us alone for the war , and we saw how that worked out . 
  ive never heard anyone scream allah akbar anywhere in public . 
  and also i wanted to say that there are far more other kinds of immigrants than muslim ones . 
  the ones aggressivly trying to convert people are horrible though . 
  the chilled ones can stay in my opinion . 
  and lastly im not leftist i am voting cdu in the next election . 
  i dont know i just stated that i didnt say i am agreeing with that statement . 
  i agree with you also the life standard of poles could be increased by more eu integration . 
  i just said can understand the position , not that i support it . 
  i think duda made a clear statement some time ago where he said something like that he wants to improve the life quality of poles to a level of germans or dutch before poland joins the euro or integrates much much further in the eu but he doesnt want poland to become less intersted in the eu or even leave . 
  which is a statement i can understand . 
  this sounds a little like the nationalsocialist book burnings in germany in the 1930s just dumber and shittier . 
  the disussions and the death threat i received in a pm say otherwise haha, 
  the immigrants that do n't have any education certainly are in the short run but in the next generation they are n't . 
  we also cut ourselves with our slow immigration since both educated and uneducated immigrants both ca n't work in that time if that were to be changed it would also minimise the costs a lot . 
  also i 've never seen a study that shows that the descending immigrants are a net drain . 
  i doubt it will become muslim since most immigrants are not muslim but i also would n't care that much unless they a radicals and non tolerant . 
  in the short run yes totally , but in the long run even the `` illiterate eritreans help the economy by getting kids that will go to school . 
  yes i totally agree and yes that process needs to be more effective, 
  it may be that they have worse chances but still they would receive an amount of education that is enough for lots of jobs . 
  on the long run immigrants that stay here are also likely to have children which will get education on a same level as germans . 
  there is no place in germany for racists . 
  there is no place for them in any modern nation . 
  in my opinion we need even more immigrants , we do not have enough workers every year jobs are staying unemployed . 
  also there are too many old people and their numbers are growing whereas the number of young people sinks which risks out pension system . 
  immigrants are simply something we need because of that . 
  that is good to hear because of the heat wave here the harvest is expected to not be so great . 
  at least it is going well for le neighbours . 
  it is actually quite sad to see politics die a boring death here . 
  though when merkel resigns after the next term that would leave a big vacuum of power and stability that might end in major changes for the good or the bad . 
  just hoping that its not too late for major problems to be solved at that time . 
  i fully agree, 
  interesting to read and i must say i am one of the persons that thinks google is a bit scary and i like what the commission is doing . 
  instead of liberating britain from european influence , the `` brexit '' would make the country a european economic satellite . 
  it is not europe that will shape the 21st century . 
  the days when this continent ruled have long since passed . 
  yet we still have the resources to be significant players in the global conversation . 
  economically , monetarily , financially , militarily , culturally and , ultimately , politically , we continue to matter . 
  we can still promote multilateralism , the rule of law , fair competition , even democracy and social justice . 
  and whereas there is nothing we can dictate anymore , there is as yet no international law that we must abide by without having been party to its drafting . 
  this remaining influence only holds as long as we know what we stand for and remain together . 
  - jean pisani-ferry i would like britain to remain in the the union , not at every cost , though there are conformities in the wishes of lots of people about topics like immigration where the uk would get backing by a lot of states in the east . 
  basicly i think the voters of the uk would definetly vote for europe if the referendum was at a later date like 2017 which would give more time for negotiations and reforms to be made but the most crucial point is still the greek crisis if that matter would be given more time to be solved the referendum would be more pro-european i bet . 
  if it the greek crisis takes another turn worse then i suppose maybe we need a radical change like the brexist to wake the eu up and reform itself . 
  i read an article about this yesterday and if i recall correctly the biggest groups were syrian , iraqi and afghan people . 
  or the german job market has just proved those studies wrong as the minimum wage did have no effect on the job market here in germany unlike the beloved studies projected . 
  or to be neutral one could say that the german job market is stable and strong enough to not be horrible affected by the implementation or rise of a minimum wage . 
  that last a brit for how long ? ... 
  one afternoon ? 
  eu cares for your health !, 
  thirteen pounds to the eu , that is an outrage !, 
  how much tea could they have bought with that ? 
  1 million welfare recipients ( german welfare not yours ) of whom none will travel to the uk as they are assigned a place to live by the government , they arent allowed to choose . 
  its really true that anything that she says helps the brexit cause because all pro-brexit people use anything for their cause . 
  whyd you delete your comment ? 
  `` speaking during a news conference with nato general secretary jens stoltenberg in berlin , mrs merkel said : `` obviously , it is up to the citizens of the uk themselves how they wish to vote on the upcoming referendum . 
  i 've said repeatedly before that i personally would hope and wish for the uk to stay part and parcel of the eu . '', 
  shes basically threatening the uk omg . 
  oh also please try not to be so condescending and walk out when you are not able to change somebodys mind . 
  i agree , there has to be a climate in which companies mustnt be scared to hire new workers because of such thoughts but at the same time workers have the security of not beeing fired for no reason . 
  cya rather far leftie that ignores that france hurts itself with its radical and stiff regulations .
