  i have often received proof that this is the case . 
  they work as long as you feel in sync with them and believe they do , as with everything else . 
  my father `` passed '' two years ago and studying the loa made me realize no one really `` passes '' anywhere and we 're pretty much stuck in a dream of our own choice  mourning really stopped making sense once i opened myself to perceive his presence with me from somewhere else . 
  this is such a pivotal moment for you and do n't worry , you 're not bugging anyone on this sub  i emphasize with your sorrow but at the same time you 're shedding pieces of your old life and if your circumstances are changing so dramatically it 's because you 've made a huge step ahead and your reality is keeping up with it . 
  re your stepmom , focus on how much you loved each other and let that be your reality any time your `` real '' life allows it . 
  do n't think of anything else and i promise you will start to feel how love is timeless and question death as we know it . 
  big hug . 
  as an italian , we 'll never stop giggling when we hear this word . 
  i 've had a ban on all negative media for three years now , be it specific songs or movies etc. 
  no matter how silly people perceived it as , it was for my greater good and it changed my life for the better . 
  that 's just normal . 
  in italy we have a long-standing tradition of solar return studies , both aimed and traditional ones . 
  here 's a great book for beginners :, 
  `` hope is a slave and desperation is a free man '' . 
  does n't have to be that bad of course but i agree !, 
  when you give up , you give up control and that 's the most important part . 
  https://goo.gl/obaz1m these babies are driving me nuts . 
  hope the pic conveys their luminescence , but they 're not opaque enough to be carnelians and definitely not jasper . 
  never saw that black grid pattern before . 
  no way i 'd ever go for an aries man . 
  i 'm the boss here haha , 
  as an aries woman , this and a carefully selected line of poetry or literary fiction will do the trick . 
  forget about yourself and get all about her without being corny and you 'll get her attention back . 
  i 'm the same . 
  was back from an awesome mediterranean vacation yesterday , with that great vibe lingering on and i spotted this amazing-looking ( and probably average by national standards ) norwegian guy with two friends . 
  i 'm a sucker for anything scandinavian and plan to live there eventually - as a wannabe language student i love getting a chance to listen in on native conversations as well . 
  we ended up close to each other in the custom queue and exchanged a few glances . 
  i 'm a very shy individual so i did n't strike a conversation or anything , just enjoyed the moment and left it at that . 
  as soon as i got home i had texts from another scandinavian guy whom i briefly met almost a decade ago in iceland wanting to catch up and reconnect , as friends of course . 
  but just how cool is that ? 
  are we all dreaming tesla cars in this subreddit ? 
  i certainly am !, 
  lol, 
  have it in taurus and well ... feels pretty average to me tbh . 
  * squirrelwashere *, 
  i have been waiting for your aries sun , taurus moon profile for a couple of years now ; __ ;, 
  i 'm more of the opposite , as in i love gemini people and they never seem too fond of me ; __ ; must be my taurus moon-mercury conjunction or something, 
  agree, 
  sometimes i find myself picturing lily tomlin as a female gandalf and i think she would hold a candle to sir ian mckellen himself , 
  but why got ? 
  i 'm not really following it, 
  not in the mars effect study afaik - ca n't say i have browsed all of his material though . 
  i 'll ask the frenchies and get back to you , 
  stellium and moon in v house taurus , i 'm exactly the same . 
  add loving the outdoors because sag, 
  fellow intj here , too , 
  i just feel this mean , mobbing undercurrent whenever someone voices a somehow unpopular opinion , mirroring the pluto in libra / saturn in scorpio conjunction in my 11th house . 
  and i seem to remember two of the founders were '83 babies just like me . 
  guess i fit right in !, 
  totally !, 
  will get one in the near future, 
  i 'm here should you want to pm . 
  been feeling lonely myself lately . 
  k as an aries with tons of fire in my chart and an uber strong gemini venus ... 
  i ca n't get enough of them . 
  if they get annoying i 'll turn up the aries and scold them haha  but i have a moon/mercury conjunction too . 
  the only sun sign i feel sexually attracted to , as well . 
  as a gemini venus , i approve of this , but make that reddit or a newspaper rather than cosmo . 
  yay, 
  have the uranus - jupiter conjunction of the early 80s on my ascendant . 
  people say i have a very jupiter-like looks , but uranian eyes and have often remarked on how bright and blue they were as a kid . 
  i can outlast 5 year old kids energy-wise , am extremely lucky and have a very strong survival instinct . 
  jupiter makes my uranian tendencies less of an eyesore ... i am generally considered some sort of friendly , geeky weirdo but at the same time people often look up to me . 
  i did achieve a great deal on my own and without a solid foundation in life . 
  i tend to avoid unnecessary conflict and am generally well disposed toward others but i will defend my values if challenged . 
  but i mainly believe in walking the walk , leading by example etc. 
  follow your saturn , wherever it is in your chart . 
  you have to live through its limitations and transits before `` using it '' as a life coach . 
  but that 's where a lot of big `` how `` s lie . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  that can be a nice placement and it 's no wonder you 're asking about nuances , haha ^ ^, 
  it 's been stirring things up for a hundred years already . 
  i can think of a few analogies , but that 's no moon . 
  in a sense  but also it 's a quasi-satellite due to its orbit and distance . 
  i think jupiter conj nn says it all really , 
  to me yes , it 's a good thing amidst all the confusion ( neptune ) . 
  virgo is the sign of masses too , i think despite being unpopular ( 12th ) this will ultimately turn out to be good for the `` average folk '' . 
  ... no , really ? 
  that comes as a shock, 
  . . that 's what i find peculiar about it . 
  weak and empowered at the same time . 
  kind of reminds me of ... people, 
  i think discipline is what people lack the most , and when you 're not confident you have it in you to put in the hard work you 're eventually going to look for cheat codes . 
  caught myself doing that in the past . 
  as an aries female i never found them interesting at all , tbh . 
  broke everything off after a few dates with each of them !, 
  then again i 'm much more of a taurean-sag ... i 'd rather mingle with air signs . 
  yeah pisces - taurus is such a great jam  i only have an aries sun in the 4th house and strong uranus / jupiter influence in my chart which is basically held together by my gemini venus ( top of a yod ) . . i love geeky withdrawn and intellectually charming partners . 
  no room for aries i 'm afraid haha ^ ^, 
  eleventh , libra , conjunct saturn in scorpio , both opposing my sun in the fourth house . 
  i 've seen some sh * t and i 'm living proof people will exceed expectations when really challenged . 
  abusive father , poor childhood , could n't pursue an education , raped twice , raised among several mentally unstable people who abused me verbally and psychologically throughout my life ... left my country ten years ago and am now a highly specialized manager in one of the world 's top companies . 
  have an incredibly happy life and no regrets whatsoever . 
  still you 'd better not cross me haha ^ ^ have a bit of a temper . 
  they 're generally granted no room for depth unless their moon and domification allow it . 
  loads of great qualities , of course, 
  oh my , that 's a whole bunch of fun / aggro / stamina you got there  have two aries moons in my family , i think their unpredictability makes them really special . 
  same here , 
  aries with a mars/mercury/moon stellium in taurus , fifth house . 
  forever trying to keep the inner drama queen at bay .
