  literally her every other sentence is `` everyone 's viewpoint is equally important '' . 
  she has not changed her lifestyle , demeanor , viewpoints or reactions in over 15 years of child rearing . 
  her husband grew more violent and demanding over the years yet her children 's moon show an upward trending dignity placement . 
  if that does n't show subjectivity to you i guess nothing will , so what 's the point ? 
  duly noted . 
  thanks , 
  thanks for your response . 
  i tend to over-analyze everything and get extremely focused on my study subject . 
  so as soon as i find an obstacle in it or something requiring more effort than usual i 'm in a danger zone vibration-wise , because the thought vomit will start , i will realize i 'm being negative , alarmed at my own negativity and then the emotional fire alarm will ring ... i will be trapped in the negative spiral of feeling stressed , with the added pressure of knowing it 's not good for me . 
  i * can * work through it of course , but it would be less time consuming to find something else to focus on for a few minutes , until the portal of doom closes again  i find classical music helps a lot . 
  sleep definitely helps a lot , but i happen to become insomniac as soon as i get stressed , being fairly nocturnal to start with !, 
  and i did try affirmations and the like , they 're super useful in other contexts . . but everything loa related will bring me back to the cause of my stress so i have to be subtle . 
  kind of like distracting a child who 's getting shots with a toy , 
  oh i get it now , and i was n't offended !, 
  i quite agree . 
  of course it 's even more so while being pregnant/breastfeeding and in the first years . 
  and yes it 's a two ways exchange . . even though she * does * remind me a robot at times !, 
  as i mentioned , my father passed away last year and i believe she 's terrified at the prospect of having to show her personality from now on !, 
  pluto in capricorn opposed most of her personal planets , so who knows what the metamorphosis will bring . 
  aw hun thank you !, 
  we 're all working toward that and i 'm sure time will be a great healer . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll research it and give it a try , 
  thank you !, 
  all the best !, 
  thanks , i agree . 
  but it 's not lack of time that prevents me to meditate , which i enjoy and dearly miss . 
  i 'm just extremely sensitive to start with and i found that it takes too much work for me to cope with the heightened perception/loss of self in my current living situation . 
  consider meditation is so spontaneous to me that i just need to close my eyes a few seconds to feel a tremendous energy flowing into me through the back of my head . 
  i can `` zone out '' very quickly and i 've noticed i perceive the people i live with as extremely aggressive after a while , which they 're not . 
  not sure if it 's me or them , but it 's not that relevant . 
  i need to be out on my own before i go back to it , and i 'm counting the days . 
  just used it today and found it hard to stop  it 's too much fun !!, 
  i know , right ? 
  i watched it late at night and felt like i could n't really discuss it with anyone who has n't seen it . 
  i really liked it as a sf movie as well !, 
  thank you !, 
  i have an evening ritual too and look forward to it  and it 's so comforting to know you can successfully set up a motivational routine . 
  as per grounding myself , i did carry a flourite thumbstone with me for a while before realizing it can literally ground you into your body when you 're not supposed to , i.e. 
  during sleep . 
  after two days of waking up feeling weary and tired , i had this `` dream '' in which i was trying to reenter my body at dawn , then realized my conscious mind was observing the proceedings and actually heard myself thinking `` crap !, 
  i 'm not supposed to be recording this !! '', 
  before shrugging and slipping back into my body only to wake up a few seconds later o __ o do you have any suggestions re feeling more grounded ? 
  i have no sacral chackra energy to speak of flowing in me ( i 'm always craving the color orange , i 'm asexual , i hate dancing ... even a reiki healer labeled me as a lost cause !, 
  true dat, 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  sometimes i let myself steam off a bit as well . 
  we 're all in the process of learning and self forgiveness is the first step . 
  that 's so true , and one of the cons of living in ireland http://www.andpop.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/x0u7axk.jpg, 
  if a check comes to your mailbox and you live in the forest , did it really get there ? 
  like this : http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mc82hvctlq1rzis51o1_r1_400.gif, 
  hi , can you please post this question on http://www.reddit.com/r/askastrologers instead ? 
  thank you . 
  your seventh house is ruled by jupiter , and your sixth house by mars . 
  transiting jupiter has been conjunct your mars on and off for a while now , and being in retrograde it might touch it again ( do n't have ephemeris handy ) . 
  hence the key to your question is in the eleventh house , ruled by the sun and currently transited by it ( conjunct mars ! ) . 
  ask yourself how important your clan and your community at large , your aspirations , are to you . 
  you will be surprised . 
  believe me with a saturn/pluto opposition from the 11th house to the 4th , i know where you 're coming from !, 
  as per the side panel - and in order for you to receive the advice you need - can you please post your question to the dedicated subreddit , / r/askastrologers ? 
  thanks and good luck to you . 
  as an aries , love it !, 
  kudos to you , 
  i think abandoning as a word was probably invented by a cancer  different signs/placements will have different meanings for it . 
  i do n't share your flattering opinion of the sign , but as with your family i have everything but cancer in my chart !, 
  hi , as per the side panel , this belongs in / r/askastrologers , thank you . 
  their solar sign is not as relevant an indicator as it is believed to be . 
  people started focusing on their solar sign following a publicity stunt in the '30s offering free sun-based horoscopes . 
  solar signs had been rightly considered just another component of a horoscope for some 4000 years prior to that . 
  you 're better off trying to guess their ascendant or personal planets/moon ( emotional indicators , hence more visible ) , or even fixed stars on their chart 's axes . 
  this kind of generalization leads to misconceptions hard to overcome as your knowledge expands imo . 
  good luck !, 
  tingling with anticipation is the sign you already know things are looking up . 
  relax and let it come to you without forcing it , enjoy it while it last and think of something else in between . 
  the one book ? 
  did you mean xii house ? 
  carrots !, 
  thank you for this . 
  just had a terrible experience on imgur yesterday that really unsettled me and had the feeling i was talking to propagandists rather than users . 
  i guess it was to be expected . 
  just to clarify , i shared how uncomfortable i was with the glorification of army men sob stories on the front page and how irrational it seemed to me as a western european . 
  i was expecting retaliation - i 'm not new to imgur or reddit - but not like that . 
  it 's definitely gotten more sinister than last year . 
  i know of ( and recommended ) the jonas method being used by several couples . 
  years ago i met this uber scorpio woman at work with an aries husband that successfully planned each pregnancy of her three aries-born little boys . 
  i found out because she was terribly upset her fourth born would turn out to be a taurus after all and she was seriously considering ending the pregnancy !, 
  scorpios be crazy, 
  if anyone tried to pitch the same propaganda here in europe people would be laughing their heads off . 
  it 's definitely tailored to the us, 
  oh she looked the part , trust me !, 
  i 'm an aries myself and was still fairly freaked out by the whole thing !, 
  i could n't handle 4 of myself and i have a lot of venus in my chart , including mars in taurus . 
  just an aries sun, 
  http://www.wikihow.com/whiten-teeth-with-baking-soda worked for me !, 
  mind blown here, 
  a lot of famous hh personalities also openly admit they believe in the law of attraction - that 's probably their own way of rationalizing the process . 
  ah no worries !, 
  i 'm just glad it 's not in your 7th :p, 
  aaaahg leo moons are just beyond description !, 
  and yes my best three childhood friends are two sag twin girls and a leo sun / leo rising one .
