  forget it  you 'll be surprised, 
  knew i 'd have to look for a job last spring , went about it like `` ah stuff it , i want something fun that pays well '' , then went on holidays and had so much fun without ever thinking of my applications . 
  got three calls that week alone and am now working in a fun , relaxed environment that 's much better than my own `` visualization '' ( i do n't visualize as such , just feel things ) . 
  best of luck , remember to get out of your own way !, 
  i only listen to fun songs that will detach me from the present moment , you may want to try that as well , 
  great insight !, 
  thanks for posting, 
  indeed . 
  manifesting ? 
  is that what they call it nowadays  ( i 'll just see myself out ), 
  i 'm in the same boat and i believe i 'm not necessarily ready for it . 
  i know this for a fact because after a while , my perfect match actually did show up only to be met with a kind of a `` hell no ! '', 
  instinctive response from me . 
  that does n't necessarily mean i 'll be like this forever ... but romantic love kind of confines you to a specific , `` heavier '' vibrational state ( it 's called `` falling '' in love for a reason ) and i believe the thought of that boundary , pleasant as it might be , could be holding me back . 
  i 'm currently internally debating whether this is a self-inflicted limitation / wip flag i could start working on or an absolute truth  best of luck with your dilemma !, 
  vertex = celebrity indicator . 
  sauce : thousands of charts . 
  as an aquarian/aries mix , i have to say i 'm not too fond of my taurus moon and the little italian housewife it seems to conjure up when i 'm in a relationship . 
  i 'd be the perfect specimen of an emancipated italian woman without it :(, 
  not too fond of uber-leos , but they can be extremely generous and loyal to a friend . 
  and generally have a nice word for everyone ( perhaps out of insecurity , but a nice habit nonetheless ) . 
  watched this a hundred times and never paid any attention to palin 's speech . 
  thank you for sharing !, 
  have a neptune rising sister that i had to distance myself from years ago for the reasons you listed * slow clap * very well put , sir, 
  can i recommend this to you , think you 'd like it  helped me get over my own need to control how a situation evolves . 
  i know how this will sound , but basing on my own experience the twinkling / movement of these look like the real thing . 
  had a couple sightings last year in the south of ireland , orange-y globes that moved at the same speed . 
  i always say that a person with either sun , moon or personal planets conjunct your lilith will be happily enslaved by you , figuratively speaking of course !, 
  my personal experience confirms it and well , there are dozen of cases where a lilith conjunction in synastry determined a relationship 's outcome ( prince charles had his pluto conjunct diana 's lilith off the top of my head ) . 
  the thing is , sun-lilith relationships can be extremely rewarding but almost impossible to break due to a codependency component . 
  sad taurus feels more like an empty pantry to me  i should know , have enough planets in the lazy bugger, 
  * revengeofthesquirrel *, 
  pluto in libra here ... 
  i love their creativity , their courage and their refusal of negative social constructs . 
  ca n't wait to see what they 'll get up to , 
  hello , could you please post this question in the appropriate subreddit , / r/askastrologers , instead ? 
  thank you . 
  ah no worries , we taurus moons got ta stick together against unnecessary subtleties , 
  i use a tiny , round , incredibly smooth rock i found on a beach . 
  reminds me of the `` lift a stone and there you will find me '' bit in the gospel of thomas ... that 's just me , but i 'd go for a personal connection to an everyday/decorative object . 
  haha, 
  love your fb page , thrilled to find you here  keep up the good work !, 
  i 'm an aries sun / taurus moon/sag rising and like to spend time with aquarians ( human beings 2.1 the whole lot of them imo ) , but i guess gemini takes the cake . 
  they can always make me laugh no matter what , 
  listen to your gut feelings . 
  always . 
  ... meditate at least 20 minutes a day and always put things in perspective when you feel you 've been wronged . 
  really try and put yourself in the other party 's shoes . 
  if it still feels wrong , take action . 
  do not delude yourself ... you ca n't settle and settling is not a strength ; you 're not helping anybody by it . 
  take the hard road and learn how to shine without hurting people around you . 
  do not judge yourself too harshly when a relationship does n't work out ( any kind of relationship ) : it takes two to tango and even if it might look like you 're the one in control from the outside , remember our childlike trust makes us trust people until we do n't . 
  we elaborate every input we receive in the exact same way , so start wondering what the input was in your case and where did it come from ... chances are you 'll stumble in the other person 's default dynamics , 
  remember the sun , life itself basically , is exalted in our sign . 
  do n't waste away this intensity by being a potato couch or relying too much on other people 's opinions . 
  buy a trampoline for all that extra stamina , 
  aries sag rising high-five  thanks for this !, 
  we truly are the luckiest ^ ^, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrn4v03nqog , 
  spot on !, 
  i 'm blessed/cursed with a taurus stellium including mars and a moon/mercury conjunction in v house , ruled by a gemini venus as the top part of a yod . 
  also have the '83 uranus/jupiter conjunction on my ascendant , so i can be a handful !, 
  but all that stuff helped me outgrow competitiveness and survive an extremely poor and abusive childhood ( aries sun in 4th opposed scorpio saturn/libra pluto in 11th ) . 
  people are how always saying they ca n't believe how far i 've come ... as if you ever had a choice but act as an aries  just kidding . 
  exactly ... we were given the right tools to get through it . 
  i am asexual and frankly do n't want children on my own due to bad genetics , but with my strong 11th house i plan to adopt one later in life . 
  theater is my main passion , another fifth house favorite , and of course i 'm a professional trainer for major corporations because i love teaching . 
  where 's your moon ? 
  and what about your mars placement ... i love how the aries sun shows our perception of the father figure as somehow important regardless of his behavior , and i believe mars and its ruler to be overly important in determining how you will elaborate his inputs . 
  well ... clarity of though for one . 
  it 's not so easy to sway our rational thinking ... that 's why engineering is recommended as a typical aries occupation . 
  descartes , father of `` cogito ergo sum '' , was an aries . 
  we are also frank but not necessarily blunt unless sag is somehow involved . 
  we speak our mind and find it really hard to deceive other people . 
  i absolutely ca n't stand cancer as your average aries would , and i can only deal with its most evolved specimen - then again , cancer rules my eight house and i have so few water elements in my chart . 
  i have an extremely artistic neptunian sister who 's cancer , alas she 's so manipulative it 's impossible for me to have a relationship with her . 
  i followed her charming lead so many times only to find out she was after something i had . . my mom is cancer with an impressive aquarian stellium and i love her to bits , but that comes easily given my uranian side and my aqua lilith . 
  first house elements just put you out there for other people to see . 
  not in a public , tenth house sense with its generic quality , but in a much more personal way . 
  for instance i 've noticed people with a first house sun can keep constantly referring to themselves in conversations without ever sounding selfish . 
  you 're just bound to be the one people want to talk to and stuff . . whereas with the tenth house , you generally become a symbol of something in the public eye . 
  my fourth house sun used to frustrate me when i was younger ( never got any credit from people and hard to get any feedback on anything i ever did , loved to hang around at home as a teenager ) but now that its `` improvement over time '' nuance is starting to show , i would n't trade it with a jupiter midheaven !, 
  i have a first house south node . 
  conjunct neptune , too ... odd feeling of knowing yourself too well , 
  i 'm lucky ... aries sun , sag rising and a taurus moon to keep me grounded , 
  aries lady . 
  broke my ex 's expensive bass guitar in tiny pieces with the help of a butcher 's knife and burned them in an actual fireplace after finding pedo-pornographic material on his pc . 
  that was after i had him leave the premises for his own good . 
  thank you . 
  probably would n't do it today ( in my 30s ) , but after growing up as an abused child myself and investing most of my productive time as teenage/young adult overcoming the abuse , i just lost it . 
  i 'm normally wary of my martian tendencies and that was the only time i went full aries on someone lol . 
  he got therapy and thankfully had n't been at it for too long , bad case of ic pluto . 
  oh i certainly did back then . 
  that was in my early 20s . 
  then again i had an abusive father as a kid and despite being a petite and mostly cheerful girl i guess something clicked while realizing the person i shared my bed/finances/house with was a pedophile by actually seeing the stuff ? 
  : s yes it took about 7 hours . 
  shut up and take my money , 
  all the best , 
  have tried recording the ( same ? ), 
  orange orbs flying over the south of ireland with my tablet camera in two occasions - grabbing the first thing at hand .
