  hi , thanks for your feedback . 
  i would n't call outrageous openness a laid-out methodology on how to achieve immediate goals - the book is just a collection of anecdotes and real-life examples from tosha 's experience on how to proclaim absolute faith in the divine and ask for guidance and that 's what i like best about it . 
  i 'm a strong believer in leading by example . 
  i believe she goes as far as calling the loa technique outlined in `` the secret '' a `` recipe for bad karma '' . 
  my personal view on the subject is not as extreme , but the `` technique '' bit did always make it sound way too impersonal , detached and simplistic . 
  yet that can be a personal take and other people might find it useful . 
  all i know is , i have been a practicing astrologer / astrology scholar for over 20 years and studying the `` how '' invariably leads you to wonder what 's behind it . 
  the word karma in itself means something different to me - i believe we come into this world many times to resolve energy polarizations and imbalances , in the perfect conditions to do so ( star chart ) , with as much free will as we allow ourselves in each lifetime . 
  we do that so that we can experience having an identity and will in time be able to flow toward unity as unadulterated energy . 
  my experiences with meditation , ayahuasca , synchronicity and lucid dreaming over the last year sealed this belief in my mind , together with the perception of a higher presence that we are tuned to perceive as divine love and acceptance . 
  to me , tosha 's book is all about surrendering your own version of what you need ( i.e. 
  society - / media-induced delusions of what wealth/career achievements/living the dream might feel like to you ) to this higher driving force that stirs our atoms and guides our path . 
  any good astrologer will tell you that people 's identities are as diversified as snowflakes , and with good reason . 
  we all come into this world as manifestations and our unique dreams and goals are inspired by the same source that drives this process - achieving them means nothing else but expressing this power in real life . 
  the homogenization of perceived `` well being '' , `` wealth '' and such is a status symbol in itself , born out of the industrial era , and that works against expressing your uniqueness . 
  it really comes down to what you believe in the first place : that you are alone roaming this planet for a finite amount of time and can manifest ferraris out of sheer willpower and stubbornness ( and i 'm not saying it 's not possible , only that it might not necessarily be what you set in store for yourself as an evolutionary path before entering this world ) , or that you are but a molecule of a divine driving force , uniquely shaped and with the duty and the power to express your own greatness , constantly connected to your source that will light your path one step at a time . 
  that might also be the reason why manifesting certain things does not bring you the expected happiness or gets you stuck - the key to find out what choices to make relies in your emotions . 
  as long as you perceive fear , you 're limiting yourself - even in astrology , the most important karmic element in a chart is the moon , ruler of your emotional baggage . 
  that 's because emotions ( and sometimes memories ) are the only thing we carry with us from past lifetimes . 
  the position of the moon in your star chart usually reveals your emotional blueprint and what you need to have/achieve to feel safe and loved . 
  that can be material wealth , food , artistic expression , scrubbing your kitchen every other day . . you name it . 
  as tosha put it , you need to accept and celebrate every part of yourself , including your needs and fears , as expressions of the divine and ask for help and guidance through prayer . 
  so to me , the loa is a process of `` know ( and accept ) thyself '' in the first place . 
  then it 's a matter of asking for guidance and act out of total faith , as a toddler would do . 
  as one user put it , `` stop playing god yourself '' . 
  again that 's my own take on it , but i have to say it filled my life with wonder and ease . 
  every time i focused on being loved over the last year , things simply fell into place and i obtained things i had n't even realized i needed . 
  to me , it 's all about outgrowing the manifesting lingo/mindset , and starting an actual dialogue with the divine spark within myself , conscious of the impermanence of my own existence . 
  i do n't really care if this makes rational sense or not - that 's exactly where perfectly explained methodologies get it wrong imo . 
  something that makes sense to our limited minds will hardly allow you to glimpse at the greater picture . 
  that 's what faith is all about . 
  my turn to apologize for the wordy response , 
  anything titled `` all you need to know about ... '' + i recommend starting out with the arab , greek and roman classics ... no one can take the basics away from you then  here 's a list of books i 'd recommend for starters - it 's not everything but definitely something :, 
  hmm ... everyone before astrological software became widespread , for about 5000 years ? 
  just to point out , these are dorotheus of sidon 's rulerships , slightly different than the more widely accepted dignities outlined in ptolemy 's `` tetrabiblos '' :, 
  thank you , that was definitely inspired by something other than me . 
  one of the biggest lessons for me was to step out of my mind and actually live ( for example , i 'm a massive pack rat and will buy clothes that will hang unused in my closet forever , waiting for the perfect chance to wear them . 
  only when the chance will manifest i 'd opt for my old , `` safe '' items ) . 
  as maya angelou put it , `` your crown has been bought and paid for . 
  put it on your head and wear it '' . 
  it gets easier after a while . 
  i wish you all the best 2015 has to offer , and the strength to accept it , 
  you 'd be better off downloading an astrology freeware . 
  ma perche ' un link in italiano su reddit usa ? 
  personally i see it as the millennial generation finally taking over and social inequality being overcome . 
  and i ca n't wait for it . 
  you need to dig out its hellenistic-latin-arab roots . 
  here 's a list of the most important classics :, 
  must haves . 
  definition of millennials : `` http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/millennials '' - pluto ranged from libra to mid-sagittarius from the early '80 to the early 2000s . 
  i should have said `` early millennials '' - their distance from the xers is much more evident in europe , where the latter failed to disengage themselves from the values and structural dogmas of the ever-present baby boomers , resulting in yet another decade of socioeconomic impasse . 
  i agree , it varies depending on who 's looking at it - i guess we 'll see the effects and evaluate them soon enough . 
  they are still widely in use in traditional astrology here in europe , especially with horary charts of course . 
  but i 'll agree that dorothean 's dignities work best with natal astrology, 
  hi , no offense but there 's an appropriate subreddit for this kind of queries , / r/askastrolgers . 
  can you please post your question there instead next time ? 
  thank you, 
  sun signs have n't been such a relevant part of traditional astrology forecasts until very recently , following a publicity stunt in the 30s . 
  unfortunately , this generalization gets constantly perpetrated by mainstream media . 
  you `` are '' the sky around you in the moment you were born , including our own system , fixed stars , your ascendant , your vertex , your moon nodes , your arab parts , your lilith and so forth . 
  the sun placement in your chart ( sign/house/aspects ) will only suggest where your mind tends to focus and does not stand out as a main personality indicator unless more elements are involved by aspect or conjunct by sign . 
  kudos , but the ruler of the moon is equally important in my experience . 
  my older sister and i both have a taurus moon , but i have a gemini venus while hers is in leo . 
  she can be ruthless in pursuing whatever can make her feel grounded - sex , admiration , material objects . . while my own sense of emotional satisfaction is typically mercurial ( great books , discussions , studies etc ) . 
  what a whiny ignorant judgmental little person . 
  not cool, 
  i 'm an aries sun , uranus conj . 
  rising and aquarius lilith and i literally have to fend off aquariuses with a machete , they make up 70 % of my peers , but i would n't bother to defend anyone against this sun-based silliness . 
  as above , so below, 
  bach 's flower remedies helped me get through the dread of an unsustainable work situation involving stalking / integrity issues last year . 
  it cheered me up as well and i 've been watching it every day since !, 
  i do not believe in the equal housing system , but i have to say i did feel pluto transiting my ascendant in my teens , especially opposite venus . 
  i felt quite the pariah !, 
  i can so relate to this . 
  had an highly promising , highly successful and soul-sucking career in it up until a year ago , when my body caught up with me and forced me to leave through a series of mysterious and painful diseases . 
  goes without saying i 'd start packing my bags if i were you . 
  good luck !, 
  thumbs up, 
  `` playing a game with all the cheat codes on is boring '' unless you 're on guitar hero and want to get to your favorite song . 
  i 'll just see myself out, 
   `` a person who has very high intuition , but is also very judgemental and negative is a very unhappy person indeed . 
  because all day long they are getting this information , and then they ca n't help reacting to it , and being pushed and pulled , becoming emotionally attached to and repulsed by all this different information bombarding them all the time . 
  it 's not all fun and games and always having the right answer to trivial pursuit . 
  it means being more aware of all the pain and negativity that is inside and outside of you . '', 
  = my life in a nutshell before discovering meditation . 
  the vertex ? 
  that 's usually a celebrity indicator , nothing to do with relationships unless it 's conjunct to some personal planet/light . 
  personally every lasting relationship has been brought to me by a saturn transit to my 7h house nn , even squares . 
  not the peppiest mates , i know :d, 
  i 'm against all generalizations and like to indulge in them nonetheless . 
  to me , their common ground is friends . 
  they will all go out of their way for their mates and are generally proud of it . 
  uranus or saturn opposing/square the moon will indicate caesarian births . 
  it is in most cases , as the c section gets perceived as a traumatic event by most newborns due to its relative suddenness . 
  but it can be otherwise if saturn/uranus and the moon are well placed ( i.e. 
  in their dignities ) , the sun is strong or with an accumulation of planets on one or more axes . 
  you 're welcome . 
  coming from italy i 'm so fed up with the same old deterministic , mechanistic approach !, 
  but things are a-changing with the latest generations of astrologers , 
  it sounds like you 're focusing too much on it - the very fact that you 're asking yourself how to get closer to your manifestation implies you do n't fully believe you will get it .
