  as a european , i have the opposite bias as most of my american friends . 
  circumcised ones look so small and harmless !, 
  edit : sorry guys , i know it must hurt to hear it but that 's just the way it is . 
  in europe , a circumcised penis looks weird and unattractive , because most of them are n't . 
  what 's the point in sugarcoating it ? 
  italian language mirrors its cultural chauvinism imo , that 's what i meant when i said i left the country because of it . 
  thank you , i did cry a lot over these last two days and feel much better now  i have a strong belief in eternal ( after ) life so i guess it seemed a little hypocritical to cry at the time . 
  i guess i should have let myself mourn his loss instead . 
  thanks again !, 
  thanks :'), 
  yeah that 's what i 've come to realize lately . 
  a lot of unrelated circumstances also made me miss his funeral so i guess it was hard to find any sort of closure . 
  thank you for your comment !, 
  hard to do without it . 
  such a great community as well , 
  same here . . i could add i dropped out of the most challenging high school in my county after only two months while getting top grades , only because they would n't let me wear green nail polish ( we 're talking super snotty upper class italian school that my parents could n't really afford in the first place ) . 
  and looking back , boy am i glad i did . 
  i earned my diploma by studying from home a few years later but i also got a chance to travel , had a gazillion different jobs and so much life experience . 
  and i still despise institutionalized education !, 
  almost two weeks in ( quit gradually as well ) ... i did notice a couple of guys staring , not necessarily in a creepy way . 
  also i believe a guy sat on my bench on the seashore with the intention of striking a conversation , but i was engrossed in real estate ads on my phone and i did n't notice until he stood up with a very flushed face and left in a huff , avoiding eye contact !, 
  hi , thanks for posting and congrats on achieving your goals . 
  i believe vision boards , affirmations , gratitude lists and the like can be a great starter kit into a deeper understanding of 3d reality , and even a metaphorical band-aid to prevent your relapse into lower vibrational states . 
  but personally , i stopped feeling the need for these things once i got a firmer grip on my emotions and thought processes , as i believe doing things `` in order to manifest '' or out of self-discipline can actually delay or even prevent your desired outcome . 
  as soon as you associate any kind of `` work '' feeling with your goals , you 're going to make yourself work for it  so i generally focus on feeling good , avoiding negative people , and developing a sense of certainty toward my goals . 
  meditation will get you there faster , but that 's about it , i will drop a certain technique as soon as i realize i 've learned it - only to use it when i feel like it . 
  so my suggestion is to `` forget '' your goals as much as you can , as in to stop thinking of them as goals , or even altogether ( think of it as trying to remember something by thinking of something different until it comes back to you ) . 
  if they 're actually something you wish for , they 'll keep popping back in your life anyway  in that case , i tend to follow these `` hints '' , which has generally led to my biggest manifestations . 
  hope this makes sense !, 
  no problem at all !, 
  given what you 've done with it already , i do n't think it 'll take much effort , 
  i went cold turkey as well , same thing . 
  day 1/2 were by far the most mentally challenging and was hard to keep my cool - the cravings stopped by day 4 ( i 've been smoking at least 15 cig/day for 16 years ) , went through a hell of a spontaneous detox , end of story . 
  i was bored of living in my own little village on the alps in my early twenties - i would have gone anywhere really , did n't bother picturing a different life . 
  in a few months i was given the chance to live / travel in iceland while doing environmental work as a volunteer , with no experience whatsoever in the field . 
  so i would n't worry too much about pinpointing your manifestation down to minutiae ... i believe the younger you are , the closest you get to the unintentional , raw manifestation pull of childhood - kind of like time slowing down in your head as the years go by . 
  32 f here , experiencing the same thing , pm me if you wish . 
  same likes but i suck at drawing , also gmt-based but borderline insomniac , 
  i can totally relate to this - only it happened on my 31st bday , following saturn 's opposition to my natal moon and sun . 
  you 'll be glad it happened further down the line . 
  i think i 've been there before , only to realize afterward that i was simply surrounded by the wrong kind of people . 
  yes , that can be a whole town in my experience !, 
  no matter how much of a homebody you consider yourself to be , you would be taking initiative and getting in touch with the right people . 
  in the right place  peace, 
  thank you so much for sharing this . 
  i my experience , they work like a charm . 
  i 'm also very fond of aimed solar returns and i travel to a different location each year to relocate my chart according to my goals . 
  planets on the ascendant are n't as powerful as planets on mc , imo . 
  i 'm actually working on a novel on solar returns ( will take a decade or so methinks ) . 
  i 'll pm you with a few anecdotes one of these days , especially because i learned not to overdo it the hard way ... 
  it 's a long discussion and i 'm actually very busy atm , but i find you should not deviate too much from what 's in store for you too many years in a row - it 's kind of unnatural and does n't really follow `` natural '' growth . 
  i used to be obsessed with my career and ended up putting the sun + venus/jupiter etc on my mc for three consecutive years . . without realizing that having been born at midnight ( ic sun ) the course of events would not have suited me at all in the long run . 
  i ended up in a very public role with no privacy and quit my job last year due to being burnout and weakened by the lack of privacy i naturally crave . 
  hope that gives you an idea , 
  i also believe it forces the events to unfold that way even if you change your mind halfway through the year . 
  by forcing so much planetary presence on a single aspect of my life for so long , every other area is now underdeveloped ( love , family , friends , interests ) because of it . 
  i still practice it , but i try to keep an eye on the overall theme of the naturally occurring one and improve it , rather than change it altogether ( while saving a lot of money on plane fares as well !, 
  i would definitely recommend alternating years of aimed solar returns with normal ones . 
  you see , your actual solar return shows what you `` need '' at that stage in your life as well ( perhaps solitude or more focus on your health , to spend time with your family etc ) and without moving you 're also naturally drawn to satisfy it by doing what the chart shows . 
  with an aimed solar return , your needs change as well , but for that year only , then it 's back to `` you '' and you still have n't coped with your old need well ... you wo n't be as happy as to justify a big trip . 
  i strongly disagree , life is fair and wonderful - it 's not a matter of cheating but you need to take your starting point and overall growth into account . 
  anyhoo , by all means experiment with it . 
  just ask yourself if you 're still in one piece or in bad need of defrag every once in a while . 
  planets in v brought me great crushes but nothing ever happened as my sun ( men ) was on the mc ... so my whole focus was on work . 
  i 'd try and place it there , or at least the moon to see what happens . 
  your radix 5th house cusp is important as well . . if you can overlap it with the sr 7th house cusp something would probably happen - there are a couple of great books on the subject , i 'll give you the titles one of these days . 
  pluto conjunct saturn opposing my sun from the 11th ... i just really hate most aspects of traditional power . 
  and wannabe machos ( i 'm a straight female ) . 
  ... yes . 
  the anareta , or killer planet , has been used to determine the time of death ( down to weeks and even days ) for centuries in europe . 
  it 's a fairly complicated matter though !, 
  dear michael ,, 
  thank you so much for sharing your gift with me . 
  i was going through an extremely stressful time , trying to make the best of it without much success , and all of a sudden everything was ok again within me . 
  things started going uphill and i feel as rested as i could possibly be today . 
  i also had dreams that felt like energy work and i believe i was addressing a few blockages myself within them . 
  again , thank you so much for your help . . you truly are gifted !, 
  so glad to hear this . 
  all the best, 
  thank you for your kind reply to my comment . 
  escaping huge responsibilities ( such as high management roles ) despite knowing i 'd be cut out for it is another major theme i 'm working on . 
  i 've always assumed power would get to my head , were i to accept leadership positions of any kind . 
  you do n't seem to think that this is the case ? 
  would you please elaborate - to me it 's the somehow simplistic formula pluto/obsession ( + saturn/duty ) vs sun ( me ) . 
  that does n't sound promising at all , 
  thank you for this insight - this has always been the blind spot in my chart to me , despite years of practice . 
  thankfully , the orb is fairly large at almost 5 degrees , still ... can totally relate . 
  i remember looking at other kids being `` silly '' with great disdain as far back as kindergarten , and my friends are constantly making fun of my taking everything seriously . 
  especially because with a venus/mercury mutual reception , the jupiter/uranus conjunction on my rising and a strong v house , that tends to look completely out of character for me . 
  i do plan to try my hand at management later in life , but i 'm a technocrat that 's generally battling with the average clueless boss day in and day out . 
  i 've also noticed figures of authority tend to become extremely uneasy in my presence , even celebrities . 
  thanks again for your input - i really appreciate it - and keep up the good work !, 
  hi-gbp-five , 
  to me it 's always been giving up expectations as much as i could that did the trick . 
  to the point of feeling excited about what 's going to happen next , like a kid before his/her birthday . 
  the more i distanced myself from the original request , the more spectacular the manifestation . 
  what i mean is , whenever i can keep a good buzz and forget about the whole thing , it will inevitably show up greater and overall better than i originally pictured it . 
  pretty much everything i ever manifested was achieved by appreciating the thought , keeping an eye on authenticity ( i.e. 
  what can i picture myself doing ? ), 
  and meditating a little everyday while having as much fun as i could summon ; most importantly , i stop thinking of something as soon as i 've imagined it and placed it `` in context '' in my mental picture .
