  you can tell they come from a happy place , 
  cheers mate !, 
  i ca n't believe the likes of you take the time to post on reddit !, 
  thank you for your time and for your gifts to the world !, 
  please keep sharing your work with us !, 
  you 're right !, 
  those are outstanding achievements for your age !, 
  your life sounds incredible girl !, 
  thanks man !, 
  i ca n't wait to share my wealth with and for the world !, 
  i think it 's important to see how the moon relates to planet/axes of your chart . 
  as in doing something that requires self-confidence when it 's transiting the ascendant , and expecting visits/outside interactions a fortnight later , when it 'll be conjunct the descendant . 
  moon returns are important as well : http://www.llewellyn.com/journal/article/780, 
  full version is ( ro ) tolomeow , including the italian word for `` rolling '' , italian ptolemy name and . . well ... meow, 
  there is no greater pleasure than giving to others !, 
  i feel so blessed !, 
  thank you !, 
  i came to the same conclusion and took down all my vision boards/pictures a few days ago . 
  if wealth and career opportunities were to manifest in my life , i 'd be far too busy handling them to even think of vision boards , 
  i ca n't stand tool 's music and i 'd say that fits my taurus moon/planets . 
  take that as casting our nines , 
  casting out nines stands for a sanity test to ensure that hand computations of sums , differences , products , and quotients of integers are correct . 
  it 's what they teach you in primary school , kind of like `` try doing it backwards and see if it adds up '' . 
  as taurus and scorpio represent opposing principles in astrology , you can tell tool 's music and the song in question have a scorpio nuance by my dislike of it . 
  hope that makes sense , 
  i needed to hear this at this exact time . 
  thank you ; __ ;, 
  ostensiblyhuman , i highly recommend the `` all about astrology '' subsection on astro.com on transits interpretation as well . 
  my natal saturn is in scorpio conjunct pluto , directly opposing my moon-mercury conjunction in taurus ( and mars with a larger orbit ) . 
  i do n't know whether to be happy it 's over or concerned about its entrance in my twelfth house , but i treasure its lessons . 
  i lost a parent , abandoned a career i 'd invested everything in , had three surgeries and a number of stress-related illnesses . 
  yet i 've never felt this clear-headed before . 
  we 've all been through our own personal hell methinks , 
  i remember the day i had the 2012 saturn-mars conjunction opposing my sun with a 0.01 orbit as the worst in my life so far - i was literally leaving a city i called home for most of my adult life , my best friend and my cat to a place i deeply disliked , on a professional call of duty . 
  it felt like my heart was being ripped out of my chest and - surprise !, 
  - two months later i found out i had developed a fibroadenoma in my left breast that had to be surgically removed . 
  as above , so below, 
  of course , saturn was transiting my 10th house at the time, 
  could n't agree more . 
  i guess we all needed a spiritual cold shower and new subconscious patterns . 
  an italian wood sculptor from the alps shared a great motto with the public once : `` life is sculpturing . 
  keep shedding ! '' . 
  and let 's not forget saturn is almost in sagittarius by now . 
  we could all use some change and come christmas , we 'll be more serene and optimistic . 
  i can tell !, 
  i 'm a sagittarius rising and these last two weeks have been extremely rewarding . 
  when i managed to leave the scorpio-induced brooding behind , that is , 
  nice one though . 
  no retrograde planets . 
  uranus trines your mars atm . 
  saturn will be transiting your natal mercury next - as they both rule knowledge-related houses , i would n't exclude a further shift in self-awareness . 
  i like a great deal of blogs and podcast , but personally i think it 's best to reach your own understanding of every major element of your horoscope , consult your own astrology software and reach your own conclusion . 
  other people 's ideas are no substitute for experience . 
  personally i did n't have much of a choice - being italian , i was born right in the cradle of classical deterministic astrology and learned the corresponding myths early in life . 
  my moon-mercury conjunction gifted me with intuition and uranus-jupiter right on my ascendant brought endless encounters with great astrologers in my adulthood . 
  even though i 'm slowly drifting toward a more empowered , evolutionary path , i still consider the classics as pillars of knowledge . 
  ptolemy , al-biruni and marsilio ficino will tell you what 's what since the beginning of time  among modern authors , rely on andre ' barbault for interpretative techniques , history of astrology and global indexes - andre ' gouchon 's dictionary of astrology is a must have as well , we 're constantly running out of copies in europe . 
  horary astrology can not be undertaken without reading william lilly first and patrizia nava for a modern perspective ; arroyo and liz greene are still unrivaled on psychological astrology , but lisa morpurgo 's theories are what hooked me up in my early teens ( she theorized the now certain existence of two additional planets in our solar system in the early 80s ) ; bernadette brady 's books are a must-have on fixed stars ; deborah houlding will help you interiorize symbols and sasportas 's work on houses can be handy while reading charts . 
  i would strongly recommend leaving everything more complex and risky ( such as practicing solar returns ) until after you 've grasped the basics . 
  you will intuitively know what to keep and to discard because you 'll simply forget everything that does n't fit in your view , 
  edit : that is to say , following too many online channels without a clear perspective/understanding will only confuse you later in life . 
  know thyself , 
  how about posting this in / r/askastrolgers instead ? 
  not strictly sidereal , but have you tried applying ptolemy 's rules on determining the duration of life ? 
  that 's what we use in europe and i 've never seen it fail once . 
  i wo n't post it as i believe it 's a personal choice , but it 's in the tetrabiblos and you can probably find it online . 
  i 'm the exact opposite . 
  i 've been `` blessed '' with very intense feelings and i 've learned that detachment is key . 
  loving the irony here , 
  thank you - visualizing your example actually makes it easier for me to allow synchronicity to flow at an extremely important time of my life . 
  can you post this in / r/askastrolgers instead ? 
  my pleasure . 
  hope it helps you as well , 
  thank you !, 
  i know that for a fact now . 
  may all of your wishes be fulfilled in the most unpredictable way , 
  lol , it gets better i suppose . 
  wrote this first thing in the morning, 
  thanks , well that 's how long it took me to let go - but that 's just silly anal entitled little me . 
  i do value the lessons i learned along the way . 
  it 's kind of looking everywhere for the reading glasses sitting on your nose , 
  i ( well , someone wiser ) manifested a 2000 euromillions win as per my other post , 
  oh that was just self-irony and a missing oxford comma , nothing to do with you  keep at it . 
  i 'm sure it 's just around the corner . 
  my pleasure  i just had to !, 
  i agree with davidandsarah08 - but if a card does n't seem enough , you ca n't go wrong with a christmas food hamper !, 
  they come in all sizes/prices/kinds . 
  no problem - i 'd like to receive one myself someday so i might as well start lobbying , 
  sagittarius is the correct spelling . 
  no offense but that 's just a typo : http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=sagittarius, 
  could n't agree more . 
  perks of gmt ^ ^ have a great day !, 
  love this . 
  can you post this in / r/askastrologers instead , thank you . 
  this belongs in / r/askastrologers though . 
  thanking you, 
  avoiding negative media/literature/entertainment ( that was big for me as a horror/sci-fi movie buff and nerdy bookworm ) , meditation , uplifting music , little or no browsing social media sites . . but prayer above all , 
  what i like most about this subreddit is the variety of approaches to ( and open-minded discussions on ) the loa . 
  loving the new rules ' wording btw , 
  and it works for me ... tried watching `` the leftovers '' two days ago and its morbidness made me ( literally ) sick : /,
