  as an aries , i have always been impressed and concerned by the intensity of their squabbles . 
  they always felt oddly epic o_o, 
  sag is all about achieving a definite goal , while leo wants its own flame to shine as bright and as long as humanly possible . 
  sagittarius is constantly looking for a challenge of some sort , while leo craves constant and unconditional praise . 
  it 's hard for them to get along when they 're still young . 
  i 'm experiencing a similar transit as neptune is squaring my ascendant ( with its jupiter-uranus conjunction ) from my third house , and saturn is almost touching my ascendant while transiting my twelfth ( it will reach it next time it 's direct ) . 
  saturn is also opposing my venus in the 6th house . 
  i ca n't say i 'm involved with anyone atm , but i quit smoking cold turkey after 16 years of mindless puffing . 
  jupiter is conjunct my ascendant though , so that 's why this transits could be bringing matters back to my own person rather than outside relationships . 
  what i can tell you is , my ic is in pisces as i 'm the youngest of five siblings . 
  long story short , abusing me ( mainly verbally ) is such commonplace in my family people actually get offended when i point it out . 
  this transit combo finally gave me the strength to cut ties with all of them , and stand up for myself in a firm but non-aggressive way . 
  hope this helps . 
  also saturn conjunct my moon brought the greatest disappointment in my love life , while saturn opposing my moon made me someone else 's biggest `` what-if '' . 
  i have neptune in the first house too !, 
  i can see how confusing this must be . 
  my own golden rule when dealing with neptune ( after years of its squaring my venus , ruler of most of my personal planets ) is to imagine myself in a fellini movie . 
  i will see incredible , ephemeral things that will not necessarily make sense and may vanish as soon as i turn my back - so i tread slowly and never make any decision ( big or small ) until careful consideration . 
  and i do n't trust anything . 
  i basically assume nothing i 'm seeing or feeling is real . 
  during the aforementioned square to my venus , i had a three-year long crush on both a married man and another city ( where the main offices of my company were based ) . 
  of course , i chased that butterfly , moved to the new city and it all turned out to be an illusion . 
  neptune can give you nice feelings and imagery imo , but there 's a reason it 's called a malefic !, 
  april 14th , 1983 . 
  pluto in libra ( conjunct saturn ) 11th house . 
  - i 'm deeply spiritual in my own way , not sure i could explain why, 
  - not that much . 
  i have certain standards and dream of luxuries like other people , but it 's not my main focus, 
  - spiritual growth , intellectual growth , fun , caring for others, 
  - quite a few . 
  i remember getting rid of my fear of swimming in my teens acted as a metaphor for some deeper inner process i could n't explain . 
  i had a lot of similar experiences over the years, 
  - i fear the mob , because people forget to think when they 're part of it . 
  i fear financial institutions , most governments and the blind arrogance of science as the masses perceive it, 
  - utopia is the name of my cat !, 
  i think tommaso campanella 's `` sun city '' would suit me just fine, 
  - 9/11 had been proven to be an inside job straight away , extensively and without a doubt, 
  - i have a dozen good friends , a best friend and a lot of acquaintances , i like that way . 
  friends are important but not a must, 
  - my relationship with nature and animals, 
  - my abusive family and especially my father ( pluto opposed sun ) . 
  i come from there . 
  yay !, 
  why not shower in aspartame then, 
  i think you need to relax and stop pulling in order to start floating , 
  no , it 's because basing on what you 're saying , you 're still looking at things happening as a consequence of your actions and not of your thoughts . 
  that stands in the way of allowing your goals to manifest in reality . 
  think of it as swimming : if you struggle and panic , you drown . 
  if you let go and trust the current , you float . 
  that 's all there is imo . 
  best of luck !, 
  see that 's a big nope  turning down a somewhat inferior job offer let better offers find your way . 
  then , the allergy medication could have been anything else ... you were n't feeling it and created that specific outcome without being aware of it . 
  also do n't think of it in terms of ability , but more as having numb fingers and flexing them to help restore blood circulation . 
  it 's something we all have and unveil , rather than learn . 
  yes i would definitely try and explore your subconscious blocks to a point ( you do n't want to get caught up in them for too long ) and i strongly suggest you try hypnosis and/or meditation to get rid of them . 
  but most of all . . apply for interviews then stop thinking about it until the moment you 're dressing up for them . 
  i 'm interviewing for my dream job tomorrow and i could n't be more chilled . 
  i 'm not being positive , negative or neutral . . i 've let go and it wo n't concern me until its time comes . 
  you 're welcome . 
  of course i will  best of luck to you and happy floating, 
  kudos to you !, 
  nicely done, 
  picture yourself in 20 years from now . 
  realize how irrelevant your current state is to the totality of your life . 
  if all else fails , go home . 
  best of luck !, 
  it will get easier . 
  in three month 's time we both wo n't believe how far we 've come . 
  scorpio is the ultimate pursuer...far-fetched, 
  and you wonder why ? 
  you have enough mars on your own !, 
  :-) no need to go looking for more !, 
  born and bred in italy ... i was so used to being catcalled growing up that by the time i was 14 i 'd feel something was off with my outfit if no one whistled on my way to school . 
  having developed fairly large breasts early in life , i got groped or manhandled by a male adult ( often an authority figure ) at least once a month until i mastered the fine art of kneeing someone in the groin . 
  it started with family members such as older siblings , etc. 
  i remember being 9 years old and still in primary school when the middle school music teacher approached me and asked me to help `` test the acoustics '' of an abandoned building nearby that was to be turned into our town 's auditorium . 
  i suspected something was up but honestly i could n't think of an excuse right there and then ( and at 9 years old , turning down an adult 's request is kind of a big deal ) . 
  i followed him into the building and he lifted me on his shoulders , asking me to knock my fists on the wall in different spots , in order to produce an echo in the empty room . 
  of course , he started groping me straight away and was actually hurting me . 
  i asked to be put down , adding i knew what he was doing . 
  he actually accused me of having a dirty mind for such a little girl and asked me how could i possibly think he 'd do something like that to a kid like me , all while keeping a straight face . 
  i just ran away and never told anybody . 
  as almost every other female redditor , by the look of it . 
  your ascendant rules your appearance most of all . 
  take a good look at yourself and check your scorpio-like traits ( dark hair , dark intense eyes , stillness and nice skin ) . 
  amen . 
  then you need to deep dive and gain more understanding of each element in your chart . 
  you 're not one-dimensional , thankfully !, 
  to better understand your ascendant , check the position of mars in your chart ... whether it 's in its domicile or perhaps debilitated in libra . 
  that would explain it . 
  here 's a good book i 'd recommend for starters :, 
  your sun 's house and sign placement show your mental libido . . what you focus on , what sort of situation you tend to get yourself into . 
  your behavior , though , is the sum of several different inputs and inner processes . 
  you need to take all elements in your chart into account before labeling yourself , if ever . 
  that 's every astrologer 's gift . . you get the front seat on self-exploration and will learn to spot your tendencies without waiting for them to manifest through mistakes or second-guessing yourself most times , 
  almost there myself . 
  have been through hell health-wise , but i ca n't believe how easily i overcame the addition after 16 years . 
  almost no cravings at all !, 
  thank you for joining this sub ,
