just installed it on win 8 laptop and it 's running as designed - a restart might help . 
  self indulgent . 
  territorial , 
  as the old adage goes `` have a king 's breakfast , a prince 's lunch and a pauper 's dinner '' . 
  this is what i 've been doing since my early 20s and now , a decade later , people often mistake me for a teen despite my hectic lifestyle and demanding corporate job . 
  treat yourself to a nice , natural protein-filled breakfast and allow 10-15 minutes before moving on to your coffee . 
  two days will make all the difference , 
  sounds just like a random pick among my three older brothers . 
  i can relate and wish you best of luck - do n't have any positive suggestions to offer , personally i 've moved on with my life as there 's nothing you can do to help attention seekers beside not paying attention and lead by example , no matter how harsh this sounds . 
  they will not accept their responsibility toward themselves until someone else is there . 
  good luck, 
  feels like an older , wiser sibling minus the fighting . 
  are there any rape prevention centers/youth counseling services in your neighborhood you can alert ? 
  they might know more than we do . 
  try replacing sugar/aspartame/acesulfame-based products with organic maple syrup . 
  worked for me, 
  yay !!, 
  best of luck ^ ^ ( speaking of which , i 've had a dream last night in which souls who were just about to reincarnate were given lessons on the different types of rape they could face on earth . . yikes !, 
  such great designs, 
  this will be downvoted to hell but why do n't you just stop cold turkey ? 
  what 's stopping you ? 
  that 's what i did as young as 21 - i was in so deep since my early teenage years that i had developed premature cirrhosis . 
  ten years later i 've never been healthier and never even think about it . 
  just my two cents, 
  the biology of belief by bruce lipton , phd . 
  mind opener, 
  i like it , and i 'm something of an i ching apps addict despite using both the coins and yarrow methods regularly . 
  simple , to the point , and i like the wording . 
  kudos to you , 
  what 's your rising sign , and where is saturn located in your chart ? 
  the ruler of the moon sign plays an important role in it . 
  my moon is in taurus , but venus is in gemini and i tend to nurture people by cheering them up . 
  i would say so , and mars ' position would be relevant . 
  i 'm an aries sun/sag rising but have a saturn/pluto conjunction n my 11th and saturn is in scorpio too . 
  now mars ( ruler of saturn in my chart ) is in taurus , so i tend to accumulate perceived offenses while the aggro builds up and i 'd randomly `` explode '' in front of the unsuspecting person - usually a family member or partner since mars rules and populates my v house.fixed stars in your chart are important as well . 
  antares is right on my ascendant and it definitely adds drama to my behavior, 
  and guess what , they 're not harmful either . 
  that 's because tooth decay is not caused by bacteria http://www.curetoothdecay.com/tooth_decay/tooth_decay_prevention.htm, 
  teeth , like bones , are living organs . 
  while they renew themselves much slower than softer organs like your skin or your liver , teeth are constantly breaking down and replacing their cells . 
  in a healthy person , new dentin and enamel is constantly being generated from vitamins , minerals and enzymes in your bloodstream and pushed out through microscopic tubules to the outer layers of your teeth . 
  with enough vitamins and minerals in the right ratios , teeth will constantly remineralize and regenerate themselves naturally , and do not need treatments such as fluoride to remain healthy . 
  tooth decay is not therefore bacteria or acids eating away at your teeth , but rather it is part of the natural cycle of the life of your teeth . 
  in a healthy individual , the cycle of decay is checked by the renewal of cells , as healthy cells replace dead cells in our teeth , just like they do with our skin or other organs . 
  however , due to factors including diet , toxic accumulations from the environment , and stress , the functioning of our bodies can fall out of balance , leaving us susceptible to disease . 
  our teeth are no different . 
  most of us in the western world -- where processed , sweetened , and denatured foods are prevalent -- have this cycle of decay and regrowth deeply out of balance and our bodies simply can not replace the cells in our teeth properly before disease takes over . 
  deposits on teeth therefore are not caused by bacterial action , but , as evidence has shown , are due to imbalances in our body chemistry . 
  so it is not sugar , smoking , coffee , candy , soda , etc. 
  in and of themselves that cause tooth decay . 
  it is the malnutrition and blood sugar swings that eating such foods creates in your body that disrupts the balance in your mouth and allows decay to prevail . 
  in essence , tooth decay -- like almost all disease -- is caused at its root by malnutrition , which in turn causes biochemical imbalances that leave the body weak and open to degeneration . 
  according to cure tooth decay : heal and prevent cavities with nutrition , dr. melvin page , dds and anthropologist leon abrams believe that it takes just a 25 % imbalance of body chemistry to cause teeth to decay . 
  after 30 years of research and 40,000 blood tests , dr. 
  page discovered that a disturbance in the ratio of calcium to phosphorus in the blood causes tooth decay and gum disease . 
  most importantly , they found that a ratio of 8.75 mg of calcium to 3.5 mg of phosphorus per 100cc of blood , with normal blood sugar levels of 85mg per 100cc of blood creates immunity to tooth decay . 
  when this ratio deviated or when blood sugar levels grew too high or low , they found that minerals were withdrawn from the dentin and bone to compensate , resulting in tooth decay . 
  however , even if you have perfect blood sugar and an abundance of calcium and phosphorus in your diet in just the right ratio , the presence or absence of fat-soluble vitamins a , d , e and k determines whether or not your body will be able to utilize those minerals in the proper way . 
  unfortunately these vitamins are largely missing from the western/american diet , and without them , all the minerals in the world will not help your bones or teeth . 
  having said that , i cut sugar and switched to raw unpasteurized dairy/eggs and organic meat a while ago and my teeth have never been healthier . 
  i also stopped using flouride-filled dental hygiene products and started making my own.now if i could only get my mercury fillings removed , the buzzing in my left ear i got since they were put in would probably stop . 
  pasteurization destroys vitamin a, 
  according to s. schmidt-nielsen and schmidt-nielson ( kgl . 
  forhandl. , 1:126 -128 , abstracted in biological abstracts , 4:94 , 1930 ) , when milk pasteurized at 63 degrees c. ( 145 degrees f. ) was fed to mature rats , early death or diminished vitality resulted in the offspring . 
  this was attributed to the destruction of vitamin a. '', 
  and washburn , r.g. 
  studies on the nutritive value of milk , ii . 
  the effect of pasteurization on some of the nutritive properties of milk , '' ohio agricultural experiment station bulletin 518 , page 9 , january , 1933 . 
  `` pasteurization of milk destroys about 38 percent of the b complex according to dutcher and his associates ... '', 
  - lewis , l.r. , the relation of the vitamins to obstetrics , american journal of obstetrics and gynecology , 29.5:759 . 
  may , 1935 . 
  the pasteurization of milk has been found to destroy 20 percent to 50 percent [ of the vitamin c ] the first month of life . 
  the reasonable procedure , therefore , appears to be to use pasteurized milk to insure protection against disease germs of various kinds and to supply the vitamin deficiency through other foods . 
  the success in infant feeding based on this principle is evinced especially in the amazing reduction in infant mortality in the summer months . '', 
  - jordan , e.o. , a textbook of general bacteriology , twelfth edition , revised , page 691 , w. b. saunders co. , 1938 . 
  `` although pasteurized milk is to be recommended on account of the security which it affords against infection , we should realize that it is an incomplete food . 
  unless an antiscorbutic , such as orange juice , ... or potato water is added , infants will develop scurvy on this diet . 
  this form of scurvy takes some months to develop and may be termed subacute . 
  it must be considered not only the most common form of this disorder , but the one which passes most often unrecognized . 
  in order to guard against it , infants fed exclusively on a diet of pasteurized milk should be given antiscorbutics far earlier than is at present the custom , even as early as at the end of the first month of life . '', 
  - hess , a. f. , `` infantile scurvy . 
  iii . 
  its influence on growth ( length and weight ) , '' am . 
  child. , august , 1916 . 
  `` dr. evelyn sprawson of the london hospital has recently stated that in certain institutions children who were brought up on raw milk ( as opposed to pasteurized milk ) had perfect teeth and no decay . 
  whether this was due actually to the milk being unheated , or possibly to some other , quite different and so far unrecognized cause , we can not yet say ; but we may be sure of one thing , that the result is so striking and unusual that it will undoubtedly be made the subject of further inquiry . '', 
  - harris , l.j. , vitamins in theory and practice , page 224 , cambridge , university press , 1935 . 
  further read : https://www.newtrendspublishing.com/pdfs/16milkfinal.pdf, 
  this is boring . 
  time to practice smiling with my newly re-mineralized teeth , 
  i ca n't wait for my euromillions win tomorrow !, 
  i 'll be using this money to build my first house from scratch , buy the holiday house in italy i always dreamed of and help my family recover after my dad 's departure . 
  i can just picture my mom tending her new garden !, 
  then it 's off to thailand for a month and i ca n't wait to finance my best friend 's ngo which will provide schooling to women in middle east war zones . 
  once i get my mercury fillings removed by an holistic dentistry practitioner , i will start investing in ethical start-ups and buy my first electric car !, 
  i 'm so glad i 've been given the chance to make other people happy !, 
  thank you for our latest chat !, 
  your suggested techniques on subconscious reprogramming have been a life changer !, 
  keep up the good work !, 
  what i love best about your animations is the joy transpiring from them .
