  thankfully , my hair is strong , brown-reddish , healthy and quantitatively jupiterian ... with a stubborn fringe !, 
  no receding there ( thankfully ! ) . 
  wish i had the same luck with teeth , but with a crude mars-saturn opposition ... eh . 
  i went solo my first time last year . 
  so glad i did . 
  do n't worry about fear . 
  there wo n't be an `` i '' , but something much bigger , and you 'll laugh at your concerns . 
  ... all hail karl ? 
  done and dusted  hope she makes it, 
  south of ireland , saw my fair share of orange orbs floating above me over these last two years ... so much it 's lost its charm tbh . 
  as a european , make that at least ten euros ( 11/12 dollars ) . 
  great insight and fun read . 
  honestly ... sex and i 'm not even kidding . 
  after several years with a virgo boyfriend , i find that 's the best way to help them steam off and relax ^ ^, 
  jupiter/uranus on ascendant ( + antares ) , mercury/moon conjunction in taurus / v house , in mutual reception with venus in gemini vi trine mc , and my yod . 
  i 'm a handful but i love my own company !, 
  earth signs will be earth signs , 
  as an italian , he did say it, 
  as an italian , this, 
  omg i have the playing cards on my bedside table ; __ ; rip then . 
  she was so gifted !, 
  as a karmic astrologer , i believe we come to this planet with a list of things we need to understand through experiences and most importantly , the way we react to them ( hence our choice of free will ) . 
  i believe in the loa as a way to thrive in life while achieving these goals ( or not ) , but ultimately we 're all chasing what we miss or have n't experienced yet , because we crave completion . 
  i strongly believe the length of our lives are based on how aligned we are with our original design , and sometimes the circumstances of our departure are part of the design itself . 
  gauquelin would be proud . 
  i 'm not one for analysis , but waiting to hear what others will say . 
  i 've been in a similar scenario until i could n't take it any longer . 
  it was an entirely different setup so i ca n't offer advice , just a big hug :3 hang in there !, 
  you know you really want to quit . 
  go with your guts , you will not regret it, 
  love it !, 
  also , your username lists my two favorite things in life , 
  same here , it 's been going on for a year now . 
  this has been an 18:18 , 0101 and 1010 week but i tend to get 14:14 and triple fours everywhere . 
  i read we 're the ones making it happen somehow ... considering i was born on the 14th of april , that 's a likely explanation imo , 
  exactly . 
  well , i believe we `` organically '' struggle toward certain forms of understanding in our multidimensional awareness as yet another form of evolution , and that we grant ourselves free will to `` get there '' . 
  ultimately though , until we learn a different approach/reaction to emotional and spiritual states we experience on earth , we will keep getting sick ( dis-ease ) , taking our lives and so on . 
  but that 's part of how we learn to `` get there '' , if that makes sense . 
  it 's just hard until it 's not . 
  astrology can be a great tool to find out what you need to work on at different times in your life . 
  it certainly helped me find my true north on numberless occasions !, 
  desiring comes from latin 's `` desiderio '' ( de + sidera = without the stars ) . 
  that 's why attachment to your goals only gets in the way . 
  i believe desires and hopes to be the exact opposite of the loa . 
  as per the greater discussion on predestined events , i believe it 's something we all need to decide for ourselves . 
  i do n't believe having a few landmarks to reach in this life on a quest for spiritual knowledge and the alignment with what makes up happy to be mutually exclusive ; as an astrologer i can see exactly why i prefer certain things rather than others , and i can see what would please me and the best times to align myself with it . 
  that does n't mean i 'm unaware of the obstacles i manifest by lack of belief or external conditioning ; i can see those as well , and make an effort to rise above them . 
  your experiences will guide you toward an understanding of the greater design that no one else can really explain in your own terms . 
  that 's why we all come to it in different ways , i guess . 
  there 's absolutely no point in desiring anything - as desiring implies you do n't have something and want it `` against fate '' or `` against the stars '' . 
  desiring = attachment, 
  can you please not ? 
  or at least not being so blatantly self-promotional ? 
  i can understand that , but it does come across as self-promotion because you included a link to your shop and encouraged people to check it out in your post . 
  see that 's the point - it appears i 'm not the only one to see this as negative in the first place . 
  am i supposed not to say anything if i honestly believe what she 's doing ( or at least the way she went about it ) is wrong ? 
  i am genuinely sorry if my tone upset you , but i feel entirely free to express my opinion on what i perceived as a promotional post . 
  i could argue my comment is but a manifestation of your own self-doubt , 
  i 've always been unable to describe it and too much of a lurker to ask , but that 's what i always had as well and one of the reasons i need to break my meditation routine every month or so . 
  the tingling ( sometimes coupled with a `` suction '' feeling from the inside of my head ) gets so intense i ca n't cope with it when i 'm doing something else . 
  thank you so much for sharing !, 
  can you please post this in the dedicated subreddit , / r/askastrologers ? 
  thank you . 
  thank you !, 
  i am waiting a few weeks for my living situation to change before i start trying to overcome it - i 've noticed i become too sensitive to the aggro surrounding me otherwise . 
  i 'll be moving out on my own and will keep it in mind as soon as i start again !, 
  thanks !, 
  yes i am kind of an energetic sponge - it 's enough for people to complain of a tummy ache to get it myself . 
  also , i have an underdeveloped root and sacral chakras i 'm trying my best to heal . 
  i kind of live in my head with a strong crown/eye chakra . 
  have a lot of interesting work ahead of me , 
  i 've always had an aversion to carbs ( kind of hard to abide growing up in italy ! ), 
  and overly processed foods and i remember fasting two days a week for years as a teenager . 
  giving up white sugar , most meats and all forms of grain products over these last five years restored most of my damaged teeth ( where i tend to store trauma ) and definitely helped gaining control over my emotional state . 
  i believe most empaths start their lives as an emotional punching bag for people around them and alas , it takes year to emancipate yourself from that kind of `` duty '' . 
  but it 's a beautiful process nevertheless , 
  nn in gemini , 7th house with south node conjunct neptune . 
  i 'm in my 30s and i 've been wondering for quite some time now . 
  i think i 'm doing a great job getting rid of addictions ( neptune ) in this life , but as far as communicating/sharing with other people i 'm an asexual introvert who 's extremely territorial and idiosyncratic ... 
  i 'm also strongly anti-marriage since childhood and the idea of sharing my life with somebody else makes me gag . 
  definitely hoping that 's not what i 'm supposed to be aiming at !, 
  http://www.myetymology.com/italian/simpatia.html ... 
  and that 's why as i woman , i felt compelled to leave the country as soon as i could . 
  i 'm not even kidding !, 
  :-) a society that develops a language on masculine wo n't make you feel very welcome as a female ... 
  it 's a brief extract of bettino craxi 's main trial during the tangentopoli scandal , where he admits his party had been regularly receiving bribes to prosecutor antonio di pietro ( from the mani pulite investigative team ) . 
  he defines bribes as `` the cost of politics '' and something of a `` necessary evil '' ; he states they 've been a part of italian politics ever since it became a republic . 
  link title claims that the italian state tv ( notoriously affiliated with this party 's members ) had the video removed from youtube , possibly on copyright grounds ( ? ) . 
  hope this helps . 
  yeah brainwashing goes a long way down there ( no offense meant ) . 
  luckily i dropped out of school soon enough !, 
  i believe that 's what saved me . 
  high-2months-five !!, 
  been smoking for 16 years , got to this sub and quit cold turkey !!, 
  i could n't be more grateful really !, 
  i did meet someone interesting on ace-book once , but things did n't work out, 
  for the love of xenu do n't get me started !, 
  taurus moon/mercury/mars here ... and what a lovely summer facing us : /, 
  chocked on my coffee from laughing,
