  you need to get out of your own way . 
  personally , i keep my hd with fun movies/tv shows/music etc handy for when i need to take my mind off such things . 
  karmic astrology tells us the soul chooses the right time to enter a new body - it does not relate to linear time as we know it in any way . 
  could be straight after your death or in a thousand years . 
  amen !, 
  this , 
  of course . 
  it 's no war and peace  this is the kind of book i wish i 'd read when i first started looking into astrology , some twenty years ago . 
  it 's a comprehensive report on where everything comes from ( from which culture ) and it really helps putting things into perspective . 
  without a solid historical knowledge you end up believing everything you stumble upon , resulting in a massive waste of time and resources , not to mention grounded misconceptions that will prove hard to weed out later on . 
  it also gives you a perspective on the massive impact of astrology on early civilizations and every culture that developed since until present day - did you ever think of where the word `` dis-aster '' comes from ? 
   this would be more than just a present ... it 's a huge favor . 
  agree to disagree, 
  whoa . 
  first off , i wanted to appear just as baffled as this question left me and forgot to add the corresponding smiley face . 
  and i did respond according to the question : everyone , including contemporary astrologers up until 10/15 years ago had to `` physically draw '' every star chart , taking endless trips to the library to photocopy blank samples to draw on , defying ridicule in most cases  personally , it started when i was 10 years old . 
  i 'm in my 30s now and most grateful for every bit of astrological software available to the public , but i still think hand drawn star charts forced you to interiorize symbols at a deeper level and i do n't regret it one bit . 
  i 'm not sure op was addressing `` contemporary '' astrologers ( and half of them will have spent the larger part of their lives drawing charts on paper anyway ) plus the question did sound puerile to me . 
  trying to convey common sense does not equal being sarcastic . 
  or maybe we can all lose every brain cell we have left in one huge politically correct group hug . 
  i would never dream of calling out typos , not being a native speaker myself . 
  but you just made my point - if by `` contemporary '' you mean people born in the 90s , of course most of them had this kind of resource handy . 
  everyone else did n't though , and that includes the first half of the same generation plus two/three more . 
  that 's why op 's question sounds so odd to me . 
  no offense , but i thought this line of reasoning was one of the main common grounds for users in this sub ? 
  also every other spiritualist/philosopher in history , not to mention eastern religions , describes this in detail ( the first two off the top of my head being mme blavatsky and plato ) . 
  i am glad you reached this understanding , but it is widely known and accepted - it has been for a long time . 
  plato argues that it is actually this life that is the shadow of reality and that upon being released from this life our souls are able to journey back to the truly real existence found among the forms . 
  for plato , the physical world is a limitation on our knowledge . 
  you can visit www.blavatskytheosophy.com for further information on theosophy, 
  my personal belief is that you either reach this understanding in life or not , but ca n't really look back once you do because it just `` clicks '' . 
  just like in plato 's allegory of the cave : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allegory_of_the_cave, 
  any time i stray from the path , i get back by focusing on loving myself . 
  it feels clumsy at first ( have n't we all been taught only perfection deserves love , and are n't we far from it ... ) but if you can just do something to show yourself love without overthinking it , you 're out of the danger zone . 
  love is the only thing that can overcome fear , and as you end up being afraid of your own behavior/thought patterns , the only way to get back on track is to love the very thing that concerned you in the first place . 
  it does n't have to be something massive , but it needs to have meaning for you . 
  once i watched a particularly corny movie i never let myself watch before  good luck, 
  will the cats be kept indoors at all times ? 
  because i do n't approve of it, 
  this struck a chord with me . 
  i 'm the youngest of five siblings and to put it mildly , every single one of them is self-destructive or self-serving to the point of preventing any kind of relationship with each , lest i end up broke , heartbroken or both every time . 
  i live abroad so that 's not really an issue anymore , but just to give you an example , they 'll change the wifi password as soon as they hear i 'm heading home to visit , refuse to pick me up from the airport and stuff like that . 
  i spent so many years worrying after each of them and investing more than i actually could in it , but nothing ever changed and even thinking of it makes smoke come out of my ears !, 
  then i watched my father and his own relationships with his siblings more closely ... guess what , he was the youngest of three and it was the same story all over again - he being humble , generous and well-meaning ( and trust me , he was no saint ! ), 
  toward them and my aunt and uncle constantly abusing him . 
  now , following the family constellation principle ... one of the siblings will end up subconsciously assuming the role of the parent he/she feels closest to . 
  my father passed away last year , an event that generally brings these underground currents closer to the surface . 
  when i headed home after the funeral , i realized while talking to my sister they 'd never even address me with basic courtesy . . not a single `` please '' , no `` excuse me '' ... i thought to myself `` how comes i 'm 31 and i allow people to bark at me and treat me this way ?! '' . 
  and i cut them out entirely . 
  i tried the gratitude approach , tried talking to them before , they would never listen . 
  actually they 're so aggressive even listening to them makes me cringe . 
  i could n't possibly have a relationship with them anymore and i just had to accept it . 
  i 'm currently in the process of redirecting the energy i invested in each one toward myself , and reaping the first rewards . 
  my advice is . . look at your parents ' role and make sure you 're not stuck in a someone else 's pattern . 
  if you do , run like hell , let time heal the wounds , and find people who love you unconditionally . 
  good luck !, 
  sorry then , i do n't believe cats were meant to be harem concubines in the first place . 
  and i foster several cats at a time . 
  thanks !, 
  all i 've been asking for since is to be able to forgive and i 'll get there someday methinks . 
  in the meantime , i 'll take that love and happiness , 
  of course . 
  mercury . 
  why not venus and the moon while you 're at it . 
  i 'd change books if i were you . . astrology is already complicated as it is . 
  what 's the point of listening to every author out there coming up with `` original '' theories ? 
  of course , mercury as a divinity did escort souls to the underworld . 
  still a long shot if you look at traditional dignities and actual rulerships . 
  his leela game on xbox helped me so much with meditation  so thumbs up for me, 
  you 're welcome and i hope you enjoy his work as much as i did , 
  i experienced something similar in high vibrational states due to meditation routines - it was like the minimal underlying negativity in my daily interactions was physically hurting me . 
  and even though i share my house with the most non-assuming , good-natured , easy going fellow who 's also one of my oldest friends , i could tell he was feeding off the perceived aggro at some level and becoming more disagreeable by the minute . 
  i often wondered what was behind all this , but could n't figure it out and ended up postponing my meditation practice until i 'll have my own place , in just a few months . 
  needless to say everything is back to normal !, 
  most cats in dublin are feral and ca n't be fully domesticated . 
  that 's what makes them so fascinating in the first place . 
  i have been rescuing cats from dublin and moving them to my house in cork , leaving them free to wander in and outdoors over these last two years . 
  guess what , they always come back and now they 're all off living the good life at some farmer 's place . 
  now that 's a viable option to re-home a cat , rather than make it join some dreadful indoors petting zoo . 
  oddly fascinating and can only be interpreted in the light of personal planets rather than the sun sign imo, 
  i think that 's pretty much it - meditation aligns you with your `` ideal '' state and makes things appear as they are as opposed to how you 've decided to perceive them . 
  my circumstances did n't allow for this kind of conflict/crappy feeling at the time because i was mourning the loss of a family member . 
  now things are slowly improving and i 'll be on my own soon . 
  i ca n't wait to get back to that sweet play of consciousness  i hope you achieve great things by sticking with it !, 
  uplifting story sums it up entirely . 
  thumbs up, 
  what it boils down to is , you wo n't find `` bad aspects '' in a chart . 
  what aspects , even the most tense ones such as oppositions ( 180 degrees ) and squares ( 90 degrees ) tend to show , are just your inner dilemmas and inner compartmentalization / polarities . 
  they can be useful to know what sides of your personality tend to clash with each other , how you perceived your parents ' relationship as a kid and that kind of stuff - but they merely represent/mirror a bigger chance at evolution . 
  people with an overabundance of so-called `` nice '' aspects ( with a few exceptions such as a yod or a grand trine ) are generally not as dynamic as someone with a mixed aspects chart . 
  i have a pluto-saturn opposition to my sun so if i considered these aspects to be as bad as traditional astrology describes , i 'd spend my life playing the victim and finding excuses not to accomplish anything . 
  truth is , i am more stimulated than others toward my goals and almost always manage to obtain them , possibly because i tend to give such a hard time to myself  transits on aspected planets will enhance one side of the polarity/square in turn , either through insights or outside events . 
  so take my two cents and do n't fall into that trap , because it will come back to bite you . 
  that 's so good to hear . 
  thank you for sharing !, 
  http://www.astro.com/ will give you the best chart drawings on the web in its free horoscopes section . 
  but i strongly recommend acquiring an astrology freeware as soon as you can grasp the basics , such as astrolog32 . 
  those usually come with an animation feature that will show you the daily pace of each celestial body and can be entirely customized ( including less threatening colors for `` bad '' aspects ! ), 
  new cool shirt just as soon as i threw away an old ratty one !, 
  declutter win ,
