  i 'm aries and have the exact same shirt , bought it in hawaii, 
  i knew it . 
  thanks for posting this !, 
  lol , here 's to naive/wannabe evil us . 
  did n't even make it to the top of the list !, 
  one of those things you wish you could forget and experience again for the first time , 
  from someone in the same predicament , hang in there . 
  focus on thanking your body for toughing it through and remember to reward yourself when you can . 
  / waves less yellowish hand, 
  i was developing raynaud 's disease by the time i quit :, 
  not good for an otherwise healthy 32 y o female . 
  my main challenge is unlearning to bottle up every emotion and get it out of my system without the dopamine fix of a smoke ... i started at 16 so i find myself reinventing my adult persona , hopefully for the best . 
  who knows what we 'll be like in a year if we keep it up , 
  it 's also a matter of being in charge of your body 's relaxation - when i realized i could actually just take 5 without having to smoke in order to relax ( perhaps sitting and staring at nothing in particular for a few minutes - something your mind requires every now and then ) , i felt halfway through it . 
  i got lucky , too - cigarettes started tasting awful after my one and only 3rd day relapse , like car fumes . 
  kinda makes you think when your body is better than you at taking care of itself . 
  oh , i had n't started my counter at the time of the relapse of course !, 
  among italian astrologers we often joke that the so-called age of enlightenment has given birth to rational thinking and killed common sense in the process . 
  astrology was one of its victims . 
  all jokes aside , that 's where discrediting astrology started ... it was outlawed in ancient rome first . 
  then the church took care of it for roughly thirteen centuries by persecuting astrologers and proto-physicists as heretics , until everything had been lost and forgotten in europe . 
  by the end of the middle ages , astrology was nothing more than a past-time in renaissance courts , not to be taken seriously . 
  it really has n't changed much since , in the eyes of the public, 
  not interested in finding my soulmate , but i 'll bring popcorn and watch, 
  oh , i remember getting mad about it as early as 10 years old ( without any basic astronomical knowledge ) with people who would dismiss it . 
  it just `` felt '' so right to me i would stomp my foot and ask how could they not tell things were actually like that !, 
  on the other hand , it 's all nice and good for us now , but some popes actually had people nailed to church doors by their tongues until they bled to death only for mentioning astrology among other things :(, 
  blame it on the uranus/jupiter conjunction sitting on my ascendant , but i 'm something of an optimist . 
  it 's much more mainstream now and i 've been pleasantly surprised by how easy it is to clarify the main misunderstandings with people while providing them with basic astrological and astronomical knowledge . 
  i made a point to briefly discuss it with every client before any consultation can start - to see the understanding in their eyes is much more satisfying than i thought it would be . 
  people are helplessly curious and love to get the hang of something , so as long as you explain it clearly , they will love it ( or that 's my experience ) . 
  i believe it 's up to younger astrologers to bridge the traditional knowledge/new discovery gap , start a proper dialogue with scientific heads ( while biting our tongues and thinking of england , i guess ) and create an international , organized multidisciplinary community ( or merge the existing ones of course ! ) . 
  you catch more flies with honey than with vinegar ... and i 'm an aries sun !, 
  edit : thanks for gold , anon !, 
  there 's more where that idealistic chatter came from  pm me please, 
  love this positive take on it . 
  with the 1983 jupiter/uranus conjunction sitting right on my ascendant , a virgo midheaven ruled by a mercury conjunct moon in v house ... 
  i expect fireworks !, 
  in my 20s - having moved out on my own at 17 due to family abuse - i had to work in several factories and something about me always got the ( generally male , middle-aged , frustrated and miserable ) boss to snap . 
  i was young and motivated , generally quick and good at was i was doing and got along just fine with everyone else , i was a fairly normal-looking girl , but this was the strangest thing - everyone just accepted a young girl would be daily yelled at or talked down to by the middle aged boss for silly reasons , and no one ever mentioned it . 
  i was too ashamed to speak out but i realize now they were probably attracted to me ( early bloomer here ) and frustrated by the whole situation ( we 're talking family owned-businesses and their wives were always present and watching closely ) . 
  i know exactly what you 're feeling , how awful it is and how you ca n't shake off a sense of personal responsibility when you 're confronted by this person . 
  my own scenario went on for years , i changed companies , they always looked promising , always got a higher wage then the one before ... then two months in , the boss would just start being abusive . 
  then one day , probably at 21 , i was driving to work and my body just decided to let me know it could n't take it any longer . 
  i witnessed myself making a u turn without fully believing it , went home , cried for 12 hours straight and quit that day . 
  and i so could n't afford it !!, 
  i had rent and bills on my own , no support from anyone and no prospects . 
  later that month i found work in a supermarket ( felt like a wall street job to me after all these years spent working in warehouses ) , then i applied for a long-term volunteering project abroad , one good thing followed another and now i work in it while taking cs classes  what i mean is , you want to make sure this person you attracted in your experience is not the `` sum '' of your fears , mistrust of wealth and lack of confidence all in one - as my bosses were to me . 
  as soon as i abandoned that experience taking a leap of faith , every area of my life suddenly improved and i was taken to the next level . 
  hope this makes sense . 
  good luck !, 
  my catholic , overly religious dad would ask me to take my hands out from under the covers before i fell asleep . 
  when i was seven years old . 
  did n't realize what he meant until my 20s, 
  they 're not in continental europe . 
  you have some more or less famous astrologer working for a specific paper most of his/her life . 
  at least that 's my experience in italy , france , germany and spain, 
  no problem at all !, 
  i really hope you 'll realize how much above the current situation you really are and act on it . 
  keep us posted !, 
  tell me about it !, 
  :-) i 've been blessed with a gemini desc conjunct venus and i 'm a psycho magnet , yay - . - ', 
  oh and of course ... best of all http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fr%c3%a9d%c3%a9ric_bourdin, 
  as a quiet taurus moon baffled by all things scorpio , love it !, 
  your rising sign expresses mainly in your physical appearance ... because it 's literally the first `` visible '' degree of your chart . 
  so if you have a scorpio rising ruled by a strong mars you might have deep intense eyes or darker hair , sag rising will heighten your forehead etc. . 
  was born with uranus-jupiter conjunct on my sag ascendant and i 've won the lottery several times ( a few thousand euros last year ) . 
  i 've also had great work opportunities appear out of thin air . 
  always gave my best of course , i 'm an aries sun  but yeah definitely feel lucky and have a tendency to follow my bliss, 
  how about a nice scorpio saturn/libra pluto conjunction opposing my 4th house sun from the 11th and being completely rejected by family , something i dearly reciprocate  saturn is also opposing my mars so brutally i lost about half of my teeth to decay before i turned 30 , despite being careful with nutrition and dental care . 
  high highs and low lows !, 
  well i see squares as solvable dilemmas , whereas oppositions can really sneak up on you . 
  take pluto ... it 's really easy to miss , then i realized i never really found myself deserving or worthy of anything . . i only really managed to identify the bitchy little voice inside my head earlier this year ( the fourth house/sun being involved , that obviously comes from a verbally abusive father that passed away last summer ) . 
  but honestly you do become resilient and i have a strong v house moon/mercury conj . 
  in mutual reception with venus trine mc ... my daily life is filled with fun and curiosity . 
  i strongly believe luck is something you align yourself with rather than receive ... i often launched myself headfirst into things such as moving abroad or changing jobs with no guarantees other than a gut feeling . 
  jupiter = faith . 
  pluto 8th is so powerful though :3 i envy your obe potential !, 
  because it 's the actual italian pronunciation ... the correct one . 
  standing for `` tirami su '' , meaning `` pick me up '' or `` cheer me up '' . 
  as an italian , not surprised it 's being mispronounced . . 
  well as you said , people with strong 8th house placements tend to have increased psychic capabilities , including astral travel . 
  i 'd suggest you post a full analysis request in / r/askastrologers , they 'll be more than happy to freak you out  jk, 
  i felt a lump in my breast around christmas , which my gp deemed likely to be yet another fibroadenoma ( got a first one removed in 2013 ) . 
  knowing what to expect and that it was probably going to be entirely benign ( also having been advised by my gp that they should n't be removed too often ) , i did n't think much of it and scheduled a mammography for a later date . 
  when i finally got to do it in march , everything was gone . 
  the lump , the stiffness , everything . 
  it had dissolved by itself despite having been at least half a cm wide ... i 'm entirely convinced my earlier dismissal depressed it to the point of nonexistence !, 
  call me anne shirley, 
  do n't mention it !, 
  ( and it will probably disappear , i might add ! ), 
  of course , a lot of different factors can come in , especially planets on the ascendant and jupiter 's placement in the chart . 
  i 'm a sag rising myself , with jupiter on it , and do have a high forehead , whereas someone born with the moon conj their ascendant ( or jupiter in cancer ) might have a rounder face . 
  i 'm sag rising , have a big forehead but i 'm decidedly fun-sized and i 'm the opposite of loud ; i do tend to speak very fast due to a moon-mercury conjunction . 
  the lord of the ascendant needs to be in a powerful placement and not in its detriment in order for it to express its influence in full . 
  home-brewed ayahuasca . 
  i meant jupiter as it rules a sag ascendant  in your case , the sun placement would be more relevant , as the sun rules leo . 
  http://www.lynda.com/search?q=math perhaps ? 
  ha , thank you !, 
  definitely on the high/domed side .
