  unfortunately they move so fast the video does n't make sense at all , it 's like an orange blur trembling and moving in every direction at random . 
  as an italian , that 's not it i 'm afraid . 
  it 's actually a verse from virgil 's `` bucoliche '' , roughly 40 bc . 
  oh - my apologies then . 
  so much tp still waiting for me . 
  i think that 's the reasoning behind monasteries and the like ... coming from the part of italy where most orders were originally founded . 
  amazing work !, 
  kudos to you , 
  two amazing lucid dreams , a personalized vision poster , a luxury vegetarian meal , texts from a friend i had n't heard from in a while , an incredible job with wonderful colleagues ... bliss, 
  somebody knows their feng shui , 
  porn for squirrels, 
  i won a decent sum two years ago while feeling fairly miserable . 
  i think what did the trick for me was the complete release of any expectation . 
  i had just read tosha silver 's `` outrageous openness '' back then and i started offering everything up to the divine , with complete abandon and acceptance of its outcome . 
  and of course , everything in my life took off in a matter of days . 
  including winning the lottery . 
  i remember playing the night before feeling completely indifferent toward winning any amount ... just knowing that was going to be taken care of and i need n't worrying . 
  i believe it 's the amount of `` work '' you think you need to put in to attract things that actually keeps them out of reach . 
  also , freeing yourself from attachment goes hand in hand with offering everything up to the divine in you ; that 's my own take on it . 
  just woke up , i hope this made sense, 
  * waaaaaaaalt *, 
  april 14 , 1983 11:45 pm thank you , 
  i 'm in guys . 
  do we need to sync our timing regardless of time zone ? 
  i 've always been very successful in manifesting money and i 'd love to help people if i could . 
  yeah i think it does n't matter after all . 
  we 're all tapping into something outside time so  i 'll start today , ca n't wait < 3, 
  does anybody else feel an incredible sense of bliss and can visualize very clearly while doing this ? 
  i started doing it for others but now i would n't miss it because it feels too good !, 
  how can you meditate and focus at the same time when meditation is getting rid of what you use to focus on things in the first place ? 
  o __ o sorry i `` just '' meditate . 
  i could n't this past week as i got really sick , but i 'll restart tomorrow . 
  i believe the feeling of well-being i got from this helped postpone my cold as well , which was long overdue . 
  thanks !, 
  the universe knew i was looking for answers beyond the daily rat race and forced me to sit still for a while . 
  in all fairness it does take a universe ^ ^, 
  you could be either one of those early sags , a scorpio or a libra . 
  here goes mine , i have shamelessly bad taste in music so do n't roast me please , 
  mike oldfield - jewel in the crown, 
  fats domino - rooster song, 
  billy idol - dancing with myself, 
  jive aces - accentuate the positive, 
  cole porter - you 're the top, 
  jack johnson - upside down, 
  gala - suddenly, 
  darren hanlon - all these things, 
  edvard grieg - peer gynt suite, 
  gary go - wonderful, 
  lisa ekdahl - one life, 
  regina spektor - on the radio, 
  cake - wheels, 
  ahahh have neither sign - beside a libra pluto - even occupied by anything in my chart :'), 
  ah do n't worry , i have a single strong element in my chart that makes it harder to guess , 
  yay !, 
  and more air perhaps . . 
  aaand have nothing in those two either , sorry :'), 
  i just got something of an aquarian vibe somewhere . 
  mmhh - virgo or scorpio then, 
  north node you mean ? 
  hmm . 
  i ` mma go with capricorn here , or earth in general . 
  but i might be off by a mile of course . 
  getting closer !, 
  not only my ascendant , but i have a jupiter/uranus conj right on it , 
  nope , sorry : /, 
  i think if you take a look at how many titles have to do with time/speed/movement and individuality it 'll be easier , 
  it 's totally aries  and yes i only have the sun there in the fourth house , hardly ideal , held by a taurus mars conj moon/mercury , in mutual reception with a gemini venus . 
  so i 'm really kind of a mercurial sag that 's dressed up as an aries with an annoying taurus side . 
  most of the artists in the list are geminis , actually . 
  just checked . 
  so it yours a double sag couple ? 
  hardly ever met those !, 
  good guessing game . 
  capricorn or aquarius . 
  it professional in my 30s , been into it for as long as i can remember . 
  constantly building my own website and reading people 's chart for free . . darn jupiterian nature . 
  no way !, 
  i 'm a sagittarius rising , with antares/jupiter/uranus lying right on it ( and an aquarian lilith so there 's a bit of water bearer overall ) . 
  one of my best friends has an aqua moon right on her midheaven and of course she 's the best mother ever . 
  still sounds like a steamy combo for a couple !!, 
  i find mars in gemini such fun but they hate my guts most times ahaha - probably because of the taurus side . 
  i 'm sensing some sun or moon in this ... leo or cancer ? 
  or glorified pisces ? 
  a 12th house stellium is n't always easy and it 's great that you have that much sag and aquarius in your chart to balance things out . 
  north node-moon , oh my !!, 
  that must have been some encounter , 
  well , it 's a nicely balanced playlist then , 
  far too classy for the first half of the zodiac , 
  same here , my first boyfriend was virgo and the main issue for me was communication , as i was far too young to understand everyone has their own reactions and pace in life . 
  best sex ever though . 
  i do n't think individual approaches should be emphasized in this way . . whatever did n't work for you , even a simple affirmation video , could have helped someone else get on to the next step . 
  this speaks of a taurus scorpio axis with a hint of gemini to me ... 
  i appreciate that , but have you edited your post ? 
  as it sounds mellower than my first read , 
  high-we 're - all-getting-there - five . 
  now go show yourself a great time !, 
  to me that 's usually a sign that things are about to speed up again ... if that makes sense . 
  i think it 's because i still tend to experience life as a series of episodes rather than something that * is * and i partake in . 
  but i like it , 
  my work here is done ,
