  why thank you . 
  i 've only been a member of the italian academy of astrological disciplines for years ( one of the most prominent and classical-based establishments in europe ) . 
  and recently left it because of people expressing opinions similar to yours , though grateful for the technical background it gave me . 
  `` bad '' placements in a chart represent tensions that will manifest on the outside if not fully explored in one 's self , and life is what you make of it and what you learn from these experiences imo . 
  of course i could have said `` saturn/pluto opposing my sun gave me an abusive alcoholic father and a horrible childhood '' but i can see how these outside experiences matched my level of evolution back then and created embedded subconscious commands that i need to overcome . 
  that is my lot in this life and it was shown in my chart , now i have a chance to evolve from it . 
  i guess you could label me as a karmic astrologer , but guess what  i 'm not alone in this . 
  i seem to remember `` know thyself '' was also inscribed on the academy of athens at a time relevant to astrology . 
  my opinion is that you attract exactly what your vibration sends out and that at lowest possible degree of insight , the chart shows what outside events can take place to mirror these tendencies . 
  nice talking to you, 
  does n't seem like you 've understood my line of reasoning at all , but i 'm not really interested in discussing it either . 
  of course you can keep calling every aspect `` good '' or `` bad '' without exploring it further , giving people a reason to justify their shortcomings or use their own insecurities as a staple rather than a self-exploration tool . 
  i only have a problem with people assuming that 's the only astrology there is , as is often the case . 
  op , yes , people will call opposition and squares in your chart `` bad '' ( especially traditional astrologers ) and you can wave your fist at the sky for every misfortune on your path . 
  or you could try and understand your overall shape , what energies it involves and analyzing what it sends out with an objective mind and from a detached viewpoint . 
  i think you will find the latter makes much more sense over time , as it did for me , 
  must . . not . . speak , 
  ( as an aries sun without a drop of water in her chart ! ), 
  give me a mad scorpio over a whining cancer every day !, 
  ( just kidding ), 
  not much so far ( just small things like being `` casually '' led to a room where i needed to do/pick up something i would have forgotten otherwise , or 1111-like double digits everywhere ) . 
  but i love hearing other people 's experiences with synchronicity so thank you for sharing !!, 
  keep up the good work !, 
  depends on whom you ask - personally i think it 's just an indication/nudge telling you to keep at whatever you 're doing . 
  mine are 444 , 555 and lately 14:14 everywhere ( house numbers , license plates etc ) . 
  would it exist at all ? 
  it 's like imagining the internet without dns or servers, 
  amen !, 
  haha touche ' . 
  should n't try to post more than three comments at once, 
  about time someone took it back to what it was before the romans messed up with it, 
  wow - something like that involving a three stories scaffolding falling across the street ( that would have squashed me had i not moved for no apparent reason a few seconds earlier ) happened to me as a kid . 
  and just like a kid , i did n't even think much of it . 
  only adults are baffled by synchronicity , 
  as an italian , `` cornetto '' is the southern italian word for croissant  we call it croissant in the north . 
  and the movies are named after the ice cream cone - the two usages are not related in any sense . 
  i think it depends on how deep and unadulterated your relationship is with someone . 
  if you appreciate a person for what he/she is , see them for what they are without too many `` filters '' , then yes - it 's the kind of manifestation you get when you first fall in love with someone and they always seem to do and say just the right thing , because you expect them to . 
  after a while , your general views on and expectations on people take over and they will start behaving accordingly . 
  as i mentioned on this page before , i have a terrible relationship with my four older siblings . 
  i have been nervous about it for years ( most of them do n't seem to be able to hold a job/house/meaningful relationship etc for longer than two years ) and wondering endlessly on the best way to help each of them , hence keeping them in the condition to need help ( among a gazillion other factors in their lives , of course ) . 
  they grew more bitter over the years and i remember heading home last year - i live abroad - hoping one of them would n't have done a specific thing on purpose to make my visit less enjoyable . 
  i was already into the loa , so as soon as i got there and realized he did exactly what i expected him to , i knew whose `` fault '' it was !, 
  i have been very careful not to linger on the thought of people i do n't have a perfect relationship with since ... 
  i guess health affirmations could help slow down the withdrawal symptoms ? 
  not sure, 
  i would look into hypnosis as well, 
  everything aries , mars being too close to the sun ( under 5 degrees imo ) and other things i ca n't think of because my aries placements wo n't let me focus !, 
  same here, 
  i was born in 1983 and everything from the early 80s looked positively archaic to me as a teenager . 
  definitely retro . 
  depends on who you ask  personally i think we choose the perfect time to be born at as an educational life experience , and that invalidates the question imo . 
  but generally speaking , your star chart rules your own perceptions , not the objective behavior of the people around you . 
  because manifestation happens according to your inputs ? 
  just the other day i emailed a friend adding an inside joke involving five lobsters . 
  ten minutes later , a random picture of a woman holding five lobsters showed up - and not as an ad - on an imgur-like site i 've been browsing . 
  how 's that for a coincidence . 
  well put, 
  the subjective perception is a widely accepted fact though - even by personal experience , my mother is your average italian housewife , obsessed with gardening , uber sweet and extremely dependent on her husband . 
  now , i 'm the youngest of 5 siblings . 
  both my sister and i have a taurus moon , while the eldest has an horribly placed scorpio moon , another one has a cancer stellium ruled by a gemini moon and the middle brother has an aries moon opposing his libra sun . 
  i feel certain my mother does not suffer by multiple personalities disorder , 
  the mutual inspiration continues , 
  you 're welcome !, 
  absolutely not , and i do n't think i 'm biased here . 
  my mom has been often compared to melanie in `` gone with the wind '' and jane eyre due to her patience and understanding ( plus coping with an alcoholic and violent husband who lost his job to illness in his 40s ) . 
  she 's unnervingly understanding , always taking care of everyone and the first one to show up at mass every sunday , come what may . 
  but genuinely so . . as she 's a strange mix of cancer , gemini and aquarius . 
  she 's as motherly at can be , uber spiritual ( not blindly religious , but the kind of person that actually draws comfort from her faith and is open to discuss it to a point ) and practical/humorous enough to face everyday challenges and poverty without giving up . 
  she has no ego whatsoever and that infuriates me  as per her relationship with the eldest . . he 's always been the apple of her eye , she trusts him completely and they 're very much alike . 
  he was the first child , born the first year of marriage , cherub-looking and grew up to be a carpenter . 
  kind of a mary/jesus relationship ( but he 's taurus/leo rising , so he can be self-centered ) . 
  he 's also an reborn catholic , so she could n't be happier . 
  his scorpio moon manifests in his choice of partners ( he 's in a long term relationship with a woman very much like elena bonham carter by looks and personality , extremely intelligent , eccentric and difficult to get along with for most family members . 
  he 's hopelessly in love with her ) . 
  in his youth , he used to date the daughter of a millionaire ( scorpio/pluto/wealth ) , but that did n't last . 
  as per the middle brother ... meh . 
  i think i 'm the aries in his chart . 
  we 've been very close since we were little ( aries/libra attraction ) to the point where i 've often asked myself if i was n't in the way of his fulfillment . 
  when i moved abroad almost 10 years ago our relationship went downhill and now we 're not really talking . 
  he has an extremely tense chart with a venus/jupiter opposition that leads him to discard every chance of career growth and evolution ( he 's a chef and chose to work as a pig farmer instead ) . 
  he was born when things with my parents started sliding downhill ( dad working late , drinking and turning to violence etc ) but inexplicably always blamed my mom for it . 
  to the point of telling her my dad should have divorced her when he was very little !!, 
  i 've often suspected him of being a closeted homosexual but i do n't think he is - he 's just really secluded in his own little world made of mmorpgs , politics and little else . 
  ironically , when my father passed away last year , he had to move back in with my mom who was in shambles . 
  to say he was n't understanding would be an understatement . 
  then again , i was born in an amityville-like family scenario where she was pretty much getting hit and humiliated every night by my dad , who was on strong meds at the time , and certainly never saw her at her best . 
  yet i have a wonderful moon/mercury conjunction in taurus in mutual reception with my gemini venus ( but with an aries sun in 4th/father opposing pluto , of course !! ) . 
  i am absolutely certain that my mother 's behavior has been mainly consistent throughout the years , taking outside circumstances into account . 
  she has dealt with those terrible years crying it out like a good cancer , praying and trying to make everybody get along without sparing a thought for herself , beside her beloved garden ( when she probably should have filed for divorce and spared us some very abusive scenarios , but that 's something a catholic italian housewife ca n't be talked into !, 
  watchitwatchitwatchitwatchit . 
  i think you should watch it . 
  oh thank you !, 
  i have abraham-hicks books and cards handy but i never came across this one before and it perfectly suits my personality ( i need lots of visual reminders ) . 
  thanks again !, 
  i wish the best to op , but i broke my own first strike today , realized how miserable i felt and went back on the saddle . 
  o __ o edit : i 'm female . 
  again , key to her personality and what she 's always been quite vocal about is that she was happy with her life choices . 
  she 's not even the kind of person who thinks in terms of sacrificing things ... and keeping in mind charts are subjective and what i just described has more to do with how each one of us perceived her as a mother . 
  she strongly believes in treating each child the same way and complied to this rule .
