nooooooooooooooo, 
  similarly , i liked the episode of scrubs with the danish guy who 's terminally ill but does n't speak english and needs his brother to translate ... until i realized he 's supposed to be german in the original and it 's the same old joke about the language . 
  god damn it . 
  :( [ the german version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4tpscw7zvw ) [ the original ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfo1rjhurkc ) that is some godawful german . 
  i wonder if the danish is as bad ? 
  * ooooooh * !, 
  that makes so much more sense now . 
  thanks !, 
  and the worst part : i 'm dead serious . 
  come on , 10 people have upvoted it , someone explain it to me already !, 
  me neither . 
  what am i supposed to laugh at ? 
  is there some sort of reference to hitler that i 'm missing ? 
  what ? 
  i never realized how hilly/mountainous norway is ... geez . 
  wow i took this exact same ferry by foot about a month ago when i was on vacation on fehmarn and went to check out lolland/maribo for a couple hours . 
  ( sorry to all the danish teenagers of lolland without a car that ca n't buy cheap alco at the boardershop anymore ), 
   they do n't want to work because they want to study so they expect to receive steady and generous income from the governments until they graduate . 
  they do realize that , you know , not even germans get paid to study ? 
  we , like , take out a loan from the government ( though admittedly you only need to pay like half of it back ) and/or do shitty waiter/supermarket etc jobs ? 
  i hate that group building thing . 
  it 's especially noticeable in school , less so the boys but especially the girls : a lot of them tend to just stick to their group of friends with a `` t\u00fcrkischer migrationshintergrund '' ( or whatever nationality ) and speak a butchered version of their parent 's native language to each other . 
  emil , i do n't need to be able to speak fucking turkish to know you 're constantly shit talking about me with your friend . 
  like , scoffing and laughing at me and name dropping is n't exactly being subtle . 
  why the grudge , man ? 
  photo day in school is a nightmare, 
  [ uhm okay ... 
  i do n't get all the hype about this `` sunlight '' thing . 
  pfffft . 
  ~ ~ ( i actually pulled the blinds up a little to take the photos ) ~ ~, 
  yeah , seriously wtf ? 
  * passive aggressively stares at the person daring to have attempted to talk to me *, 
  i went there on vacation once when i was 9 ... 
  it was full of snakes and clams that would bite your toes :|, 
  this is / r/shitamericanssay material right here . 
  seriously , even on / r/europe ? 
  this `` mahgawd ` murcia is so diverse !! '', 
  shit needs to end . 
  news flash : those differences exist in . 
  every . 
  single . 
  country . 
  rural bavaria vs the biggest shithole in berlin are like two completely different universes as well . 
  but you do n't see anyone parading that around . 
  w-wha ... how ... how could you ?!?!?!, 
  * ahem * , also : * people who have ancestors that ( relatively ) recently migrated to germany, 
  first i thought that percentage seemed way too high , but when i thought about it i could think of at least 4 or 5 kids in my grade alone ( that i know of ) who have a * migration background in ( or with ? 
  something different entirely ? 
  this is entirely anecdotal of course but does n't seem too far off . 
  i loved that show when i was a kid , always used to watch it with my dad . 
  same ... ugly kitchen from the 90s with windowcolour geese on the cabinet doors !, 
  i have : 19 german 4 dutch 2 spanish 1 italian 1 greek 1 latvian, 
  that 's it . 
  i 'm migrating to scandinavia and no one can stop me . 
  yeah , but last weekend was a slow one and i had a lot of time to kill and that documentary about italian islands was super chill and gave me fernweh . 
  what the fuck it 's that expensive ?!?!, 
  what are the pages made of ? 
  gold leaves ? 
  the nordics , basically . 
  finland , iceland , norway . 
  in that order . 
  worldwide i 'd like to visit japan , new zealand , australia and the us ( also in that order . ), 
  the least ? 
  i really ca n't think of one . 
  maybe luxembourg ? 
  it 's similar in germany . 
  my last day of school will be on the 7th of april 2017 . 
  then you get time off to prepare yourself for the final abitur exams . 
  the graduation party will be on the 1st of july , around the time all the other kids will go on their summer break , only mine will be forever :d, 
  is that dry weight or cooked ? 
  because i 'm eating way more than that if they mean already cooked :p, 
  we 're talking about , you know , europe . 
  how so ? 
  it 's as if german and english got drunk and had a baby . 
  i love the way it sounds , but all the throaty `` ch `` s leave you to wonder how on earth the dutch do n't have a sore throat 24/7 :p, 
  yes , but a good nc is going to be more useful than my bad to mediocre at best high school spanish will ever be :p i should 've known better , tbh . 
  i also struggled with french back in the day , i 'm just not good at romance languages ... ( also i live pretty close to the dutch border . 
  i always feel like a douche for forcing the poor dutch to speak german because no one over here can be arsed to learn their language . ), 
  agh i regret taking spanish in school so much . 
  i should 've gone for dutch , if you already speak german and english you 're basically set . 
  ah alright that 's just what i heard on 1live , i did n't look into it further . 
  i live in the city where he last lived and today i was late to school because the route my bus takes passes the refugee centre he stayed in and the whole street that leads up to it was blocked by police cars because they were doing a raid checking for people who are here illegally . 
   your ouch !, 
  haha , no , just kidding . 
  i get what you 're saying but it seems like such an easy thing to remember ( plus you 'd think you all would have learned the grammar behind english in school at some point , just like i did with german ) so it 's still kind of hard to grasp why so many would have such a hard time with it . 
  po means butt in german , 
   does \u00df vs ss really drive native speakers crazy ? 
  not me personally , but you 'll see a lot of older folks who use the \u00df where a ss should go because they 're still used to the old spelling rules . 
  i always go by the rule that i was taught in the lower grades of school : if the vocal is long , use \u00df , if it 's short , use ss . 
  of course i have the spelling of the vast majority of common words memorised , but sometimes i actually have to stop for a second and think back to that rule to decide which one to use haha . 
  i do n't think it 's weird ; seid/seit and wider/wieder are essentially pronounced the exact same ( especially the latter two ) , so i guess it 's the same issue you guys have with your/you 're ( though imo this one 's weirder because one is a freaking abbreviation of you are , how hard could it be to memorise that ?! ) . 
  it 's not about the meaning of the word , but since they sound so incredibly similar it might be hard for some to remember the correct spelling . 
  and i have to disagree about das/dass !, 
  it 's pronounced slightly differently and one is used to refer to an object , the other is basically a connection word between two sentences . 
  should n't be that hard for a native , but alas ... 
  anyway , the other ones are just as `` stupid '' as das/dass , imo . 
   maybe it is like when a native german always spells words with the `` ie/ei '' incorrectly . 
  beine/biene ... there is a difference i do n't know how much you know about german , but that would never happen because the ei and ie are completely different sounds !, 
  also `` beine '' means legs and `` biene '' bee ... hard to mix those up !, 
  or do you mean something like writing `` beine '' as `` baine '' and biene `` bihne '' ?
