  that would only happen to primary schoolers or people who are seriously uneducated . 
  more common mistakes are : dass/das einziger/einzigster ( the german version of the could care less problem haha . 
  it 's like saying '' i am the onliest xy '' insted of '' i am the only xy '' ss / \u00df wieder/wider ( again/against ) wie/als ( as/than ) seit/seid ( since / [ 3rd person plural ] you are ) etc etc etc, 
  no , the other way around !, 
  der tod = death tot sein = to be dead, 
  defiantly . 
  what pisses me off is native speakers making stupid spelling mistakes on the internet because i 'll see it and think : `` woah , i guess i spelled that wrong this whole time ! '', 
  but , no , 95 % of the time eventually it turns out i was right after all . 
  how many people ca n't distinguish between their/they 're is baffling to me . 
  sure i myself make mistakes too , but seriously ? 
  that was one of the first things i learned . 
  what ... are you meaning to tell me she 's fucking living in that guy 's house ?!?!, 
  i was in 2nd grade when she finally ran away . 
  was terrified to walk by cars when walking to school alone in the morning for years . 
  eh , is n't it basically the same in most of central europe ? 
  i 've never had a stranger try to strike up a conversation on the bus except for maybe old little ladies ( very rare though ), 
  agh do n't remind me , i 'm getting upset just thinking about it !, 
  so , i got an iphone 6 + 64gb 2 months ago , but i ca n't fucking use that storage because itunes quit fucking working fuck !!, 
  reinstalling does n't work , i always get the windows error 7 message . 
  following the advice on the official apple website does n't work . 
  following advice on random tech forums does n't work . 
  `` it came some stone to his seat ... up into ass of timo ! '', 
  and never forget : `` mika , how do you feel now that your reign as world champion is over ? '', 
  `` so sad :( '' these days we do n't see nearly enough rally english anymore , sadly . 
  damn kids and their stupid internet , pssshhh . 
  this is entirely anecdotal of course but i personally entered kindergarten just a couple months before turning 2 . 
  it 's certainly not the norm for children to be that young , but not uncommon at all either . 
  also we do n't have `` kindergarten teachers '' but just sort of care takers because over here you do n't learn the basics of reading or whatever in kindergarten because it 's just seen as a place for you to make your first social contacts at and play with kids your age and of course for your parents to dump you at so they can work, 
  whenever the argument about miles vs km , pounds vs kg , inches vs cm etc etc comes up americans always argue it 'd be too expensive and bothersome to switch now , so think about how stupid and unrealistic your suggestion to completely disregard entire languages sounds . 
  by senior they probably mean the oberstufe on a gymnasium . 
  if so : no , no problems . 
  we 're made to read and analyse things like goethe 's faust 1 , which was written in the 1700s . 
  reading antiquated literature is no news . 
  oh , okay now i get it . 
  i guess i just never had the same experience at a gymnasium in gernany . 
  we did n't play any `` feminine '' sports in pe except for dancing once in 9th grade . 
  we talked a lot , and i mean a lot about nazis in history and politics and it was always about men , never once about women . 
  in my whole school career i 've only read a book that was written by a woman once ( a raisin in the sun by lorraine hansberry ) . 
  except for that one time in art class where we had to design a piece of clothing out of trash we never did anything one could consider particularly `` aimed at girls '' . 
  so no , i personally do n't share your experience at all . 
  imo my education was pretty neutral , if not tipped more towards men . 
  and a public school is n't actually there to teach you what you are actually interested in , but what you ` need ' to know to have a solid , broad education so you can then go on and actually study/do what you want . 
  give me examples because i 'm honestly having a hard time seeing your point . 
  i bet you 're male , are n't you ? 
  if not i 'd be * seriously * surprised . 
  okay , some random stranger needs a new kidney and you 're a perfect match . 
  you do n't want to give him one of your kidneys and suffer all the impairments having a single kidney will bring ? 
  well , too bad , your vanity is not worth more than a life . 
  how does that sound ? 
  this is my body , and my body alone . 
  i decide what happens to it , and if i do n't want to maybe be nauseous for weeks , have back pain , maybe pee myself , get my organs jumbled around , permanent stretch marks on my stomach and press a watermelon through my genitals/have a huge scar on my stomach then that 's my decision , my decision alone and not to be decided by something that doesnt even have a sense of self awareness . 
  and i want in !, 
  though in winter the sun only rises at about 8 and already sets at 16:45 , there 's still plenty of sunlight the rest of the year . 
  cold winters , hot summers . 
  good public transportation . 
   except that weird year that snowed in june what ?? 
  as someone in fahrschule right now : fuck all the people who do dangerous overtaking manoeuvres on me even though i 'm already doing the exact fucking speed limit , no km/h less or more , with a driving instructor next to me so i could n't go any faster even if i wanted to . 
  god . 
  also so was !!, 
  as the guy below me said , it 's multiple different sounds . 
  for example the `` ch '' in nacht is a completely different sound to the ch in m\u00e4dchen . 
  a typical mistake for someone with an english accent would be pronouncing it as `` nackt '' and `` m\u00e4dschen '' , though the former should be sort of throaty and the latter more of a hiss . 
  so yeah , i stand by my point , english speaking people seem to have difficulties with that just like many of us have a hard time with the th . 
  okay but why do you english speaking folks seem to have such a hard time pronouncing the `` ch '' ? 
  it 's just pressing your tongue against your upper molars and blowing air through your mouth ... 
  i literally ca n't think of any other way to pronounce it ... litauen is just ... 
  pronounced the way it 's spelled for me , a german . 
  how else would you say it ? 
  i 've visited france , the netherlands , denmark , poland , austria , hungary , spain , england and ireland, 
  look ... 
  i know , but i do n't care . 
  damn i turned 18 on friday and what did i get ? 
  one time free entry to my local pool from my bank . 
  too many stupid memes that would fit right in on my facebook feed + the 3meta5me posts . 
  ( the bike with the broken brakes , the fucking papaya incident , that one whatsapp status ... ) i like the discussion and the sunday threads , though . 
  something like the greek gods would be cool, 
  perfect !, 
  if only the language was n't so difficult ... maybe \u00c5land ? 
  admittedly i 've only been there once for a short amount of time , but why not ? 
  everytime i go to the netherlands i honestly always feel like i 'm in a slighly better version of germany . 
  i do n't know , the grass seems greener there ... 
  one of the nordics for sure . 
  norway , finland , iceland or the faroe islands, 
  bear with me for generalizing , but i absolutely love all scandinavian ( + finnish ) languages . 
  i could listen to them all day . 
  i 'm subscribed to a few finnish and norwegian channels on youtube even though i speak neither langauge . 
  screw people who call our languages harsh/ugly ... 
  i do n't need that kind of negativity in my life , pshhh ( ), 
  `` the german language is so harsh lololo '' sure it is if you keep screaming/overemphasising the hard sounds shut up, 
  i found chocolate peanutbutter at plus on friday . 
  it 's bliss . 
  hagelslag and peanutbutter, 
  yep , i 'm in nrw and definitely feel closest to the dutch . 
  ( both figuratively and literally lol ), 
  we do , but you 're required to wear a helmet and you have to get a moped license if you do n't already have a license for cars . 
   nutella flavoured icecream  barely come across it ... are you kidding ?!? 
  ha , i knew it would be frankfurt before i even clicked on this !, 
  can you give an example of a quirk ? 
  do you mean something like the umlaute and the \u00df ? 
  i ca n't think of anything else heh,
