  so edgy . 
  it 's not like they will leave anyway , so why does the approval percentage even matter ? 
  they are sad because they are n't getting any german welfare money . 
  that is why they are never released . 
  maybe they do need to temporarily withdraw from it . 
  what is the un going to do about it ? 
  send them a harshly worded letter ? 
  this can not keep happening or europe will be overrun . 
  there needs to be a common sense approach to this issue . 
  i remember hearing about that . 
  sweden instigated that lawsuit ( go figure ) . 
  italy should have sent them there . 
   i doubt the european court of human rights would allow this . 
  why ? 
  morocco and tunisia are relatively safe . 
   and i am also pretty sure the german supreme court would smite this down . 
  what business is it of germany 's what italy does or does n't do ? 
   and there would be absolutely overbearing political oppositino . 
  probably not as much as you think . 
  europe politically can not take much more illegal immigration . 
   you ca n't easily deport them back , their countries are n't very cooperative . 
  you can cut off aid to the offending country until they cooperate . 
  money talks . 
   having them in some camp away from others can work for a time but not indefinitely . 
  if they realize they are not going to europe that way they will go back home . 
  this ... is brilliant . 
  if erdogan is so great why are they in germany ? 
  let the people who dislike erdogan trade places with them . 
  there are problems are mainly with libya . 
  rescue them , then detain them in a third country such as tunisia or morocco , which are relatively better off . 
  a free ride to europe , where the chances of being deported for anything are quite slim . 
  what the italian coast guard has done is create a huge pull factor for people to make the journey . 
  if people knew they were n't getting a free ride to europe , not as many people would make the journey in the first place . 
  if anything , perhaps the italians can take a few tips from australia . 
  ... or not create the incentive for them to make the journey in the first place . 
  what about all the economic migrants ? 
  do you support deporting them ? 
  italy created its own problem by turning its coast guard into a migrant taxi service . 
  they then act surprised that the number of migrants skyrocketed . 
  no , just vegans . 
  i hope poland is n't as soft on this guy as i know a lot of western europe would be . 
  i went to turkey myself in 2014 . 
  it was such a neat place . 
  it is a shame what erdo\u011fan has done to it . 
  hungary was the one that shut off the border , not the one who said `` everybody in '' . 
  i recall germany not being so pleased with hungary back then . 
  some people can not be rehabilitated . 
  just charge him with treason . 
  i think fighting in syria with jihadists is about as treasonous as you can get . 
  read my response above . 
  that stanford rapist should have had the book thrown at him . 
  he is a piece of garbage and people should not get off because of connections or wealth . 
  there is literally nothing you can do to help some people either . 
  some people are born with bad wiring and need to be put away forever . 
  not everyone can be rehabilitated . 
   i do n't think that prison sentences longer than five years should even be possible . 
  you have got to be kidding me . 
  what do think we should do with murderers ? 
  that was bullshit too . 
  that creepy little shit from stanford should have gotten * much * worse . 
  most people in my country agree with me , and were outraged by that verdict . 
  he should have had the book thrown at him . 
  that outcome was nepotism pure and simple , not common procedure . 
   it would be more productive if they vanished a-la prc and/or nk . 
  no radicalisation . 
  no martyrs . 
  no problems . 
  i 'd be down with that . 
  just make them `` disappear '' . 
  yeah , people who pose with * severed heads * are really beyond help . 
  even if you think they can be rehabilitated do you really think * two years * is a sufficient enough punishment for something like that ? 
  germany 's judicial system is absolutely ridiculous . 
  i bet you get a harsher punishment for saying mean things on the internet . 
  there is no way something like that should only get two years . 
  i ca n't do anything over 85f ( 30c ), 
  actually the wall has worked . 
   we have a pool of radicals which is not going to go anywhere and will likely grow with ongoing movement of people into europe . 
  perhaps it is time to stop letting so many people into europe . 
  this is nothing new . 
  italy has been the mediterranean taxi service since 2013 . 
  yeah , i prefer we did n't . 
  we love mexico . 
  the people are kind and the food is fantastic . 
  i have only been there once , but i would love to go again . 
  the only reason a lot of americans see canada as their `` brother '' is because canada is so identical to the us that the countries in many respects are virtually indistinguishable . 
  it 's sweden . 
  did you expect different ? 
  the mentality there is something i just do n't understand . 
  you know none of them are going to go back anyway . 
   eu on it one can be as powerful as usa . 
  without eu , there is just some countries . 
  eu is far more important for stability in europe than nato . 
  we are economically linked , so we need each other to maintain our life quality . 
  that 's far more important than an militar defense . 
  you can have an economic bloc without the overbearing nature the eu provides . 
   just look at european countries that are outside eu ( and are not an island or rich as fuck due to oil or banks ) . 
  eu is needed so we can police each other . 
  most of the european countries outside the eu are new countries that hare still recovering after years of dictatorship . 
  those countries are not of the same mentality as places like denmark or france . 
  i do not think western and central european countries are in need of `` policing '' any more than any other stable country in the world .
