  i would be very surprised if this migrant route gets closed up before the next elections in italy . 
   the one thing where america leads the world . 
  no , not films , not marketing either . 
  gangster rap !, 
  god , how depressing . 
  oh look another ngo doubling as human traffickers . 
  these people should be jailed . 
  if they get captured by the libyan government for messing up their coastguard boats and * entering their territorial waters * , they deserve whatever gets coming to them . 
  what does this all mean for the legislative elections next month ? 
  will people go back to their old parties ? 
  i wonder what the final tally will be in the french legislature and how that will affect the way things will be run there in the next 5 years . 
  people do n't want islamic * ideology * creeping into their lives . 
  i do n't think that is completely unreasonable . 
  the polls were accurate for the popular vote for sure , and if our election was based on the popular vote she would have won . 
  yeah , we in the us have ridiculous polling methods and a screwy electoral system . 
  with the polls showing what they are , i predict no upset . 
  this french election is about as easy to predict as the 2008 us presidential election , when the gop was as popular as cancer . 
  you will be out 900sek tomorrow . 
  yeah , that wo n't cause any problems at all . 
  i am entirely convinced it is . 
  i think the sharp increase in immigration ( especially illegal ) is what is aggravating the situation in the first place . 
  i would have no problem with that . 
  is n't that the truth ? 
  spanish is more widely spoken as a first language than english is , but you do n't really see it as a secondary language anywhere besides the us ( due to large scale immigration from latin america ) . 
  yeah , this is n't even close to being true . 
  pretty much anywhere you go in the world english is either the primary or secondary language on virtually everything . 
   freedom fries ugh , that was embarrassing . 
  i loved the metro when i went to dc . 
  i took it everywhere . 
  that alone is far better than what most us cities have . 
   drumpf i am no trump supporter , but this name is getting tiresome . 
  name calling just distracts from any point you are trying to make . 
  that psy singer is going to go far . 
  have you not been to d.c. ever ? 
  chicago and san francisco have excellent public transportation systems . 
  a lot of other cities have pretty good light-rail systems . 
  wow . 
  this is pretty pathetic . 
  the un is a sad , pitiful place . 
  hungary basically slowed the refugee problem to a trickle when they rightly blocked their border to serbia . 
  they did n't cause any of the problems that caused the crisis . 
  as far as i see it , they should n't have to take in * anyone * if they do n't want to . 
  it is not like it was * their * leader who was the one who invited everyone in . 
  msf is one of the main culprits here too . 
  they need to be banned from the mediterranean as well . 
  so he wants poland and hungary to accept the migrants angela merkel invited in ? 
  this should n't be poland and hungary 's problem . 
  they do n't want to accept any migrants and that is their right . 
  it 's not like the migrants want to live in central europe anyway . 
  they will just go to germany or sweden the first chance they get . 
  aww . 
  we love you too . 
  i thought italy flushed this turd already . 
  so the eu is getting all mean girls on the u.k. 
   listen up america , we have real irish people , bretzels are man-sized and written with a ` b ' , plus our italians speak italian . 
  okay , but do you have aerosol cheese ? 
  usa is the foreign exchange student . 
  he is n't well received by everyone . 
  this guy is ridiculous . 
  absolutely agree . 
  why celebrate something that is used to repress in other parts of the world ? 
   since the us-caused refugee crisis ... europe had its had in the pot with this too . 
  france and the u.k. spearheaded the whole libya fiasco , and libya has been by far the biggest headache as far as the migrant crisis goes in recent months . 
  i also do n't remember europe being terribly against the us getting involved in syria either . 
  do n't get me wrong , i have * always * been against getting involved in syria . 
  when obama was making noise about going in there , most of the us was dead set against it . 
  it 's too bad our government does n't care what we want . 
   it 's become much more accepted , even in the left and centre , to militarise the borders between eu and non-eu countries . 
  hungary has done a pretty good job keeping their border secure . 
  i know angela merkel threw a fit about it , but it has done quite a job of keeping europe secure . 
  countries like italy basically use their coastguard to import migrants by the thousands off the coast of libya . 
  sure , there has been talk about closing off the central mediterranean migrant route , but it has been nothing but talk for years . 
  i would be very surprised if anything gets done about it before the italian elections in 2018 . 
   just like it sucks to be 80 % of the rest of the world population when a cocktail of climate change and automation begins toppling societies . 
  if 80 % of the world became a dystopian hellhole and europe was just fine , i do n't think it would be `` just fine '' for very long . 
  guess where a lot of that 80 % is going to try to migrate to ? 
  probably the area with porous borders and no will to deport anyone . 
   an elite class of capital owners , the 1 % . 
  a small middle class of servants , workers , soldiers , scientists ~ 5-10 % of the population . 
  and then ~ 90 % are perpetually unemployed and live in some form of ghetto like your poor black population currently do . 
  subsisting on black market trade , food stamps and shit . 
  i do n't see things getting * this * bad . 
  i do n't think trump and his posse could withstand a 20 % unemployment rate , much less a 90 % one . 
  we would most likely elect more a liberal government like we did in 2008 before things got that bad . 
   humans , like horses , will be obsolete . 
  no , the rich robots will be riding us around at their robot villas . 
   i 'll have extra helpings of schadenfreude if us europeans end up ok , and we see old trump supporters , defenders of billionaires and the american system , looting stores just to survive and getting gunned down by crowd control drones . 
  what about for the americans who * did n't * vote for trump ? 
  a lot of the people going to europe from libya are not from there . 
  they deliberately go to a war zone so they can hop a boat to europe . 
  turkey might not be in great shape right now , but i would n't consider it exceedingly dangerous . 
  that is just a ridiculous stance by the eu . 
  also , the people in libya are largely economic migrants looking to hop on boats so they can sneak into europe . 
  they are largely from sub saharan african countries that , while they are not nice places to be , are not what you would consider a war zone . 
  they go to dangerous libya anyway to get an easy ride to europe . 
  we should not have gotten involved in any way in syria . 
  it is not our battle to fight . 
  the best option is not getting involved at all . 
  it was an internal state matter in a part of the world we can not fix . 
  what we did just made things worse .
