  this migrant explosion in the mediterranean has been happening for years . 
  the italian government is to blame for the rise in mediterranean crossings , starting with the mare nostrum project they had a couple of years ago . 
  this would be ideal . 
  the us should n't be anyone else 's defacto military . 
  next up , let 's dismantle nato . 
  it is antiquated and a waste of money . 
  it 's time for others countries to start defending themselves for a change . 
  so what are they actually going to do about this aside from `` voicing their concerns '' about this and being an illegal immigrant taxi service ? 
   nobody gives a damn what americans think about europe . 
  yeah we care about europe and do n't want to see anything happen to it . 
  fuck us right ? 
   especially not when you 're voting for a fascist to become president . 
  might wan na look at your own failing country mate . 
  despite the media hysteria , it is becoming less and less likely that trump will even get the nomination . 
  even if he did get the nomination , he is far too unpopular with the general populace to have more than a slivers chance of becoming president . 
  his unfavorable rating in the general population is hovering around [ 70 % ] ( http://nypost.com/2016/04/07/donald-trumps-unfavorable-rating-is-unprecedented/ ) . 
  our illegal immigration problem in the us is completely out of control . 
  you wo n't get any arguments from me there . 
  however , europe is closer to far more dangerous places . 
  we do n't have isis controlled territory on our doorstep . 
  europe needs to be a lot more vigilant on this issue . 
  some countries in europe seem to like to not only ignore the problem , but exacerbate it . 
  it is really pathetic how europe seems to have * no * vetting system for people to come in . 
  yeah , how dare they defend their borders . 
  we must let everyone in regardless of cost or safety . 
  how selfish of countries to actually think of their citizens first . 
  i think nato 's usefulness has passed . 
  it is time for european countries to defend themselves now . 
  the us has too many of its own problems to deal with to be the developed world 's defacto military . 
  these activists should be thrown in prison . 
   `` it is like a jail here , '' says a palestinian woman . 
  `` there is only german food , but we are arabs , '' adds another one . 
  `` what will we do for ramadan ? '', 
  a 14-year-old girl complains , `` when i play with my cell phone , they tell me to be quiet . 
  but why ? '', 
  if you do n't like it , go the fuck home . 
  you should have gone somewhere that is more suited to you . 
  germany does n't owe you a thing . 
  everyone has been walking into the eu willy nilly for the past few years . 
  i think americans are the least of your problems right now . 
  if anyone deserves the death penalty , it is isis . 
  but having a terrorism breeding ground is a-ok for them ? 
  i would be so embarrassed about my government if i were belgian . 
  i think having him on camera with the other two terrorists is pretty concrete to me . 
  belgium does n't seem to be taking any of this all that seriously . 
   europeans are n't a bunch of fucking pussies who throw a world-destabilizing tantrum every time some dumbass extremists try to start shit . 
  there is a huge gulf between `` nothing '' and `` world-destabilizing tantrum '' . 
  it really sounds like belgium 's leadership has dropped the ball big time . 
  brussels has a huge islamic extremism problem , and the belgian government does n't seem to want to do much about it . 
   they want us to change and we wo n't let them . 
  the landscape is changing in europe whether people want it to or not . 
  the people in charge can not be stupid about this . 
  the islamic extremists are not going to look at these drum circles and realize how wrong they have been . 
  they are just going to keep attacking . 
  europe has to change its approach to a lot of things if it hopes to remain stable . 
  unfortunately it seems as if the only response to this has been candlelight vigils and drum circles . 
  what the fucking hell is that ? 
  people need to get mad at the cartoonishly incompetent government in belgium . 
  europe needs to change a lot of things * fast * . 
  what he did was wrong , but arresting him for that was way out of line . 
  screw every single one of these organizations . 
  they have been screaming for years for europe to basically open its borders to everyone ( which basically happened in 2015 anyway ) . 
  what is their end game ? 
  for europe to be completely overrun ? 
  europe should discount what the un/msf thinks and go ahead their plan . 
  these organizations have dangerous ways of thinking , and should not be given a second thought . 
  i wish the us would just cut funding from them completely . 
  this is not worth my tax dollars . 
  the best hands down are estonia and finland . 
  the colors on those flags are amazing . 
  i am not a fan of montenegro 's flag , as the colors are hideous , and the design seems a bit antiquated ( it is original though ) . 
  i think bosnia 's flag is a bit odd looking too . 
  excellent point . 
  i say they should just go , then france can strip them of citizenship and ban them from ever coming back . 
  that is probably because australia has made it clear that illegal immigrants are not welcome , and will not get asylum through illegal means . 
  and close to 100 % just stay anyway . 
   it has worked for decades , and it will continue to work . 
  simply for the following reason : germany and france represent different parts of europe , a proposal that is negotiated between these two as equals will already have the approval of most of european countries . 
  it has worked in the past because the eu was a lot smaller , and the member countries all had the same rough goal of easing movement and communication between each other . 
  it also worked because nothing as divisive as the migrant crisis has been seen in europe in many years . 
  while france and germany represent different parts of europe , they do not represent all of the eu . 
  the v4 is far different them . 
  also , southern european countries have not really been getting their fair share of representation from this duopoly . 
  the european project wo n't work if only one or two countries are really calling the shots , especially when the people in charge of the said countries do n't seem to know what they are doing . 
  not every country in europe is on the same page socially or economically , and that wo n't change anytime soon . 
   willing to put national interests in front of european ones sorry , i do n't see why this is a problem , especially considering the eu seems to have 28 different sets of interests . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  i 'm waiting for nanny merkel to finger wag them . 
  sweden is pretty much run like the country version of tumblr these days . 
  the pc stance by most of its government is pretty out of whack . 
  it really is too bad because it is such a nice country . 
  i just hope it can stay nice . 
  hopefully people will stop coming to greece if they know there is no way to get to germany from there . 
  to send letters to the migrants asking them to kindly leave . 
  criminals ** should ** be deported . 
  how is that divisive ? 
  who cares if the crime is petty ? 
  play by the rules of the host nation or gtfo . 
  while the libya operation was a colossal failure , most of these migrants are n't libyan at all . 
  people from other countries have been using libya as a launching pad to get to europe for years now .
