  my big question is * when * will this actually be implemented . 
  there always seems to be talk when it comes to the libya situation , but almost no action . 
  people without documents should not be let in . 
  no exceptions . 
  i wish my country was tougher on that . 
  that is something europe and asia do right . 
  jus soli citizenship gets abused . 
  i personally do n't think it is a good idea . 
  i throught it was sand too . 
  the sand in parts of florida looks like that . 
  it will never happen . 
  humans are too tribal by nature for that to happen . 
  miss universe existed long before trump had anything to do with it . 
  yeah , you ca n't fix this kind of crazy . 
  they need to be processing cases offshore . 
  ifaik you can turn people back to safe countries of origin , which turkey is . 
  why did n't they worry about this 3 years ago ? 
  the situation has been out of control down there for a long time . 
  i guess better late then never . 
  what merkel should have done was take a reasonable number of * heavily vetted * refugees from camps in turkey , jordan , and lebanon , and disallow people coming by other means . 
  allowing everyone with a boat to just come on over creates chaos , and does the * real * refugees absolutely no favors as now their cases are backlogged for months amongst tons of economic migrants . 
  with so many newcomers , nothing is getting done fast . 
  * they were not all refugees . 
  * it 's wonderful to help refugees . 
  bringing in a million * unvetted * people from who-knows-where with who-knows-what intentions is dangerous and irresponsible . 
  you do realize that fake syrian passports were a hot commodity for a while because people who were not from a recognized war zone wanted to take advantage of germany 's kindness right ? 
  while your hearts may be in the right place , i sure wonder where your leaders heads are at sometimes . 
  i have been bewildered by merkels stupidity since late 2015 . 
  all politicians suck . 
  europe is n't immune . 
  the tpp was terrible , and most of reddit was against it until around last week . 
  budapest it a cool city . 
  i do n't think a us airline would even attempt to create a flight 666 . 
  i know we do n't have any flight 13 designations . 
  as a gay man , this is spot on . 
  islam is n't the most gay friendly religion around . 
  yeah , they completely misunderstood what i was saying . 
  i mentioned russia because russia and belarus are so entwined . 
  when i visited russia ( on a cruise , so i did n't need a visa as long as i was on an organized tour ) , the russian entry card had a belarusian one attached to it . 
  belarus seems like a neat place to visit as well , though . 
  i would love to see russia do this . 
  it 's visa process is pretty arduous . 
  that first one is incredible . 
  this is my favorite national flag . 
  i do n't see a problem with this . 
  time to change that stupid system . 
   are you some kind of eu border control expert ? 
  ( its called schengen by the way ) have you been living under a rock the last few years ? 
  countries like italy basically import migrants by the thousands . 
  there is no border security with that . 
  the migrant crisis of 2015 also showed a lack of external border security as well . 
  it took the balkan states and hungary to stem the flow considerably until that deal with turkey was made . 
  something like that should have been implemented years ago . 
  unfortunately some countries in the eu have no concept of border control whatsoever . 
  having a border-free zone within the eu is an absurd idea if not everyone is willing to cooperate in protecting the external border . 
  i 'm surprised the us is so small , especially considering how big cuba is . 
  is the stella in ireland belgian ? 
  i ask because that is where i first ever had stella . 
  i 'm loving this new change in leadership in italy . 
  renzi was such a dweeb . 
  no shit . 
  people have been saying that for years . 
  * isis * has been saying that for years . 
  migrants do n't want to stay on the other side of the fence . 
  if they know they ca n't get across , less will bother to go that far in the first place . 
  not everyone can `` just become a software developer '' . 
  he should be dead , not still receiving welfare . 
  or you can cut off all foreign aid to the countries that refuse to accept their people back . 
   mare nostrum was approved by frontex frontex is a joke . 
  it is basically the opposite of border security . 
   the program already ended two years ago was and substituted by operation triton , which is not only approved by the eu , but also funded . 
  and it 's not only the italian navy that continues operations now , but ten different european countries . 
  the program basically ended in name only . 
  other counties may help out now , but the italian coast guard is still doing the bulk of this , and all the migrants are still being shipped to italy with little to no vetting after they get on shore . 
   now we have the same number of immigrants trying to cross the mediterranean and ten times the deaths we had before . 
  surprisingly , people drown if not rescued . 
  a lot of people would n't even attempt the journey in the first place if they knew they were n't going to get a free ride to europe . 
  all these rescue boats just patrolling * right off libyan territorial waters * is a ** huge ** pull factor in all of this . 
  the fact that the migrant numbers have skyrocketed in this part of the mediterranean is no coincidence . 
   oh i 'm sorry i 'm supposed to say that they should drown . 
  nobody is saying that . 
   by the way guys thank you for killing geddafi . 
  really helpful . 
  the anarchy we have now is much better and not related at all to the increase of organized crime aimed at shipping immigrants . 
  thank the uk and france too , who got the plan rolling , as well as nato , which carried it out . 
  the us has its share of the blame too , but we are n't the only ones with our hands in that cookie jar . 
  regime change in that area of the world is a terrible idea . 
  we should have learned that in iraq , and clearly still have n't learned it since we are stupidly trying to oust assad . 
  western style democracy simply ca n't be shoehorned in that part of the world , and some places need an asshole dictator running things . 
  no , there is no law stating that you have to patrol international waters in search of illegal immigrants . 
  criminally charge the ngos of human trafficking . 
  problem solved . 
  it 's like you did n't read what i said . 
  i said announce * after a certain date * . 
  after that date , if they are still attempting the journey , they are on their own . 
  i think that is fair warning . 
  it 's not europes job to be patrolling international waters for illegal immigrants . 
  if you are fleeing persecution there are * legal * avenues to get to australia ( or another safe country ) . 
  sorry , your sob story does n't work . 
  announce that by a certain date no more boats will be patrolling right outside libyan territorial waters for one thing .
