  i bet a lot of people will think twice about even attempting to make the journey if they knew they were n't getting a free ride to europe just by floating on a boat for a few miles . 
   italy already tried to apply an `` australian solution '' back in the early 2000 's , as the article says too , with maroni , even trying to deal with n african countries some policies to contain the emigration , and has been criticized internationally for this . 
  they should have stuck with it . 
  ignore the critics . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  send a harshly worded letter ? 
   the problem had been not generated in 2013 with mare nostrum , mare mostrum was quite good , having our ships just outside the lybian territorial waters acted as deterrent in some cases , the problem has increased when all the other navy ships from all others eu countries + ngo 's ones pick up migrants and unload them in italy . 
  in 2014 italy registered 170,000 migrants , which is up dramatically from ~ 40,000 the year before . 
  mare nostrum was anything but a deterrent , especially considering other eu counties did n't really start getting involved until mid 2015 after the migrant shipwrecks in april of that year . 
   why the numerous countries involved in this operation do not reallocate those ones in their own country ? 
  they could ask more money from eu to sustain this afford , setting up flights and routes and reallocate immigrants in others eu countries . 
  other eu countries simply do n't want any more migrants , or can not bring any more in . 
   sry for grammar mistakes . 
  do n't worry , your grammar is fine . 
  they will when their foreign aid is threatened . 
  maybe tunisia ? 
  i 'm sure someone will do it for the right price . 
  rescue them and send them to a third country processing facility . 
  it migrants know they are n't getting a free trip to europe the boats will stop going out ( or at least slow down * dramatically * ), 
  no , but their coast guard brings people from * right outside libyan territorial waters * and give them a free ride to europe . 
  this has been happening since 2013 with mare nostrum and has caused an enormous pull factor . 
  if they perhaps were to institute an australian solution i bet a lot of this migration would stop like it did with australia . 
  maybe if italy would stop exacerbating its migrant crisis the rest of the eu would be more willing to lend a helping hand . 
  europe 's border controls are absolutely atrocious . 
  the leaders * can * do something about that . 
  `` children '' . 
  i am sure some country will do it for the right price . 
  oh yeah , you spelled `` economic migrants '' wrong . 
  i could go with that too . 
  any `` charity '' caught doing this should be shut down . 
  if that is something the eu can not do , perhaps schengen should be suspended until the eu can actually protect the schengen border competently . 
  frontex and mare nostrum are pretty much the opposite of border security , and there are some countries that seem to have no interest in protecting their national borders . 
  it seems pretty silly to share a borderless region with countries that will take in anyone with a boat . 
  maybe brussels should spend more time stopping migrants from breaching the schengen border , as opposed to just sticking it 's head in the sand . 
  this would be a better solution than what is going on now . 
  no free stuff for illegal immigrants ? 
  that 's actually pretty reasonable . 
  lying to immigration officials should be grounds for immediate removal and they should have their asylum status revoked . 
  if they are lying about their age ( so they can suck more money out of the welfare coffers ? 
  wtf is that all about ? ), 
  who knows what else they are lying about . 
  that 's too bad . 
  i was hoping he would be out and new elections would be held . 
  merkels immigration policy is idiotic . 
  i hope it does go away . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  obviously every country has their positives and negatives , but if someone is willing to move to a different country , they must accept the host country 's values . 
  someone who thinks things like honor killings and throwing gays off of rooftops is acceptable has no place in the civilized world . 
  i am okay with the darkness and the clouds . 
  i love this time of year . 
  i went to finland about 4 years ago during the summer and it was light out for a * really * long time . 
  it a pretty cool place . 
  i would have no problem going to helsinki any time of year . 
  i think if someone moves to a country they should subscribe to the host country 's values . 
  if they do n't like those values , they should find another place to go . 
   i 'd rather just have an united eu with strict border control and a strong position on immigration than a split europe . 
  it 's a good thing renzi is out . 
  his stupid party does n't believe in ** any ** kind of border control . 
  i sure hope not . 
  i ca n't stand him . 
  he is one of my least favorite leaders on the continent right now . 
   surprise , there are criminals amongst asylum seekers . 
  yeah , too bad germany has had absolutely no vetting process whatsoever in the last couple of years . 
  pretty much . 
   renzi promised not to resign that 's a shame . 
  i was hoping that turd would get flushed . 
  step 2 : implement real eu border security . 
  threaten them with foreign aid withdrawal . 
  that will get them to cooperate . 
  why was n't dumbass angela merkel saying this a year ago ? 
  you know , before a * million * people came in unchecked . 
  i 'm sure sweden would too . 
  they need to stop beating themselves up for stuff that happened 70 years ago . 
  most of these people were n't even alive then . 
  germany has done a lot of good things since then . 
  they need to focus on that . 
  just say no to this shit . 
  no recognition of these marriages , and no reuniting child brides with their much older husbands . 
  these marriages are not compatible with western values . 
  oh , that 's too bad . 
  i put such value in what merkel thinks . 
  too bad europe is so squeamish about the death penalty . 
  that 's true . 
  we were petty back then , and ended up being on the wrong side of that one to boot . 
  how embarrassing . 
  that being said , i still think all the hostility towards the u.k. coming from the eu is a bit unwarranted though . 
  this seems a bit petty . 
  i agree . 
  question is , is will they * actually * be deported or will they just get a letter telling them they are being deported ? 
  what kind of solution is europe proposing ? 
  it seems like they have been all talk at this point when it comes to libya . 
  maybe he would have been taken more seriously if had n't turned his country into an illegal immigrant motel . 
  i saw your parliament building in person . 
  it was nice . 
  i got a couple of photos . 
  you spelled `` human traffickers '' wrong . 
  yes , i forgot how warm scandinavia was . 
  i went to the blue mosque in 2014 . 
  it was beautiful . 
  istanbul is an amazing city to visit .
