  germany is a * completely * different country now . 
  they can be trusted with a military . 
  give them a little credit here . 
  yes , but our elections are quite different from france 's too . 
  our pollsters essentially had to poll each state to get an accurate landscape of the way the voters are going to go . 
  a lot of people did not think places like wisconsin and michigan would go republican and therefore did n't poll those states as much as they did states like ohio and florida . 
  when those rust belt states went to trump , a lot of people were shocked . 
  the electoral college is hard to predict . 
  if we had had a nationwide vote , clinton would have easily won . 
  she beat trump by two percentage point in the national total . 
  also , people were not excited for clinton . 
  i voted for her , but was not enthusiastic about it . 
  she felt like a phony . 
  you can see in states like wisconsin and michigan where the democratic turnout just simply was n't there as opposed to 2008 and 2012 . 
  she did not inspire the same enthusiasm that obama did . 
  from all indications i see , macron has a very enthusiastic base . 
  he is like the french obama from my observations . 
  lepen has an enthusiastic base too , but it is very small and she does n't stand to beat anyone in the second round . 
  fillon and melenchon are still way behind macron . 
  edit : grammar . 
  fillon could pull an upset , but then i would foresee it being fillon vs. macron with macron easily winning . 
  i see a fillon vs. lepen race as being very unlikely . 
  i could be wrong . 
  i guess we will just have to wait and see . 
  how many undecided voters are there right now , and will they be enough to really give any sway ? 
  it seems to me that fillion and melenchon are relativley far behind right now , and do n't have much time to catch up . 
  i was also under the impression that macron has a pretty solid fan base . 
  i predict that it will be macron and lepen in the final two , with macron winning easily over her ( i do n't see her winning against anyone ) . 
  i suppose there could be an upset , but i think the time window is narrowing on that . 
  fillon and lepen supporters may be committed to their respective candidates , but i just do n't think there are enough supporters for either candidate for it to matter much . 
  i always figured polling was pretty accurate in france , but i do n't know what kind of methods they use though . 
  i understand what you are saying though . 
  we really botched up our predictions for the 2016 presidential election in the us . 
  i think that some of it had to do with pollsters virtually ignoring some of the rust belt state everyone just `` figured '' would go for clinton since they had gone with the democrats since 1988 . 
  wisconsin , michigan , and pennsylvania going for trump shocked everyone , and pretty much won him the election . 
  however , since france has an entirely different way of electing a president ( not via the stupid electoral college ) , i figured they probably poll everyone as opposed to just asking people in `` swing states '' like they do so often here in the us . 
  what have they been saying about it ? 
  anything catch your attention in particular ? 
  i think they went a little overboard with that though . 
  they are n't the same germany they were 70 years ago . 
  i think they can be trusted with a military now . 
  i 've been reading 8-10 points ahead of everyone except lepen , who he is leading by over 30 points in the runoff . 
  the election is this weekend . 
  i do n't foresee much changing by then . 
  if he makes it to the runoff he basically wins . 
  he is way ahead of everyone else in the second contest . 
  as much as everyone seems to fear lepen , she simply is n't that popular in france . 
  she will not win the presidency . 
  how is what i said `` ignorant '' ? 
  that `` business as usual '' reaction does n't do anything to keep europe safe . 
  it would do the candidates some good to address this . 
  it could be a little old lady who wandered out of her knitting club . 
  let 's not jump to conclusions . 
  germany barely has a military . 
  i think they should have one , but wo n't that take a lot of work ? 
  macron has this in the bag . 
  every poll says so . 
  this is about the most predictable major election i have witnessed in a long time . 
  edit : how about instead of downvoting me , tell me what is wrong about my prediction despite all the polls pointing to what i think will happen . 
  i am genuinely interested to hear what you think . 
  looks like macron will be the next president of france . 
  i wonder what , if anything , will change for france . 
  - wales, 
  all of italy 's neighbors closing their borders might help a bit . 
  if the migrants know they are n't going to go any further than italy , they might not even bother making the journey , since italy 's welfare system is n't nearly as lucrative as germany or swedens is . 
  austria should probably tell its neighbors to the south to stop playing `` migrant taxi '' with their coast guard . 
  also , slapping ngos that are camping out next to libyan territorial waters with human trafficking charges might send a message . 
  so original . 
  i suppose it is possible , but the election is this weekend and i just do n't see the large gap between macron and anyone besides lepen closing that much so soon . 
  also , most polls i have seen show macron beating everyone in the runoff easily . 
  i also do n't know why everyone is so worried about lepen . 
  yes , she is polling high in this round , but there is essentially no path to victory in the second round if she even gets that far . 
  she just is n't as popular in france as people who is observing this fears ( or hopes , depending on what side the observer is on ) . 
  right now m5s is polling higher than the current ruling pdi in some polls . 
  that is why i mentioned them specifically . 
  could n't be any worse than pdi . 
  that seems to be the trend . 
  i do n't really know what everyone is so stressed about . 
  it looks to me that macron has this one in the bag . 
  if they like him so much why are they in the netherlands ? 
  all children must attend secular state schools . 
  rescue them , but send them to a third country processing facility until they get sent home . 
  make it very clear that they will * never * be allowed to seek refuge in the eu ** ever ** . 
  this will take away a lot of that pull factor . 
  the australians are doing it right . 
  the ruling party in italy right now is a total clown show , and is completely at fault as to how this situation in the central mediterranean got so out of hand . 
  their next election can not come soon enough . 
  i hope m5s ( or any party that is n't completely insane ) can oust them . 
   europe should make ( or at least try to make ) those countries liveable and export its model there . 
  and this is the only way to solve it . 
  it may require force but this is the neccessary step , because it 's not about their prosperity and happiness it 's about prosperity of europe . 
  if everyone can be as stable and peaceful as europe that would be ideal . 
   you ca n't simply lock all the doors and not let anyone in because it will make europe a place where noone ( who is at least minimally adequate ) wants to live , which means end of current relative prosperity . 
  of course you do n't want to shut the doors to everyone . 
  just illegal immigrants . 
  uncontrolled illegal immigration is beneficial to nobody . 
  most of these people are just fleeing crappy countries . 
  do you know how many people live in crappy countries ? 
  we are talking a billion plus . 
  do you think europe should take them * all * in ?
