  we had no business being there . 
  did n't make it any less of a disaster . 
  nato did participate in that disaster in libya though . 
   40 years of their time spent on the defamation of the eu perhaps the uk had some legitimate gripes about the eu . 
  it can be a very overbearing orgainization sometimes , especially since it seems like only one or two countries seem to be calling all the shots . 
   the brits , as well as the americans , laughed at germany and other first world economies for sticking to manufacturing and not converting merrily to the financialization of the economy . 
  germany seems to be doing very well for itself , and that is awesome . 
  however , the uk is n't doing too bad right now . 
  it has one of the lowest unemployment rates in europe . 
  it is doing better than a lot of other countries in europe right now . 
  i for one , along with a lot of other people , wish that the us kept its manufacturing base intact . 
  i am sure a lot of people in the u.k. feel the same way about their country . 
  it is sad that the powers that be did n't feel the same way . 
   as if never a single company moved from e.g. 
  california to e.g. 
  new mexico to save some money . 
  it pisses me off when companies do that to be honest . 
  moving a company is incredibly disruptive to the workers it affects . 
  oftentimes , these factorties are in small towns where that particular factory is by far the best place to work in the general area . 
  take that factory out , and the areas economy is severely crippled . 
  people living in those towns many times do n't have the money to `` just move '' . 
  frustrated people without hope can make for a very bad situation . 
  want to know why trump is president ? 
  look at the electoral map . 
  those newly red states are * full * of towns just like what i described . 
  more often than not , the company ( if it does n't leave the country entirely ) will move the factory somewhere in the south or interior west . 
  there , they will often pay shit wages and do n't have to `` worry '' about unions . 
  labor protections and regulations are generally much weaker in those areas . 
   the factory would end up being outside of eu because of brexit . 
  so everything sold in the eu has to be made there too ? 
  poland is gaining 500 jobs with wages that probably would be considered `` subpar '' in most of western europe . 
  `` haha people are losing their jobs . 
  who cares that they have families or mortgages ? 
  they are n't on our ` team ' so fuck them . '', 
  good lord ... 
  they did n't create the problem or make it worse . 
  he helped facilitate italy 's status as an illegal immigration magnet , then demanded that others take in some of the migrants when it gets to be too much . 
  then after he resigns after the constitutional referendum he runs again to come back to the same position . 
  that 's pretty lame . 
  that whole party needs to get ousted in the next election . 
  italy is the main culprit on this these days . 
  they have been importing migrants for years . 
  yes , really . 
   where central mediterranean . 
  seriously ? 
  renzi was a joke . 
  seriously . 
  that subreddit is n't that interesting . 
  why ? 
  it sounds like france has pretty solid ~ ~ voting ~ ~ polling methods . 
  he has been at or near the lead for over a month . 
  even if lepen had been ahead , her support base tops out at ~ 30 % . 
  i doubt it . 
  another fillon or sarkozy probably , but not lepen . 
  the fn simply does n't have that kind of support in france . 
  it looks like a macron-lepen runoff , just like every poll predicted . 
  is anyone the least bit surprised ? 
  aarhus is a neat city to visit . 
  i really liked it . 
  every poll taken since the beginning of march . 
  nervous and terrified ? 
  that is a bit extreme i think . 
  macron looks to beat everyone in the second round , and is leading in the first round . 
  i do n't think you have anything to worry about . 
  so you think melenchon has the support to beat macron ? 
  there are a lot of polls that 's say otherwise . 
  regardless of who owns the pollsters , that is pretty hard data to ignore . 
  that is a good question . 
  i am interested to see how those will turn out . 
  melenchon is too far down in the polls . 
  i 'd be surprised if he gets past 18 % . 
  lepen is not going to win the presidency . 
  even if she gets to the top two ( which is likely ) , her support base pretty much tops out at ~ 30 % . 
  just look at the polls and relax . 
  who needs waffles when you have all the sauerkraut and sausage you could ever want ? 
  that would be ideal . 
  these are great ideas . 
  i 'm afraid much of europe is largely too meek to actually officially propose this though . 
  based on the polls , it is n't going to happen . 
  sad but true . 
  salafism needs to be banned . 
  europe can not compromise on this . 
  continuing to look the other way will be catastrophic for europe in the future . 
  do you associate all turks with erdogan too ? 
  most of us actually did n't vote for trump . 
  i do n't think things are bad enough in france for people to run to extreme fringe parties . 
  i trust germany more with a military than i would most countries , including ones with very large militaries . 
  you guys have to give yourselves more credit . 
  just because you had a bad past does n't mean you are somehow always going to be bad . 
  i would imagine now if shit were to hit the fan germany would react more like france or the u.k. would . 
  i do n't think germany would get out of hand this time . 
  germany has changed a lot . 
  macron might have a smaller base than obama did , but he still has a larger one than anyone else running . 
  macron . 
  he seems to be generating a lot of excitement in france and is way ahead of anybody but lepen , who is n't expected to win a second round vote against anyone . 
  i think lepen is too extreme for france . 
  perhaps a fillon clone if macron disappoints , but i do n't ever foresee a fn candidate becoming president . 
  eighty years ago ? 
  really ? 
  should we fear the japanese empire and the soviet union too ?
