  i know the terrorist was refused residency , but does that even mean anything ? 
  does it stop at sending a kindly worded letter asking him to please leave ? 
  it seems as if most swedish politicians are even too afraid to even * address * the fundamentalism brewing in that country . 
  unfortunately this does absolutely nothing to stop further attacks from happening . 
  people need to get angry at the piss poor job the swedish government has done when it comes to national security , and the government needs to step up security so this is less likely to happen in the future . 
  candlelight vigils and drum circles are utterly pointless . 
  i hope they do n't bring nato into this . 
  that is disgusting and has no place in a civilized country . 
  he is right on this . 
  well then carry on . 
  kind of funny timing though , as people are going to read this map completely differently considering what 's been going on with brexit the last few days . 
  i agree . 
  the u.k. does n't deserve this much animosity . 
  so this `` beautiful europe '' is missing the united kingdom , a country that merely decided it did n't want to be part of the eu anymore , but is willing to work with it , and includes countries like russia and turkey , whose governments are openly belligerent towards the eu . 
  what ? 
  i did n't think it would be in istanbul . 
  that place is still pretty chill for the most part . 
  he 's not wrong though . 
  i know it is incredibly small and densely populated . 
  it 's language is also related to arabic , which is something i found interesting . 
  it is made up of two main islands and it 's capital is valetta . 
  it 's got a cool flag too . 
  if he is making 350k a year i imagine he probably has amazing insurance , and does n't have to worry about getting sick any more than anywhere else . 
  i hope this means `` forcibly deport '' and not `` kindly ask them to leave '' . 
  london is easily one of my favorite cities in europe . 
  you wo n't run out of things to do there , and the museums are phenomenal ( and free ! ), 
  trump is petulant , but wo n't be around forever . 
  i do n't even see him getting reelected . 
  a lot of us do n't like the electoral college . 
  getting rid of it would be next to impossible though . 
  it is n't as if china is some saint of a country . 
  `` permanently '' is a bit dramatic do n't you think ? 
  who are the `` dutch grey wolves '' ? 
  support for that war dropped enormously when many of us realized we were lied to . 
  if you looked through my comment history close enough you would have seen the parts where i mentioned that * i did n't vote for trump * . 
  i agree with some of his ideas , but found him too unhinged to vote for . 
  i have also been very critical of obamas handling of the whole middle east . 
  i do n't remember saying that exact quote though . 
  i wonder what the context of that would have been . 
  and just saying `` drumpf '' makes you sound like a 5 year old . 
  it started as a thing on the john oliver show . 
  i think it might have been the trump family name before they anglicized it . 
  they were trying to make it a derogatory name for him or something because `` drumpf '' sounds stupid . 
  i think name calling is just a lazy attempt to get laughs . 
  there are plenty of relevant issues to criticize trump on , and trying to use a silly name to get a point across just makes people sound ridiculous and not really worth listening to , regardless of if they have a good point or not . 
  i agree . 
  regardless of what you think of trump , the whole `` drumpf '' thing is just lame . 
  probably . 
  because poland is a sovereign nation and california is a state in the us , which would essentially give it the same status as bavaria in germany . 
  that is just how the world is . 
  population has nothing to do with sovereignty . 
  if that were case we might as well give [ los angeles county ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/los_angeles_county%2c_california ) a seat in the un considering it has a larger population than many countries . 
  france would have been cool to see on this map . 
  yes , being a sovereign nation gives you the right to make your own immigration policy . 
  us states are not in the same level as countries in europe . 
  giving us states the right to dictate their own immigration policy would be like germany giving thuringia or bavaria that right . 
  this is great news . 
  i would if they were their own sovereign countries like the individual members of the eu are . 
  god forbid a country wants to have control of its own immigration policy . 
  what the fuck is wrong with the people running austria ? 
  so is jupp\u00e9 going to replace fillon before the election ? 
  this is why i only bought soveniers at places which had marked prices in istanbul . 
  the prices were reasonable too . 
  it was rare to find those kind of stores there though . 
  hawaii does too . 
  europe can be cheap depending on what time of year you visit , and where you are flying out of . 
  because it is good to be curious about the world . 
  same reason i love traveling to europe . 
  but you * do * choose your family . 
  places like moldova and bosnia want love too , but you reject them, 
  meh , south korea and chile have the best passports these days . 
  they may not have the most countries available visa free , but they have the best allotment of countries available visa-free . 
  they can go to russia visa free , which aside from what you think of their politics , it is an interesting place to visit . 
  mare nostrum was one of the most idiotic ideas i have seen in a while . 
  it caused a migrant crisis that is still going on in the mediterranean , and has made people smuggling an even more lucrative business in libya . 
  why should countries agree to take in anyone while certain european countries continue to import illegal immigrants ? 
  the flow of migrants needs to be stopped before a reallocation agreement can realistically work . 
  how any migrants does the ec expect everyone to take in anyway ? 
  i do n't see taking fingerprints or having your picture taken as unreasonable . 
  most countries in asia do that . 
  edit : perhaps i should add that i would have no problems with the eu doing the same thing . 
  it might actually be a good idea for them to do it . 
   i wonder if us citizens need pre-authorization to fly to the eu , if they need to provide fingerprints of all their fingers at the passport control , etc. 
  no , but most asian countries i have been to require fingerprints and they take a photo of you . 
  i do n't see this as unreasonable , and if the eu did this i would be fine with it . 
  it kind of points out how pathetic the un is . 
  how about try to combat racism and discrimination in all forms ? 
  it does n't seem like the un is real interested in doing that . 
  would n't it be nice if we held everyone to the same standard ? 
  meanwhile , the un ignores racism going on in africa , and religious discrimination in the middle east . 
  i would love for the us to stop funding this clown show of an organization . 
  i know it 's not likely , but one can wish . 
  in the us at least we never spell that word with an umlaut . 
  only word i have ever seen with any diacritics in the english language in the us is `` na\u00efve '' , and even the umlaut in that word is rare to see . 
  we usually just spell it `` naive '' . 
  this is an interesting map . 
  i 'm curious about the diacritics over the u.k. though . 
  is that referring to english or another british language ? 
  finally , a law that makes sense . 
  i remember this being on in the us for a time .
