   like , if no one bought american chocolates , they would n't show up on your shelves anyways guys ... 
  seriously . 
  what is with all the chocolate snobbery on this thread ? 
  obviously someone there is buying this stuff if it is appearing on store shelves like this . 
  if you do n't like it , do n't buy it . 
  stick to your local brands and the `` icky '' american brands will disappear soon enough . 
  i 'm sure they sell those at world market . 
  i got a milko bar from there last time i went . 
  i love those things . 
  i would think greece would be more responsible for them seeing a that is likely how they entered . 
  german courts should n't have any say in hungary 's affairs . 
  hungary actually did something to help stop the flow of unending migrants last year , as opposed to almost every other goverment in europe , who basically sat around with their thumbs up their asses . 
  even sweden was saying enough ... * sweden * . 
  does asselborn not understand the enormity of that ? 
  i love this kind of art . 
  what planet does this woman live on ? 
  mare nostrum ended in name only . 
  the italian coast guard has still been playing migrant taxi since then . 
   the result of that is that way fewer people are rescued now than there would have been . 
  in 2014 ~ 170k migrants were rescued . 
  in 2015 it was 153k . 
  2016 is looking to surpass 2015 numbers . 
  while the numbers in 2014 were higher than 2015 , this could partly be attributed to the fact that so many migrants chose the greece route instead for 2015 . 
  the numbers for 2015 and 2016 are still * much * higher than the years 2013 and prior . 
   international maritime law , however , mandates the rescue of everyone who is encountered being in trouble at sea . 
  everybody follows this , except for pirates . 
  fine , rescue people , but taking them all to europe with no vetting process is just plain stupid . 
  find somewhere else to take them if you ca n't send them back to libya . 
  just sending them to europe will only bring more and more migrants . 
  a lot of these migrants originated in italy . 
  the italian government created and continue to maintain the pull factor of their coast guard going out and taking all the migrant * even ones in international waters * straight to europe just by getting on a boat in libya . 
  yes , thier migrant problems are largely their own fault . 
  send them back to italy and let them deal with the mess . 
  at some point they need to learn that picking up migrants right off libyan and bringing them to their country is a bad idea . 
  neighboring countries should enforce controls on their italian borders . 
  i would be more sympathetic to italy if they were n't using their coast guard to import endless streams of migrants . 
  which is making more migrants want to come , which is making life for * legal * residents increasingly more unbearable . 
  the u.k. should n't take any in . 
  all it will do is encourage more illegal immigration . 
  they should n't be receiving any food . 
  all they should get is a plane ticket home . 
  the donations are only making the problem worse . 
  welfare is n't to their liking ,, 
  yeah , the left wing parties in sweden are pretty off the rails crazy . 
  i feel like we would be in a much worse spot if mccain were to have been elected in 2008 . 
  obama has done a fairly lousy job with the middle east , but mccain wanted to actually go all out iraq in syria . 
  nobody in the us has the appetite for that anymore . 
  the problem is , is that * all this does is encourage more illegal immigration * . 
  this has to stop . 
  make libya rescue them . 
  this will stop more of these boats from making the journey in the first place , since the only reason they are doing this is to go to europe . 
  time to change the laws . 
  it just does n't make sense to me though . 
  islam does n't just belong to one race . 
  to me it 's like calling islamiphobia sexism . 
  that is a good start . 
  or what ? 
  is nanny going to scold them again ? 
  why does n't she just speak for her own country ? 
  no wonder the uk left . 
  she acts like she is queen of europe . 
  thailand is incredibly centered around bangkok . 
  i 'm glad hungary has * actually done something * to protect its borders . 
  this is more than i can say for a lot of eu countries . 
  the problem is , is that much of europe is seen as a soft touch when it comes trying to control any kind of illegal immigration . 
  i do n't think an eu institution could even be capable of real border security with the people who are running it now . 
  well the un team blew the competition out of the water . 
  ol' taiwan is just sitting there in second place and kosovo with its one medal is third . 
  i probably would feel differently if my country did n't win a lot of medals , who knows ? 
  i 'm not really into sports anyway so the international aspect is really all i care about . 
  meh , i watch the olympics for the sheer amount of different countries competing . 
  it can still be fun even if your country is n't competing in the event . 
  how often do you get to see azerbaijan or st lucia compete in things internationally ? 
  these are not asylum seekers . 
  if they were , they would be happy to stay in italy . 
  these are welfare shoppers . 
  switzerland should not have to take anyone in that it does n't want . 
  the city center is gorgeous . 
  the view coming into the city center is another story . 
  interesting question . 
  i guess it just seems kind of artificial and generic to me . 
  europe is an interesting mosaic of different countries and cultures . 
  these cultures have grown organically throughout the years to create something quite interesting . 
  it just seems like `` european '' identity somehow seems to try to override that . 
  to me , `` european '' identity does n't really seem to * mean * anything except a flag , and whatever the people in charge in brussels tell people to think . 
  there is no organic unified culture behind it . 
  it is like a forced singular identity on an entire continent full of diverse and interesting identities . 
  it makes europe seem so generic . 
  i could n't care less about our medal count . 
  i actually like seeing other countries win things too . 
  i loved how fiji won their first medal ( and a gold one at that ) . 
  that was pretty cool . 
  i like the international aspect of the olympics far more than any of the sports going on . 
  i 'm just not much of a sports person anyway , and nbcs shitty usa-centric coverage has pretty much ruined watching the games for me . 
  i have really only watched the opening ceremonies ( always my favorite part ) since these games began . 
  our state identities are not as distinctive as national identities in europe are . 
  europe is cool as it is , and think it would be a shame if it were to turn into usa part ii , with some universal monoculture eventually taking over . 
  just my two cents . 
  i hope not . 
  that would be awful boring .
