  no fs or \u0416s would be there . 
  too hot . 
  msf should be reclassified as a human-trafficking ring . 
  lepen was never going to win anyway . 
  she never had more that ~ 30 % support . 
  it the only country in europe to have full diplomatic relations with taiwan . 
  i could deal with -30 c much better than a spanish summer . 
  if i 'm cold i can just put on more layers . 
  heat is much cheaper than ac ( at least where i live ) , and when i can sleep much better when it is cooler . 
  we are dealing with a bad heat wave in the midwest usa . 
  i 'm completely over summer at this point ( even though it has n't even officially begun ) . 
  italy made the problem a hell of a lot worse for themselves when they started their migrant taxi service in 2013 . 
  migrant numbers skyrocketed then . 
  they have no one to blame but themselves for their migrant crisis . 
  nobody has a * right * to illegally immigrate to another country . 
  italy is n't only horribly incompetent in protecting its border , it is actually importing more migrants by the day . 
  they are making their own problem worse for themselves . 
  this needs to be addressed before any migrant redistribution goes into effect . 
  where is he getting these numbers ? 
  they seem a bit high , and i do n't see a source from where he came up with this conclusion . 
  there are nice paying it jobs in most cities in the us , even the more affordable ones . 
  the czech republic did nothing to start this whole fiasco . 
  their leader did n't say `` everybody in '' , and they are n't plucking migrants from right off the boundary of libyan territorial waters either . 
  the czech republic should be under no obligation to let anyone in , especially considering there seems to be no end in sight to the migrant crisis . 
  give them to italy . 
  they ca n't seem to get enough migrants . 
  they import more every day . 
  perhaps the eu treaties are ridiculous . 
  too bad there is no death penalty there . 
  a lot of us do n't like it . 
  we are stuck with it unless there is a change in the constitution , which is incredibly difficult to do . 
  sadly , the people in charge do n't want to change it . 
  what even constitutes `` residual risk '' ? 
  there are far better ways to get cheap labor than importing a million people in one year from terror hotspots . 
  i do n't want jihadist running around . 
  weird , i know . 
  time to change the laws to fit the times . 
  i bet they wo n't do a damn thing about them either . 
  merkel * does n't * want open borders ? 
  no , not really . 
  remember 2015 ? 
   15 $ / month for the most basic chequing account wow really ?!, 
  is that every bank ? 
  more like `` no * illegal * immigrants please '' . 
  i ca n't stand trump but his * illegal * immigration policy is reasonable . 
  nothing . 
  i feel like the italian leader needs to be * waaaayyy * further to the right on the open borders thing . 
  seriously though , nato is antiquated and i do think the eu needs to create its own defense force . 
  i think too many years of us just `` being there '' has made much of europe too soft and complacent . 
  i want to see a strong europe . 
  of course the us should always be there to help like we do with countries like japan and south korea , however i do n't think the us basically being europes military is doing anyone any favors . 
  i bet an old rag would poll better in the us than trump at this point . 
   surely earthly woes will disappear then . 
  this will never happen no matter who is in charge . 
  i prefer a multipolar world myself . 
  join the club . 
  is this * actual * deportation , or `` send you a letter asking you to please leave '' deportation ? 
  on top of that , they are importing more migrants every day . 
  here is hoping a new party is in charge come 2018 . 
  pdi and renzi are terrible . 
  does n't make what i said any less true . 
  you clearly have n't been following this situation . 
  yes , i know about sweden 's ridiculous lawsuit many years ago . 
  it does n't have a whole lot to do with the current situation , which was started by italy 's current idiot ruling party in 2013 . 
  all this `` rescue '' mission is doing is creating a pull factor . 
  the more migrants are brought to europe , the more other migrants are going to attempt the journey . 
  it 's time for italy to stop these migrant missions and let libya do them instead . 
  if the migrants know they are just going back to libya anyway , they wo n't attempt the journey . 
  any ngo getting involved should be charged with human trafficking . 
  how about stopping it altogether ? 
  it seems as if leaving the eu is like leaving a cult these days . 
  the uk decided to leave and boy are they getting hell for it . 
  the eu mission of peace and cooperation between countries of europe is a noble one , but the eu as an institution has gotten way too big and intrusive . 
  so merkel and company gets to decide what is best for hungary now ? 
  wow what a deal !, 
  a real refugee should be happy with any safe and stable place they can get . 
  once it is safe to go home , that is where they should ideally go . 
  someone who hightails it to germany or sweden because latvia or hungary was n't `` good enough '' for them to stay in ( even if they were legally resettled there ) is a welfare shopper . 
  if they are not willing to stay in poland they are not refugees , they are economic migrants looking to get a sweet deal under germany 's welfare system . 
   regardless i just went to the us so i was enjoying my ever so slightly increased purchasing power while lamenting the days of 1 $ = $ 1.35 . 
  oh god no . 
  i hope that never happens again . 
  i quite like visiting europe . 
  i went there for the first time when the exchange rate was around that ( june of 2007 ) . 
  that made for a very expensive trip . 
  my trip started in london ( the exchange rate was ** # 1 = $ 2 ** ) , which made my wallet sad . 
  i would be quite happy with a permanent $ 1 = $ 1 . 
  maybe they should hold off a bit until italy stops importing endless migrants . 
  why should hungary or czech republic have to take in migrants that places like italy imported or germany invited in ? 
  fuck that noise . 
  nothing wrong with immigration . 
  taking in too many people who have no interest in integrating into the host culture is absurd though . 
  there is a sensible way to have immigration and sweden fails at that . 
  sweden 's immigration policy is pretty absurd . 
  this has been `` discussed '' , but if they were serious about fixing this , it would have been done . 
  look to australia to see how they fixed this problem . 
  i have no problem with helping people who are in actual need of asylum , but there are legal avenues to do this . 
  most of the people making this crossing are economic migrants . 
  finally , someone who makes sense !, 
  i wonder if any of what this guy says will ever be seriously discussed .
