  come on , 41 degrees is barely above freezing . 
  some people * like * cheese in a can ^ ^ like ^ ^ me, 
  something could have been done about this in * 2013 * . 
  the idiots in charge of italy are only doing * anything * about it now because election time is coming up . 
  this has been a problem ( largely of their own doing ) all they way back to when the pdi took power in 2013 . 
  if pdi gets reelected , expect more migrants . 
  yeah , if someone is going to libya voluntarily i 'm not going to feel sorry that they are stuck there if their scheme to sneak into europe does n't work . 
  the news stories keep saying that this `` operation sophia '' was set up to stop human trafficking . 
  it seems like all it is really doing is bolstering the human trafficking market in libya . 
  me too !, 
  i hate the heat i have to deal with where i live . 
  they may see italy and greece as `` better '' , but a lot of them want more . 
  that is why they hightail it to germany and sweden . 
  yes i 'm sure anyone would want to live in a better country . 
  it does n't mean we let them all come in . 
  nobody has the resources for that . 
  most of the migrants do n't * want * to stay in hungary , croatia , greece , or italy . 
  they want to go to richer countries with better welfare systems . 
  if they understand that greece or italy is as far as they will ever get , many might not bother going to europe at all . 
  deporting people is n't hard . 
  if the originating country refuses to take their citizens back , sanction the country and stop issuing visas for people form the said country . 
  maybe if italy deported them it would n't be such a problem . 
  this italian pm is deranged . 
  what else is new ? 
  oh no , god forbid france has a half way sensible approach towards this crisis . 
  the italian goverment has gone completely insane . 
  they want to spread their problem all over the eu . 
  luckily , it does n't look like france is having any of it . 
  it has a lot to do with consistency . 
  the dim sum i had in hong kong always seemed to have a strange consistency to them , even if the ingredients where what i generally liked . 
  the dim sum that i have had at home in chicago is somewhat better , but awful doughy . 
  all the pierogis that i have had at home and abroad have been delicious . 
  the ingredients are generally what i like and the consistency is more to my liking as well . 
  the `` boaty mcboatface '' thing was n't even funny the first time . 
  i have to disagree on that . 
  pierogies are incredible . 
  i 've never had dim sum that i really enjoyed . 
  moscow looks lovely right about now . 
  fuck this heat . 
  who said send them back to libya ? 
  send them back their home countries . 
  very few of these migrants are originally from libya . 
  however , if they get picked up by the libyan coast guard and sent back to libya , then that 's not really europes problem . 
  perhaps the migrants should have thought twice about trying to sneak into europe via a known war zone . 
  * these migrants are n't from libya originally so going there in the first place is just bad decision making on their part . 
  * maybe it will stop others from trying to do the same thing . 
  these places are n't war zones , just crappy countries to live in . 
  that by itself does n't warrant asylum . 
   what do you do when the majority of the country of origin do not recognize them as their citizens and do n't want them back ? 
  threaten them with sanctions and aid cutbacks . 
  stop issuing schengen visas to anyone from those countries . 
  really , it 's not that hard . 
  why does the eu allow itself to get bullied by 3rd world failed countries like this ? 
  ex italian pm enrico letta started it with mare nostrum in 2013 . 
  it supposedly `` ended '' a few years back , but even since then it has been business as usual . 
  it 's been going on a lot longer than 2 years . 
  stop importing migrants then . 
  italy is only hurting itself here . 
  the ngo boats should be sunk if they are interfering with the libyan coast guard by ramming their ships . 
  if someone is beating up gay couples they have already proven themselves unworthy of staying in europe . 
  why allow them to bog down the system because some activist lawyer thinks we should all be more `` understanding '' ? 
   as a migrant you lose any right to stay in germany when you are guilty of a crime that does n't mean anything if germany does n't force them out . 
  they just may decide to stay anyway . 
  europe needs to get tough on this stuff fast or things will end up really bad there . 
  i do n't see anything weird about this . 
  he lives with czech values . 
  he wants to keep the czech republic culturally czech . 
  there is nothing wrong with that . 
  * it 's not about race , * it is about keeping the * values * that europe built through the years and cherish . 
  the people who beat this couple up need to be deported immediately . 
  i do n't care where they are from . 
  no appeal , no second chances . 
  they are clearly not willing or able to live under german values . 
  germany does n't need people like this in their country . 
  he could have said this in 2014 . 
  he is finally making mention of it now because he is afraid this issue will lose the party the election . 
  i 'm not convinced he is serious about doing anything substantive about it . 
  you sure got downvoted for that , but you are absolutely right . 
  the current ruling party in italy has no real interest in shutting this all down . 
  this problem has been going on basically since the current government go in to power in 2013 . 
  they have had * years * to do * something * about this . 
  i can not believe matteo renzi is running for the prime minister spot again . 
  he wont stop this . 
  if his party keeps power in 2018 this migrant crisis will just continue with no end in sight . 
  renzi was prime minister for years and did ** nothing ** about this . 
  the guy is an absolute joke and so is his party . 
  time to revamp the echr for modern times . 
  those countries take aid from europe . 
  time to take it away if they do n't cooperate . 
  also stop issuing visas for nationals from any country that wont take their nationals back . 
  that seems like common sense . 
  yeah , the italian government is largely at fault for the situation it 's in . 
  i have been following this situation since 2013 . 
  the government has done absolutely nothing to stop the flow whatsoever . 
  this has been going on a lot longer than 2 years . 
  this stated in 2013 . 
  the italian government imported them in , its their problem . 
  i hope italy votes this party out of power in the next election , unless they * want * this problem to continue for another 5 years . 
  who cares ? 
  let the media think what they want .
