  this is really cool !, 
  well done !, 
  the ngos should be criminally charged with human trafficking . 
  it 's time to shut some of them down . 
  no , the pdi is determined to overrun italy with migrants . 
  this is n't germany 's or france 's fault . 
  the pdi and then-prime minister enrico letta started this migrant scheme in 2013 and italy has done nothing to stop it since . 
  italy 's migrant ferry service has created a tremendous pull factor that just enriches human traffickers and entices more people to go to libya to make the journey . 
  people have been warning about this since 2013 . 
   we would be sanctioned or bombed if we resisted . 
  we have no allies . 
  oh please , you know that wo n't happen . 
   people like me are getting angry good , get angry and vote out pdi in 2018 . 
  if pdi gets back into power you are just asking for another five years of this . 
  they wo n't do anything to end this crisis . 
  it 's been going on too long . 
  most of us get paid time off here . 
  it 's just not mandated by law . 
  all i can say is that i hope pdi gets thoroughly beaten in the next election . 
  they own this migrant problem . 
  voting them back in only ** ensures ** another five years of migrants streaming into the country . 
  how about ban the ngos from docking in italy and charging them with human trafficking . 
  not with * that * attitude . 
  find a safe non-european country to send them to . 
  anyone who tries to sneak into australia and claim asylum gets to asylum in papua new guinea . 
  europe should follow that lead . 
  save european asylum for people who follow the rules . 
  this is a brilliant idea . 
  house them at a few ngo headquarters too . 
  yeah , the naval mission did nothing but make it much worse . 
  they really have n't done much of anything to actually stem the flow . 
  the people in charge at the eu can not possibly be this stupid and incompetent . 
  colonization happened in most places around the world , and most of those places do n't have anywhere near the amount of problems africa has . 
  you ca n't just blame europe for africa 's problems , especially considering colonialism in africa largely ended half a century ago . 
  expel anyone who attempts these journeys in the future from * ever * coming to europe . 
  if they want asylum they can get it in a safe non-european country . 
  asylum should only be reserved for people who do it legally . 
  have their fingerprints and other things on record in case they do somehow sneak in . 
  a lot of these people are not in need of asylum , they are just economic migrants . 
  if they are sent to tunisia instead , more are less likely to make the journey and the central mediterranean route would slow to a trickle , since they will see that the route will get them nowhere . 
  these migrants do n't want to be in tunisia . 
  maybe they should n't have gone to libya in the first place . 
  that should n't be europes problem if they decided do go to a war zone on their own volition to sneak into europe and they get stuck in libya somehow . 
  maybe it will stop others from attempting the same thing . 
  there is a middle ground you know . 
  in many countries in africa still have a tfr at 4-5 children per woman . 
  while that is somewhat lower than before , it still needs to get a lot lower . 
  the continent is still expecting a population boom in the next century . 
  it is all unsustainable . 
  they have to turn them away . 
  europe ca n't take on 2-3 billion extra poor people . 
  african countries need to work on getting their population growth under control there , because * nobody * is going to take in their extra population . 
  oops do n't let merkel and company hear you say that . 
  one of the flights will be to chicago . 
  that is awesome !, 
  i can fly there nonstop now . 
  she handled the migrant crisis terribly , and scolded the counties who actually did something to stop it . 
  there are parts of nigeria that are n't in boko haram territory . 
  they can go there . 
  the czechs have the right solution there . 
  the eu did the right thing here . 
  italy has done nothing but exacerbate the problem since 2013 . 
  they have shown they are n't real serious about stopping this . 
  someone else said in the thread that italy needs to close their ports with a weeks warning . 
  anyone whom attempts the journey after that is on their own . 
  maybe italy can house these migrants at the amnesty international hq . 
  they seem to be so willing to `` tackle '' this problem . 
  they do n't have a functioning coast guard anymore . 
  it 's just a migrant transport service now . 
  they are n't `` guarding '' anything . 
  i do n't think it will either . 
  all of these `` conferences '' about the situation is just all talk . 
  i 'll believe about doing anything about this when i start seeing action . 
  please . 
  few people , if anyone , is being sent home . 
  i * wish * our heatwaves in chicago only topped out at 25c ( 77f ) . 
  i hate this whole damn season . 
  human trafficking . 
  human trafficking is a bad thing . 
  do what you had done from 2009 ( when the lawsuit happened ) to 2013 . 
  make the coast guard scarce outside italian territorial waters . 
  if migrants know they wont get picked up , most wo n't attempt the journey . 
  ever wonder why the migrant numbers skyrocketed in 2014 ? 
  in the mean time , do the australian solution for anyone who still attempts the journey . 
  if five stars can stop this nonsense once and for all , i hope they pull out a victory . 
  pdi sure is n't fit to lead . 
  well , italy decided in 2013 that ferrying hundreds of thousands of migrants per year to their shores was a good idea . 
  * nobody forced them to do this * , the italian government decided this on their own . 
  it created an enormous pull factor , and austria is n't having any of it . 
  good for austria . 
  i hope they stand strong on this . 
  italy got fined for sending them back to libya ( sweden initiated that lawsuit . 
  that country needs to mind its own damn business ) . 
  that has nothing to do with sending migrants to a safe third country or sending them back home if their home is deemed safe . 
  do n't get me stated on the colossal mistake it was to take out gadaffi . 
  the west has no business ousting leaders of sovereign nations that are of no threat to them . 
  this is why i 'm dead set against any western involvement in syria . 
  assad is a nasty guy for sure , but it is n't our place to get involved in that . 
  this is exactly how in describe it . 
  do what australia did with their boat people .
