  however , by the time of plc , there were no rus ' kings of rurik dynasty left of galician branch . 
  even the name of polish-lithuanian commonwealth implies what status had former rus ' under it 's rule . 
  i specifically noted the point about independent sovereign state of rus . 
  ok , first of all , what you call kievan rus ' did n't form in kiev ( also , it is worth noting that the term kievan rus ' itself is a modern invention , as the state itself was never called in this manner officially ) . 
  rurikids came from novgorod . 
  it is there where they started consolidating north-eastern slavic , varangian and non-slavic ( finno-ugric ) peoples into a single entity . 
  then , as they moved south , they claimed kiev and surrounding polans ( polyane , eastern polans , not to be confused with the lechite western polans ) , which at the time were paying tributes to khazars . 
  with it comes the second point : while part about crucial role of the dnieper is true , it is only part of the truth . 
  core of trade was the entire route `` from the varangians to the greeks '' ( so , you are very conveniently leaving out the other crucial part , which was novgorod ) . 
  also , statement about volga is also quite misleading on many levels , including that it was already an important trade route for rus ' , just serving the other objectives . 
  saying that it was a core of russia 's development ( in your interpretation of russia , starting with muscovy ) is a definite exaggeration . 
  one more thing , the princes of moscow maybe were n't the only contenders for the title `` tsar of all rus ' '' , but they were the ones who succeeded in forming an independent sovereign state which consolidated much of the former rus ' lands . 
  one more thing , can you tell me why are you polish people so hell-bent on trying to dispute our national identity ? 
  your canada example is ridiculous as well . 
  however , if england would have been conquered or split , and all the british on the isles would have assumed some other national identity , and a number of other circumstances appear , then yes , there could be a scenario where canada would claim to be the main successor of england . 
  again , this is absurd , but only as much as your comparison . 
  one can argue that he could be part of community that was n't norse genetically but adopted the norse cultural identity , including language . 
  why not ? 
   later , however , it was discovered that the n1c1 rurikid princes belong to the so-called `` varangian branch '' in this haplogroup . 
  this branch is one that is quite different from the present population of finland ( which is the `` finno-karelian branch '' ) a ) not rurik himself but most of the living rurikids b ) as an article says , it is a finno-ugric branch that is separate from the main finn branch . 
  so , not strictly a finn , really . 
  c ) however , i do n't find it surprising that varangians/rus ' could be of finno-ugric ancestry . 
  it is quite natural idea , really . 
  also , i do n't find it to be a good ground for any kind of cultural/political statements . 
  would be if it was about estonia ... 
  yep , that 's what i 'm speaking about . 
  it 's not the only time i see this absurd notion , i 've seen freaks with icons of stalin , and they pop up from time to time . 
  but they are a marginal group , for it requires to reconcile so many contradictions in their head , for their idea of great russia , i can only give two variants , either they 're not honestly caring about anything except pushing their agenda ( which is very reminiscent of the post-truth concept ) , believing that post-modern world has no place for such measly concerns , or are absolutely `` not in touch with reality '' ( or both ) . 
  not in russia , though . 
  i think points/percentages for each post would be nice in the list ( at least , approximate , due to volatility ) . 
  that way , approximate impact/controversy characteristics could be estimated . 
  add deus vult in relation to constantinopolis too, 
  hah , that 's the kind of * popularity * i 'd be glad to trade for relative silence most of the times . 
  also , i actually expected russia to be higher for that reason . 
  probably there 's some kind of bias for that . 
  why only rome , though ? 
  there must be a vicinity around rome for which vatican is the closest foreign neighbor . 
  same goes for san marino , monaco and other micro states . 
  the people 's hands out of the water should have been drawn like terminator 's thumb up . 
  of course not . 
  but question is who 'll get the most power in the us , which means much more consequences in the world . 
  sadly the most viable movement of that kind is movement outside the borders of the russian federation . 
  and i really fear the possibility of even that kind of movement taken away . 
  i by no means condone the behavior of zvezda and find this publication outrageous . 
  but do n't you think that the fact that this was an * [ op-ed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/op-ed ) by a fringe history books author * is worth mentioning ? 
  this . 
  to clarify it a bit , it 's not just any hardcore commie-imperialist type of total lunatic . 
  it 's a person who calls stalin ** `` a future saint of russian orthodox church '' ** [ [ here , enjoy ] ( http://tavrinfo.net/news/leonid-maslovskiy-o-reabilitacii-iosifa-vissarionovicha-dzhugashvilistalina ) ] , calling for his complete and total rehabilitation . 
  that 's a level of craziness that even most of the conservative brainwashed russians would find over the top . 
  if you 're skilled enough , perhaps . 
  low-level aikido is pretty useless in a street fight , i believe . 
  next ? 
  i thought this guy is already as good as one , judging by how much respect the nominal one gets from all sides . 
  it does n't matter after some threshold , no matter how evil were the other ones , calling him an angel is an insult to this word . 
  i never got it as well , but [ this ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/6hsm5f/whats_the_strangest_fact_you_know_about_your/dj0u4xb/ ) . 
  nerdpunkfu is estonian , so they should know better . 
  we 're ok with having 5 toes , thank you, 
  yep , but you did n't submit the link to the article as the submission but a single chart from it , just gave the article as a context . 
  so , this rule should not be invoked . 
  instead , as you what you made a submission was made by statista charts ( [ this one ] ( https://www.statista.com/chart/10157/canada-seen-as-the-most-positive-influence-globally/ ) ) it should have been named * `` canada seen as the most positive influence globally '' * , but even then , if you made it a standalone pic , and not a link to an article , you could have named it yourself still . 
  this is the way i see it at least . 
  maybe someone from the mod team ( u/greekball ? ), 
  could clear it up ? 
  why not ? 
  is it against the rules ? 
  i personally find it interesting enough for the sub , as the gaulish language is not a subject i would study specifically myself , but 4 minutes of listening to a song in it ( even if not super accurate ) is a pretty neat experience . 
  the same report by levada shows that attitude towards the atheists is predominately positive/friendly , and i believe is accurate . 
  it 's only a very vocal anti-religious position that could make some trouble ( but even then , not much ) . 
  so safety is n't a concern for atheists in russia , as far as i know . 
  as for career , i believe religious stance might be more important in politics , public services and other such career paths that favor conformism and conservatism . 
  btw , guys , do you have orchestras in finland ? 
  so many questions about this !, 
  what kind of miraculous force keeps those together ? 
  also , how much energy is released when a finnish orchestra splits up ? 
  is a chain reaction possible ? 
  no fly over snek , in this case, 
  well , first of all , i just posted author 's ( jakub marian 's ) note on the article 's naming , when he addressed the similar discontent in the comment section on his site . 
  because , well , it 's him who named the original map , so his answer is the one relevant . 
  second , i 'm not sure how i personally feel about it . 
  i 'd say the point of view that is advocated by you is needlessly pedantic . 
  anyone looking at the statistical map needs to check the units first , it 's a * must-do * for each one of them . 
  if one does that , i ca n't see how a normal person could be misled by the naming of title , to be honest . 
  thing is , there 's a whole class of statistical figures that is related to dividing the absolute number by some population . 
  people are used to call it `` per capita '' , and to throw out a good , concise term just because in a used scale of units it does n't follow strict etymological meaning , it just seems impractical to me . 
  welp , there 's a little problem with `` per capita '' part ... 
  yep , even in absolute numbers . 
  according to encyclopedia metallum , finland has 3607 , while russia is at 3547 . 
  so , they beat us by 60 bands as of now . 
  however , using these numbers ( just as jakubmarian did ) is a bit inaccurate , as it counts all the metal bands ever created , so most of these are inactive/split-up ( moreover , every band name used is an entry , so if a band changed its name , it gets more than one entry ) . 
   and regarding the controversy surrounding the term per capita that sprang up in the comments : it is customary to use the label `` per capita '' in the titles of statistical studies in which a total ( such as the number of metal bands ) is divided by population size , even if the units used within the article itself are different ( for instance , the entire english wikipedia follows this approach ) . 
  actually , current number would be around 650 already . 
  it 's gone in !!, 
  they should relocate to [ fucking , austria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fucking,_austria ) !, 
  same !, 
  no , really , i wanted to post exactly the same comment until i saw yours . 
  yes , but we 're not speaking of lithuania , vilnius or kaunas . 
  however , you 're kinda right that there are many of those buildings left , but that does n't mean we should n't care about them . 
  plus , one such `` renovation '' in a place full with old buildings ruins the whole surroundings , and is an eyesore . 
  i love how xix-century old towns feel and look . 
  and when such a monster appears amidst the old buildings , it kinda hurts my feelings .
