  there are 364 days when we can be reminded of atrocities of both sides and that the reds were as bad as nazis and maybe even worse , maybe one day of temporary cease-fire would n't be bad , do n't you think ? 
  not only chanting praises , that would be fake af . 
  but simply commemorate the dead , not all 20 millions of which were the bad guys ? 
  i think you meant this one : https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/69lyug/stephen_fry_faces_blasphemy_probe_after_god/, 
  i 've come to imdb to help you out and look for a good quote . 
  needless to say , i failed miserably . 
  i mean , just look at [ that ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099739/quotes ) , for example . 
  that 's so bad it 's hilarious . 
  welp , alice titko ( yes , the obvious puns are relevant in russian as well , maybe even more so ) is obviously a joke of a journalist . 
  also , kp is the lowest grade tabloid ( great sales , but their reputation is nonexistent ) . 
  they only enjoy a scandal if they get into one . 
  however , shortly after that rogozin was appointed russia 's ambassador to nato , where he served until 2011 . 
  after that on 23 december 2011 , rogozin was appointed as deputy prime minister , in charge of defense and space industry . 
  i bet quite a number of politicians would love to be `` brushed off '' like that . 
  i also loved that [ ad of rodina ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcxnuagdpw8 ) from 2005 with rogozin and motto `` let 's rid moscow of trash '' ... 
  that attitude is slowly getting to me . 
  i 'll soon start my collection of `` nobodies '' in news about russia . 
  we are apparently the land of 140 mln nobodies . 
  only you-know-who is not a nobody it seems . 
  even if he can be called a nationalist ( quite a stretch , but i can see where the concerns are coming from ) , in terms of conservatism/reactionaryism - totally not a right wing . 
  also , right-left division is always a mess for modern russia . 
  see sps-soyuz pravikh sil ( union of right forces ) , for example . 
  aids became widely reported in the west in early 1980 , for that time soviet medicine officials regarded that disease as one `` spread in the west among the homosexuals , prostitutes and drug addicts '' , therefore not a threat to the soviet union . 
  however , in 1985/86 first case of a foreigner with aids was reported . 
  then , in 1987 first case of a soviet citizen with aids was registered . 
  oh ok , that 's just the first time i 've heard about it . 
  but yes , main poll agencies for russia are vtsiom and levada center . 
  personally , i wonder how representative is their sample . 
  when you 're asking few thousands of citizens ( iirc , statistically 1000-10000 respondents is enough to cover population of 140 mln ) , it 's crucial to ensure you choose them correctly . 
  ca n't find any references of it there , but why exactly is that relevant ? 
  it made an impression of very america-centered website to me . 
  even when i search for `` russia '' there , most i get is still about trump . 
  vtsiom is big but not really independent . 
  so , despite what irimiash said , i 'd take their reports with a grain of salt ( however , not as an outright lie , but somehow skewed maybe ) . 
  i 'm not sure they can recall more than few points from her program ( anti-eu , pro-russia , anti-immigration ) . 
  i 've just read about that even before your answer , that was the closest i could get . 
  however , the problem there was mostly that they collaborated with the western science too much , not that they worked on cancer research itself . 
  i can find a lot of information that cancer treatment in ussr was really inadequate , but i ca n't find any info that it was proclaimed `` a disease of the rotten west '' ( unlike for example , aids ) . 
  could you please provide any references or at least tell what period are you speaking about ? 
  but you are one if you tell everyone you meet that they ca n't be your friends because they 're not worthy . 
   sometimes that eagle has 2 freaking heads well , [ double-headed eagle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/double-headed_eagle ) was quite a common motive for heraldry across europe and even outside of it . 
  oh , i have no doubts that the polish people back then had as much for motivation as the communist ideology could offer . 
  personally , i think it 's one of the greatest flaws of it -- total disregard for human psyche . 
  still polish , though . 
  but hell , she was nearly half a century old . 
  nah , not recently , built 1970 , stocznia polnocna , gdansk . 
  https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/67wrrb/russian_opposition_leader_alexei_navalny/dgude98/ for example . 
  far from `` every thread '' about navalny , but it 's quite obvious that this kind of lines are reused often . 
  i wonder what reaction you 'd get if you tried to speak polish in moscow airport . 
  probably that would come as quite a surprize for them . 
  and that 's how the guy failed his disguise  no , really , i have n't ever met a russian who 'd show such an interest in nk culture . 
  `` our national interests '' is a good starting point . 
  as if those folks really care about our nation . 
  i wonder if they can describe those interests without saying geopolitics a hundred times and without resorting to logical tautology . 
  so , how are our geopolitical interests doing , your excellency ? 
  may i ask you to explain to the lowly pleb , how alienating half of the world done us good ? 
  or we just have to wait few more years until the western world falls to feel the results ? 
  and when were nato sincere about russia 's prospects as a possible member ? 
  as for nato i ca n't even talk about sincerity , as i ca n't find any statements that would confirm that russia joining nato was even on the table as a serious possibility . 
  there is none . 
  the best i can see is radoslav sikorski 's hypothesizing on it , but even then it was not a statement of nato official but rather of foreign minister of poland talking on some academic symposium in poland . 
   russia could join nato . 
  i for one would welcome it with open arms well , there 's a little problem . 
  i do n't think it 's up to me or you to welcome it ( unless , you 're speaking as a representative of nato 's command , which i find unlikely ) . 
  i wonder how slovakia feels about it ... 
  might be so . 
  while i believe i was n't going for the forest in the first place . 
  just did n't like that particular tree, 
  do you even know what was the burning of moscow for napoleon 's russian campaign ? 
  we 'd only laugh if such reenactment would happen , with * glorious * french army trapped in the burning city , not getting even close to the capitulation of russia they were hoping for . 
  without supplies or battle glory , fleeing , marauding , stripped of decency or discipline . 
  seriously , as much as i do n't support that reenactment of reichstag capture , your idea is ridiculous, 
   muscovites give zero fucks about everything outside of the moscow ring road triggered ( am muscovite ) many of us care for what happens in russia , quite deeply so . 
  in fact many of muscovites would prefer that migration to moscow stopped , and for that development of the regions is absolutely necessary , also we are n't really comfortable with the thought that most of the country hates our guts . 
  but most of us have as many levers to change the system as any other ordinary russian . 
  however , of course i can recognize that our standards of living are much higher and that has everything to do with not really fair cash flow . 
  well , [ here ] ( http://www.interfax.ru/moscow/538890 ) 's mayor sobyanin of moscow , telling us that apparently the measures taken are n't good enough . 
  his words 40 % of migrants are working illegally . 
  he 's telling us that workers from eaeu ( kyrgyzstan , mentioned by you , especially ) remain a major problem and security threat . 
  so , maybe the measures you 've mentioned are n't that effective ? 
  i 'd say , about 70-80 % for me but that can differ with how good a person is with foreign languages and by training one 's ear . 
  just for the sake of experiment i am listening to a mix of ukrainian songs right now , and can say sometimes i can understand up to 95 % and few seconds after i can lose it completely . 
  not necessarily , rightclick -  translate to english does the trick as well, 
  so , if we ca n't solve the problem completely , we should n't do anything about it ? 
  genius , if kazakhs and kyrgyz have every right to work in russia , then maybe they are n't illegal migrants , or maybe they have * limited * rights to work in russia ? 
  and what about uzbekistan and tajikistan , last time i checked it was n't eaeu . 
  come on , you know it 's all a mess and a big problem , and you do n't need to be a nationalist to acknowledge it . 
  yeah , he 's definitely quite a controversial national leader . 
  you ca n't call a man a hero when there 's still a discussion if he 's done the country more good than bad . 
  among the most influential , but not a fucking chance i 'd call him a hero . 
  i can accept he 'd done some good things too , but seeing someone calling him a hero of russia makes my blood boil with anger . 
  hey , do n't you get any funny ideas !, 
  i get what you mean , really . 
  but as you said , when there 's no private property involved , it all gets much easier . 
  also , yes , first one looks bit nicer , but the old balconies and windows if you zoom up still look ugly even if it 's a different kind of ugliness . 
  also , i bet they 're drafty as hell, 
  i believe that on paper we have that kind of regulations as well , but the enforcement is pretty weak , and at that stage , too complicated . 
  also , sometimes they were turned into something even not completely ugly . 
  for example , [ here ] ( http://realty.rbc.ru/news/58f0b9b99a7947c809da4ea3 ) 's a review of some nicer renovated flats for sale . 
  oh yeah , the pvc windows are the main problem , and the old balconies look so nice , neat and beautiful even on the * okay-ish ones * . ^ / s what 's dead may never die .
