  to their defence , problem of immigrants/refugees is n't as polarizing in russia , so they were n't trying to push the bias originally , i believe . 
  also , the format itself ( twenty minutes for a lifetime of a great civilization ) is bound to produce some inaccuracies/incompleteness of the narrative . 
  russian-language video on rome from arzamas was published on march 29 . 
  english-language video by meta intent ( which u/7456396541 linked ) on may 26 , and then arzamas published english-language video on may 30 . 
  it looks like someone decided that arzamas wo n't publish the translated version and decided to rip it off , and managed to do it before arzamas published their english version . 
  anyway , i intend to contact them and ask what they think about it . 
  you must have confused me with the other guy , geography was n't my point but shared history , and i disagreed on your point about indirect interaction through byzantine with europe too . 
  obviously it were points about civilisational issues , not geographical ones . 
  may i ask you a bunch of questions that might shed a light on our different approaches to the question ? 
  would you say byzantine empire itself was a european country ? 
  when did poland become a european country ? 
  when did sweden become a european country ? 
  when did bulgaria become a european country ? 
  what kind of countries were they before they became european ? 
  what was europe before the mongols ? 
   you should give her ... a beard ... 
  so , conchita the grey ? 
  first , rainbow , now this ... 
  also , there 's a very questionable narrative , however mentioned in the primary chronicle of rus ' ( ca . 
  xii century ) , that all slavs ' predecessors were [ norici ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/noricum ) , which are today believed to be a celtic tribe that lived somewhere around the today 's austria . 
  while it might have been the author 's hypothesis or some hypothesis borrowed for example from the byzantine scholars , and was probably groundless , but the connection is still there . 
  primary chronicle states there was a settlement of eastern polyane tribes there already by the time the varangians came and claimed it . 
  austria-hungary at the height of it controlled quite a lot of slavic-inhabited territories . 
  that might have something to do with it . 
  if not specified - then it should read as every demand . 
  if they had suspicions that the person addressing them is not a citizen , they could ask to provide the id . 
  i believe she 's not mother in legal sense , probably in civil relationship with boy 's father . 
  if that 's the case , she probably could n't name herself as such to the police , as she feared by law her status is nil ( just another citizen ) , i guess . 
  therefore in civil sense , she 's equal to mother-in-law , but not legally ( that 's my suspicion , however , the kid 's father states she 's his wife ) . 
  do you have any proof there was a bag for money collection , or just words of the police officers ? 
  that is , before detaining someone , they must give all necessary information about themselves , reason for detaining , notify of person 's right to contact relatives about the fact of detaining and other stated rights , etc. 
  also , is begging a criminal or civil offence ? 
  while i recognize his comment as offensive , the language you used disgusts me . 
  we 're not on pikabu , keep it civil , please, 
  i 'd say you 're fitting the concept of the european country to your agenda . 
  you said european country , now it seems that you readjust this term to include only westernized countries with roman empire ( not mentioning that the roman empire is not really relevant to the time frame of ix-xiii centuries , or you 're going to further narrow it down to the holy roman empire ? ), 
  influence . 
  where did that criterion come from , aside from huntington ( not even a culturologist or a historian ; a modern political scientist , whose views are far from being universally accepted ) ? 
  the greeks were there earlier !, 
  i stand corrected , thanks . 
  however , nothing there says it took place in solun :  and it came to pass in those days that the slavic prince rostislav together with svatopluk sent emissaries from moravia to emperor michael , saying thus : `` we have prospered through god 's grace , and many christian teachers have come to us from among the italians , greeks and germans , teaching us in various ways . 
  but we slavs are a simple people , and have no one to instruct us in the truth , and explain wisely . 
  therefore , o kind lord , send the type of man who will direct us to the whole truth . '', 
  then emperor michael said to constantine the philosopher [ aka cyril ] : `` do you hear this matter , philosopher ? 
  none other than you can do this . 
  here then are many gifts . 
  take your brother , the hegumen methodius , and go . 
  for you are both thessalonians [ solunians ] and all thessalonians speak pure slavic . '' then they dared not refuse god or the emperor , following the words of the holy apostle peter , who said : `` fear god . 
  honor the king . '' having eagerly listened to the matter , they began to pray with those who were of the same spirit as they . 
  and then god revealed the slavic script to the philosopher . 
  and immediately after forming an alphabet and composing the text , he set out for moravia , taking methodius along . 
  once again he began to serve the philosopher in humble obedience , and to teach with him . 
  and when three years had passed , both returned from moravia , having trained disciples . 
  if god revealed the script to constantine/cyril immediately after the emperor gave him this mission , then it had to take place in constantinople , where constantine was based , do n't you think ? 
  would n't say glagolitic came from solun , rather cyril and methodius themselves , as cyril 's mission to create a slavic alphabet was bound for great moravia , afaik . 
  sorry , what ? 
  before mongols , rus ' was interacting actively with the norsemen ( basically , the ruling rurikid dynasty was most probably of scandinavian origins ) , poland ( was mediator or a party in many internal rus ' conflicts ) , bulgaria , and yes byzantine . 
  anne of kiev , daughter of yaroslav the wise , great prince of novgorod and kiev , and ingegerd ( irina ) olafsdotter of sweden was queen-consort of henry i of france , and it 's just one example of dynastic ties between rus and other european countries . 
  rus ' was a major part of the main trade route from baltics to the byzantine ( that alone means interaction was far from indirect ) . 
  really , thanks , saints cyril ( constantine ) and methodius , their disciples who continued and perfected their work , byzantine empire , moravia ( for asking cyril to come and create slavic alphabet , even while glagolitsa was weird and not really practical ) , the last but not the least , bulgaria ( for making the schools of cyril and methodius continue their work on the slavic alphabet which resulted in cyrillic ) . 
  and congratulations to the bulgarians on their culture day !, 
  point to those polls and studies first , then we can try to discuss what moved them . 
  otherwise , the most quoted rating for those matters , made by the freedom house , has been consistently putting russia to the not free category ( read : a dictatorship ) for years , giving us a wee bit better marks in few sub-categories ( namely : electoral process , functioning of government , associational and organizational rights ) , however , overall putting us quite closely . 
  also , greek fire and wildfire ( green fire that was used against ships ), 
  now that 's quite a stretch , honestly . 
  also , i never said anything about majority or most russians in this sub , never implied it too . 
  i do n't think our countrymates are stupid , i might disagree with some of them , strongly in some cases , but i 'd seriously advise against such generalizations . 
  while i do n't see what 's wrong with apologizing when apology is due . 
  what exactly is a myth ? 
  that they are n't being friendly ? 
  i just scanned a number of russian news outlets , including the most pro-russian , pro-patriotic , like rg.ru , ria.ru , life.ru , izvestia.ru and so on , and so forth . 
  did n't find much of the good news either . 
  most of them are busy shitting on the west . 
  of course , there is relatively free media , that is n't bashing the west . 
  but there are n't good news about russia as well , and generally i believe they would deserve the same characteristic as the western media . 
  not under a literal occupation , but about a half of campaign was revolving about yanukovich being a russian puppet and getting ukraine out of russia 's sphere of influence . 
  i 'm not saying that to diminish maidan or baltic way . 
  but just saying our country has specifics both due to the size/population distribution , and to the structure of protest itself . 
  however , you are right , protests were n't massive enough to matter ( even the largest ones ) . 
  and yes , democratic liberal russians are a political minority . 
  ironically , you used one of the points used to demoralize opposition , and maybe one of the most successful . 
  i just ca n't understand , what do you expect from people like leemylammy , do you really think that the political minority is as responsible for the deeds of the political majority ? 
  well , sucks to be us , that 's for sure , but we sha n't be as thin-skinned as to be offended by a mere squinting fry joke, 
   why more people are not going to the protests ? 
  in 1989 we had baltic way ... 
  i believe , people are generally more politically active when it comes to their nation 's independence than when it comes to the higher substances of their political freedom . 
  while i might accept that 2017 protests were far from formidable , i do n't believe it 's an honest comparison , really . 
  well , we have a very limited presence here , on reddit and on r/europe . 
  and let 's be frank , we can all name a number of very active users with ru-flair that are far from being friendly to europe and/or ukraine ( and as such , would probably deserve that kind of reaction ) . 
  so , nicole merely pointed out that lammy is definitely not one of them , i would n't take it as an offence to russians in general . 
  you can squint all you like , i 'm with lammy on that and congratulate the ukrainians on these great news . 
  why should i not ? 
  and then again , maybe you could put up for one single day with that ? 
  turning the discussion into what this post has become does not help with those brainwashed young people , it helps them to feel angry and surrounded with enemies that will hate them unconditionally . 
  and for those that wish for free , progressive and friendly with the west russia it just feels demoralizing in our fight with inner demons . 
  ok , maybe . 
  but it 's not only the dictatorship but our people as well . 
  and for people like me , who hate communism , it 's victory * despite the murderous regime * . 
  just do n't give credit to stalin for this victory , his decisions nearly put us on the verge of defeat maybe . 
  maybe because that 's a holiday , a remembrance day and a celebration of the best part of it ?
