  they looked like shit with or without the pvc windows . 
  i agree though , that a more standardized , collective approach to renovation would be much better . 
  but you know it as well as i do , how freaking near impossible it is to convince all the neighbors to take a collective action and deal with your municipal authorities in that case . 
  just in case , term * brutalism * is n't originally about being brutal , it comes from * b\u00e9ton brut * , raw concrete . 
  yeah , there were many ideologies that led to the same or worse results . 
  in fact , two of them have much to tell about how to ruin things . 
  what about salmiakki ? 
  i think it needs some too !, 
  yeah ... probably my faith in humanity ... 
  i 've seen it a few times and i still have no clue what 's going on , tbh . 
  seriously the meat looks delicious , but that salt finishing move looks so pretentious . 
  oh , i see the ocean of ~ ~ dreams ~ ~ nightmares is increasing in size rapidly !, 
  see you at the bottom , folks !, 
  what 's so bad about implied palatalization ? 
  it 's a very natural concept for our language ( not as a foreign language , but for the native speakers ) . 
  it maybe our undoing , but we 're pretty fine with our current system , and i ca n't imagine we 'd switch it for diacritics based system . 
  genuine question , not trying to troll , but what do you think about azerbaijan ? 
  would you say something like that happened with them , when they switched to latin ? 
   it should be `` jeto '' u wot m8 ? 
  since when do we pronounce * \u044d\u0442\u043e * as jeto ? 
  i 'm starting to doubt your russianness , tbh, 
  your comrades in misfortune ? 
  i do n't like r/prequelmemes . 
  it 's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere . 
  just kidding , who does n't like prequelmemes, 
  no , we 're all past that stage . 
  no more soviets , no more communism , no more ideology !, 
  pure plundering , pillaging and destruction !, 
  in free time practicing unspeakably terrible rituals of orthodox pantheon of great old ones and outer gods, 
  i apologize , til that ukrainian does n't have vowel reduction . 
   -- what makes you think she is a witch ? 
   -- well , she turned me into a newt !, 
  damn , i love [ monty ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzyo0joolr0 ), 
  you guys better make sure your flood control works ... 
  russia , ukraine and ebu are just playing the hot potato game with responsibility for decision . 
  everybody understands that russia participating in ukraine is nothing but problem . 
  let 's get over this and enjoy the show . 
  hah , jokes on you people who think that russia here is only in two little pieces !, 
  deep under the waters of the ocean of dreams ( later renamed to ocean of nightmares ) lies the new underwater russian empire with capital new r'lyeh , bringing terror to all coasts !, 
  rus ' or in modern historiography terms [ kievan rus ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kievan_rus%27 ), 
  yes , in russian * slava * is glory as well , the part in question is * robo * , which has connections with words for slave , niewolnik . 
  would you call your son niewoles\u0142aw ? 
  baltic and black , that 's something i can recognize , but mediterranean ? 
  but with russia eliminated , ukraine would have nothing that would stop it from adopting its historical name , do n't you think ? 
  actually , this one set the bar quite high, 
  except that it would sound like raboslav , and even translate that way to south slavic or old church slavonic ( see insult from rogneda to vladimir , robichich ) . 
  `` slave glory '' ... mate , now that we 're in the same country ( judging by that map ) , could you at least not bring us shame , please ? 
  thanks !, 
  i like it a lot !, 
  maybe `` morning ... '' is not the most famous abroad , but it sure is really dear to us ( me at least , and at least i 'm sure more russians would recognize the painting and remember the author ), 
  well , this is complicated , really . 
  yes , he was born in ukraine , and yes he loved the place where he was born and grew up . 
  however , it 's hard to call him ukrainian , in my opinion . 
  if you read his memoirs , he describes himself and people from chuguyev as [ military settlers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_settlement ) , marking specially that those are not to be called cossacks . 
  he also marked distinction between the settlers and the people from villages around it , calling them malorossian ( russian term of that time for the ukrainians , `` people of russia minor '' ) . 
   around the city there were several rich and beautiful villages of malorossians - na\u00efve , good-natured , poetical people , that love to live in wealth , in flowers , under the cherry orchards . 
  chyguyevans despised them : `` hohol , damned mazets [ another derogatory term , probably equating them to mazovians , i.e. 
  poles ] '' even not treating them as humans . 
  as for the word ` zemlyak ' , that was translated as compatriot , in russian the word is more related to the region , not the country ( for example people from same city , or same region would recognize each other as zemlyak ) . 
  thanks , you 're right , of course . 
  brainfart on my side . 
  corrected it . 
  question for u/halfabluesky russia : golden autumn . 
  op , why this one was chosen , may i ask ? 
  do n't get me wrong it 's quite nice , and levitan was a good landscape painter , but the painting itself is far from famous . 
  if you decided to put repin for ukraine because he was born there , why do you put for russia levitan who was born in poland ? 
  you could have chosen `` the ninth wave '' ( probably one of the most famous of our paintings ) , or `` morning in the pine forest '' , or one of dozens of other paintings that would still be more famous . 
  why this one ? 
  also , there are two versions of the painting , st petersburg and kharkiv . 
  this one is st petersburg . 
  op could at least choose the kharkiv one . 
  in sports you can spend tons of money ( turning a blind eye to the way they 've been spent ) and in the end you 'll still get result : getting a number of buildings ready is just a matter of time and money . 
  scientists however are a tricky crowd , they usually dont like the shady deals , they require good management , even dare to speak up sometimes . 
  totally impractical bunch many of them . 
  ps : but what 's even worse , they wo n't guarantee you any results . 
  if your scientific campaign fails because of bad management , you cant just give them few billions of roubles to finish anyway . 
  or do n't care enough, 
   however , she got it mixed up with `` nasrat '' and toasted with that that 's awesome , heh . 
  that sounds like extreme fatalism to me, 
  was the wording ambiguous on purpose ? 
  i would n't call it exactly * iconic * , given that it likens moscow to an old fat whore . 
  i can forgive rammstein to some extent give that their whole music revolves around controversy and breaking taboos . 
  but i honestly hate that song . 
  commies and freaks aside , do you now why people even bother taking russian classes ? 
   and japanese classes have weeaboos well , to equate all the weeaboos to totalitarianism fans is a bit extreme do n't you think . 
  i mean , some of them might condone japanese imperialism or nationalism as well , but not all of them . 
  or am i misunderstanding the weeaboo term ? 
  average person in my country ? 
  either believe he 's naive , or suspect them of being a spy , i guess  jk . 
  but we 'd be pretty surprised , and would like to hear the story , why did the person choose it . 
  i 'd doubt his motives , honestly . 
  i would n't be too pleased to know he was a far-right or far-left freak he bought into some propaganda . 
  and about the other aspect i mentioned , a certain distrust is still ingrained in our culture i guess . 
  but if i see a genuine interest , and a sober outlook on russia , why not . 
  hey !, 
  that was my line !, 
  having to live without hot water for a week or two in the summer . 
  long story short , that just means that at the time , american economy does n't need that many people speaking foreign languages . 
   learning a 3rd language in school is often a waste of time imo , people rarely learn the language to a good enough level that they will be able to speak it once they 're done in school . 
  well , as much as people that have learned physics at school realize that they are getting a couple levels of magnitude more knowledge in it in the university when they pick that kind of degree .
