  lessons in school are more setting up a mindset for more serious studies in case one takes them up . 
  many good reasons already given here . 
  i 'd give one extra which i can come up with . 
  school subjects are not only there to provide people with basic knowledge , supposedly helpful in their lives . 
  one more thing is they are preparing kids to pick a future specialization to get education in , or at least provide some skills and knowledge for them if they 're going to choose it afterwards . 
  just as some kids realize they want to get a degree in science because they 're good at it , some people discover a taste for language studies and therefore , related career paths . 
  countries of europe have a certain demand for those , and i guess it 's greater than that of the us , that 's why you are n't getting as much foreign language education . 
  yeah , i understand that , that was mostly like kind of a reminder . 
  anyway , i would n't call us completely devoid of materialism , that 's for sure . 
  just like , not the champions of it . 
  my thought is that i 'm not surprised to hear that from a chinese nationalist . 
  and yeah , i do n't think they would consider your japan analogy valid , just because it 's not unity that is crucial for them but unity under `` heavenly '' order , which of course for them is only chinese in asia . 
  i might be a bit prejudiced against the chinese , but i still think that chinese mental processes are pretty different both from common european or russian ones . 
  i guess mm 's pr team worked hard to disseminate those rumors throughout the world , right ? 
   preoccupation with or emphasis on material objects , comforts , and considerations , with a disinterest in or rejection of spiritual , intellectual , or cultural values . 
  also , i 'm not sure by your definition russians as a whole are that materialistic . 
  sure we have these types as well , and sure those are the ones that make way to the west quite often , but we there 's much more to us . 
  a whole lot of us would live in what a westerner would call a shithole just because of some stupid principles or abstract beliefs . 
  a ton of russians are working low-paid jobs ( including the ones that are of higher status globally ) because government is eager to exploit their sense of duty . 
  those dirt-poor university professors , teachers , med workers , who 'd do much better financially if they 'd go to private sector and/or switch careers , but who instead stick to their `` noble causes '' ( not saying that 's true for every one of them , of course ) . 
  i 'm a bit divided on that , because existence of janteloven means that you ca n't act materialistic essentially even if you are one ( because of massive negative attitude you 'd get from the society ) . 
  also , does n't that mean you actually put material values quite high ( `` it does n't matter if the guy is good or not , i 'll hate him because he dares to show off his ferrari '' ) ? 
  from [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_materialism ) :  ** materialism as a personality trait **  russell w. belk conceptualizes materialism to include three original personality traits . 
   * nongenerosity -- an unwillingness to give or share possession with others . 
   * envy -- desire for other people 's possessions . 
   * possessiveness -- concern about loss of possessions and a desire for the greater control of ownership . 
  english ( mostly throughout the school ) and german ( second foreign in the last grades , 8-11 , 4 years ) . 
  plus a class of introduction to latin in the 5th grade , lol . 
  second foreign was compulsory as such , but what language to choose ( german , french or italian ) was decided through partitioning the class into groups . 
  one would state their preferences , but that did n't guarantee the result in the end , because the groups had to be approximately the same size . 
  quality of teaching was pretty good , i guess , but the second foreign classes had much less hours per week , so the progress was somewhat slow . 
  of course , since i was n't exposed to german after the school , it deteriorated by now . 
  but some remnants here and there i can remember . 
  latin language intro was somewhat experimental , i guess . 
  first , we were too young for something serious , second , again it was low-priority , so not much time was spent . 
  but we 've learned a number of * sententiae * , still can remember some of them . 
  hmm , that 's an interesting legend , while of course absolutely not true . 
  i mean there 's no way it could have been true , as it is absolutely not possible . 
  not a single element in tetris could serve that purpose , for sure !, 
  anyway , just listen to this [ great russian music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmccqxvbfym ) to remind you of all the joy of playing the wonderful game of tetris ( totally not meant to influence your mind ) !, 
  why would we ? 
  yes , we have our own opinions on the american leaders , on european leaders , on asian leaders even . 
  pretty lot of them . 
  if we 'd started to discuss all of them in detail , this sub would get as toxic as it could get . 
  i 'd vote for less posts like that , to be honest . 
  and if you do , do n't act all that indignant at the more extreme points of view , you called for it yourself . 
  so , did i understand it correctly , you came to askeurope asking about one of your presidents looking for validation and praise for him as some sort of heroic figure ? 
  that 's a bit pathetic , actually, 
  10km is quite a lot , actually . 
  so , in country , yes of course , it 's russia after all . 
  but in moscow region , a few kilometers distance maximum , i guess , judging by wikimapia . 
  caught yer attention , amerikansky shpion ? 
  but sorry to disappoint you , really , it 's kind of misnomer on my side . 
  not professional slang , just a nonstandard form, 
  i 'd say it 's pretty close to what op asked , no ? 
  also , what about the ~ ~ `` professional slang '' ~ ~ forms of plurals , like \u0434\u043e\u0433\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0440\u0430 , \u043a\u043e\u043c\u043f\u0440\u0435\u0441\u0441\u043e\u0440\u0430 ? 
  of course not , but a ) figures with 4 million patients in 7 clinics , b ) notion that in normal distribution , if there are days with less clients than average , there must be days with more clients as well c ) different numbers in different lines d ) crazy numbers for their top doctor ... all of that raises questions . 
  for all i know , i believe it might be a decent clinic , just with inadequate marketing office , i do n't know . 
  i just agree with u/werkstadt that something 's fishy about their numbers . 
  yeah , right ? 
  and again , average !, 
  which would mean that by probability there must be days with 15-20 patients per day in clinic . 
  also , look at the ps for the first message , that was for ru-language page . 
  cool , right ? 
  still , 400000/15/365 = 73 customers per day . 
  even for multiple clinics , pretty much . 
  10 per day per clinic ( if there are 7 clinics , could n't find better number ) , * average * , and that 's not factoring in actual work year , which would drive that figure to ~ 15 . 
  how many lasers they have per clinic ? 
  do they work non-stop ? 
  what 's more , another counter on their site shows 500,000 . 
  and another line in their promo says :  our clinics already took care of more than 4 000 000 patients in 7 clinics in 3 countries . 
  it 's totally fail proof due to all experience we gained throughout the years . 
  that 's totally nuts . 
  wait , there 's more . 
  their landing shows a doctor with an experience of whopping `` more than 60,000 vision corrections '' ... 
  i shit you not . 
  that guy must be awesome , right ? 
  just in case , divide that figure by 365 , and also , a reasonable work experience in years . 
  and getting back alaska , if we 're talking about jokes too . 
  bonus points : remembering that we had forts [ fort ? ], 
  in california as well . 
  but how should they be punished instead , in the most severe cases ? 
  what about those who have violated the other humans ' rights , deliberately , and who intends to keep on with that destructive behavior ? 
  does the community still have to worry about not violating their own rights ? 
  not exactly , punishment for criminal offence is done by the courts/penitentiary system . 
  morality/ethics deal with the informal rules and punishments and are done by the `` ordinary society '' . 
  you can argue that once a formal rule is invoked ( law -  court -  jail ) , no informal punishments should be handled afterwards , but i 'm not sure it 's always the case ( people not happy with how the exact circumstances of the case were n't taken into account , for example , or people generally not happy with current legal punishment , etc. ), 
  so , morality is always handled by the society , is informal by its nature , and is n't always covered by the formal laws . 
  while its a certain index of system 's overall fairness ( how often the judgement is deemed adequate for a certain crime ) . 
  also , punishment is not just jail , it 's whatever is decided as a fair judgement . 
  it can be ban for certain interactions , or certain professions , or certain positions . 
  u/19djafoij02 , as you 're a regular in the european subs , can you tell your thoughts on the subject ? 
  i can guess you probably support them ? 
  if so , do you follow the reasoning of these sanctions , what 's your reason for supporting them ? 
  yep , also quite a lot of that central heating in moscow comes from cogeneration/combined heat and power plants . 
  hah , you bet we do !, 
  or not ... 
  depends on , does `` well liked '' include controversially liked ( inside the country ) figures or not . 
  with people like stalin , lenin obviously on the list ( we 're not * putting * the ones who are still active in `` historical figures '' category , right ? ) . 
  cause those have a fair amount of both haters and fans here .
