  if the no campaigners come up with a claim about the issue being voted on , and the best the government can do is splutter incoherently that it 's nonsense , rather than saying * why * it 's nonsense , then that 's definitely a point against a yes vote . 
  i think that 's the plan this time - to have the eu political parties put forward candidates for commission president , and then to hold debates . 
  i would n't call those referendum defeats the result of euroscepticism . 
  i would say they were much more the result of the government not taking the issue seriously , and getting a smackdown for it - that 's very much the case for nice 1 , where the government actually put out a leaflet saying that the treaty was complicated , and you should just trust them and vote yes . 
  they were n't stupid in the same way at lisbon 1 , but senior members of the cabinet said things like `` sure , i have n't read the thing , heh heh , what a mad lad i am '' , or got the number of member states wrong , which is so not what you want from the people who have just negotiated a complex and important contract on your behalf . 
  any time an irish government runs a referendum and looks like they 're not taking it seriously , they get a no . 
  what amazes me is the apparent inability of our governments to learn this basic lesson . 
   last fundamental problem for me is the accounts , ie the staggering corruption so bad the auditors wont sign off for is it 12 years now this is not okay at all why are people not in prison over this for me to vote yes i want to see one year where it all checks out or at least an order of magnitude improvement . 
  the reason nobody is in prison over it is because it 's not actually `` massive corruption '' and unsigned-off accounts . 
  the actual accounts * are * signed off , because they 're basically ok . what the eu accounts get is a ` qualified ' sign-off due to unacceptable levels of material errors (  3 % ) in , usually , cap and cohesion spending , but those `` material errors '' include things like late payments , payments in error , and sloppily filled out forms - the actual level of fraud is pretty low , and mostly recovered by olaf . 
  having said that , most ( like 90 % + ) of the day to day handing out of eu funding is actually done by the member states , and some member states are , well , ` cleaner ' than others . 
  that 's where most of the errors actually arise , but member states are n't particularly inclined to prosecute their own civil servants for being a little careless with eu money . 
  on topic , then , part of the breeding ground for euroscepticism is popular myths like `` the eu has n't had its accounts signed off for 12 years !!! '' . 
  they 're not an accurate basis on which to decide whether the eu is worthwhile , and they are extremely persistent in eurosceptic media and beliefs . 
  they 're attractive because they 're pithy and contain a grain of truth , while the real situation is complex - hence the long explanation !, 
  not at a national level , no . 
  but then , in theory at least , no first world * government * has had access to qe for quite a while . 
  taking the money printing lever out of the hands of those likely to be swayed by popular pressure for money printing was a large point in the creation of independent central banks . 
  that there is n't a euro currency crisis . 
  there has been a lot of speculation , primarily in the anglosphere financial press , that this or that country will leave , or the whole thing will implode , but other than that speculation ( which is not at all related to attempts to make money from the uncertainty , i 'm sure ) , what issues are there with the * currency * ? 
  is it plummeting ? 
  sky-rocketing ? 
  not accepted for transactions ? 
  not saying there are n't issues in the eurozone , or parts of it , but what i 'm not seeing is where the piigs are supposed to have a completely different degree of problems that are explicable entirely in terms of those countries ' membership of the euro . 
  so far the answers i 'm getting here explain how the euro 's architecture has had an impact on the course out of the crisis , and that 's something very plain to see ( absence of crisis mechanisms , necessity for political horse-trading , etc ) , but what people do n't seem to be very good at it is explaining how these countries have `` euro-unique '' problems in the first place , given that they 're problems shared with many non-euro counties , and not shared by all euro countries . 
  which makes the point that qe is not an unlimited tool . 
  when an amended version appears , will zero hedge publish that fact ? 
  i wonder !, 
  well , no , i do n't particularly care for the euro , or for assumptions that people who disagree are `` blinded '' , since that accusation can equally cheaply be leveled either way . 
  i do care about people claiming causation without even establishing correlation . 
  i have no difficulty accepting the possibility that the divergence under external shock is the result of the failure to build any sort of crisis mechanism into the euro ( such as fiscal transfers ) - it makes a lot of sense . 
  but once again , that 's not an explanation of the crisis itself , but of the additional difficulties of response for euro-area currencies . 
  again , this offers no reason for why the euro is the problem beyond the bare assertion , while the problem you highlight is actually a restriction on the use of monetary bandaids , and covered in my post . 
  the uk can print pounds , but should not , and has not , despite it 's current economic issues , while the ecb can print euros , but should not , and has not , despite the economic issues of the eurozone , because those are bandaids . 
  greece can not simply print drachmas , as it should not , but almost certainly would . 
  while that 's not popular in greece , it 's probably a better long-run outcome for greece . 
  sure , but this kind of thing is another one of the things that keeps economics non-scientific . 
  what you 've done here is to take the fact that there are problems in the eurozone , note that the eurozone is distinguished by its use of the single currency , then take a theory that states what would be best for a currency union , and say qed . 
  there is no qed there . 
  are the difficulties in the eurozone countries that * are * in difficulties related to the differences between the single currency and an optimal currency area ? 
  are they unique problems for the eurozone ? 
  are they actually related to the use of the currency ? 
  if so , how so ? 
  you do n't actually attempt to analyse whether it 's the case that the piigs problems are related to optimal currency area theory - instead you 're just saying `` there are some problems , here 's a theory that implies there might be problems '' . 
  at what point did you successfully eliminate all the other competing possible explanations ? 
  whether the piigs problems are related to the euro or not , it is not in any logical or scientific sense adequate or valuable to do this kind of pseudo-analysis . 
  and there is n't a euro crisis either . 
  the `` euro crisis '' is a shorthand way of describing current economic conditions in the eurozone , or , well , really just parts of the eurozone , and inventing explanations that concentrate on the euro rather than the fact that ( a ) those economic conditions are the same as in many other non-eurozone countries , and ( b ) only true for a small subset of eurozone countries . 
  if we refer to the uk as the `` sterling-zone '' , does that mean there are problems with * sterling * ? 
  no , it means that there are problems with the * uk * economy . 
  where the euro does cause problems is in denying most of the traditional simple quick fixes for economic problems , like printing money or devaluation . 
  but those quick fixes are like stimulants for a heart patient in any case - their effects are over-broad and temporary , and do not address underlying problems . 
  regaining lost competitiveness is a hard slog , and requires a measure of vision and intelligence , but it is what is needed , not a financial band-aid . 
   yet the problem it defines is the same today as it has always been ; any attempt to set a single interest rate for 17 politically and fiscally sovereign nations is almost by definition doomed to failure . 
  perpetual crisis is more or less guaranteed . 
  simply stated as true without backup . 
  i 'm wary of these `` obviously true '' and `` common sense '' claims - it seems to me that something that keeps the field economics mired in not-really-science status is its willingness to assume the truth of attractive common-sense narratives . 
  at this stage , the euro 's record of `` perpetual crisis '' within the timeframe of its existence is identical to that of sterling and the dollar . 
  that it needs work is denied by nobody , but that the obvious solution is a breakup seems to me to follow the somewhat anglospheric view that if something is difficult , it 's not worth doing at all , never mind trying to do it well . 
  i think the problem with `` making people accountable for their choices '' is that it ignores the issue of practical implementation . 
  once the people have voted for x , x remains to be carried into practice , and it will not usually be carried into practice by the people . 
  instead , it will be implemented usually by a civil service and some politicians . 
  so if it goes wrong , it will be easy for the people who supported it to say that it was implemented wrong . 
  it 's easy to see this in practice with defence of free markets , for example . 
  one can say that deregulation of the financial industry led to a boom and bust , but the supporters of deregulation will say that the bust only happened because of what regulation remained . 
  `` had the market been * truly * free '' , they say , `` the bust would n't have happened '' . 
  no number of repeat votes can produce a referendum result the people will not give . 
  it 's actually unclear whether the `` crotty test '' as a * precedent * relies specifically and solely on foreign affairs , although it is certainly the aspect of the sea that the judgement concentrates on . 
  ireland - first , any change to our constitution requires a referendum . 
  second , in theory any piece of legislation can also be referred to the people by the president , but that has never actually been done . 
  as people may know , we always hold binding referendums on eu treaties - this is the result of a legal case in the 1980s which held that the constitution did not give the government the power to give away any sovereignty , because that belongs solely to the people . 
  while it 's not always clear whether an eu treaty * really * impinges on our sovereignty , our governments err on the side of caution and always hold one . 
  the evident self-congratulation while offering an irrelevant dodge does n't help , either . 
  q : why are people disillusioned with politics ? 
  politician : let me tell you something - something completely irrelevant . 
  i would be pretty ok with this , i have to say - i 'm a `` europe of regions '' supporter . 
  the right of initiative is a very vexed one , but a couple of points should be mentioned . 
  first , as someone already said , the commission generally exercises initiative on foot of a request by the council or parliament . 
  it 's relatively rare for the commission to come up with a proposal entirely off it 's own bat , because any such proposal will have to pass the council and the parliament in any case . 
  as such , what the commisssion really does with it 's right of iniative is act as a filter , only initiating genuinely european legislation that will command wide support both from the member state governments and the parliament . 
  aside from anything else , this prevents the larger countries simply pushing forward their agendas at the expense of they smaller countries - in general , what it means is less legislation overall , which i find it hard to regard as a bad thing . 
  actually , politicians usually choose how many bureaucrats we need . 
  you do n't need * any * soda in your diet . 
  you do n't need * any * extra sugar , your body is extremely efficient at picking it up from your food . 
  this is a massively under-appreciated point !, 
  sure . 
  but i do n't know how satisfactory that would be for those opposed to large-scale immigration . 
  there 's also the issue , a little bit up the chain , that immigration is being controlled at a europe-wide level , which means that your * national * immigration policy is being set elsewhere , largely by foreigners - and enforced by foreigners . 
  as far as i can see , the two go together because the eu means freedom of movement - and therefore immigration . 
  ttip , tpp , hard to tell apart . 
  well , commitments , perhaps , rather than * expenses * - that is , they 're contingent liabilities rather than payouts . 
  not sure about the details of other countries ' bank guarantees , but the irish banks certainly did , and do , pay for ours . 
  the amount under guarantee is calculable , though - it 's the amount of debt that 's guaranteed . 
  again , in ireland 's case , that 's currently $ 75 billion . 
  the difference is that in the original data , the amount attributable to guarantees is clear . 
  also it shows guarantees , whether they were called on or not , which makes it pretty meaningless . 
  you ca n't call the * cost * of ireland 's bailout $ 571.3 billion when $ 386bn of that is guarantees . 
  original source for data is here , btw : http://ec.europa.eu/competition/state_aid/studies_reports/2012_autumn_working_paper_en.pdf, 
  one way of looking at democracy which does n't seem to have come up here is in terms of the formal relations between the parts of a constitutional architecture - where democracy , in practice , boils down to accountability of the executive and legislature to the people . 
  what needs to be done to run a modern state ?
