  that would really work . 
   it 's an option , just not a good one . 
  everything 's an option in theory , including arming the entire us population with teaspoons and rushing the ukraine in a bid to take out their government by sheer force of teaspoons . 
  just , as you say , not necessarily a good option . 
  the us has been rather pushier on the idea of active intervention than the eu - hence the `` fuck the eu '' phone call . 
   i think the uk leaving would pave the way for others to form a much more rational relationship of trade including swiss , norway and others . 
  there 's not a lot of non-eu european countries left , you 've nearly listed them all there . 
   i think the current eu could be described very well using an it analogy of bad design . 
  i 'd say myself that it 's not that badly designed , it 's more that the language is unfamiliar to most users and the project is very large , plus for most people what they see is the outputs as relayed to them by management with other agendas . 
  it works surprisingly well for a bloc of 28 countries - it 's hard to think of any similar system that has been anything near the size and depth , and even most of the smaller versions worked far less well . 
  ah , you get to see the process very clearly and entertainingly here in ireland , because of our eu treaty referendums . 
  the government uses the eu as a scapegoat right up to the last minute before the referendum , and then acts all hurt and puzzled when the electorate refuses to vote for an eu treaty . 
  pretty much what 's making things uncomfortable for cameron at the moment - the tories have always made a lot of noise about the unaccountable big bad eu , and now they look the uk 's in danger of leaving they 're suddenly having to backtrack - as bonus entertainment , they ca n't backtrack too far because of ukip snapping at their heels . 
  for extra irony points , the uk is one of the worst offenders for `` gold-plating '' eu regulations - that is , tacking loans of extra stuff their own government/bureaucracy wants onto eu regulations and making out like that 's what the eu ` ordered ' . 
   we 're moving towards a 2-speed europe for the ez to save the euro moving towards fiscal union . 
  true , because clearly another framework is needed to manage the eurozone within the eu . 
  i agree that it will create a 2-speed europe , but surely that 's for the best in that it gives two integration levels rather than one ? 
   i think a number of the bail-out nations are fairly close to being `` protectorates '' of the eu now ? 
  well , speaking from ireland , it 's surprising how little impact it really had . 
   the trouble with the treaties is that they ca n't cope with change or with the diversity within europe and constantly are under stresses requiring further treaties aka powers to brussels to be able to do it 's job better eg it 's own budget is a sore spot . 
  i do n't think anyone ever claimed that yoking 28 cats to the same plough was easy !, 
   it 's more to do with governments being represented and responsible and held to account that helps democracy 's reign in the elite from become parasitical and untouchable . 
  that 's the trouble again with the eurocrats who are on some very comfortable remuneration packages . 
  governments are ultimately responsible for their competence to govern effectively , whereas the problem with uk politics is that large amount of policy areas are now out of their control and in the control of brussels . 
  and even without that additional layer of complexity ( and inefficiency ) governments tend to make a lot of big and bad decisions according to short-term populism of staying in power instead of long-term sustainability of the country . 
  ie less centralism is needed not more !, 
  i 'd have to disagree , i think . 
  the idea that brussels * adds * layers of bureaucracy is something of a trope more than a reality . 
  the uk commissions reports on this kind of thing , and the findings are largely that brussels does n't . 
  what brussels does is produce regulations that apply across the eu . 
  sometimes that can seem burdensome and/or damaging ( the working time directive is a sore point for the uk , for example ) because it introduces a standardisation that would n't otherwise happen - but that is also the point , and for cross-border businesses ( anyone importing or exporting ) it represents a huge * increase * in efficiency . 
  a lot of what the eu does is aimed at exactly such efficiencies through rationalisation and standardisation , although it 's true that some of the standardisation is aimed at producing a level playing field within the single market and that is going to feel burdensome where a nation has a tradition that goes against that - again , working time directive . 
  the eu itself is a tiny bureaucracy - about 35,000 permanent staff . 
  that 's also hugely efficient compared to national civil services , although the comparison is hard to make meaningful because `` the eu '' manages a lot of things in partnership with national civil services . 
  but i 've always liked the point that if the you replaced national civil services with the same number of eurocrats as it takes to manage the equivalent of their national budget , then ireland would have a civil service of about 30,000 people , rather than the 300,000 it currently has . 
  so i find the `` inefficient eu '' thing a bit more of an oft-repeated story than a fact . 
   the single market was was what originally voted on in 1975 for the uk for a trade agreement . 
  instead it 's morphed into a customs union and a political supranational structure with vested interests and too much `` political capital '' to pull back from by the current incumbents in power ( big banks , big business and bureaucrats ) . 
  well , it was always a customs union , and you ca n't have a single market without that . 
  i do n't think customs unions are particularly onerous , though . 
  the supranational element has been agreed to very slowly and carefully by the member states themselves because in an enlarged eu , every country having a veto will lead to paralysis , just as it has done in other intergovernmental bodies . 
  for comparison , in the un , only the security council countries have vetoes , and that 's , what , six countries ? 
  if every country had a veto on un action , nothing would ever happen there , just as used to be the case with the ill-fated league of nations . 
  thing is , though , that the single market * is * the source of most of the legislation , and of most of the legislation people dislike . 
  the working time directive , the straight banana stuff , that 's all single market legislation . 
  it 's also worth pointing out that quite a lot of stuff people believe comes from the eu does n't - it comes from the council of europe , which is a completely separate body set up several years before the eu . 
  in particular , the eu has very very little competence in anything social , and social stuff like not being able to deport , say , known islamic terrorists , or requiring access to abortion information , is n't anything to do with the eu - those are echr decisions by the council of europe , and nothing to do with the eu at all . 
   tbh , you make some fair points above . 
  thanks . 
  i often think people get exercised by `` the eu '' when what they 're really exercised about are the issues raised by globalisation , by a more connected world , by a decades long push for detailed rights , by technologically-backed centralisations of state powers , by an increasing lack of social mobility and slide towards oligarchy * within * the member states . 
  and i think it 's very fair to say that the disconnect between the actions of governments through the eu and the citizen is real enough , but where i disagree with people is that i see the source of that primarily as the national governments , who are often prone to using the eu as a way of doing what they ca n't do domestically , with far less transparency , and blaming it on `` the eu '' as if it was imposed by eurocrats rather than pushed by themselves . 
  most of our * national * structures of control over our governments have not evolved at the same pace that the eu has been given competences . 
   you can add the increase in powers to brussels over time per each new treaty and for the ez ( banking negotiation and fiscal union to combine with the monetary union ) . 
  this is all observable and in keeping with what the danish mep said ? 
  no , i think that 's a very fundamental misunderstanding of what the eu is . 
  the member state governments are n't trying to create a use , they just want a permanent framework that allows them to do some stuff cooperatively . 
  as an indication of how much they want to do cooperatively , there 's the fact that the eu budget is 1 % of the member state 's budgets . 
  as far as i can see , despite what federalists might hope , and nationalists might fear , that 's really all there is to the eu at the moment , and all there 's likely to be in the foreseeable future . 
  there is no member state government that i can think of that is within shouting distance of suggesting it dissolves itself and hands over to a use . 
  i appreciate that this is a view that is not only rather dull , but appears to be unpopular with both federalists and nationalists , but it 's in line with the facts . 
  the member states remain , as the german constitutional court described them , ` masters of the treaties ' , and therefore what the institutional eu might think has little relevance to the reality of the eu 's position . 
  as to the not uncommon mismatch between what governments want and what their citizens want , that 's certainly something that ca n't be denied . 
  the uk is a very good example - it 's uncertain that a referendum would result in staying in the eu , and that 's with a campaign . 
  on a day-to-day basis the majority of the uk would almost certainly opt out if you held a snap referendum . 
  uk governments , however , even tory ones , prefer to stay in . 
  not because they secretly want a use , but because the eu as a permanent framework for european cooperation , and as a single market , is desirable . 
  that 's kind of hilarious , actually . 
  morten messerschmidt is an mep for a party usually described as ` right-wing populist ' , and his views on whether ` right-wing populism ' is likely to rise at the euro elections are not exactly going to be objective . 
  there 's also no requirement for referendums to somehow stand in the way of mad federalists like reding , because the governments of the member states already stand in the way of the creation of a use . 
  a use remains a pipe dream , and perhaps one that 's even more vital to eurosceptics than to eurofederalists . 
  also , slight shudder induced by right-wing populists wanting loads more referendums . 
  i like referendums myself , but in the hands of right wing populists they have a track record which is * not * good . 
  i 'm not sure it 's possible to dismiss the recent us actions in the ukraine as if it were somehow the personal interest of an assistant secretary at the state department , when it involved calls from the vice-president and official sanctions . 
  the us was never going to get involved in a forceful way in the ukraine , and i ca n't help but feel somewhat that this article seeks to explain away as indifference a recognition that deep involvement was never a us option here . 
  ok - when errors are found in how a member state handed out some eu funding , the eu does n't just chalk it up to experience . 
  if the error is sufficiently large that the recipient should n't have got the money , then the eu tries to recover the money . 
  if the money ca n't be recovered from the beneficiary , the eu asks the member state to refund the money to the eu . 
  these are the `` financial corrections '' . 
  they can be negative if , for example , the amount which should have been available to the beneficiary was actually larger than the amount given to them by the member state in charge of the funding . 
  so the figures in the table are the amounts which the eu found to have been inappropriately handed over by member states to ultimate beneficiaries , and which the eu aims to recover . 
  the breakdown is by member state and by eu programme , so the figure for spain under erdf is the amount of eu money the eu estimates as having been handed over incorrectly by spanish authorities under the european regional development fund . 
  i 'm not sure whether the total there relates only to 2012 , because i think the total may include the final closure of pre-2012 projects , so it may be a figure reflecting several years worth of spanish misspending . 
  this table might give people some idea of where the problems are coming from - these are the `` financial corrections '' that are imposed when irregularities are found : http://ec.europa.eu/budget/financialreport/wel/images/financialreport/en/annex4_2_en.png, 
  and sweden is one of the countries ( denmark , the netherlands , sweden and the uk ) which voluntarily issues a `` national management declaration '' detailing their part in the problems . 
  the crossover with those refusing to sign off is obvious . 
  i suspect that of the `` 25 other countries '' who would n't like to link the availability of funds to their national management of the funds , the big ones are probably spain and italy - for example , the two together accounted for 91 % of financial corrections in the erdf and 84 % of the financial corrections in the esf from 1999-2007 . 
   so you are saying that the eu has no control over the money ? 
  that it is impossible for the eu to demand that rules should be followed - otherwise they will get no money ? 
  pretty much . 
  the council ( member states ) would not accept a situation where the institutional eu said `` too many errors , no money '' . 
   mrs merkel never tires of saying that europe has 7 % of the world 's population and 25 % of its gdp . 
  is she wrong ? 
  a bit . 
  7 % of the world 's population , but 20 % of its gdp . 
  us is 4.4 % of world population and also 20 % of gdp . 
  the us manages the same size economy with 60 % of the population . 
  but as raav says , you 're looking at a very different economy , without a large post-communist chunk , not in land that has been densely settled and exploited for hundreds of years , and not consisting of 28 only partially integrated economies , often with different languages . 
   they seemed really hard to find ( in retrospect , i realize there are historical reasons for this ) yeah , sorry about that ... 
  it was also over a year later . 
  i 'm happy to hear that - i did say `` if '' , so i take it you 're telling me that the likely consequences were accepted by the yes side in the referendum ?
