   yeah because reducing an entire nation to generations of debt slavery over a currency union is very benign . 
  what has it to do with the euro ? 
  greece is n't being asked to pay its debts for the sake of the euro , but for the sake of the people who paid the taxes that the greeks have now borrowed . 
   that this has been done time and again in the past , and that there are ever more species of fish and regions of the oceans that have been damaged irreparibly by bad management . 
  unfortunately , the cfp does pretty much qualify as bad management . 
  in theory it does n't , but in practice leaving the manipulation of quotas up to national politicians dealing with a largely common resource makes it so . 
  it 's the right way to do things , though , silly as it may sound . 
  and vice versa , surely ? 
  if you believe it ca n't be shown that wages would n't be higher , you have to equally accept that it ca n't be shown they 're lower . 
   in my view the greek people are no more responsible for the financial catastrophe their country than the irish are . 
  i agree with this statement , but mean something completely different by it . 
  you ca n't have the spending bit of keyensian economics if you never did the saving bit . 
  the vatnik is hardly uniquely russian , though - they 're authoritarian followers . 
  we certainly have exactly the type in ireland , but luckily nobody has offered them a `` strong leader '' . 
   i 'm not claiming that all increase in debt comes from the bank guarantee since most of it is due to high deficits when tax intake crashed and social welfare increased . 
  sure - most as in , what , 70 % ? 
   but to treat liabilities apart from debt and central bank funding apart from government is specious . 
  not really - if you 're paying no interest on debt , because it 's a liability rather than a debt , the difference is extremely concrete . 
  proving what ? 
  that other people are also wrong ? 
  that does n't need proving , at least to me . 
  here 's the full table of bank recaps , with the sources for the capital : http://debates.oireachtas.ie/dail/2012/04/18/00157.asp as you can see , the money was not borrowed - it came from the nprf as cash , from exchequer cash , and the promissory notes , which were ious not bonds . 
  ireland did n't borrow to bail out the banks - that 's the origin of lenihan 's `` cheapest bailout '' claim . 
  bank bailout costs are very little of our national debt , and most of what does show up there as costs is the promissory notes , because for accounting purposes they 're classed as liabilities . 
   ireland was unable to borrow more at reasonable rates precisely because it had borrowed so much to bail out the banks . 
  sigh . 
  ireland had borrowed exactly nothing to bail out the banks . 
  the bank bailout came from the nprf cash pile and the creation of promissory notes , which were debt owed to the state by the state . 
  the ecb did not loan ireland any money . 
  germany 's banks had virtually no exposure to our * domestic * banks either before or after the guarantee . 
  these are all facts . 
  they are all provable . 
  links available if i think there 's any chance of facts changing your mind , which currently does n't seem all that good a bet . 
  i 'm only making those points because * you * raised the idea of the money not being repaid - and the point is that banks in government hands can not default on the government in question except by the choice of the government , so the issue is basically irrelevant . 
  and if not for that , what possible advantage is there for a country to bail its banks out via another country ? 
  what country do you believe has actually done this in preference to simply putting the money into its own banks ? 
  what evidence do you have for such a view ? 
  why would a sovereign government choose to hand a large chunk of its money to a foreign government , when there is no way of dictating exactly what the foreign government does with it ? 
  finally , how would you explain the fact that none of the eu bailout money was used , in ireland 's case , to recap the banks ? 
  i said that the german ambassador had stated that it would be cheaper and politically more popular to bail out their banks directly than to do so through lending to another country . 
  if a country bails out its banks directly it thereby assumes ownership of those banks - receiving in return the profits of those banks , as well as the sale value of the stake in the banks thus acquired - whereas if it decides to lend the money via another country it does not , but instead receives only about 0.5 % over the cost of borrowing the money loaned . 
  what 's disingenuous about making that point ? 
  nor will bailed out banks decide to go bankrupt '' - they 're owned by the government who bailed them out , so only the government who bailed them out could decide that they should go bankrupt . 
  so an argument that it 's `` safer '' to lend to a sovereign is n't relevant . 
  well , yes , but that 's completely irrelevant to anything i 've said . 
   could make a referendum across all of the eu countries . 
  that 's more of a `` yes/no '' answer to an existing document , though , than `` an open , democratic discussion about what we want in such a treaty and what not '' . 
  and my experience of irish referendums is that you 'd need at least two goes at it before the public was actually voting on anything other than made-up scare stories . 
   you ca n't use fusion reactors as bombs , they need such a high rate of energy input that they would just stop working . 
  unlike fission which can have a run-away chain reaction . 
  yeah , you drop them , they break open , they go fizzle , and that 's basically it . 
  the whole reason we do n't have fusion yet is that with fission the problem is stopping the stuff doing its thing , with fusion the problem is making it do it at all . 
   do n't be disingenuous ; it is much better to loan money to a sovereign government and make them repay than to loan to a private company that could easily declare bankruptcy . 
  i 'm not sure how that 's supposed to apply , given that the private companies in question ( banks ) are owned by the governments as a result of the exercise of refunding them , and are therefore not in a position to declare bankruptcy except by virtue of the government wishing them to do so . 
  more to the point , though , there just was n't the german money in irish banks . 
   its time to organise demonstrations and demand an open , democratic discussion about what we want in such a treaty and what not . 
  how would that actually work , though ? 
   `` nous avons tout \u00e0 gagner \u00e0 aller vite '' ( `` it 's in our best interest to go fast '' ) or even : `` we have everything to gain by going quickly '' . 
   `` sinon , nous savons bien qu'il y aura une accumulation de peurs , de menaces , de crispations '' ( `` otherwise , we know there will be fear , threats , stress '' ) `` otherwise , we know well there will be an accumulation of fears , of threats , of nervousnesses '' . 
   well it 's the banks ' job to make prudent loans that can be paid back or not get their money bank if they fail to do so . 
  er , also no . 
  if they * can * get their money back they would be extremely derelict in their duty to shareholders if they failed to do so . 
   banks are businesses made for profit . 
  but they are also supposed to be an instrument of economic stability . 
  actually , they 're not supposed to be anything of the kind - indeed , as far as i know , most of the big economic models used for forecasting by governments et al do n't even include the financial sector , which is simply ` assumed ' as a sort of generalised money circulation mechanism . 
   the first purpose of banks should be economic stability so they should be public in my opinion . 
  there is absolutely no reason for them to be private . 
  i would support this completely . 
  modern economies need banks to create and move money just as they need power companies to create and move electricity , and just as the latter tend to be heavily regulated , so too should the former . 
  i do n't doubt people would trot out all the usual `` but private sector !, 
  efficiency !, 
  innovative !, 
  risk-taking ! '', 
  crap , to which i think one need merely point out that the banks have n't been efficient ( in fact , have cost the taxpayer a lot ) , have n't been entrepreneurial ( on the contrary , they 're pro-cyclical and extremely timid ) , have been innovative only in terms of making things worse , and are apparently oblivious to risks except to their own pay packets . 
  fuck the lot of them - make them civil servants . 
   or is that source biased too ? 
  i had n't said any source was biased ( although i 'd agree that zerohedge has journalistic standards around those of the daily mail ) , but the person you cite there i can definitely say has n't done her homework :  the german banks were particularly exposed in spain , italy and ireland . 
  no , german banks were n't exposed in ireland , except to their own subsidiaries in our ifsc - i know this , i did the necessary research from the sources , which are publicly available . 
  someone repeating this fact is someone building a case on hearsay evidence , which suggests in turn a willingness to accept ` evidence ' because it agrees with what one wants to say . 
  the contention that the germans bailed out greece in order to bail out their own banks is a silly one , as well , however popular it may be as a narrative ( who likes having to be grateful , after all ? ) . 
  as the german ambassador to ireland put it when the question was put to him ( it 's a popular narrative in ireland too , for the same reasons ) , `` why would we do that ? 
  it would be cheaper , and more popular in germany , to bail out our banks directly '' . 
  and that is indeed the case . 
   you can blame greece all you want for accepting that credit but you should also blame these financial institutions for pushing greece to accept it . 
  why ? 
  that 's their business , to lend money . 
  that 's what they are , businesses . 
  it 's the job of the greek government to look after greek finances . 
  it 's not the job of businesses to do so . 
   as long as you accept you go bankrupt with too many bad loans . 
  it gets a weird when you are talking about companies that are too big to fail . 
  if they are willingly using that position to make possible bad loans knowing there is a rescue in case it goes bad , i 'd say it 's pretty close to a crook . 
  that i 'd accept , but i do n't know whether it 's really the case that the loans were originally made with that expectation . 
  if they were , why was there then any market panic ? 
   by global fire power . 
  literally a blog . 
  literally the `` blog '' everyone cites . 
  you 're welcome to put forward your own preferred independent comparison , but i do n't think you 're going to find one that accords with your beliefs . 
  downvoting is n't going to change that . 
   you could just as well argue it 's the crooks that lent the money and let somebody else pay when high risk loans ( but high interest rate ) go bad .
