   while these panels interpret legal texts , i would prefer those text not allow lawsuits for terms so vague they do n't have agreed upon definitions . 
  that 's a preference , which is rather different from `` losing the rule of law '' . 
   not in the slightest , the economy affects the rest of society . 
  you can say letting companies dump their industrial waste is an economic decision to boost competition . 
  it does n't suddenly make the waste harmless , nor does it remove the negative effects from the environment and people . 
  that 's certainly true ( as a green i 'd hardly deny it !, 
  ) , but it 's not the case either that every economic decision requires detailed civil society expertise . 
  it 's also true that the non-economic effects of many economic decisions are * primarily * the outcome of their economic impact , and that to understand their non-economic effects you first have to discover their impact on the economic operators affected . 
  in the case of a trade deal , that 's very much going to be the case . 
  yes , reducing the tariff or increasing the quota on us beef will have social and economic impacts , but you ca n't possible predict what those will be unless you talk to farmers . 
   the problem with letting the treaty text decide the depute resolution is that the text is laughably vauge . 
  `` indirect expropriation '' , `` unfair and inequitable treatment '' terms with no definition are reason to sue in the treaty text . 
  law deals with a lot of such fuzzy concepts all the time . 
   and we do loose the rule of law with the one off panels . 
  a permanent court , would at least give the ability to appeal blatantly unjust rulings . 
  ` laughably vague ' or not , the treaty texts are legal texts , and those are what the panel interprets . 
  so , no , we do not lose the rule of law . 
  appeals would be handy , of course . 
   and in more than 90 % of the time they see the `` expertise '' of the private sector . 
  this is not a balanced approach , it 's a reasonable approach for a body whose mandate is pretty much 100 % economic . 
  depends how you define better and more . 
   which has the same loss of sovereignty , but with the added bonus of also loosing the rule of law not really , and no . 
  a permanent court is a much greater threat than occasional panels , while the legal framework for the resolution of the dispute is provided by the treaty text . 
   just because there are more companies than ngos does not mean they represent an equal part of the population . 
  a company can have a few employees and fewer owners . 
  it does not the owners speak for all their employees , nor that the owners getting richer benefits society at large . 
  unfortunately , civil society bodies likewise do n't speak for the public at large , and that 's not why the commission talks to either of them . 
  in both cases what is sought is expertise . 
   the fact that private interest groups has 90 % of the meetings with the commission creates an enormous gap in the information the commission receives and the actual wishes of the public . 
  the commission does n't need to know the actual wishes of the public , and neither ngos nor companies are there to provide such information . 
  it 's a mistake to think the commission is supposed to do what 's * popular * - they 're an expert body , and they do , and should do , what is recommended by other experts . 
  it 's then up to politicians to sell or not sell that , up to parliamentary representatives to accept or reject it . 
  the `` actual wishes of the public '' will be transmitted in the usual way - through the parliaments when they accept or reject the deal . 
  you do n't ask a mechanic to channel the wishes of the public when they make a plan for fixing your car - you do n't ask a programmer to do what 's popular when writing software . 
  expert bodies produce expert recommendations , and may consult with other experts to do so . 
   which is still different from having the two parties in a case mutually agree to have the case done in arbitration . 
  if a country ratifies a treaty with isds , all future cases filed under isds are done in arbitration . 
  yes , that 's what the government would be agreeing to . 
   in a court , a judge is assigned a case . 
  you do n't like the judge ? 
  your problem , isds let 's the plaintiff pick part of the panel themselves . 
  that is a huge advantage sure - but countries are n't willing to subject themselves to a permanent international court , because that really does involve a loss of sovereignty . 
  thus once-off panels of arbitrators , not a court with a judge . 
  if there were just one arbitrator , and the government picked it , that * would * be stacked . 
  in fact , one complaint about the eu 's proposed new isds mechanism for ttip is that the list of possible candidates for panellists has to be approved by governments in advance , which is effectively the same as them picking all the arbitrators :  arbitrators can only be drawn from a list established by states . 
  this is problematic because one of the two parties ( the state ) will set the frames for the disputes when the other ( the investor ) can only appoint from a list pre-approved by the state . 
  under the current system , each party can freely choose its own arbitrator . 
  http://isdsblog.com/2015/09/17/a-quick-read-of-the-eu-commissions-investment-court-proposal/  and companies can , and often do win cases . 
  just like people win cases , even tough the state they are fighting in court made the laws they are on trial for breaking . 
  it 's rarely worth the government changing the laws for small individual cases , but where individuals have been subjected to , for example , legal sanctions on homosexuality , they have had to fight the case outside the national legal system . 
   and now we are seeing huge opposition given by both national and eu parliaments to isds . 
  not really . 
  the ep has laid down some red lines , but the member state governments have rather obviously not dropped isds from the ttip negotiating mandate . 
  member state parliaments have barely done anything . 
   90 % of the meetings eu has about ttip are with private interest groups . 
  so despite huge public and political opposition the appearance is created that isds is largely supported . 
  sure , but people forget that there are * more * than 10 times as many companies as there are ngos ( the actual figure is more like 13:1 ) , so a 9:1 ratio of meetings with commercial groups as with civil society groups is actually biased in favour of the latter , not the former . 
   the fuck are you on ? 
  the countries have no choice in the matter . 
  in civil , or private arbitration one party can refuse abritration and the case is transferred to a court . 
  and governments - who write and agree the treaty - can decide not to include isds . 
  by including isds they are agreeing to have disputes heard by arbitration . 
   because a normal court the plaintiff picks 0 judges . 
  1  0 or is that math to complicated for you ? 
  arbitration is n't the same as a court hearing . 
  there is no judge , nobody gets to pick the judge . 
  there are 3 arbitrators : 1 chosen by one side , 1 by the other , and 1 by mutual consent . 
  the arithmetic is : 1 . company gets 1 arbitrator + half an arbitrator : 1.5 2 . government gets 1 arbitrator + half an arbitrator : 1.5 1.5 = 1.5 - the panel is not `` stacked '' as you keep claiming . 
   property rights are pretty enshrined in every democracy on the planet . 
  if you or a company you own are expropriated you can be compensated . 
  no , you do n't have to be . 
  personal property rights , yes , corporate property rights , rarely . 
  the irish banks were nationalised , and the shareholders got nothing . 
   the big difference is that a court will compensate you for the value of what 's expropriated . 
  an isds panel can also give damages , like lost expected profits no , not expected profits . 
  expected earnings from an asset which is expropriated are part of the valuation of that asset ( although with diminishing returns ) , but companies do not get compensated for lost general profits . 
   it does n't level the playing field . 
  it makes it so that corporation have the exclusive right to have their cases heard outside the legal system . 
  levels the playing field between the company and the state - those being the two players here , i did think that was fairly obvious . 
   companies ca n't be dragged in front of these panels and be sued for undefined terms like `` indirect expropriation '' and `` unfair and inequitable treatment '' no , they can be dragged in front of a national court under the laws made by the government that drags them there . 
   now answer my question . 
  why do companies need the right to have their cases heard outside the legal system , when everyone else in society has to make do with the legal system of the nation they are quarreling with ? 
  for the reasons given in the previous post . 
  national legal systems offer no protection to a foreign investor against arbitrary government action , because they can only apply the laws made by the same government . 
   so because companies have been able to lobby nations so they pay less taxes , they also need to be exempt from the legal system . 
  great logic no , the logic is that clearly isds is n't there as a system for companies to rob countries - you 're trying to put words in my mouth , as usual . 
  countries offer isds because they want investors to feel secure in their country . 
  they do n't have to do it , it 's optional , but they want to do it . 
  governments are the ones offering isds voluntarily - the ttip negotiating mandate given to the eu commission by the eu national governments explicitly says the commission are to negotiate an isds mechanism . 
  why you persist in pretending that governments are somehow the victim i do n't really know . 
  they 're not . 
  they 're offering a way for foreign companies to play on their pitch with some guarantee of not being completely at their mercy . 
  they do n't offer that as a deal to other people ( like domestic criminals , or domestic companies ) because those do n't have to be tempted in with such offers . 
  and if isds were as stacked against governments as you appear to believe , governments would n't offer it , because it would n't be worth it . 
   that does n't mean it ' operates on the same rules as a court . 
  which it does n't . 
  plus investor state disputes are n't all commercial , if two private parties agree to arbitration ; fine . 
  isds is governments agreeing to have disputes heard by arbitration . 
   but forcing a country to have their cases heard by stacked panel , where the taxpayers money is on the line is so absurd it 's actually laughable . 
  `` stacked panel '' ?
