  since neither of us know what the actual basis of the referendum was , the fact that it has endured wuld suggest there has been no successful legal challenge . 
   we need the law of ( i think ' 92 ) and as a matter of fact , there have been extensive court proceedings over the procedure , in which the courts said in the end that `` it is irreversible now but it should not have been passed this way '' . 
  the courts ca n't say that . 
  something is either illegal under the constitution or not , and the constitution 's rules on this are very clear :  where the act is rejected by the referendum , an announcement to that effect shall be made by the prime minister without undue delay and not later than fourteen days after the referendum was held . 
  from the date of such announcement the act shall become ineffective . 
  if the result was legally binding , the process above has to happen . 
  the courts ca n't just say `` oh well '' and throw up their hands . 
  the act would be ineffective , or the pm would have acted illegally , and the courts could n't possibly make any other finding . 
  there 's no wriggle room there . 
  i suspect that the idea that a legally binding referendum no was ignored is a `` folk-memory '' rather than an accurate reflection of history . 
  i 'll obviously eat humble pie if shown to be wrong , though . 
  there are actually five types of referendum , with a binding rejective referendum , and a non-binding ad-hoc referendum :  today the danish constitution offers five possibilities for holding referendums - there is no constitutional provision for any kind of initiative . 
  four of the five possibilities are explicitly mentioned in the constitution and in each case the result is binding : ( 1 ) a mandatory referendum on constitutional amendments ( article 88 ) ; ( 2 ) an optional rejective law referendum ( article 42 ) ; ( 3 ) a mandatory law referendum on the voting age ( article 29 ) ; and ( 4 ) a mandatory law referendum on the delegation of constitutional powers to international authorities ( article 20 ) . 
  in addition to these constitutional provisions , it is possible by law to call ad hoc referendums that legally have only an advisory status . 
  so ... we need to know which kind of referendum it was , and what the exact result was . 
  if it was a binding referendum ( type 2 above ) , and effective , then if the danish government * have * ignored it , the schengen agreement would be illegal under danish law . 
  as far as i know , that 's not the case , so i do n't think the referendum on schengen can have been legally binding . 
  if it was n't a binding referendum under article 42 , then it was almost certainly an ad-hoc referendum , which would have been advisory only . 
  i can see that if it was held on the question of repealing the government 's ratification of schengen , it could easily * look * like a binding article 42 referendum , but i have to presume by its effect that either it was n't , or it was an article 42 referendum which returned a no , but which failed to clear the requirement for 30 % of the electorate to have voted against the ratification . 
  source , danish constitution : https://www.constituteproject.org/constitution/denmark_1953.pdf, 
   creditors are n't offering a new program , they 're offering nothing but the same . 
  the idea that cutting spending in a recessionary period will , somehow , improve economic activity is flawed . 
  and the idea that you can increase spending when you already spending more than you 're taking in , and the markets wo n't lend to you because they reckon you 'll default , remains an impossible dream - you have to borrow other countries ' money if you want to even spend what you 're already doing , and the other countries do n't owe it to you but to their own people . 
  austerity is n't a pro-active policy , it 's the result of your economy having crashed , and somebody lending you enough to get by . 
  nobody has the money to led to greece for an expansionary fiscal policy , even if they thought they 'd ever get their taxpayers ' money back afterwards , or that it would do greece any long-term good . 
  eh , they 're a rights organisation . 
  people have the right to elect silly governments ( and regularly exercise it everywhere ) , but they also have the right to a fair vote . 
  i think there 's a certain amount of non-clarity here . 
  danish corrective referendums are non-binding , the legally triggered sovereignty referendums are binding , as far as i can see . 
  ireland does n't have a popular initiative route to referendum - our referendums are legally triggered in much the same way as danish constitutional referendums , and like those are legally binding . 
  non-binding referendums are just that - non-binding . 
  that means the government is free to ignore the result . 
  if they 're not able to do so , then the referendum is not non-binding . 
  that 's fundamentally a constitutional issue , but given that the status quo is that corrective referendums are non-binding , the government ignoring the results is proper according to the constitution . 
  irish referenda are not advisory , they 're binding , and legally required . 
  the government decides it wants to do something , and puts it to a referendum if it needs to change the constitution . 
  the legal trigger is very much the same as in denmark - impact on sovereignty . 
  seems to me to be the same in denmark - unless you literally mean that a danish referendum reverses legislation , which i do n't think you do . 
   if they call the left populists now what should they call it the day it started saying anything just to get a vote ? 
  you 're the one suggesting a change . 
  merely stating `` something should change but i do n't know what but you guys are definitely idiots for not changing '' is weak . 
  i 'm not suggesting there should be change simply because i think there should be - i 'm suggesting it because the left is * not succeeding * . 
  we 've had a huge and primarily financial crisis for 5-7 years now , and people have not turned left , despite bank bailouts and a whole crisis basically revolving around the left 's natural enemies . 
  you perhaps do n't see that as a problem , but i do . 
   again , what use is calling a referundum ( mind you : the state called it in denmark ) if you 're going to dismiss the outcome ? 
  that fails to take into account what a referendum is for . 
  if a referendum has a result - like not allowing the government to ratify lisbon , for example , or not join the euro - then the result is only being ignored/dismissed if the government goes ahead and ratifies/joins anyway after that one result . 
  in neither case did the government go ahead and do that . 
  therefore the results of the referendums were not ignored or dismissed . 
  what you 're referring to as the `` result '' is actually the `` will of the people '' behind the result - you 're saying `` people * said * they did n't want it '' , and that the government has to honour that `` will '' by changing * their * minds . 
  but the `` will of the people '' has no meaning except as expressed by a vote . 
  the danish government held a referendum about joining the euro , got a no , and did not then go ahead and join the euro anyway . 
  instead , it tried to change the minds of the people , held another referendum , and got another no - and did not join the euro . 
  the irish government held a referendum on ratifying lisbon , got a no , and did not then simply go ahead and ratify lisbon anyway . 
  instead , it tried to change the minds of the people , held another referendum , and got a yes - and only then ratified lisbon . 
  referendums are a legal instrument , not a demonstration of will . 
  they answer a question , and if the government does n't like the answer , it can ask again . 
  each answer is valid and binding until the next , and only that long . 
   and what should the left do to solve the electoral problem ? 
  become the right like the spd did ? 
  the question is one that needs to be asked , because currently the left is on the road to nowhere , and that 's not good for anyone . 
  i 'm not sure the left is asking it , though - i think they 're responding as you have , with derision initially and then with `` if you 're so clever , what 's * your * answer ? 
   it was about joining schengen , and what use are referenda if the government can just rinse and repeat until they get the result they desire ? 
  that takes the validity out of the system . 
  no , it really does n't . 
  a vote is a vote , a free vote is a free vote . 
  all that changes is the length of time the government have to persuade people of their side of the case , and they could equally well do that by setting a referendum a year ahead . 
  there 's no difference in terms of the democracy of the process . 
  if you want to defeat a government proposed referendum twice , vote no twice . 
  if a majority vote yes in the second one after voting no in the first one , that 's democracy - the people changed their minds . 
  if you 're a no voter , you might not * like * it , but so what ? 
  that does n't make it undemocratic , i 'm afraid . 
  after all , direct democracy would have people undertaking regular referendum votes , and many of those would inevitably be repeats . 
  what 's actually undemocratic is setting the results of a single vote in stone for all time . 
   second of all , it 's also ignoring the result if you say `` this is not the outcome we want , therefore we will not do as the population desired and manipulate the population until we get the result we want '' . 
  except that , again , they did n't , and the danes are still not in the euro . 
  governments call referendums . 
  if they do n't like the result , they ca n't ignore it , but they do n't have to just settle for it either . 
  if they 're legally entitled to call another referendum , they can . 
  that 's politics for you - if something does n't go your way , you do n't have to just give up any idea of it ever happening . 
  and the next referendum result is just as valid as the previous one , unless someone is actually holding a gun to people 's heads as they vote - and i mean literally , not metaphorically . 
  we wade through this `` boo hoo the government ignored the referendum result '' in ireland every time we have a repeat referendum , which is pretty often . 
  the people who were happy with the first referendum result always come out with it , and , really , tough shit . 
  governments have a mandate to try to get what they think is best done , and if that means calling two referendums on the same subject , then they can do that - they 're the ones losing political capital , but there 's no loss to democracy in voting twice . 
   the danes got to have a vote on joining the euro in the '90s , and when the result was `` no '' the government just ignored the outcome , and organised a new referendum half a year later . 
  it 's only ignoring the result if the government go ahead and do whatever it was anyway . 
  if the danish government had * really * ignored the result , you 'd be in the euro . 
   would be hilarious in a tragic sort of way , but at least it would be the opposite of cowardice . 
  i do n't know whether you can really say that if he 's leading the greek public to a grexit they apparently do n't want through deceit . 
  it would just mean he believes it 's the right thing to do , and actually doing it could be ideological fixation rather than courage . 
  thing is that while that 's sort of clever , the right do n't have an electoral problem , or a problem getting their solutions on the table , and the left do . 
  you probably assumed that i 'm right-wing , writing this as a way of gloating ( or a reprise of my beliefs ) , but i 'm not , and that 's the sad thing . 
  the failure of the left has been evident for at least a decade - in some senses , for the last 20-30 years , but the crisis has certainly thrown their current intellectual sterility into sharp relief . 
  there 's been nothing in the left-wing response to the crisis that has n't basically involved denial - denial of the problems , denial of the solutions , denial of the rights of creditors , denial that there 's any other way than complete capitulation by everybody else to the rights of the perceived victims . 
   but fast lanes would indeed cause issues in place that only have adsl right now . 
  companies might only upgrade fast lanes and keep the slow connection slow . 
  yeah , that 's what i was thinking . 
  it does seem that the decision includes the idea of penalties for that in a vague sort of way , that isps have to provide some basic level of general service ? 
  network bandwidth and traffic are both quantifiable and measurable . 
  feigning scarcity would be difficult .
