  some , but not absolute . 
  here 's the two pics together : http://i63.tinypic.com/20atqc1.png you can see that ireland sort of shelters the area around liverpool , but there 's plenty of sea to the south and north of ireland allowing open access to the uk - and wind flows around ireland as well as over us . 
  you can see the effect here : http://www.coolgeography.co.uk/gcse/year11/weather,climate/rainfall%20types/uk%20precipitation.jpeg also shows how short a distance the heavy atlantic rain penetrates inland . 
  i 'm not sure what 's `` exactly '' about it , tbh . 
  hungary was criticised when its government made moves away from liberal democracy , the same is happening to poland . 
  the criticism is intended to put pressure on countries to reverse such moves . 
   what about hungary , why they are in eu , they were mocked for `` breaking '' democracy rules too . 
  neither country has been asked to leave , because neither country have overstepped the boundaries of what makes eu membership possible . 
  first , reductions in the independence of courts are always negative . 
  second , much depends on how much of a bulwark the constitutional court is in a given country . 
   yes , ` course , but atlantic is vast compared to the distance between england and belgium . 
  that does n't actually matter all that much . 
  the air can only pick up so much water no matter how far it travels . 
   is ireland as affected as england ? 
  quite similar - there are wind routes to the uk that avoid ireland . 
   if no , are the currents coming down on england that much more than belgium ? 
  usually - this will give you some idea : http://earth.nullschool.net/#current/wind/surface/level/orthographic=-8.01,52.82,1821 there 's also the important fact that belgium is low-lying , the netherlands even more so . 
   is it only me , or is england much more often flooded in recent years ? 
  warmer oceans -  more rain dumped on coastal countries . 
  ireland and the uk are first in line for extra rain from a warmer atlantic . 
  membership of the eu is available only to countries that follow the rules of the club , which include running a democracy . 
  the commission is the referee of those rules . 
  if a country chooses to break the rules of the club , the referee is duty-bound to point that out . 
   this is not really a good thing for the pro eu side . 
  the mere existence of eu participation will piss people off and will easily be used to push the anti eu narrative . 
  on top of that pretty much any information the commission attempts to push will be dismissed by a significant part of the population simply because of the source . 
  which is exactly why the telegraph is implying that the commission will be drowning the debate in money , even though the commission is highly unlikely to get involved , and the telegraph has no evidence that it plans to do so . 
  there 's no spending cap for the commission because it would be entirely inappropriate for the commission to get involved in domestic political affairs , something that the commission takes very seriously , and has done throughout its existence . 
  what is probable is that the commission will spend money , as it generally does , trying to correct public falsehoods about itself . 
  in theory , it might increase its activities on that front , but it 's more likely to reduce them in order not to allow the impression it 's involving itself . 
  the pro-brexit side , on the other hand , will repeatedly claim the commission is engaged in a massive propaganda campaign , whatever actually happens . 
   let 's not forget the little caveat that the second vote was made with a amendments to the lisbon treaty changing precisely those parts to which the irish judiciary opposed to ( or was it the government ? ) . 
  well , sort of - with a council guarantee that the clauses on commissioners would be interpreted a particular way , as a result of one of the more prominent no campaigns having made an issue of that aspect of the treaty . 
  there were no actual objections from the judiciary or government . 
   it 's not like ireland voted on the very same treaty again . 
  a case was taken arguing that the re-run was unconstitutional , and the government specifically chose to defend on the basis of it being the same treaty . 
  there is no constitutional bar to re-running * exactly * the same referendum a second time , or any number of times . 
  if people feel it should be voted no to , they can just keep voting no to it - it is n't as if the no votes somehow run out . 
   and , as you said , you could 've just refused to put up a referendum . 
  we could , and we could have voted no twice , as well . 
   this is the telegraph , so jose asking us to vote yes is most likely the extent of what they 're talking about . 
  as far as i recall , he did n't even go quite that far . 
  he said that he would welcome a yes vote . 
   they made you vote again after you voted no , remember ? 
  no , the government decided that . 
  the commission stayed extremely quiet during the referendum . 
  no country can be `` made '' to vote again - it 's always a choice by the national government whether it puts the question to referendum again . 
  if you think about it , the idea that ireland was `` made '' to vote again requires that the government did n't * want * to re-run the vote themselves , and were happy with the no result . 
  there 's no evidence for either of those points . 
  nor is re-running a referendum either unusual or improper . 
   brussels intervened with publicity activities in the referendum in croatia in 2012 , which led to the country joining the eu after voters backed membership , ** and in a referendum in ireland on the lisbon treaty in 2009 ** . 
  say what now ? 
   itt : noone has an idea what populism means . 
  and there 's quite a balanced article here : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/feb/17/problem-populism-syriza-podemos-dark-side-europe the summary might be that populism is valuable in opposition , perhaps particularly to consensus politics , but tends to be a bad thing in power . 
   in short , populism is an illiberal democratic response to undemocratic liberalism . 
  it criticises the exclusion of important issues from the political agenda by the elites and calls for their repoliticisation . 
  however , this comes at a price . 
  populism 's black and white views and uncompromising stand leads to a polarised society -- for which , of course , both sides share responsibility -- and its majoritarian extremism denies legitimacy to opponents ' views and weakens the rights of minorities . 
   besides this is not a matter of ` size ' , but a lag of political cohesion and centralization of power , that comes from gathering 28 independent states into one union . 
  one could reasonably make the point that the eu is `` less than the sum of its parts '' because it is designed that way . 
  the eu is not a federal super-state but a club of independent nations . 
  the resulting entity is a lot more powerful than any of its individual nations , and a lot less powerful than all of them would be as one single entity . 
  the extent to which the eu is more or less than the sum of its parts is dictated by the parts , because that 's what they want . 
  i 'm not really sure what the value of a comparison between the eu as desired by its member states and a notional eu which is a single european nation is , because nobody really wants the latter , even though it would be very powerful . 
  all the article really boils down to is that european nations need to cooperate to achieve a weight on the world stage equivalent to the other huge blocs , and i think everyone realises that - it 's a large part of why the eu exists at all . 
   if individual contries want stronger ties ( germany and france for an example ) they should achieve this through a different institution . 
  individual countries * have * wanted stronger ties , and the result is the current eu . 
  some countries would currently prefer weaker ties , primarily because their politicians would like to have had a freer hand during the crisis , in order to do things that did n't work in previous crises but which are nevertheless enduringly popular because they look like quick fixes . 
  interesting - google is getting us senators & congressmen to whose election campaigns it donates in the us to write to the ep on its behalf . 
  in the eu it 's funding thinktanks and university research favourable to its position . 
  i wonder if these are normal transatlantic differences in where lobbying money goes ... ? 
  your eu citizenship is entirely a corollary of national citizenship in an eu member state . 
  wonder what proportion of us citizens of irish descent still feel ` predominantly irish ' ? 
   it is a huge difference with hollande , for example . 
  he , somehow , managed to get what he wanted almost every single time , especially during the crisis with greece . 
  unfortunately , that feeds back into the british public consciousness as `` of course the french and germans get what * they * want '' with the assumption being not that they might have used diplomacy to get it , but that there 's somehow an anti-british bias baked into the eu . 
  as a result , there is n't any domestic pressure for the uk to actually get better at getting what it wants . 
   it 's just a matter of directing thought processes , that they do not and should not gain power over others with money . 
  i wonder if that 's something you can really ever prevent . 
   i 'm just hoping it 's not too late . 
  i do n't think it can ever be too late , really . 
  unregulated capitalism generates social tension , which in a democratic system with universal suffrage should produce political counter-forces . 
  but things do have to reach a point where there 's sufficient unhappiness to produce sufficient counter-force . 
  the question is how much unhappiness you can actually generate in a situation without acute material want . 
  if we all live as well as lords used to , do most of us care that some live like emperors or gods ? 
   capitalism , lobbying and centralisation is n't exactly solved by communism or its like , if anything it settles exactly within those principles in its own twisted way . 
  or perhaps simply to acknowledge that while capitalism has * fewer * problems than other systems , it still * has * problems - and rather than seeing those problems as some kind of necessary evil ( or even a virtue ) or denying they exist , setting out to fix them . 
  we already do this - we moderate capitalism 's tendency to concentrate wealth through redistributive taxation , we moderate the blind logic of markets through regulation . 
  the problem , it seems to me , is that we have increasingly bought into the idea that the less regulated capitalism is , the better it necessarily is . 
  that idea has been tested before , and it is just as bad an idea as the excessive regulation of the post-war period it 's currently a reaction to . 
  time for the pendulum to swing back , perhaps . 
  one possible guess is that while the chance of any random person from any given country hitting reddit is proportional to the internet population of that country , redditors probably arrive in clusters - once 1 person from a country arrives at reddit , he/she is likely to bring along some proportion of his/her online acquaintances , most likely of the same nationality - so the ` packet size ' of new users arriving at reddit is perhaps 4-5 . 
  assuming social group size does n't vary much by country size , the effect of that multiplier would be more dramatic for small countries ? 
  nb - have n't done the maths . 
  and the irish are , frankly , very heavy discussion forum users . 
  boards.ie is one of the world 's larger discussion forums . 
  the market is only providing solutions because of the pressure of government goals . 
  on its own , the market would quite cheerfully still be delivering nothing but fossil fuels . 
  markets do not , and can not , plan ahead . 
  they do not , and can not , price in externalities ( by definition ) .
