  now , one can view that as simply wrong - governments should be able to do whatever they like to companies , however unfair - and one can say that companies should simply bear such risks , tough for them - but i do n't think one can argue that such views * encourage * foreign investment , nor that they provide any kind of level playing field for foreign companies . 
   why should an arbitrator be chosen by a company ? 
  because arbitration is dispute settlement on the basis of equality of the two parties , requiring the agreement of both parties . 
  it 's a standard practice in the settlement of commercial disputes , particularly in international cases other than isds , and where arrangements are primarily governed by a contract . 
  because you 're both agreeing to submit to the judgement of the arbitrator ( s ) , it 's obviously important that the arbitrator ( s ) are n't chosen by just one side . 
  the number of arbitrators has to be odd - 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 etc - so that there ca n't be a tied outcome . 
  three is a common number , giving multiple opinions , more expertise , but a definite decision . 
  you could pick all three by mutual consent , but one each and one by mutual consent is common . 
  you could use courts rather than arbitration panels , but judges are unlikely to be expert in the specific business area involved , and the contract agreement between the parties is of greater relevance than statutes . 
  further , in international cases involving states , using a court requires that states are subject to the court , which means the creation of a supra-state international court - by and large , that 's not something governments want . 
   the law firms are n't exclusively bound to seek employment by isds courts . 
  and they will make less money if corporations do n't hire them because they fear ( or out of retribution ) they will not act ( or have not act ) in their interest because they decided against them in the past . 
  and since we have previously establish that governments are usually not the plaintiffs , why should a law firm cater to them . 
  those have no choice but to choose one of them . 
  heh , you 've considered isds/non-isds cases for companies , but ignored the same for governments . 
  the same logic still applies . 
  if you believe that companies can put pressure on law firms whose employees do n't find in their favour at isds hearings , governments can clearly do the same , and more . 
  there 's also a little problem with this whole theory - the evidence does n't support it . 
  only a third of isds cases have been decided in favour of companies over the half-century isds has been in use . 
  your theory implies that over 50 % of cases should go in favour of companies . 
   a ) as it is common in all nations that will be part of the ttip agreement . 
  those ai n't banana republics that are one coup d'eta away from socialism . 
  uk has no written constitution . 
   b ) a nations constitution is ultima ratio when it comes to settling disputes ( for example : did the legislation had the right to enact eminent doman on property x owned by foreign investor ? ) . 
  true most cases wo n't go so far , but the point is that ( western ) governments are not above their constitutions and can be held accountable by their constitutional courts . 
  that does n't address the point , which is that a lot of constitutions simply do n't say anything relevant to commercial affairs , and therefore are effectively irrelevant in commercial affairs . 
  by and large , constitutions were written as broad principles , and primarily concerned with social and political affairs , not commercial ones . 
  most commercial law is a combination of fiat and custom . 
  would you like to try to find out how many european commercial cases have involved constitutional issues ? 
  i 'm betting the number is very small indeed . 
   they wo n't hire law firms where the lawyers rule against them . 
  but the governments will . 
  and there - again - an exactly equal number of governments in isds cases as companies . 
   i have yet to see a western court that is allowed to go against its consitution . 
  you 're assuming ( a ) a written constitution ; and ( b ) that the constitution has anything to say about commercial cases . 
  the former is common but not universal , the latter is rare . 
   and all of those are interested in being chosen again ( for money ! ), 
  which makes them partial to the corpotations because they 're not chosen solely by the corporations !, 
  one is chosen by the corporation , one by the government , and one by mutual agreement . 
  an arbitrator who is partial to companies is going to get chosen by companies , sure , but he 's not going to get chosen by the governments . 
  it does n't matter who * starts * a case , there are * exactly * as many government-chosen arbitrators as there are company-chosen arbitrators , they 're going to get paid the same rates , and therefore there 's * exactly * as much advantage to an arbitrator in being pro-government as being pro-company . 
  this is simple arithmetic . 
  any given arbitrator can be biased , but it reduces his chance of being chosen by one side exactly as much as it increases his chance of being chosen by the other . 
  overall , it balances out , because there are exactly as many claimants ( companies ) as respondents ( countries ) . 
   when was the last time a state dragged a corporation infront of one of these courts ? 
  states drag corporations in front of their own national courts , where they set the rules . 
   so how do you explain the us not losing a single isds case under nafta whilst mexico and canada both had around the same percentage of losses ? 
  i 'm not sure it requires explanation - the total number of cases is so small that the statistics are meaningless . 
   did you read what i quoted ? 
  yes - projected market value minus an adjustment for the claimants ' own responsibility . 
  how would any court have assessed commercial damages ? 
  the award is not large simply because the arbitrators thought that would be funny - it 's large because russia expropriated a large high-value company , with a market cap of $ 33 billion . 
  the company was n't static or declining , but growing rapidly - growth to twice the original market cap is perfectly reasonable . 
  sure , there 's an element of judgement in making such an award , as there is in any commercial case - indeed , in any damages case , whether isds or breach of contract or libel - but these are n't made up numbers . 
  the court has to decide on a number , and the rationale is given - see pages 522-564 of [ the judgement ] ( http://www.pcacases.com/web/sendattach/418 ) . 
  the final number takes into account the claimants ' valuation of their losses ( they do n't just make up a number , they have to justify it ) , the respondents ' counter-claims , whether any punitive elements are involved , whether ( as in this case ) there has been contributory fault by the claimant , etc. 
  it is all there in the judgement , and i 'd suggest that you look at the judgement rather than believing what someone else write about it . 
  it 's hard to reconcile the claim you quoted that no rationale is given in the judgement with the fact that a rationale * is * given in the judgement . 
  it might also be worth pointing out that the permanent court of arbitration , which issued the ruling , is hardly some shady `` system of corporate lawyers '' , but established by treaty in 1899 . 
   why is n't this more common knowledge ? 
  i think the eu believes that when it puts stuff like this out into the middle of a hot debate , it would be pretty much self-publicising . 
  unfortunately , they 're wrong about that . 
  sure . 
  eu negotiating texts for ttip : http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1230 also , contacting the ttip negotiating team : http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/have-your-say/, 
   they can also still work in the field , which means they may well end up arbritrating a case in which one of their clients is involved ( conflict of interest apparently is n't a thing ) . 
  there are three arbitrators in an isds panel . 
  one is chosen by the company , one by the government , and the last by mutual agreement . 
  claims that isds panels will be `` by corporate lawyers for companies '' fall down on the simple arithmetic there . 
  a law firm that always finds for companies is never going to be picked by a government , and the government will reject it for the third arbitrator as well . 
  and the same the other way round . 
   what exactly did they base the number of 50 billion on ? 
  the market value of yukos ' assets . 
  i would have thought that was pretty obvious . 
   i 'm sorry , i expressed myself badly . 
  i meant that the country can easily change some law to completely avoid any fallout . 
  which is , in nutshell , the argument for isds . 
  the government can change the rules in its favour - and it can do so whether what it 's doing is fair and necessary , or unfair and unnecessary - a national court * has * to apply the rules set by the government . 
  yeah , and on that last we 're apparently disappointing the us :  us trade representative michael froman expressed disappointment on wednesday ( 22 april ) that the european commission has decided to let member states have ` opt-outs ' on imports of genetically-modified food and feed . 
   froman , who is america 's chief negotiator in the ongoing transatlantic trade and investment partnership ( ttip ) talks between the us and the eu , said the commission 's new proposals will allow member states to ignore science-based evidence and environmental facts . 
  yeah , i 'd have been kind of surprised if it had turned out that the us really did n't care - hence the `` apparently '' . 
  i 'd suggest reading the eu negotiating texts then : http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1230 they 're the eu 's version of what the final versions of chapters would look like , so they 'll give you a good idea of what 's likely to be up for discussion . 
  short of getting a seat at the negotiations yourself so you know everything the instant it happens , i 'm not sure what more you could reasonably look for . 
   if there 's a logical reason for this behaviour even if they were n't specifically hiding anything , i have n't heard it . 
  they 're specifically hiding the details of their positions from each other - and yes , that means also hiding them from the public , because what 's public is then known to the other party . 
  there 's another reason , which is that if everything is visible , then everything can be subject to public/media pressure - which sounds democratic , but is n't , because it usually means vested interests trying to scare the public . 
  i 've made this point before , but ireland and the uk went through several rounds of very unsuccessful and public negotiations over northern ireland before the good friday agreement was negotiated successfully in secret . 
  it was passed by referendum in ireland after the negotiations produced a deal , so it was undeniably democratic , even though it was as secret as ttip while it was being negotiated . 
  similarly , ttip will have to be voted into force by the european parliament and the us houses at the least . 
  but most likely by every member state parliament as well , plus referendums if anyone decides to do so . 
  that 's a process that will take a minimum of a year ( as will the legislative process in the us ) . 
  by the way , the eu makes its negotiating texts available , and is trying to make consolidated texts available to national parliaments ( meps can already see them ) . 
   how is ttip a free-trade agreement ? 
  if it were one , it 'd eliminate all tariffs and trade restrictions , no ? 
  it 's free trade in the sense that it 's freer than the current situation , although you 're entirely right that it 's not completely free trade . 
  i doubt there 's any free trade agreement which is completely free . 
   if you instead allowed people to give democratic input during the negotiation phase , the chance of getting a deal that will pass is much , much higher . 
  well : 1 . you can make a direct submission : http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/have-your-say/ 2 . your organisation can sign up for the civil society dialogue : http://trade.ec.europa.eu/civilsoc/register.cfm 3 . you can also phone them : 00800 67891011 from anywhere in the eu what exactly did you want in the way of democratic input ? 
  parliaments to vote on it as it goes along - as the ep did ? 
   anyway , so the acceptance of dangerous us car standards will not lie on national or eu governments , but instead on some vague `` mechanism '' in the ttip which will be highly influenced by the us and their lobbyists ? 
  i call that unacceptable for my country .
