  that is an unstable arrangement . 
   you 're automatically assuming that every claim is reasonable , and the assesment is always reasonable . 
  the fact that the companies get on average 10 % of their claims shows that the claims are n't - again , * on average * - reasonable , and are reduced . 
   you 're trying to prove that courts like that wo n't be unreasonable , but a percentage of claims awarded does n't prove that because of the reasons i 've explained . 
  no , i 'm pointing out that the arbitration panels obviously do not simply act in favour of companies and their claims , which what you originally implied . 
  if they did , the panels would be awarding far a higher percentage of company claims . 
  there is a clear implication in referring to the arbitration panels as `` three corporate lawyers '' ( as you did ) that such panels are on the side of the companies - otherwise , what 's the point of the comment ? 
  why not say `` three persons of arbitrary hair colour '' ? 
  but isds panels do not automatically rule in favour of companies , nor do they award the companies what the companies would like - on the contrary , they rule in their favour only a third of the time , and award them a tenth of what they 're asking for . 
  that can only be considered as heavily favouring corporate interests if one assumes that really none of the cases taken by companies should have resulted in any compensation . 
   that would violate equality before the law , being a discrimination based on nationality . 
  it would fail both before the ecj and the echr , and before the constitutional court of all states . 
  companies do not have a nationality , and do not have the same rights as real persons before the law as a general rule - you 're trying to apply legal principles which are n't applicable . 
   no , it is n't , and even if we were planning to do it anyway then we would simply break the ttip treaty first ... 
  the point is that it would be legal at the moment despite being obviously discriminatory . 
  because it would be legal , there would currently be no recourse for the company affected . 
  what ttip would change is not to make it illegal to make such a law , but to provide for compensation for those affected by it . 
   and they should be . 
  we should be free to impose any restrictions on trade we want , no matter how insane . 
  we do n't exist to serve the needs of international business . 
  restrictions on trade are invariably to the benefit of specific private interests . 
   exactly , so the percentage of claims awarded is meaningless . 
  it 's meaningful in aggregate for the purpose it was used for . 
  i suspect the problem here may lie with an attitude that no compensation claim by a company is ever reasonable , which is n't a view i 'd share . 
   if the eu courts are going to be unfair , the ttip is going to be unfair too because it 's the eu negotiating it . 
  that makes absolutely no sense at all , i 'm afraid . 
   we have exactly the same provisions in the eu : national courts test the national laws on national constitutions , which naturally include many basic rights , and if people are n't satisfied yet they can appeal to european courts , who will test it against the european treaties . 
  that should be completely adequate for even the most demanding investor . 
  again , i do n't think you understand the basic principle at work here . 
  say the eu states get together and decide that they 'd like to nobble google because it 's american . 
  they write a law that says `` google must give everyone in the eu free puppies every wednesday because they 're yanks '' ( or , more sensibly , `` us search providers must host all searches performed in the eu on specified equipment bought from european suppliers and hosted in eu data centres - eu companies may do what they like '' ) . 
  now , there 's nothing in that which is in breach of the eu treaties , and nothing in national constitutions either . 
  it 's a legally acceptable law by all constitutional provisions in the eu ( which have incredibly little to say about companies ) , and will not fail at any court level in the eu . 
  however , it 's manifestly unfair to google , but * there is no recourse for google because this is fully legal in the eu * . 
  any court in the eu that google goes to has no option but to say `` well , toughski '' whatever their view might be . 
  all current restraints on trade between the eu and us , however artificial they may be , and even if their purpose is purely to act as a defensive barrier to each other 's companies ( as is often the case ) are currently legal . 
   i 'm just illustrating that the demands need n't be reasonable , so a small percentage of a completely unreasonable demand still can be more than should be . 
  besides , jurisprudence evolves . 
  the point is : should we give that power out of hands of our own courts without an option to finetune it if the situation requires it in the future ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the amount claimed and the amount awarded are not related in the simplistic way you envisage . 
  if a demand is unreasonable , then it will be reduced until it is reasonable . 
  the more unreasonable the demand , the more it will be reduced . 
   that 's what we have the european courts for . 
  you know , i did think of adding the point i now have to make , but assumed that the principle was clear enough not to need it . 
  apparently not , so : eu courts have the same issue from the perspective of a us investor - the eu can decide something which is unfair to them , and eu courts have to apply it . 
  this is * exactly * the same issue as national courts have - if the law of the land is unfair on somebody , the courts nevertheless have to apply it . 
  whether that 's eu law or national law , just to be quite clear . 
   aww . 
  are the little investors scared ? 
  i really do n't see what they 're scared of , eu members need to comply with minimum judiciary standards already . 
  if those are n't good enough , then we should do something about those judicidiary institutions , because there are bloody eu citizens living there , and do they not deserve the comfort of legal security too ? 
  this is * not * about whether courts in the eu or us are * fair * in their application of law . 
  it is about whether the laws they apply are fair . 
  unless you 're going to claim that law is necessarily fair by definition - in which case i look forward to your defence of slavery legislation amongst many others . 
   if there are no differences then either party can already adapt its standards to the other - they 'll gain an export market , and if what you say is true , lose nothing because it 's functionally equivalent . 
  so that can happen without ttip just as easily . 
  it could happen piecemeal without ttip , sure - but the detail differences in equivalent eu/us standards are there largely in order to * be * a non-tariff barrier to trade . 
  some kind of effort like ttip is needed . 
   in addition , if laws change either the mutual recognition will remain , so we have no control more over what is allowed on the market . 
  or we 'll be forbidden to change it at all . 
  mutual recognition is a common practice in the eu ( for example mutual recognition of driving licences , professional qualifications ) , and does not prevent legislative changes . 
  it does n't even prevent changes which remove the basis for mutual recognition - the government can do it , with the downside being that standards are no longer mutually recognised . 
  you look at all this as if it gets written down on stone tablets for all time , and applied in the most literal and restrictive way no matter how absurd - and that 's not ever the case for any treaty . 
   you said that isds would be redundant if governments had no power over companies anymore . 
  therefore , isds reduces the power of governments . 
  isds is a compensation mechanism for when government powers are exercised unfairly . 
  if there were no government powers , there would be no need for a compensation mechanism for their exercise . 
  this is * very * simple logic , and the opposite of what you 're trying to read into it . 
   according to the opinion of three lawyers in business law . 
  which , i point out again , produces only a 31 % win rate for companies , and only an average 10 % of claimed compensation . 
   that did n't stop the eu from implementing neoliberal policy before . 
  so it 's time to show disagreement with that in order to alert our representatives and make them pay appropriate attention to the issue . 
  if one disagrees with it , obviously . 
   irrelevant . 
  it suffices that one company was sueing for an absurd amount of money to make a point so reduce that % to 0,0001 % . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what that means , tbh . 
  but one company * suing * for an absurd amount of money ! = winning that amount . 
   the problem is that we already have a perfectly adequate and functioning court system in national states and backed up by the eu . 
  no , i do n't think you understand . 
  eu court systems can be as perfect as possible without changing the need for isds , because national courts can only apply national law . 
  if the government makes a law that is discriminatory and unfair , the national courts still have to apply it . 
   and a set-up which is nevertheless likely to be changed to something more government-friendly in ttip . 
  details : http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1364  the minimum required is nothing , so that 's untrue . 
  sigh . 
  the minimum required to comfort investors is not nothing . 
  the minimum you personally would like to see done for them is . 
  but the world is not you . 
   ... judged by an ad-hoc panel of lawyers specializing in business law , with not accountability whatsoever to anyone or anything but the ttip treaty . 
  a set-up which has delivered only a 31 % win rate for companies , for compensation averaging 10 % of what they were looking for - and a set-up which is nevertheless likely to be changed to something more government-friendly in ttip . 
  again , it seems to be necessary to point out that ttip is being negotiated by governments for governments - companies are not at the negotiating table , are not setting the negotiating mandate , are not voting on the outcome . 
  isds is being provided in the deal as a comfort mechanism for companies , and it 's pretty bizarre that people believe those governments are happily negotiating away their powers over companies when they 're not even facing companies in the negotiations . 
  governments will do the minimum required , not the maximum possible . 
  i think you have a lot of reading to catch up on . 
   that is simply wrong . 
  if standards are mutually recognized then companies can retain access to the market by exporting from either signatory , so we 'll effectively get the worst of all standards among the signatories . 
  i do n't think you understand what `` standards are mutually recognised '' means - that the standards are the same in terms of outcome . 
  you are therefore talking about `` the worst '' of two equivalent standards , which is like saying `` the smaller of two equivalent amounts '' . 
   so you admit that isds reduces the power of governments to do what companies do not like . 
  no , my learned friend , i did n't say anything that can sensibly be construed that way .
