  over the next decade i expect to see increased european engagement in africa , mostly under the banners of ` stability ' , ` democracy ' , and muscular humanitarianism - the germans are already muttering about making more use of their armed forces , the french and the brits are already engaging . 
  this is a multi-polar world again , and the old imperial countries are all flexing their muscles in their former playgrounds . 
  i ca n't see that russia alone is to be condemned for it . 
  fair points , and , again , please do n't just assume i 'm indulging in the whole `` us bad '' schtick . 
  historically , though , neither the us nor european countries have cared all that much whether their regional allies are liberal democracies . 
  i can see the us being happier with a democratic ukraine in western orbit , but i think it 's the latter that 's more important to them . 
  after all , the phone call deals with the us ' decisions on who they feel should form ukraine 's coalition government , and while there 's an obvious preference there for ` moderate democrats ' , there 's no suggestion there that their presence is some kind of make or break point . 
  the ft has an article referring to a report that suggests the whole claim is overblown . 
  only a few companies have large energy bills , and the majority of those get some kind of assistance . 
  for most of the eu 's economy , energy bills are 1 % or less of their costs . 
  ft article : http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/59e564a2-8f13-11e3-be85-00144feab7de.html this is the report : http://climatestrategies.org/research/our-reports/category/73/382.html, 
  eh , i did n't say he was a good guy . 
  i just do n't see that the us cares that much about those things when you 're on their side . 
  pretty much . 
  that 's better . 
  now i can laugh myself to sleep instead . 
  thanks and goodnight !, 
  awfully sorry , but i have to go cry myself to sleep now . 
  sure . 
  the eu ( as a bloc ) is n't intervening , which is what the us thinks it * should * be doing , that 's all . 
  intervention - active , and immediate - does tend to be the us reflex when their interests are concerned , and is always justifiable under those circumstances . 
  note that i 'm not saying it 's the us reflex under * all * circumstances , because it is n't . 
  another us poster brought up the point that the us intervention in libya and mali was n't us-driven , but french-led , and to some extent the same with syria . 
  that 's part of my point - those countries are not us interests , but traditionally french ones , and the somewhat over-extended us had no interest in intervention , while the french did . 
  ukraine , however , seems to be a us interest . 
  the only obvious explanation for that is that it is a russian satellite state . 
  the us did n't care about mali or libya , nor much about syria , but ukraine starts wobbling and suddenly the us is terrifically interested , and hacked off that the eu wo n't join in . 
  but people do n't seem to join those dots the same way i do . 
  is there another explanation why this russian client state is of more interest to the us than mali , libya or syria ? 
  i 'm open to suggestions as to what us interests are involved here * other * than weakening russia . 
  edit/judging by the downvotes , some people do n't like this suggestion at all . 
  perhaps instead of trying to downvote it away , they could provide an alternative , even if that alternative is a claim that the us just really loves democracy . 
  i 'm not , i 'm afraid . 
  i 'm certainly old enough to have seen the `` you must be naive if you do n't agree with me '' line many times . 
  i was well over voting age before the end of the cold war . 
  when the us says that putin 's leadership is `` regressive '' most of what is meant is that he 's not acting like the client state or negligible power russia seemed it might become before he took the reins . 
  well , i 'm a brit living in ireland , so hearing my birth nation run down is pretty much daily fodder , and has been for decades . 
  sure , the us does have a lot of blood on its hands , but just because most of the stuff on ours is dry does n't mean it 's not there - and in cases of blood though inaction , we share quite a lot of the same stains , like rwanda . 
  having said that , do n't know if i really consider blood on our hands through inaction as a thing * here * . 
  look at it this way - if we go toe to toe with russia , and gazprom starts messing around with the gas supplies to eastern europe , i can pretty much guarantee you that more people will die than have died in the ukraine . 
  and those people will be eu citizens , and the ukrainians are n't . 
  we do n't owe them just because they 'd like to get into the eu - we owe our own people . 
  maybe that 's a little cold , but if we 're using corpses as counting chips , that 's the way they stack . 
  i did n't say we do n't . 
  like i said , it 's no actual skin off the eu 's nose that people are dying in the ukraine , and if the eu feels its interests are best served by waiting they can go on dying . 
  my position is , at best , amoral , and my main issue with us intervention is that it will probably result in making it more difficult for the eu to get what it wants . 
  if that 's a high horse , you must be looking from a very low vantage point . 
   so the us 's private view ( and honestly , the british , french , dutch , and most scandinavian governments share this same view ) is that the eu is a useless and toothless organization that can not handle a crisis , so when they 're mentioned as potential sources of help in ending the violence in kiev , the natural response is `` fuck them '' . 
  that 's a little confused . 
  the eu does n't have any foreign policy except what 's agreed by the member states , on an intergovernmental basis . 
  that 's why the eu often does n't have a foreign policy , because one or more member states have vetoed action . 
  bit like the un , but with 28 members of the permanent security council . 
  so if the british , french , dutch , and most scandinavian governments find the eu toothless in foreign policy , it 's because they 've chosen not to give it teeth , something i imagine they 're well aware of . 
  but you might also be foolish to act as if it did pose an immediate threat when it does n't . 
  the only threat ukraine poses is that it might fall back more definitively into russia 's orbit , which is n't a very big threat unless we assume that the moment russia gets more influence over the ukraine than it currently has ( and it does , after all , currently already have a lot ) it will suddenly become a danger to the eu - and i do n't think that 's the way it will go . 
  the threat is actually the other way - the eu , by being attractive , and by offering an agreement that would give it closer relations with the ukraine , threatens russia . 
  russia * has * to act , the eu has in effect * already * acted . 
  i 'm not convinced that direct action in response to russian counter-measures is the best course , particularly since we did n't even get to the position whereby we forced russia to act by waving a big stick . 
  what we were doing , and what we were offering , will still be on the table , and the ukraine still able to take it ... unless russia is forced to reassert imperial control . 
  and if they do that , neither the eu nor the us will stop them , and we can redo our conversation about appeasement , with you as defender . 
  i 'm not blind to the fact that interests are colliding , nor that russia is getting itself back together . 
  sure , the nice treaty let in a load of countries which were n't ready for eu membership for exactly those reasons - get them in the door before russia got its act together . 
  and we 're still digesting that - we 're not ready to take on ukraine . 
  so from an eu perspective , it makes sense to wait . 
  if the ukraine has to be in the russian orbit , that 's probably ok too . 
  we 're not in an existential fight , and i think you think we are . 
  er , no , you 're misinterpreted ` better ' as ` stronger ' there , which i think has again to do with your geostrategic lens . 
  we want a better russia in the sense of `` better neighbour '' , ideally one with a nice strong market economy and democratic government . 
  someone we can do business with . 
  so while there 's a geostrategic aim alright , and one which includes weakening russian influence over europe 's neighbours , it 's not simply about weakening russia as an opponent . 
  that 's a specifically us view of the situation , which can be taken because the us is far away . 
  i do n't see how that 's a rose-tinted view . 
  it 's just a different view of what suits europe . 
  it 's intended to increase european influence , certainly , and yes that obviously means less influence for russia , but the * goal * is n't weakening russia - again , you can think like that because you 're at a distance . 
  we do n't want a weak russia , we want a * better * russia . 
  i think you see things through a very specific and limited geostrategic lens , but on the other hand it may just be that seeing a difference between strengthening europe and weakening russia is a particularly eurocentric perspective . 
  i guess it 's kind of the point of nato , after all . 
  but the eu is not dedicated to not letting people ( well , non-eu citizens ) die in the streets . 
  if the eu 's best interests are served by waiting , then the fact that ukrainians are dying does n't change that . 
  i would n't for a moment discard hard power , but north korea has to starve itself , lie to its people , and wall itself in iron just to resist that soft power . 
  the eu was looking for a trade agreement , something it has with virtually all it 's neighbours . 
  that certainly prompted the issue , but i doubt that was the intention . 
  i 'm not ignoring the problem , but from that perspective it 's not a soluble problem , because we ca n't prevent russia from interfering , except by beating russia to a bloody pulp . 
  we can probably make them back off , but you do n't make russia back off by going in with the big stick , because they ca n't afford to lose face like that . 
  sure , they did n't start anything here , but a ukraine detached from russia and in the orbit of the us ' european allies weakens russia . 
  and that does seem to be a persistent us goal despite the end of the cold war . 
  to show that we have genitalia like donkeys and stop people talking smack about us , yo . 
  just possibly we should actually wait for ukraine to sort its shit out . 
  no , soft power ca n't stop shooting once you 've got to that stage . 
  what it can do is provide reasons for the shooting not to start ( again ) , and for the peace to stick . 
  and we 're not at the shooting stage in the ukraine . 
  the eu is already using its soft power , and i think it 's pretty clear that russia and ukraine take it very seriously . 
  no offence , i hope , but i really do n't think you get the idea of soft power . 
  it 's * not * using trade weight as a stick because you 're afraid to use military force as a stick . 
  that 's just trying to use soft power tools to do the job of hard power , with the same intentions and general strategy . 
  we can not * force * ukraine to want to be engaged with the eu , and having ukraine willingly engaged with the eu is what we want . 
  we * might * be able to force them not to engage in a customs union with russia , which is what you appear to want , but that 's not the same thing . 
  and , really , that 's actually up to the ukrainians , it 's not up to us to force them , and to do so we would have to lose a good part of the ethos that makes the ukrainian people want engagement with us in the first place . 
  what we want is a democratic ukraine willingly engaged with the eu , and we can not force that to happen - i would have thought the us experiences in iraq and afghanistan would make that clear , and the ukraine is n't different just because the people involved look more like us . 
  it 's not about the cold war , and i strongly suspect that us meddling is going to turn out to be less than helpful to anyone .
