  dragging boats back to north africa etc. 
  the european public has n't really shown that will . 
  as / u/nialma says :  for mideastern problems to stay there and happen to muslims , that is the goal , it 's that nobody knows how to achieve that . 
  the problem is that for that to happen requires a high degree of ruthlessness . 
  i do n't think we 're any more or less ruthless than we used to be , but we are very much better informed , which makes the suffering of others more immediate to us . 
  not a lot , and most of that ` unconventional ' , but growing . 
   most people see france as an ally since the entente cordiale , also the amount of british blood that was spilt in the liberation of france during wwii . 
  true . 
  they 've been on the same side in over a century of wars , plus there was the anglo-french joint dominion in egypt . 
   the uk and china comparison is a debated ranking ? 
  sure . 
  not on chinese home ground , but at an equidistant point ( me , for example ) it 's by no means a foregone conclusion . 
   i think debatable until we get our aircraft carriers and f-35 's . 
  it 's not a very debated ranking , unlike , say , the uk and china comparison . 
   the uk provided logistical and medical help to the french during the mali conflict and the uk and france have signed security partnerships that go far beyond nato . 
  very true - in fact , if the uk stays in the eu , franco-british military cooperation would almost certainly form the nucleus and backbone of any sort of eu force . 
  not that i think there would be an actual `` eu army '' in the foreseeable future , but the dovetailing of capacities to increase the effectiveness of any combined european force would follow the pattern established by the uk and france . 
   to be honest we are closer to france than the us now it will take a good while for that to permeate through the british psyche , i think . 
  makes my feet itch . 
   nah , the uk does n't contribute much in the way of strength . 
   we are first or second most powerful military in the eu ... 
  the fuck are you on ? 
  first , with france second , and those two are basically the only ones with global projection capability . 
  they 're the only european countries in the top 5 militarily . 
  plus the uk has huge diplomatic and espionage networks . 
  on the flip side , its foreign policy interests often do n't fit with those of the rest of the eu . 
  fair enough . 
  we each pick up on the bits of posts that interest us , i guess . 
   you know , because it was totally russia that drained us dry all these years , not the european commision and the european central bank , under advice of its neoliberal lackeys . 
  the eu loaned greece money to repay money greece had already spent and could n't repay , or wanted to spend and could n't borrow anywhere . 
  they have lent greece no money it did n't ask for , and they have lent it at rates well below market . 
  that 's a strange definition of `` sucked dry '' you 're using , and a strange definition of `` neoliberal '' . 
  not saying there are n't irish people saying exactly the same thing - there are . 
  they 're equally wrong - people getting pissed at the people who lend them money to repay their outstanding debts , because they 'd rather not repay them at all . 
  i think that was more trichet than the ecb to the extent that the difference is meaningful . 
  it seems likely draghi would have acted differently . 
  the opposite is true it causes short term pain and long term gains . 
  a weak currency will lead to import substitution in the medium term and to higher exports in the long term . 
  that rather assumes that import substitution is always possible . 
  it also ignores all of greece 's pre-euro history of weak currency , which entirely failed to do what you say it would . 
   federal us taxation is ~ 25 % of gdp and the variation in spending levels between rich and poor states is ~ 5 % of gdp , so a variation of roughly 20 % of federal spending . 
  that 's the case now , but the author is making the point that it 's relatively recent ( since the thirties ) whereas the dollar has been in existence since 1790 . 
  so for roughly ten times the period the euro has been in existence , the dollar would n't have qualified as an oca , yet somehow failed to implode . 
   to me it just seems like he 's arguing that eu technocrats will be better at handling monetary policy than the countries themselves , which to be fair might be true . 
  it 's more a case of supposedly ` independent ' national central banks being open to political pressure ( and groupthink ) . 
  ours certainly was . 
  sure - no one person gets all the way through making a drawing in paint without mental collapse . 
  lucky it was a simple drawing , or the body count would be higher . 
  tbh , i think we 're using the islamic world for that . 
   russian influence is very small and on the extremes of the spectrum . 
  we 're mostly influenced by the us . 
  that 's true enough , and the idea that us influence is benign while russian influence is malign is n't one that should be taken on faith . 
  i do n't think the concerns over russian influence are an attempt to unite people in fear . 
  i think they 're concerns over russian influenc, 
   i do n't worry about the russians , i 'm worried about internal politics . 
  that external states like the us and russia influence us is only natural . 
  russian funding is aimed at encouraging internal politics , though . 
   we 're perfectly capable of destroying what we have ourselves as we 've shown the past years . 
  we do n't need russians for that . 
  on the other hand , that 's not a reason for the russians to give it a helping hand . 
  maldives sink due to climate change . 
  pope declares act of god . 
  your move . 
  naoise and neasa - which one 's the girl ? 
  you decide !, 
  girls ; aoibhinn ( eeving ) , blanaid ( blonnad ) , aibe ( allbay ) , aine ( awn-yeh ) , beibhinn ( bevin ) , dearbhail ( derv-la ) ... the list goes on and on . 
  even the variants on common names , like peadar for peter , take some doing if you 're not used to them . 
  peadar is kind of pronounced like `` pad - ar '' , but it 's really a soft `` dh '' kind of `` th '' rather than a 'd ' - so padh-ar . 
  media that is n't government-owned is nothing to do with the rule of law in a country . 
  if an eu country 's privately owned press prefers not to report on something , that 's something the eu has neither a mandate nor any powers to do anything at all about . 
  i 'm not sure even a national press ombudsman would be able to do anything about it , because you ca n't dictate what privately owned media publish . 
  if you can , then you do have problems with the rule of law . 
   being conceited , only works if you have a clue what your are talking about . 
  indeed . 
   my interpretation that austerity on its own , was counterproductive . 
  contracted $ 1.50 for every $ 1 . 
  the second does not imply the first , though , unless you think that austerity should be either expansionary or neutral , and nobody sensible thinks that . 
  so what you 're actually saying is that the imf may have got their multiplier wrong . 
  and , similar to the oca point , you 've picked a single particular piece of research that says they got it wrong , and are treating it as established fact . 
  i 'm not sure whether you 've read the research in question ( i have ) , but it 's not an official pronouncement by the imf saying `` oh no we got it wrong '' . 
  it 's a research paper by two imf researchers saying that the imf might have got it wrong . 
  but the researchers are not necessarily right simply because they think the official multiplier might be wrong . 
   good germans bad south . 
  wealth transfer that is pretty much what you were saying . 
  paying bondholders in a non-sestemic bank is not getting ` your act together ' . 
  if the money from the public goes into banks and then goes to bondholders ; hedge fund , banks , private investors etc. . that is a wealth transfer . 
  you still havent explained why a private periphery citizen should pay for the bad bets of bondholder , who exchanged return for risk . 
  tough shit . 
  40 % of which were german and french institutions . 
  ... and there 's that 37 % figure from paul staines , * again * - now rounded up to 40 % . 
  from bad to worse . 
   in an interview with rte 's morning ireland , mr mody said there were three options at the time the imf/eu/ecb essentially took over the reins at the irish economy introducing $ 67.5 bn in bailout loans -- make bondholders pay some of the cost , extreme concessional official funding or lastly , austerity . 
  the thing is , though , that * all * of those * were * done . 
  bondholders were burned to the sum of about $ 16bn , we had $ 62.5 bn in extremely concessional official funding , and we had as a result , markedly reduced austerity . 
  the original idea at the time of the bailout was indeed for nothing but austerity - no bondholder burning , official funding at markets rates - but that 's not what was actually implemented . 
  how do people not know this ? 
   you cant be keynesian half the time . 
  firstly mid 30s to the mid 60s , heavily keynesian , greatest period of growth in human history . 
  well , hmm . 
  while i agree that keyensian strategies produce more sustained growth , whereas neo-liberal ones produce fast feverish growth followed by massive wipe-outs , i think picking the period you 're looking at has a high risk of large confounding factors .
