   committing to a loose confederation is great , committing to a consolidated/centralized supranational union is great , but you ca n't do both without failing at both . 
  on the other hand , you can do neither quite successfully , and neither of those is what 's wanted ... 
  i do take your point , but that 's the way it is . 
  we ca n't just wish a different eu into existence , because when you take * all * the relevant wishes into account , what you wind up with is what the eu is . 
  and personally , i guess i do n't really see it as unclear . 
  it 's a framework for joint action between the member states , where powers that the member states agree are best exercised jointly are put into the joint keeping of the eu institutions . 
  the purpose of the eu institutions , then , is ( a ) to allow effective joint action by the governments , and ( 2 ) to provide the citizens with effective checks on those joint actions , which are hard ( or meaningless ) to check singly at the national level . 
  the competences of the eu are therefore a patchwork , with a couple of big solid areas like the single market , and a whole host of bits and pieces like pet passports and sports promotion - because those are the areas the member states consider as more effectively handled through the joint framework . 
  dull , right ? 
  so people keep trying to fit some kind of exciting , engaging , world-changing meaning onto it , because otherwise it 's about as inspiring as a tax circular . 
  they keep being disappointed , though , because the reality is as i 've put it - it 's a european joint action framework , with democratic controls built in as required when powers are handed over to it . 
  it 's not really a `` thing in itself '' , and the eurosceptic superstate-bogeyman projected onto it by the likes of the telegraph is just as much a fantasy as the federalist dreams of the same . 
  reding can talk all she likes , but she ca n't make it happen , even if she gets another term as commisisoner . 
  and i suspect she knows that , too , so i 'd take her pronouncement with a bigger pinch of salt than waterfield is doing in the article ( but then , he knows his readership ) . 
  she 's really only calling for the federalistically inclined to get out and vote in opposition to the nationalists . 
  i 'm not sure you can really beat us for our economic incompetence back in the eighties , to be honest - but then , we irish often pride ourselves on just how bad we are . 
  when we 're up , we 're the best ever , when we 're down , we 're the worst ever . 
  but we were genuinely dreadful then , and to say that the whole country from top to bottom was a mire of backwards-looking anti-business sentiment is not much of an exaggeration . 
  conditions now as opposed to then ... hard to say . 
  looking forward , as a qualified environmental scientist , there 's some fairly stiff limits that ca n't be ignored ( or , rather , whose * effects * ca n't be ignored no matter how far we bury our heads in the sand ) - but outside that , and assuming a measure of business as normal , i would n't see that conditions are significantly different . 
  recessions always seem like they 'll leave a permanent scar on the economy , but they never have as yet , and when you 've been through two or three of them ( as i have ) , they begin to seem like temporary rough patches rather than world-changing events . 
   and that 's my whole point . 
  the jobs being created are sub par and the better educated and ambitious people are leaving slovenia instead of starting a business here for obvious reasons . 
  nobody can blame them . 
  there is no way we compete with the many opportunities lets say germany provides for the better educated . 
  it 's easier to go and join a big successful company there than it is to create something here and in the long term that can be catastrophic for the structure of our society . 
  it 's a complex problem but i 'm of the opinion that we and many others joined the union too soon . 
  i do take your point , but , again , what i 'm saying to you is that ireland had exactly those issues in our early years of membership - not only that , we kept those problems going for ourselves with some genuinely hair-brained economic policies . 
  our emigration rate was up to 60,000 annually , mostly graduates , for nearly two decades . 
  what we found , though , was that economic opportunities did pick up in ireland , and that irish people came home when that happened ( i 'm a returned emigrant myself ) , because people * like * being in their own country . 
  and they returned with experience and foreign connections that were massively helpful to the country . 
  so what i 'm saying is that this period where you feel like a small town that has just been connected by road to the capital really is temporary , and the longer-term effects ( within the decade or so ) are positive . 
  ( of course , when things do pick up , remember not to let your government blow it all , as ours did - although even after that piece of stupidity , we 're still multiples better off than we were 20 years ago . ), 
  and there will be social change , too , but social change is inevitable as well - about the only thing you can do to stem it is take the north korea option . 
   yes , but the only way a united states of europe is going to happen is by the officials and voters being honest with their intentions and goals . 
      and that means concrete commitments and goals , not some vague `` ever , closer union '' that happens gradually over time . 
      this gradual federalization ... it 's not good ... it 's slow , but since there 's not a lot of pr surrounding it , since it does n't feel like watershed moments , the citizenry feel like it 's a sudden change , a sudden usurping of their national sovereignty , even though it 's not . 
  you understand what i mean ? 
      the european union needs better pr and to make the citizenry feel more involved , to actually voice it 's true goal of federalization , not some vague `` ever , closer union '' which will in no doubt alienate many in the future and cause problems to bubble underneath the surface . 
      but there 's a roadblock , and that 's a identity crisis that europe is facing , because the european union does n't know what it is , so it does n't know how to market itself to the citizenry . 
  since it does n't know how to market itself , communication is harder , and since communication is harder , you have the problems i listed above . 
  but the aspiration to `` ever closer union '' on the basis of baby steps taken only when they seem appropriate , and resulting in an eu that does n't really have a defining vision of itself * is * being honest . 
  that * is * what 's happening , and it 's happening because some kind of federalising `` big bang '' is n't a card any government or electorate is interested in seeing on the table . 
  that 's what makes reding 's statements so counter-productive . 
  sure , we could do with a vision of where the eu * should * be aiming for , but in terms of policy orientation first , and architecture second . 
  then possibly you may not be explaining what bothers you clearly - or even not understanding it clearly yourself . 
  as far as i can see you 're fundamentally complaining about change , and change which is actually long-term positive ... at least in an economic sense , although there 's more to life than economics . 
   the cheap goods are flooding our markets and we are struggling to compete . 
  the overall trade figures do demonstrate that overall the less developed countries are n't losing out by the process . 
  some particular industries will lose out once the markets are open , and others will prosper , but on balance you 're gaining more than you 're losing . 
  that 's what the trade figures tell you , so , yes , they directly contradict your story that you 're overall losing out . 
  so do the historical examples - i 'm irish , and when we joined the eu , * we * were the poor peripheral market . 
  now we 're one of the rich old countries you 're complaining about . 
  yes , we lost certain industries ( sugar beet and some of our native brands ) , and gained others ( biotech and hi tech ) , and in the process we also found that the quality , availability , and price of pretty much everything improved dramatically . 
  that 's how trade works . 
  it 's a little painful for those industries and companies that have only survived because they 've been sheltered by market barriers , but overall , the outcome is an improvement . 
   as it is today it really creates a whole lot of problems for local economies because it drains the higher educated workers and injects cheaper goods into an economy that has no way of competing . 
  both of these effects are good for the more developed nations and really bad for the new members . 
  the main costs in nearly everything now is wages - as a result , the new accession countries are more competitive than the older ones . 
  if you look at the trade stats , you 'll see that without exception , all of the new accession states have increased their share of exports inside the eu since entry , so i do n't think the simple story about poor defenceless new countries being drowned by cheap products from older member states holds up in the face of facts . 
  you can get trade figures from here : http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/portal/page/portal/international_trade/data/main_tables, 
  but they ca n't , currently , and wo n't be able to unless the countries agree to it . 
  austria called for eu refugee quotas in october , and some european countries have agreed to take quotas of syrian refugees , but the agreement to do so was voluntary and under the auspices of the un , not the eu . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/02/world/europe/special-quotas-for-syrian-refugees.html?_r=0 http://www.novinite.com/view_news.php?id=154925, 
  i think that confuses free movement with movement free of border controls . 
  schengen - the freedom from border controls - is only possible because countries are committed to free movement . 
  norway is part of schengen because free movement is part of the acquis it is required to accept as part of its deal with the eu through the eea , for access to the single market - it would otherwise make no sense . 
  schengen is not a free-standing arrangement . 
  it is built on top of free movement , which is part of the eu acquis . 
  not really , because the commissioners are supposed to be - and , to be fair , have always been seen to be - non-national in their work . 
  the council is more the senate - upper house , representation of each state - but without the exact parity between states on voted issues , and with individual vetoes in some areas . 
   most uk citizens are pretty resigned to the idea that we 're not going to be at war with the continent anytime soon interesting way of phrasing it . 
  for the english in particular , like the americans , opposing the interests of the state ( as decided by the government ) always seems to be considered pretty poor form if it 's done other than through talk . 
  talking to oppose the government is fairly respectable , but forcing its hand through law is somehow questionable - and doing so by invoking an external power is close to treasonable . 
  it goes * on * happening . 
  i remember a similar shock in india years ago . 
  we went up to ladakh from srinagar , and a particularly noticeable beggar who we had seen in srinagar the day we left had already been in leh long enough to settle in , because we 'd taken a coach and he 'd * flown * . 
  i 'd agree that near death experiences do work like that , and also that once you 've randomly upped a couple of times you realise ( or should ) that you 're falling back into the same groove . 
  not really sure that that particular piece of psychology has much to do with the problem , though . 
  i would have said more that the cold war did two things - it gave us in the west a vision of ourselves to aspire to , and enforced a certain equality on social structures . 
  both of those have disappeared , but the deregulatory burst of financial money kept us from really noticing . 
  now we 're noticing , and the powers that be are desperately trying to restart the money engines before we * really * decide we need change . 
  sure . 
  there 's a problem when it comes to that kind of dick-waving and the eu . 
  the national governments do n't want to give the eu money to wave a large communal dick , because they want to wave their own smaller national dicks . 
   because we 're pets of the us . 
  that 's why . 
  we even ca n't have our own gps system because our friends on the other side of the atlantic do n't want us to . 
  er , galileo ? 
   galileo is a global navigation satellite system ( gnss ) currently being built by the european union ( eu ) and european space agency ( esa ) . 
  the $ 5 billion project [ 1 ] is named after the italian astronomer galileo galilei . 
  one of the aims of galileo is to provide a high-precision positioning system upon which european nations can rely , independently from the russian glonass , us gps , indian irnss system , and chinese compass systems , which can be disabled in times of war or conflict . 
   on 21 october 2011 , the first two of four operational satellites were launched to validate the system . 
  the next two followed on 12 october 2012 , making it `` possible to test galileo end-to-end '' . 
  [ 3 ] once this in-orbit validation ( iov ) phase has been completed , additional satellites will be launched to reach initial operational capability ( ioc ) around mid-decade . 
  full completion of the 30-satellite galileo system ( 27 operational and three active spares ) is expected by 2019, 
  study from 2011 ? 
  it 's probably wrong of me , but i find it hard to take seriously any independence/unification movement without its own terrorist group . 
  as i get older , it increasingly seems to me that the right wing is driven by an emotional rejection of complex solutions . 
  when solving something is * difficult * the reaction of the right seems to be to ignore or deny the problem , or reject the solution as too complex without offering any othe way of fixing the problem .
