  it was waved away and derided as part of ` project fear ' . 
  this is the report that brian lucey is referring to : http://www.budget.gov.ie/budgets/2017/documents/an_exposure_analysis_of_sectors_of_the_irish_economy%20_final.pdf an important point from it :  the uk is also important to ireland as a source of imports , with almost 30 per cent of merchandise imports , and 17 per cent of overall imports originating from the uk . 
  ** significantly , in terms of manufacturing , the uk is a major source of intermediate goods used in production by exporters . 
  ** so the fall of sterling is good for the irish export supply chain , making intermediate goods cheaper ( except where they in turn rely on imports to the uk ) , but a hard brexit , with the uk-eu trade relationship moving to wto tariff levels , will make them more expensive . 
  the two may balance out once brexit actually happens , but the immediate impact is likely to be dominated by the sterling fall , which may tempt exporters not to look for alternatives until brexit happens . 
   `` britain is standing up from it 's knees '' but still being overall shorter . 
  our figure is 261 . 
  the ussr 's collapse was certainly a very extreme case , but a degradation in performance of any national health arrangements will still have a far more rapid impact on mortality at all ages than is being suggested by many posters here . 
  it will be interesting ( from a very cold-blooded perspective ) to see the effects on the nhs ' rankings over the next few years . 
  sure - i was more trying to explain why the current isds system exists . 
  the ` permanent tribunal ' idea is very much an eu one - canada [ originally wanted the current isds system ] ( http://lawinquebec.com/new-investor-state-dispute-settlement-mechanism-following-canada-european-union-trade-agreement/ ) :  canada had originally asked for the inclusion of the investor-state dispute settlement ( isds ) in ceta as it sought to preserve the system that operates under north american free trade agreement . 
  an agreement was ultimately reached at the end of this february after the european union , under pressure by critics who focused on isds in their opposition to ceta and the planned eu-u.s. trade deal ( ttip ) , quietly convinced canada to include a new way of settling investor claims in their trade deal . 
  it 's perhaps not surprising that the eu , itself a type of permanent supra-national jurisdictional body , should have been the proponent of another one . 
  on the other hand , the permanent tribunal it 's creating manages to look much less like a court than , say , the icc , and contains a sweetener in that it 's considered by many international arbitration experts to tilt the playing field more heavily in favour of governments . 
   referendums are for serious constitutional matters - not to be abused based on short term mood swings . 
  unfortunately , that 's exactly what referendums are usually based on . 
  the effect diminishes somewhat with regular referendums , but it 's still probably the most important determinant of the outcome . 
  which is why referendums should n't be used for making binding decisions about serious constitutional matters . 
   they also have long explanations on why investment dispute settlement is important and how they want to make it `` safe '' so that governments can still shape their policies after their own will , which sounds okayish , but honestly i do n't get it . 
  why not just create an international trade and investment court operating mostly the same as existing court systems ? 
  is n't this isds thing already halfway there ? 
  that requires that countries submit themselves to the authority of a supra-national court , something which countries are generally extremely reluctant to do . 
  arbitration is preferred because : * it is ad hoc - each arbitration is a separate event , and a separate panel , existing only to deal with the case at hand . 
  * it does not require the submission of the parties to a court having jurisdiction over them - instead , the arbitration panel is chosen by the parties to the case so you can see arbitration as a way for countries to avoid the creation of some supra-national permanent body which would have the right to judge them . 
  instead , each case is a once-off , the arbitrators are agreed by the parties , and the whole mechanism can be seen simply as a way to resolve contractual disputes between separate and independent parties on the basis of a treaty without infringing the independence of either - it maintains the treaty entered into by the country as more important than the mechanism used for resolving disputes . 
  does that make sense ? 
   s.d. 
  mayer vs canada that one was another instance of protectionism . 
  a us subsidiary in canada obtained a permit from the us to export pcb to the us from canada , and a couple of canadian companies asked the canadian government to do them a favour :  jan-13-2004 17:59 federal court p. 05/54 page : 4 [ 7 ] myers canada offered waste remediation services to canadian customers . 
  myers canada would drain pcbs from equipment in canada , and then transport the equipment and pcbs to 8dmi in ohio for further decontamination of the equipment , and for the destruction of the pcbs . 
  on or about november 15 , 1995 the united states enviromnental protection agency ( `` e.p . a. '' ), 
  issued an `` enforcement discretion ~ ) permitting the respondent to import pcbs upon certain conditions . 
  anticipating this development , two canadian operators of hazardous waste facilities met with the environment minister at her office to advise that this anticipated u.s. action would threaten the economic viability of their own operations . 
   on november 16 , 1995 , canada banned exports to the united states of pcb wastes and the ban remained in force for fourteen months until canada replaced existing regulations controlling pcb exports and re-opened the border . 
  the ban on pcb exports was n't anything environmental - they remain permitted . 
  it was a favour to canadian companies in the same business as the us company who took the case . 
   occidental vs ecuador not sure what 's dodgy about this one . 
  the case comes down to the fact that occidental had a license terminated on the basis that they had attempted to sell/transfer their interest in it to another company without the permission of ecuador 's government , but the award was given because all they had actually done was request the permission to do so while making plans that assumed it would be granted . 
   nationalists in england are british nationalists . 
  that 's because british nationalism in england * is * english nationalism , but english nationalism has as part of its identity retaining scotland and wales in an english-dominated union . 
  very few english nationalists think that england should n't continue to be the dominant partner in a british union . 
  if england were in scotland 's or wales ' position , there would be plenty of overtly english nationalists . 
  as it is , that 's basically inconceivable , no matter how constitutionally ` equal ' you make the other parts of the uk - england has the population and the wealth . 
   mrs may 's spokesman said : `` there was a referendum in 2014 that addressed this issue that was legal and fair . 
  the result was decisive and both parties agreed at the time to respect it . 
   it was a referendum with a clear question on the ballot paper and we should respect the democratic decision that was made ... see , this is utter nonsense . 
  referendums do not deliver eternal verities . 
  if you have a referendum , and then a second on the same question , this is not in any way disrespecting the first . 
  the first is a democratic decision , and * so is the second * . 
  if the second referendum delivers a different result , then people have * changed their minds * . 
  it 's visibly absurd to deny them the right to do so , let alone claim it 's somehow more democratic . 
  claims to the contrary are generally made for political convenience . 
   since people wo n't start to decay immediately after you decide to invest less money into the hc system the lag is n't that long . 
  the collapse of the soviet system produced a pretty rapid and large decline in russian life expectancy - it fell by , what , roughly a year per year after 1989 ? 
  it 's not just older people who make up the average life expectancy of a country - it 's also strongly dependent on infant mortality . 
   if you really think this is a serious issue , why this stuff ? 
  personally , i do n't see a contradiction . 
  sure , but it 's nice for the brexidiots to have some quotes to justify that when they 're talking to/about bremoaners . 
  it 's very kind of tusk to position the eu as to blame for a hard brexit ... 
   i dunno if europeans revere his former office as much as americans traditionally do the presidency though ... definitely not . 
  not sure anyone gets that kind of reverence in europe . 
   when he says borrowed from the future , he means that we would have to have a recession or other consequence for our currency being over-valued in recent times ? 
  much more simply , any money borrowed now is future debt . 
  future debt reduces future prosperity for the sake of current prosperity . 
  that works fine if the money you borrow now is invested and yields a greater return than the cost of the future debt . 
  if it does n't , if it 's just allowing greater current spending on non-investments , then you 're borrowing prosperity from the future - robbing future paul to fill present paul 's pockets . 
   the referendum was a cluster fuck and should n't have happened as it forced people who had doubts to make a choice of two strict outcomes and had no large percentage needed to win . 
  that 's the thing . 
  whichever side won , the referendum would have been equally daft . 
   here 's the problem with his analysis : ireland 's economic strategy is n't just a low tax one , the strategy is to provide low taxes for those seeking to invest in the eu . 
  ireland leaving the eu to keep our low corporation tax rate does n't make any sense as we 'd lose the main reason why companies invest here . 
  if we left the eu , most of those companies would just relocate to a remaining eu state with low taxes . 
  it 's a startlingly big point to miss . 
   `` the ** truth ** is that after 40 years in the european union we 've got an economy that 's heavily integrated with economies of the european union , '' hammond said in an interview with bloomberg television in new york . 
  `` there would be a frictional cost to not being involved in a customs union . '' what is this ` truth ' thing he speaks of ? 
  sure - basically ceta / ttip but for the uk . 
  following ttip style nomenclature , we could perhaps call it the united kingdom investment partnership ... 
   when i think of free trade i think the trade is this : you get to sell things to my people , i get to sell things to your people . 
  end of deal . 
  you can do that without free movement of people as long as we 're talking about free trade in goods . 
  you can even do it with services to some extent as long as services can be provided remotely . 
  however , you ca n't establish a single market without free movement . 
  and the eu single market is a single market , not just a free trade area . 
   also the ones who would benefit the most from free travel are also the ones who ca n't afford the accommodations etc more teens travelling -  bigger market . 
  there will be affordable accommodation , i 'd say . 
  people who think it 's a bad idea think it 's a bad idea . 
  unless * you * have the gift of prophecy , you 're not in a position to tell them they 're wrong . 
   the contempt for democracy is strong . 
  a majority vote for a bad idea does not make it a good idea . 
  sure . 
  i think this is likely to come down to the price being part of an arrangement with their dealers . 
  they phrased it badly in referring to the non-danish origin , but i think all they * meant * was that they knew it could n't be from one of their partners because it came from outside denmark . 
  in which case there 's no single-market related discrimination here . 
  i suspect they may be able to claim that the price of the installation service is a package deal with the sale of the heater - which presumably they get cheaper from their dealers . 
  that their dealers * happen * to be danish ca n't be held against them , but if they do have dealers outside denmark , then they 're presumably discriminating on the basis of origin , which should be illegal . 
  you could contact the [ danish european consumer centre ] ( http://www.consumereurope.dk/ ) , which should have some idea . 
   it 's as if i you were sued by your mobile operator for not renewing your subscription . 
  this has to be stopped . 
  but veolia is not suing on the basis that its contract is not being renewed . 
  it is suing on the basis of repeated changes made by lithuania to agreements it had with the government .
