  capable , but not , you know , * too * capable . 
  first job for the eu army - clear meps from strasbourg . 
  against the way things are , usually . 
  directing the focus at a particular target is usually done by a small group who manage to steer the revolution . 
  true , usually because the poor rebel * against * , not for . 
  nearly every revolution is ` captured ' by people with a strong agenda and the power to get it out to the masses , which tends to be some other part of the elite . 
  you could say the angry poor are the fuel for revolutions , but they do n't steer the car . 
   the euro in its current form is a retarded thing . 
  2 ways out : more integration or less integration . 
  since european countries are against more integration , stiglitz suggests then the lesser integration . 
  that covers most arguments about eu-wide policies in a nutshell . 
  if it 's not working perfectly , we can either abandon it , or we can try to make it work , the latter generally entailing further integration . 
  the problem with the `` just abandon it '' approach , apart from inherent defeatism , is that the common policy is generally a response to the way things already were n't working , so that abandoning it usually means going back to what was n't working previously . 
  and that 's a strange logic to apply - abandon something for not working in order to go back to something that was n't working . 
  it 's not as if when you abandon a policy there is any less unpicking and untangling to be done than when you reform one , as the uk is discovering . 
  he should have gone for writing scientific advice for government ministers . 
  at least it 's always always clear to you that nobody gives a toss about you or what you have to say , and the research is more enjoyable . 
   let 's be honest , history has not exactly favoured people who always just did the right thing . 
  on the other hand , the science is pretty clear that our evolutionary success is largely due to most of us doing the right thing , and nearly all of us thinking we should . 
   so today you link to example.com/page.html which contains an interesting essay . 
  tomorrow , the owner of example.com changes her mind , puts copyrighted material there . 
  you are now infringing on the copyright . 
  what ? 
  that is accidental , though , which is a perfectly adequate defence , and reconciles the technical issue with the legal issue . 
  yup . 
  standard complaint that the `` eu superstate '' that nobody really wants is n't enough of a superstate . 
   apple reduced its tax-bill using a common loop-hole that a lot of other companies have used , so why is it ( alone ) being charged with receiving illegal state aid ? 
  because in order to qualify for the loop-hole , it needed to do something it failed to do . 
  companies are allowed to allocate their profits to their stateless companies as long as the stateless company 's most important functions - the work that actually adds the value to the sales - happen outside the state . 
  the bit of apple ireland which is stateless turned out to be doing nothing relevant to the company 's profits , according to the commission . 
  that makes it ridiculous to accept a profit split within the company that allocates all the profits to that bit . 
  they could n't have done at all . 
  the rulings set the profits taxable at the irish branch as opposed to stateless and untaxable , and are based on no more than an offer from apple . 
  other companies could use the same mechanism apple used to shelter tax , certainly , but the tax sum was based entirely on the offer from apple , with the supposed profit margin at the irish branch back-calculated by the revenue from the offered sum . 
  that is both a unique deal , and one that 's extremely questionable in itself . 
   making changes with a retroactive effect , as happened with apple there has been no `` change with retroactive effect '' . 
  apple did not qualify for the exemption it was using while it was using it . 
  it would be , obviously , but the rate is the result of the revenue 's decision to accept that apple 's earnings by their irish company could be attributed to it as a stateless company . 
  that kind of situation is pretty standard under irish tax law , there 's nothing special about it . 
  what seems to have happened , though , is that the revenue were mistaken about whether apple really qualified to use it . 
  unfortunately , nice though the praise would be , that 's basically a lie . 
  do n't think it was a ` special deal ' as such , though . 
  it seems to have been a decision on a matter well within the remit of the revenue , as to whether apple 's company structure complied with the conditions for a standard deal . 
  this is n't something that would prevent the tax loophole apple was using from being there . 
  in fact the loophole that apple was using was phased out in 2015 - as the commission says , apple already stopped using the structure it was investigating . 
  the nub of the issue , though , is that apple , according to the commission , did n't qualify for that tax structure . 
  letting it use it when it was n't compliant is what the commission ruling is against . 
  i can entirely understand the temptation . 
   yes , some just get bought out by america , but we should have many more born in the last 10 years that just refuse to sell , and go and conquer america and the world , from the eu . 
  for some reason we do n't and the us does . 
  i would assume there 's a whole complex of reasons , but i do think the commission has here put its finger on part of the reason . 
  when companies go public , they ca n't ` refuse to sell ' , so you 'd be looking at a private company , and there 's a limit to how large a company can get on that basis . 
   to me the demolishing of the commission 's argument will come about by showing that the us is the place due these corporation taxes i do n't think the commission would have any problem with that . 
  most of the heavier-weight analysts do n't see this fight as being about ireland , or between the commission and ireland . 
  this is an attempt to force the us to tax its multinationals . 
  why is that of interest to the eu ? 
  because the fact that us multinationals are allowed to build up enormous cash piles outside the us helps make them dominant global ( and eu players ) above and beyond any technological advantage they may have . 
  that 's generally regarded as being the reason the us has n't changed its tax laws . 
  effectively , the us is engaged in a massive state aid program for its multinationals . 
  does this screw up competition in the single market ? 
  yes , for sure . 
  no eu company can compete with those huge tax piles - the dominant model has become , instead , for eu startups to get themselves bought by one of the us multinationals . 
  you could say that the us is treating the eu much like european empires treated their informal colonies . 
  any `` native '' enterprise worth having is quickly bought up by the imperial power , and its value no longer stays with the country . 
  you can see why the eu might regard that as a problem . 
  ireland is only starring in this show by virtue of its role as a conduit for us state aid to its overseas champions . 
   so the commission is saying that a legal mechanism ( an irish registered company can be domiciled outside ireland ) that is available to any company coming to ireland is state aid . 
  that mechanism is n't selective , it 's available to anyone . 
  no , the problem is n't the legal mechanism , but apple being allowed to use it when ( according to the commission ) it did n't qualify to do so . 
  giving a tax advantage to a company that does n't qualify for it is a pretty classic form of state aid . 
   and the commission is saying that that non irish domiciled irish companies profits are n't taxable anywhere . 
  they are though , they are taxable in the us . 
  they just have n't be repatriated yet . 
  i suspect some of them will be before the appeal is judged on . 
  that would help clarify the charge that apple 's profits are n't taxed anywhere . 
  being taxed in the us will at least show that they are not stateless . 
  i guess apple might choose to do that , although it would mean paying the us ' 35 % rather than ireland 's 12.5 % , and that would need to be justified to the shareholders . 
  practically speaking , the claim that apple 's profits are just `` waiting '' to pay us tax is nonsense . 
  apple has n't paid us taxes on its overseas profits in 30 years - any claim that such an event is just around the corner has long since worn thin , and deserves no consideration . 
  apple operations europe itself accounts for basically sod-all of the outstanding taxes :  the commission can only order recovery of illegal state aid for a ten-year period preceding the commission 's first request for information in this matter , which dates back to 2013 . 
  ireland must therefore recover from apple the unpaid tax for the period since 2003 , which amounts to up to $ 13 billion , plus interest . 
  around $ 50 million in unpaid taxes relate to the undue allocation of profits to the `` head office '' of apple operations europe . 
  the remainder results from the undue allocation of profits to the `` head office '' of apple sales international . 
  the recovery period stops in 2014 , as apple changed its structure in ireland as of 2015 and the ruling of 2007 no longer applies . 
  $ 50m of $ 13 billion . 
  the rest is from asi , and the asi issue is nothing to do with transfer pricing , but is entirely about the question of whether asi actually qualifies as the stateless company it purports to be . 
  if it does n't , then it 's an irish resident company with all its worldwide profits taxable in ireland . 
  i appreciate that the commission investigation was originally looking at transfer pricing , but it seems that what they have found is much simpler . 
  the commission is n't challenging the attribution of profits to apples sales ireland overall , but the attribution of the centre of management and control within asi that determines the tax residency of asi . 
  where do you see transfer pricing as important here ? 
  not in this case . 
  ok , but this is n't about transfer pricing . 
  the ruling is about the commission 's claim that apple sales ireland 's `` head office '' did not , and could not , undertake the `` management and control '' functions that would make it eligible to be the taxable entity within asi . 
  the commission is saying that asi 's irish branch is therefore the taxable entity in asi . 
  transfer pricing is n't even mentioned in the commission 's release . 
   apple is being punished for activity since the 1980s , decades before the relevant law existed . 
  once the relevant new law existed , new practices were introduced so apple did n't break it . 
  er , no it is n't . 
  apple 's structure has been as it is for longer than a decade , and the tax regulations its structure was made to use also predate the retrospective period . 
  apple has n't broken any laws , all that has happened is that the revenue accepted as real apple 's claim that the sales ireland head office actually managed and controlled apple 's global sales .
