  periphery countries paid for periphery banks , central countries paid for central country banks . 
  ireland paid heavily because irish domestic banks were enormous compared to the size of their economy , but germany paid multiples of what ireland paid , because german banks are in absolute terms larger . 
  a single german bank failure ( hypo/depfa , courtesy of irish bank regulation ) cost germany more than the entire irish bank bailout . 
   37 % of anglo bondholders were german institutions . 
  ive read different figures . 
  yes , indeed you have , because they comprise the bulk of the article you link to , and make clear nonsense of the 37 % figure paul staines put out . 
  that figure was a politically motivated lie which was created by removing most of the non-german and french investors from the list . 
  i mean , he 's even quoted in the article you linked as admitting that :  `` it is not a great conspiracy list as it shows representatives of the bond business and has the names of everyone you would expect to be there , '' says mr staines now . 
  the spreadsheets on which he based the published list , he says , show `` there was more british money than german [ in anglo ] , which did n't exactly serve my argument that ireland was bailing out the euro zone '' . 
  seriously , you read through the whole analysis in the article and fastened only on the dodgy made-up figure that supports your story , even ignoring the statement by the guy who made it up that it was made up !, 
  unimpressive . 
   the failure of the european bailout is not populist opinion , it is the analysis of the imf !, 
  the article you link to says the multiplier used in imf forecasting may be wrong . 
  it does not say the bailouts failed , nor has the imf said that at any point . 
  they have said that things should have been done differently , and would have been done differently if the imf were in charge , but that 's not even close to the same thing . 
   austerity crushes domestic demand , and again makes the correction harsher than nessessary it 's true that austerity does that , but apart from neo-liberals , nobody believes `` expansionary austerity '' is anything other than a joke . 
  austerity does make contractions harsher than non-austerity assuming either that you can borrow as much as you need very cheaply , or that you 've sensibly put aside money during your prosperous phase . 
  unfortunately , there 's no such thing as the former during a credit crunch , and nobody had done the latter ( actually ireland had , a bit , and had it not also engaged in unbelievably lax bank regulation would probably have been fine ) . 
  austerity does not , on the other hand , make contractions harsher than the * real * alternatives , which are either extensive expensive borrowing or default . 
   mundell 's theory is the standard accepted theory of currency zones i think you mean `` mundell 's earlier theory as popularly reported '' , rather than , for example , his specific later writing about the eurozone , which goes curiously uncited . 
   the authorities admit that it didnt have the proper structures ( full banking and fiscal union ) , the blame is put wholely on a scapegoat . 
  i think it 's generally accepted at all levels that banking union was a necessary part of the eurozone , and it 's being implemented as a result . 
  countries are not willing to accept fiscal transfers or other transnational ` automatic stabilisers ' , but not because they 're not seen as a useful part of a common currency . 
  they 're just politically unacceptable . 
   its not ` money-printing ' ( again a populist understanding ) , there is no inflation , we are tipping on deflation again !, 
  not `` populist '' - you mean `` popular '' . 
  we can be money-printing ( and are : what do you think `` quantitative easing '' is ? ), 
  without creating inflation if it 's done as cautiously as the ecb is doing it , and if the consumption economy is as fubared as the eurozone 's is . 
  it should be clear , though , that qe * does * create inflation - at the moment , that 's what 's compensating for the deflation that would otherwise be happening as people pay down debt from the great credit binge . 
   the greatest period of growth in human history 40-70s had moderate inflation . 
  you do n't think that perhaps the trente glorieuse may perhaps have been a special case , what with rebuilding much of europe ... ? 
   kanyesism , ( which isnt money printing ) has an extremely good record . 
  i do n't think kanye has * any * good records , but certainly keynesianism does , if done properly . 
  unfortunately , you can not do keynesianism * half * the time , and doing expansionary fiscal policy during a recession after doing expansionary fiscal policy during a boom is exactly that . 
  i rather doubt there will be calls from either the left or the right to engage in the contractionary fiscal policy keynes would be calling for as economies grow again . 
   the ecb acted in the interest of french and german banks and politician the facts for ireland - german/french bank exposure to irish domestic banks - say completely different . 
   there require primary surplus of 5.6 percent for ireland , 6.6 percent for italy , 5.9 percent for portugal , 4.0 percent for spain , and ( wait for it ... ) 7.2 percent for greece . 
  which is impossible . 
  the situation was so desperate mario draghi battled germany to introduce stimulus . 
  draghi announced to do ` whatever it takes ' to save the euro . 
  periphery bond halved within a month , including greece , and continued to fall . 
  i do n't think you understand what happened . 
  draghi said he would `` do whatever it took '' to defend the * euro * , and pointed out that the ecb could outgun and outlast any speculators . 
  so people stopped speculating on euro breakup , and thus on peripheral sovereign bonds . 
  it had nothing to do with the primary surpluses of periphery countries . 
  and since none of the periphery countries were borrowing seriously on the market , their bond yields had little or nothing to do with their economies . 
  the bonds they had already issued remained at the prices they were originally sold at . 
  in a couple of cases , small amounts of expiring bonds were rolled over at market rates . 
   this with a falling euro in 2013 , and growing major trading partners us and uk , started the irish recovery . 
  growth went from 3 years of 0 % to 4 % within half a year in 2013 . 
  the uk and us started this much earlier . 
  nice story , but , again , the irish government was n't borrowing , and exports were flat through to 2014 . 
  stories should n't be held on to when the facts do n't support them . 
  more generally , austerity is medicine - correction of problems . 
  it 's not a growth recipe , it 's a way of preparing for growth . 
  so what one would expect from an austerity response to a recession is not immediate growth , but taking the medicine , then growing . 
  the irish economy took its medicine , and then grew . 
  greece 's problem was several years of refusing to take the medicine . 
  one of the benefits of age !, 
   populist is just a slur for those who disagree with the establishment policy - no matter how blatantly wrong , immoral , or pigheaded they are - think irish water . 
  it 's more of a technical categorisation - populist theories of political events are based around the all-encompassing idea of `` virtuous people versus corrupt elite '' , with the latter conspiring against the former . 
  like most all-encompassing theories , they do n't leave much room for human factors - everything must be explained by it , every explanation must fit it , and the basic explanation for * everything * is an elite conspiracy against the people . 
  it 's like marxism without the economic theory . 
   and oh , we dropped the ball , is an ridiculous argument !, 
  sorry , were you even around for nice 1 ? 
  i voted no first time on the basis of the crap referendum campaign by ff . 
  the ball-dropping was equally evident at lisbon 1 , and the problem was the same - ff are uninterested in campaigning on referendum issues , because they do n't get ffers elected . 
  simple case of obvious political priorities for a political party . 
   the ecb forced them to cover this to protect bankrupt german and french banks . 
  uninformed rubbish . 
  german and french banks had virtually no exposure to irish domestic banks , a fact which has been repeatedly established over the years since . 
  their `` exposure to ireland '' which started the whole myth was exposure to their own subsidiaries in the ifsc . 
  you can check the irish central bank 's aggregate balance sheets for yourself . 
  the facts are available , if you 're at all interested in them . 
   the eu spent $ 5 trillion essentially with the citizenry protecting the assets of the very richest not really - bank shareholders were wiped out , ordinary depositors were protected completely . 
  that does n't fit the populist explanation , though , so it ca n't be true ... even though it 's bare fact . 
   it is not a magical co-inikydink that inequality increased over the time . 
  it 's not a coincidence because the banks and the recession were linked , and recessions produce inequality - taxes go up , social transfers to the poorest fall , more people become unemployed . 
   the idea that the peripheries were helped is nonsense . 
  largely the citizenry payed for the sins of the bankers and protected the rich . 
  see point above , but the periphery countries * were * helped . 
  not one of them ( ireland and greece included ) wanted to go bankrupt , or let their banks go bankrupt , and the ecb did that for them . 
  sure , countries would rather have used the traditional levers of mad money-printing and loads of borrowing , but they 'd all agreed not to , because it does n't actually work for more than a couple of months , and the results are even worse . 
  have a look back over the economic history of the seventies and eighties some time . 
  it 's like being unfit - everyone would like a magical `` fitness pill '' , but there 's no such thing . 
  you have to do the painful work . 
  politicians , though , like to blame it on someone else , and luckily the general public always contains a high enough proportion of gullible idiots for that to work . 
   each of the peripheries countries followed their troika programs to the letter . 
  the policies failed terrible . 
  well , no , you see , they have n't , as even you have to say :  the austerity star only started to growing in 2013 5 years into the crisis , after the ifm desperate ` what ever it takes '' devaluation and qe . 
  recessions do n't clear up overnight . 
  sure , people would like them to , and there 's always someone who 'll claim it can be done , but all the magic bullets actually do is pull you out for a couple of quarters before dropping you back again even harder . 
  it does n't stop people clamouring for them , of course , and damning everyone for fools and traitors who are n't clamouring likewise , but so what ? 
  there 's a common travel area , you 're supposed to be able to move without a passport . 
  to be fair , it was a bit tougher back before the good friday agreement . 
  i lost count of how many anti-terrorism forms i filled out . 
   ireland had the nice/lisbon treaty sent back twice to them . 
  sorry , let me stop you there . 
  this is a very poor claim to make - our government ran those referendums again , as it was entirely entitled to do , because the main government party comprehensively dropped the ball on their first runs ( yes , both times - their leaflet for the first nice treaty referendum literally said little more than `` this is a complex treaty , just trust us and vote yes '' ) . 
  `` europe '' did not send the referendum back , it was an entirely domestic set of cock-ups and decisions .
