  sure , practically speaking , trade means involvement , but free trade deals are presented as quite ` surgical ' - there 's no ongoing entanglement with the foreigners concerned . 
  you sell them stuff , they sell you stuff , but you do n't go to each others ' houses or see yourselves as part of the same community . 
  people who are victims of thatcher 's work vote tory government a `` historic opportunity to finish the job margaret thatcher started '' , as [ lord lamont has called brexit ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-36717050 ) . 
  ballot fodder in a tussle between different factions of the tory party , and they voted for the ones whose vision produced the negative effects that were the main drivers of their vote . 
  by comparison , farage begins to look like an honest fool used by the tories . 
  you could n't make it up , and unfortunately do n't have to . 
  and , as with most groups , people do n't usually choose to change the status quo without an outside impetus . 
  i would n't say that at all . 
  the leave campaign played massively to the settler mentality - dislike of immigration , the past was better , ourselves to ourselves , tradition , foreign criminals , fear of the future . 
  the real problem was that the remain campaign * also * played to the settler mentality - they painted a scary picture of the future , and when people are afraid , they become more settler-like . 
  they do n't necessarily pay much attention to the details of what you say and subject it to the kind of rational cost-benefit analysis remain seem to have assumed , they just hear the fear and retreat . 
  people are n't pure and unchanging types . 
  if you scare people , they shrink back towards settler-type attitudes , and the remain campaign did exactly that , rather than laying out a vision that would appeal to pioneers or prospectors - `` forward with europe '' or similar . 
  i 'd say it 's more likely that roughly similar numbers of people everywhere fall into the closed mindset . 
  the eu , however , is the product of the open mindset - by necessity , since the closed mindset would never have created such a thing in the first place . 
  constitutionally , the referendum means nothing . 
  it is , in effect , a large opinion poll . 
  it would be different if referendums were a binding mechanism in the uk , as they are here . 
  parliament is not merely at liberty to ignore the result , it is obligated to do so if it believes that the good of the country requires it . 
  we know that the majority in the commons believes that leaving the eu is the wrong thing to do . 
  paradoxically , if the uk 's constitutional arrangements are worth defending , as leavers presumably believe , the right course is for the commons to ignore the referendum result . 
  cold comfort , of course . 
  politically it 's extremely unlikely - it would play into the hands of boris ' cynical play for power , and leave a festering political cleavage in the country . 
  on the other hand , leaving the eu will more than likely rend the uk apart , and leave an actual cleavage . 
  the referendum remains a spectacularly avoidable own goal . 
   although , i 've also read that increased contact with other cultures leads to lower social trust , so i do n't know what to think anymore . 
  you can have lower social trust but higher tolerance fairly easily . 
  it means you do n't mind that your neighbours are different from you , but the fact that they 're different from you means you 're not sure how they 'll respond in any given situation , which is your lower social trust . 
  but i do n't think you can really support contact theory with broad results like this . 
  what if the people in the less tolerant areas have moved there because they do n't like living with foreigners , or not moved to a more diverse area for the same reason ? 
  ` social segregation ' is a consistent feature of human geography - unplanned , unenforced , but very real . 
  the eu 's view seems to be that selling the advantages of the eu , accurately reporting on it , and telling the truth about it , are the prerogative of the member states rather than something they should be doing themselves . 
  it 's easy to see why that 's logical and appropriate , but unfortunately , it 's also easy to see that it does n't actually work . 
  needs trigger warning !, 
  as long as they looked deeply in the right place . 
  well , we are only a province , y' know . 
  dedicated no voters still grumble about it ( the eu forced us , the government ignored the vote , blah blah ) , but the thing is that it 's a referendum . 
  unless you can show that the vote was rigged , the second one is just as valid and democratic as the first , and trumps it by being more recent . 
  not something i ever had a problem with . 
  we did the same in the previous treaty vote , and i changed votes in that one . 
  fairly sure i 've voted both ways on abortion as well . 
  it 's part of the franchise , the right to change your vote . 
  that would make sense of his intervention in our lisbon referendums . 
  oh , a low corporation tax by itself is n't parasitic - it 's just a low tax . 
  well , it 's your parade at the moment . 
  i 'll keep my rainy views to myself . 
  although ... http://foolsgold.international/new-research-competing-aggressively-on-tax-reduces-growth/, 
  good point - there 's a long-term political uncertainty about the uk now which was n't there before . 
  a shoot from the hip , politically motivated , populist dominated referendum with massive national and international consequences is hardly what one looks for in a stable country . 
   i 'm not aware of anyone in national politics that was proposing it outside the context of brexit , but happy to be corrected on that . 
  you do n't need to be corrected on that , because the issue remains something that is n't any kind of challenge to orthodoxy . 
  it 's purely a french presidential hopeful taking an opportunity to get rid of something of a festering sore . 
  it has no structural relevance to either the prevailing orthodoxy or any debates about democracy . 
  claiming it as a brexit positive is sadly indicative of the lack of any serious brexit positives . 
   also , i think calling it parasitic is the wrong word . 
  there are , i 'm sure , nicer ways of saying the same thing . 
  the reality remains the same . 
   i 'm not sure what the eu can do about the uk 's tax levels the fun will be in finding out . 
  in the short term , uncertainty . 
  in the long term , the near-certainty that the uk will either be behind some kind of trade wall , or will be in an eea-type arrangement . 
  in the latter case , it 's still more advantageous for a business to be in a member state , because the uk would have no representation in eu decision-making . 
  if you 're in a member state , you have lobby leverage on the national government , and by extension on eu decision-making - in the eea , you do n't . 
   i believe that he specifically said that he was putting it in his manifesto because of brexit . 
  that does n't make it a democratic novelty . 
  it 's not an undiscussed issue , but a reasonably prominent one in france . 
   we should n't overtax people in the uk anymore than ireland should overtax people !, 
  reducing tax is a good thing and i am glad both uk and ireland have low tax regimes . 
  we have a low tax regime because we lack a sizeable domestic market . 
  that , in turn , means that our only chance of hosting large companies , with the employment and further business opportunities that generates , is by becoming a semi tax haven . 
  it 's a parasitic model . 
  for the uk , which has a huge and currently wealthy domestic market , the calculations are entirely different . 
  in addition , while people and the media in ireland often state that `` the eu '' is after our corporation tax rate , it 's not `` the eu '' , which has no competence in the matter , but the member states , who are fortunately prevented from applying most forms of pressure by the fact that we 're a fellow member state . 
  the same will not apply to the uk if it decides to adopt our parasitic lifestyle . 
  fond memories of both - but `` time of the hawklords '' was , i think , more the leave campaign 's paradigm . 
   rightly it should be questioned to see whether it is actually convenient or not . 
  the fact that it is now being questioned more openly , as a result of brexit , is of course a great thing . 
  questioned by france ? 
  it has been highly unpopular in france for years now , and is a regular topic . 
  that 's why jupp\u00e9 has added it to his manifesto . 
  or are you claiming it 's being `` questioned '' in the uk ? 
  it 's hardly that - what 's being questioned is why jupp\u00e9 wants to end it . 
  sorry , but the idea that jupp\u00e9 putting the touquet agreement on his manifesto is some kind of democratic novelty that comes out of brexit is just absurd . 
   what is great is that the uk chancellor is already talking about reducing corporation tax , which would make it closer to the irish position . 
  we also have had intimations that france wants to reduce corporation tax too . 
  this kind of race to the top has been helped by brexit . 
  `` race to the top '' ? 
  good grief . 
   no , i genuinely think this is a wonderful opportunity for britain and the whole of europe and we are starting to see the welcome benefits of wider conversations in our democracies . 
  this is getting into pollyanna territory . 
  selling england by the pound ... 
  the calais deal is hardly part of `` existing orthodoxy '' - it 's an arrangement of convenience , not some kind of structural underpinning of the existing order . 
  nor is there any sign whatsoever that brexit has led people to challenge existing economic orthodoxy in the uk - on the contrary , we 're seeing a tory leadership battle in which each candidate is trying to outdo the other in their adherence to existing orthodoxy . 
  meanwhile , if support for the eu is the `` existing orthodoxy '' that needs challenge in your view , and referendums the way to do it , surely by your lights the willingness to challenge orthodoxy has actually diminished . 
  i know that you 're rather heavily predisposed to see brexit positives , but you seem to me to be combining cherry-picking and special pleading rather more than usual here . 
  so although eu support has clearly risen , and the demand for brexit-style referendums has fallen , as a result of brexit , reuters decides to take some business-as-usual plus stuff already happening and claim brexit is causing the eu to unravel ? 
  no mention of jupp\u00e9 's views on the calais uk border deal , i see - could it be that it failed to fit the narrative ? 
  presumably because there are things that they see as more important than all that . 
  maybe they believe that in their country the immigrants would be kicked out , maybe they believe that ` sovereignty ' is the most important issue , and that it 's better to be poor and free . 
  some of the latter might change their minds if the uk has to make a eea-style deal . 
  and finally some people are just really really good at not seeing what disagrees with their views .
