  the size of the global economy does n't seem particularly relevant - a comparison to either the size of the us or european economies seems more relevant , or the size of the sums relative to gdp per capita of either the us or europe . 
  the former gives an idea of the `` effort '' per person for the donor , the latter an idea of the `` effect '' per person for the recipient . 
   it 's not just him , he concedes that other analysts such as krugman , weisbrot and rubini , one of whom happens to be a nobel prize winner all support the conclusion that devaluing the currency would be good for the greek economy . 
  but i 'm sure you know better . 
  krugman did n't win the nobel prize for his opinions on greece . 
  so , i admit , i do n't see why krugman is particularly likely to be right . 
   after adjusting for inflation , the real global economy is 19 times bigger today than it was in 1945 . 
  so take the inflation-adjusted marshall plan amount ( $ 120 billion ) , and then multiply it by 19 to get to a more comparable figure . 
  i do n't think that 's good economic arithmetic . 
  the growth of the economy will have been an influential factor in inflation , so you ca n't just multiply one by the other - you 're simply squaring some portion of growth . 
  not saying the straight comparison is right either , but comparing two wrongs does n't make either of them right . 
  more internal resistance , as far as anyone has stated a reason . 
  the imf commented on greece 's reform efforts here : http://blog-imfdirect.imf.org/2015/07/09/greece-past-critiques-and-the-path-forward/?hootpostid=8299b6670cea64b9daad8b21e9a85fe7  given the dismal productivity growth record of greece before the program , a number of structural reforms were seen as necessary , ranging from a reform of the tax administration , to reduced barriers to entry in many professions , to reforms of pensions , to reforms of collective bargaining , to reforms of the judicial system , etc. 
   many of these reforms were either not implemented , or not implemented on a sufficient scale . 
  efforts to improve tax collection and the payment culture failed completely . 
  there was fierce resistance to open closed sectors and professions . 
  only 5 of 12 planned imf reviews under the current program were completed , and only one has been completed since mid-2013 , because of the failure to implement reforms . 
   and to underline my original point , here 's a quote from your own link :  analysts like krugman , weisbrot and rubini make the utterly good point that greece would benefit enormously from a devaluation of its currency . 
  of course it would . 
  he does say that , but completely fails to provide any arguments that lead to that conclusion . 
  instead , as i said , he points out greece 's lack of extra export capacity , the dependence of tourism on international prosperity rather than the exchange rate , and makes statements like this :  in short , even if we neglect the devastation caused by the delay in the introduction of the new currency ( something argentina did not have to worry about ) , the new currency will be debased ever so quickly due to this bifurcation , leading to hyperinflation and the loss of most of the competitive gains we might have hoped for from the devaluation . 
  so , while i agree he does put in a single `` of course it would '' , he does n't support that statement anywhere either with facts or argument , does n't even repeat it , but instead contradicts it repeatedly and at length with both arguments and figures . 
  you 're still welcome to see those four lonely words as conclusively supporting your case , of course . 
  unfortunately , an argument that everybody else * has * exited the crisis to the extent that they can afford to boost greek tourism by some large margin completely undermines the argument that greece 's problems are not uniquely greek . 
  you 'd also need to see whether greek tourism suffered as a result of euro entry , to get some handle on the question of the extent to which a cheap drachma is genuinely attractive to tourism compared to the euro . 
  for , example , for most people , a major expense is getting to greece , and that 's priced in their own currency anyway . 
  as far as i can see , greek tourism receipts did n't suffer from euro entry : http://www.indexmundi.com/facts/greece/international-tourism finally , achieving enough through tourism to offset the effects of drachma devaluation on the greek quality of life would require absolutely massive growth in tourism . 
  receipts are somewhere around $ 12bn annually , you 'd have to look at multiplying that at least 2-3 times . 
  i do n't think that 's even slightly realistic . 
  the greek government did agree to hire extra tax collectors and reform tax collection , as part of the bailout agreements . 
  they have n't done so . 
  that 's true , but your point about getting it back immediately from the dutch government is irrelevant to / u/bigbramel 's point about how long it took iceland to pay it back . 
   i had money with ice save and got my money back immediately from the dutch government . 
  not from iceland . 
  the dutch government than had to get its money back from iceland . 
   i 'm sure it will provide a boost to tourism which is a large part of the greek economy . 
  their ex fin min does n't seem to think so :  take for instance shipping and tourism , mentioned by paul krugman as two potential sources of greek export growth : both are in speedy decline !, 
  additionally , whereas in the case of argentina , its next door neighbour ( brazil ) was entering a period of rapid growth , greece 's neighbours are showing no such signs of vitality . 
  indeed , our traditional trading partners are also buffeted by recession ( pushing down the demand for greek tourism ) while non-eu countries ( such as russia ) can not , and will not , make up the difference to any appreciable degree . 
  i would n't be at all sure that germany is anywhere near over the capacity boost that lots of extra undeveloped germany gives them . 
  the reason less developed economies grow faster than developed economies in general is that you get a lot more bang for your investment buck by building a motorway where there was none before than by adding an extra lane or a new motorway where there 's already plenty . 
  effectively , re-unification added a large less developed economy to that of west germany , and i 'm pretty sure that east germany is still catching up to the level of west german development , and probably will be for another decade . 
   is there a relevant graph showing france , spain , italy or greece ? 
  it would be interesting to see the effect of a hard currency to the trade balance of these countries . 
  you 'd need to bear in mind that none of the other countries re-unified with a post-communist part , though , and that that 's something that happened for germany in much the same period . 
  that should have initially depressed overall german output , then increased it . 
  greek exports are very much smaller than imports , and there 's little or no spare export capacity in greece - so drachma devaluation will mostly just reduce the greek standard of living without adding anything much . 
  eh , same diff : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/ireland-gdp-per-capita-ppp.png?s=irlnygdppcapppcd&amp;d1=19960101&amp;d2=20151231, 
   denmark does not have its own free floating currency , its krone is a proxy for euros . 
   the uk and switzerland for reasons known only to them decided to pursue austerity despite issuing the same currency they were borrowing . 
  any government can kill its own economy through bad policy , the point is that if you have your own currency it 'll be of your volition - it wo n't / ca n't be forced upon you by outside creditors . 
   norway surprises me - their unemployment is low , they are at an all-time high of gdp , and apparently they 're still concerned about over heating their economy ( or were in 2013 ) , but their absolute gdp figure is not much above 2008 . 
  i do n't know enough about the country other than it 'd have been hit hard by the decline in oil prices to comment , especially for data that 's been adjusted for ( i expect ) a decline in their exchange rate due to decreased demand for exports ( i have n't checked fx data , but i assume this to be the case ) . 
  and this is pretty much what i meant when i said we 'd have to get into cherry-picking to support your original claim . 
  you 're now coming up with a variety of special individual explanations for each counter-example . 
  you 're not certain that those explanations are in line with the facts , but you do seem pretty certain that your original thesis holds , despite requiring lots of new special arguments . 
   how about this . 
  the only countries that have run into debt crises , run into problems with their creditors , are those that have chosen to borrow currencies they do not issue . 
  i admit , much of the world has stifled growth through bad policy ( esp with the right wing feeling vindicated by what 's going on in europe , forming government in many countries - uk/aus/canada ) , but the important thing is that it was only forced upon countries that are in the ez or otherwise borrow external currencies . 
  well , # 1 , iceland . 
  more generally , a lot of countries effectively ca n't borrow in their domestic currency - nothing to do with the euro , people just regard their currency as dodgy . 
  lenders outside greece would n't be lending to greece in drachma if greece were outside the ez , because the drachma is too unstable - well , sorry , more accurately they would only lend in drachma at a massive premium . 
  so this looks like more special explanations are required . 
   we have had a `` political guarantee '' is a weasel words for `` we do n't have an actual agreement '' . 
  there 's either document signed by all 28 member states not to use efsm for financial support of eurozone states , and in this case britain is absolutely right to object to the proposed programme , or there 's no such document and all this rhetoric of guarantees is geared for internal consumption only . 
  there 's an actual agreement not to use the fund for actions to support the euro area as a whole , but the option to use it for the needs of an individual eu member state in difficulties is open . 
  in this case i imagine the uk could argue that funding greece is an operation that is aimed at the stability of the euro area as a whole - but that does n't really work for a bridging loan . 
   it 's not the amount , it 's the principle . 
  dc got a political guarantee that said non euro states cash would n't be used to bail out the euro states , which is now being discarded . 
  i do n't think that 's the promise dc got , although that may well have been the way he represented it . 
  what was actually decided was that the efsm would not be used for measures to support the stability of the euro area as a whole . 
  the council decision was :  `` this mechanism [ the esm ] will replace the european financial stability facility ( efsf ) and the european financial stabilisation mechanism ( efsm ) , which will remain in force until june 2013 . 
  ** as this mechanism is designed to safeguard the financial stability of the euro area as a whole , the european council agreed that article 122 ( 2 ) tfeu will no longer be needed for such purposes . 
  ** heads of state or government therefore agreed that it should not be used for such purposes . '', 
  ( emphasis added ) . 
  the commission 's legal opinion was :  `` nor does the draft decision [ to change article 136 tfeu ] reduce the competences conferred on the union . 
  ** in particular , it does not affect either the specific solidarity mechanisms provided for in articles 122 and 143 of the tfeu in the event that a member state is in difficulties or is seriously threatened with difficulties ** or the union 's competences in terms of coordination and surveillance of the economic and financial policies of the member states in general and of member states whose currency is the euro in particular . '', 
  ( emphasis added ) . 
  the option to use the efsm is certainly there , because a member state is in difficulties , and the efsm 's mandate includes the option for such single-state actions . 
   in any case , all the countries you link are still substantially back from where they were 7 years ago , and it 'll take many years of beyond trend growth to get them back to trend gdp . 
  most likely they 'll never get quite back to where they could have been ex-crisis , for the skills lost , the discouraged workers , the decayed infrastructure , and the emigration . 
  but we 'll see i guess . 
  there * was * a global depression . 
  [ the uk ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/united-kingdom-gdp-per-capita-ppp.png?s=gbrnygdppcapppcd&amp;d1=20030101&amp;d2=20151231&amp;type=line ) is in the same boat as regards not yet being back where it was in 2008 , switzerland is just about back where it was , denmark is substantially below , norway is substantially below . 
   the ez has been in a suppressed state for nearly as many years as it was out of it now . 
  ez members compare badly to any country with its own free floating currency and all debt denominated in its own currency that you care to name . 
  it 's beyond `` no downturns '' and into `` 40 % + downturn '' . 
  i do n't think that 's the case at all - i think you 'd need to carefully cherry-pick which countries you decided to compare the ez countries to in order to get that to work . 
  no offence intended , but i suspect that you have n't actually done a broad comparison . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ in addition , the ez contains some countries which have always been sluggish growers . 
  neither france nor italy ( 2 out of the ez big 3 ) have posted stellar growth rates for a generation . 
  ireland , on the other hand , is currently growing at 4.1 % . 
  most of europe has always come out of recession slowly , because european economies are more rigid as a result of a lot of social stabilisers . 
  it 's always possible to compare them disadvantageously to economies with a far more limited set of such stabilisers on the basis of pure growth rates , while ignoring the question of the depth of personal misery that a recession causes - in europe , that 's very much lower because of the stabilisers , but the stabilisers also make recovery slower . 
  that slower post-recession growth has been a feature of continental economies for at least 40 years . 
  ascribing it to the effects of the euro seems to me to be just the latest label being tacked on it . 
   or are you saying it was not meant to be an improvement economically over individual currencies , only a `` political '' improvement ? 
  if only the latter , how 's that working out ? 
  are nations more united now , or are they being driven further apart ? 
  because i personally feel the latter which 'd make the ez a failure on both grounds .
