  sure , but what people are disagreeing with is the impression you gave of the ec not being political , and thus that the eu being political was somehow a big change . 
   the fact remains that the eec was an economic union . 
  and the eu is a political and economic union . 
  and for that reason it makes no sense to assume the eu to be about economy only . 
  well , while i 'm being semantic , the way i 'd really put it is that the eec was an economic union for political purposes , but was n't very political itself - that is , it involved little political integration , being still run on largely inter-governmental lines . 
  as the eec became the eu , and as the eu has changed , the extent of the economic union has required an increasing degree of political integration as well as its own democratic - and therefore political - institutions . 
  so , yes , i 'd agree , but to refer to the eec as `` economic '' because it did n't involve political integration both misses the point that the eec was always a politically motivated construction , and thus erroneously implies that the eu was some kind of phase change that was n't part of the original intent . 
  no , the eec , like the ecsc before it , was always a political thing - its intention was ( and is ) to prevent european wars by binding the countries together economically . 
  the economics is the tool of the political aims , not vice-versa . 
  `` ever closer union '' was in the [ preamble to the original treaties ] ( http://lawvolumes.dwp.gov.uk/docs/a9-1001.pdf#page=2 ) , it 's not something that came later . 
  the eea , on the other hand , was an attempt by the uk to use politics for the advantage of economics - to get the economic advantages of european cooperation without subscribing to the political aims of the ec/eec/ecsc / eu . 
   you were expressing displeasure about the fact that states could pass laws that would not be right according to the interpretation of isds panels , and therefore isds was necessary . 
  ok , so i had a think ( well , did some mental contortions ) about this , and i can maybe see how you can go from what i said to that . 
  i said that : * governments can make decisions which are unfair , badly motivated etc but which are nevertheless legal * domestic courts can therefore only find that the unfair/badly motivated decisions are legal * domestic courts therefore can not be used for recourse in such cases * therefore an extra-domestic remedy is useful to offer comfort to foreign investors - well , any investors , but it only gets offered to foreign ones now , to get to your interpretation of that , what 's needed is to simply ignore the idea that there 's any merit whatsoever to an extra-domestic remedy - because `` democracy ! '', 
  - and assume that if someone suggests it may be of use , they really mean they love it and want to see it privileged over every domestic court in any circumstance . 
  the second bit is pretty infantile , but the first comes back to the point i made earlier . 
  you do n't believe there * can * be any merit to an extra-domestic remedy , you find the whole idea just plain wrong , as per this :  i consider that a crass violation of democracy . 
  such an organ exists outside any democratic mandate and is not accountable to the people it has power over . 
  and what i said was that there was n't any point to a discussion on that basis . 
  no matter what is said , you can not accept the idea of an extra-domestic remedy , at least when it comes to companies ( i presume you do n't have the same objections to the echr , un , etc etc , but maybe you do ) . 
  all the rest - any arguments you might make on any effects of isds - are just noise , because of that basic point . 
  and i reiterate that claiming to argue the * merits * of isds is dishonest when you refuse even the basic concept itself . 
   the economies of western europe were considerably more globalized before the war than afterwards . 
  but not , i think , anywhere near as globalised as they are now . 
  their johnson is large , but floppy . 
  ok - let 's start from this :  you were expressing displeasure about the fact that states could pass laws that would not be right according to the interpretation of isds panels , and therefore isds was necessary . 
  nope . 
   that implies that you think that it 's necessary that the laws of a country are approved by isds and otherwise those countries should be fined or otherwise rebuked . 
  also nope . 
  there is also no way of doing so even if someone did want it . 
  when i say that these are bizarre interpretations of what i said , i am not being rude . 
  they are just bizarre - they represent neither my thinking , nor are they even possible . 
  i genuinely can not see how you can get from what i 've said to those ideas . 
  you are arguing - and do correct me if required - that domestic courts should be a full and sufficient remedy for any investor issues . 
  i am arguing that that is not the case . 
  you have taken that argument and leapt to the idea of me thinking laws needed some kind of `` pre-approval '' from `` isds bodies '' , and me being somehow displeased that laws could be passed without such approval . 
  both of these are utter nonsense . 
  i have asked you how you leap from what i say - `` domestic courts are n't a sufficient remedy '' - to your interpretation . 
  i do so because if i am to correct your interpretation , i need to know how you came to form it . 
  i could simply make some assumptions , but i can not actually see any set of assumptions that i see as reasonable and which can lead to your interpretation . 
  my concern , therefore , is that i 'm actually unnecessary here - that you are in fact arguing with some inner , made-up `` isds-lover '' who holds the opinions you ascribe to me , or are making the assumption that anyone who does n't oppose isds automatically has those opinions . 
  i , on the other hand , very definitely do not hold them . 
  if you 'd like to know what my opinion on isds is , i 'm afraid you 'll not only have to ask me , but to refrain from reinterpreting what i say in strange and peculiar ways , as you have done so far . 
  otherwise , you 're basically arguing with your own straw men , with me being rude from the sidelines . 
   you refused to answer or even talk about that passage the passage does not admit of your interpretation without some serious mental convulsions and a couple of errors of fact . 
  i have been trying to understand your mental convulsions , but we can at least deal with the errors of fact . 
   drop the word `` council '' if it upsets you and just read isds . 
  it does n't change anything . 
  my issue is n't the word ` council ' . 
  again , i find your thoughts about what i might mean utterly bizarre . 
  there is no such things as an isds panel separate from an isds case . 
  therefore what you suggest i meant , that laws be pre-approved by some isds body , is impossible . 
  rather importantly , it 's me telling you that it 's impossible . 
  therefore , by very simple logic , it is impossible for me to have suggested any such ` pre-approval ' , because i know that it can not happen . 
  do you see what i 'm saying there ? 
  i await your interpretation with curiosity . 
  it has been that for a while now . 
  i 'm not ignoring any hard questions - heck , i 'm even trying to get to the bottom of where your bizarre interpretations come from !, 
  you , on the other hand , have just now ignored three pretty straightforward questions in a row . 
  do you need them repeated ? 
   it really is n't . 
  want me to quote the definition of legal chill again ? 
    a discouraging or deterring effect , especially one resulting from a restrictive law or regulation . 
   these lawsuits have a deterring effect and are thus covered . 
  no , it still does n't cover delays well within the ordinary scope of such things . 
  `` discourage or deter '' does not mean that legislation goes ahead but , i do n't know , in some kind of less enthusiastic way . 
  it means it does n't happen . 
   the fact that ireland decides to give a generous grace period has no effect on the fact that it took less than 2 years from announcement until signing . 
  thats significantly less than the 6 years it has taken norway to get nowhere . 
  norway said it would ` support creating legislation ' in 2012 - that is not 6 years ago , because it is not now 2018 . 
  you can not just make the number be anything you want , although i 'll grant that at least your new claim of 2012-2016 being `` 6 years '' is less than the decade you previously claim . 
  norway 's legislation will probably come into force this year . 
  ireland 's will be next year . 
  the gaps are the same . 
   the lawsuit in australia 's high court took less than a year to resolve . 
  the isds case took 4,5 years . 
  because isds cases ca n't overturn laws , whereas the domestic case could have done . 
  if you want to use the gap between announcement of intent and signing into law as the period which measures delay , isds did not introduce any such delay in australia . 
  the domestic case , however , did . 
   because delaying laws by several years clearly fall into the category of preventing it . 
  no , it does n't . 
  look , this exchange of posts is going to be absolutely invisible to anyone but you and i , so we 're only talking to each other . 
  there is no point in you just insisting that delay is the same as prevention , because you can only possibly persuade * me * , and you can not do so by sheer insistence . 
  we 've been over your arguments for it , i 've rejected them , and you continue to talk as if we both accepted your definition , which we do n't . 
  the definition of chilling effect is legislation `` not happening '' . 
  you want to expand that to `` during a given arbitrary period '' , and that 's not the definition that anyone else uses . 
  it 's not there in any of the literature , and you have been entirely unable to cite a single source which talks about delay . 
  so while we are now arguing about how much isds delays legislation , we 're not doing so on the basis that it represents the `` chilling effect '' the literature talks about . 
  we 're doing it on the basis that delay is a separate effect , because nobody but yourself thinks it 's the same effect . 
  again , i guess , basic english . 
  delay = / = prevention . 
  say you bought a fire retardant , and asked if it would prevent a treated surface from catching fire . 
  the salesman says that it would delay it doing so . 
  these are different words when used without additional qualifiers . 
  `` specific vocabulary issues '' like thinking that words have common meanings rather than being a set of markings to which one can attribute any meaning one likes . 
  let 's try another question : * did you understand that there is no such thing as an `` isds council '' to which legislation might be submitted outside a case ? 
   senior bankers in london are growing frustrated with jpmorgan chase 's public warnings that it may cut thousands of jobs in the uk , saying such remarks send an unhelpfully negative message . 
  we have a phrase for this kind of `` only say positive things '' in ireland - it 's called `` putting on the green jersey '' . 
  unfortunately it helped get us into our crisis - warning about a possible crash was `` doom-mongering '' and `` talking the economy down '' . 
   good move by may .
