  of the number , 23 are in receipt of pensions over $ 107,000 while another five get more than $ 118,000 annually , the figures show . 
  our ex-ministers and taoisigh are perhaps on rather more : http://www.rte.ie/iu/pensions/ i 'd say the latter is probably more comparable , in that the president of the commission has a more executive role similar to a minister than most top civil servants . 
  note , by the way , the detailed breakdown of ministerial pensions at the link , which contain transitional payments such as lump sums . 
  so does the cited figure of '' $ 15k/month '' for barroso . 
  his actual pension is $ 11k/month - hardly small , but certainly in line with pensions for top civil servants in both the uk and ireland . 
   maybe you were happy about this amount of money he was getting ( notwithstanding the gs thing , which i agree is a separate concern ) ? 
  the point is that the gs thing is n't a separate concern . 
  preventing such things happening is the point of the high pension . 
  if it works , i have no issue with it . 
  i will say that getting excited by large pension or salary entitlements for public servants is something i regard as not merely silly , but actively stupid . 
  we have a very large body of research that says if you pay peanuts to public servants , they behave like monkeys - that is , they become corrupt , are distracted from their work by other earning possibilities , which not infrequently involve conflicts of interest , etc. 
  meanwhile , the overall cost nevertheless tends to be peanuts compared to almost any other outflow of expenditure on public service . 
  despite that , we have people who focus on the issue , because it 's an easily conceivable one , and plugs into a whole load of simple emotional buttons . 
  so , to turn to the basic emotive question - do i feel barroso should get 25 times the basic state pension entitlement of a uk citizen ? 
  well , do i feel that barroso has done more in public service than 25 randomly selected uk citizens ? 
  yes , i would say he has . 
  so , no , i do n't even feel the emotional impulse there . 
   the chilling effect is always described as prevention or delay of legislation . 
  well , how about you provide a source for that claim , and we 'll take it from there ? 
   really ? 
  does anyone seem to care about this ? 
  in the sense of `` be outraged by it on account of it being some eu person getting money '' ? 
  no , not really , because it 's there to discourage exactly this kind of thing . 
  on the other hand , within the specific case of barroso and gs , yes , they do - hence the trade union 's calls ( in the linked article , which you 've surely read ? ), 
  for his pension to be reconsidered . 
  the chilling effect that has been claimed throughout the ttip debate is the prevention of necessary legislation by the risk of isds . 
  we both know this to be the case , and your quotes do n't even contradict that - `` inhibition or discouragement '' means legislation not happening , not minor delays . 
  why would i waste time discussing something with someone who pulls this kind of humpty-dumpty crap ? 
   again i do n't see what is controversial about someone hiring an eu expert for brexit consultation . 
  conflict of interest , basically . 
   of course they can ? 
  so could i if i had the money well , there 's the thing , basically . 
  the claim that there 's a conflict of interest is n't an empty one - a lot of people evidently see it quite clearly , including eu civil servants . 
  and it 's the reason for the high pension entitlements . 
  so the point is that a financial company can make an offer which barroso will take despite that . 
  it 's really about the money , either . 
  barroso is , i would think , someone who likes being in influential positions - his move here basically equates a gs board position with the presidency of the commission . 
   and yet norway waited until pmi v australia concluded before sending their bill to parliament . 
  proving the australia case indeed had a chilling effect , no , because the `` chilling effect '' is legislation not happening . 
  you do n't just get to redefine it so you can claim it happens . 
  because they * can * , even though even barroso must have known it would be a contentious move , and has a $ 15k monthly pension . 
   the same applies to any claims that investors would be deterred without it , so it was an ideological debate from the start . 
  it would , if it were the case . 
  did you miss the point that isds ' effects * are * visible ? 
  similarly , decisions not to invest are visible . 
  am i just talking to a wall ? 
  i 've gone from being underwhelmed by barroso to distinctly antipathetic . 
  and yes , when a financial company can snap up the ex-president of the commission , financial companies are visibly too important . 
   if there is a chilling effect it will result in people not even bothering to consider some proposals , and not bothering to discuss them . 
  which conveniently for you would make it impossible to disprove . 
  but it does n't work that way . 
  public policies for which there is a real call or need are very visible , and governments have to respond to them publicly . 
  there are no examples of a government citing isds as a reason for not making the legislation . 
  on the other hand , there are a couple of examples of governments delaying implementation while awaiting isds outcomes , which demonstrates quite clearly that isds ' effects are visible ones , not the invisible ones you claim . 
  which mostly consists of companies complaining their dick is n't sucked hard enough ? 
  seriously . . one you did n't do , and which contains serious analyses . 
  you could do with less prejudice and more information , but i guess the former precludes the latter . 
   because their scope was relatively limited . 
  besides , policies have become significantly more neoliberal in that timeframe , so it 's not like it does n't influence governments . 
  cause and effect the wrong way round . 
   ttip goes way beyond that . 
  governments can be sued for altering laws that could affect the bottom lines of companies . 
  again , your prejudices make you incapable of accuracy . 
   they can go to court . 
  the eu requires its members to uphold the rule of law , and in the case they think they 're not being done justice , they can seek appeal in the eu courts . 
  sigh . 
  way to miss the whole point of isds , which is that the government makes the laws . 
  a government decision can be completely unfair , taken as a result of any motive including corruption and petty politics , and still be legal . 
  and once a government decision is legal , you can not get redress from the courts that apply that law , because the courts do not have any choice but to uphold the law , however manifestly unfair or wrong it may be . 
  for exactly the same reason we have the icc , the wto , the echr , and a whole panoply of other extra-national bodies of recourse . 
   it 's the citizens ' decision to determine what they consider the public good by means of the democratically mandate parliaments , not a random trio who only see big shot businessmen all day . 
  again , hopelessly inaccurate . 
  is there any likelihood of you dealing with isds as it actually is , rather than your made-up evil version ? 
  no , i guess not . 
  by the way , `` a random trio who only see big shot businessmen all day '' can apply to members of government quite often . 
  decisions * are * taken because ministers have been influenced by some particular subset of business people , and those decisions are the ones likely to generate isds cases . 
  we have separation of powers already exactly for that reason . 
  you do n't have a clue what that means , i 'm afraid . 
  your constant reiteration of `` they can go to the domestic courts '' illustrates your total failure to understand it . 
  i guess i 'd call your information outdated and inaccurate : * the delay in the uk 's case was on foot of a [ high court challenge ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-36333450 ) , not isds . 
  * the bill to implement plain packaging in norway is [ going to their parliament this month ] ( http://www.euro.who.int/en/health-topics/disease-prevention/tobacco/news/news/2016/05/norway-announces-decision-to-send-bill-on-plain-packaging-to-parliament ) however , these are good examples of how we * would * know if isds actually had a chilling effect , and how we know it has n't . 
  all the evidence says that governments go ahead with widely supported policies without reference to isds ( or , indeed , often enough domestic law ) . 
  court challenges to legislation are n't new , and the usual government attitude seems to be to go ahead and take any legal opposition as it comes . 
  isds involves a very small number of cases , involves no risk of laws being put under injunction or overturned , requires proof of material damages , and public good is a complete defence against any claims - it 's hardly going to be high on government risk lists . 
   first , all the other treaties in the world do not concern the eu . 
   second , isds applies to the provisions of the treaty . 
  since ttip is marketed to us as a a significant treaty with a huge scope , it follows that the isds of ttip also has a huge scope . 
  it 's `` ambitious '' , but the scope of ttip is n't all that much bigger . 
  certainly not big enough as to represent a qualitative change , definitely not bigger than the set of all existing ftas . 
   of course , how are you supposed to prove that things would have happened ? 
  that 's methodologically not trivial . 
  oh , rubbish - legislation in democracies is publicly proposed , publicly debated , and a matter of record . 
  if isds is a consideration in the creation of legislation , that will be visible . 
  as for investments not happening for the lack of isds or other such investor protections , [ here you go ] ( https://www.google.ie/search?q=lack+of+investor+protection+fdi&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=caegv6rik-hdgaa-pqpycg ) . 
   isds cases have been on a notable rise in the last decade , so it 's not like it has been part of common practice since forever . 
  over the last two decades , more accurately , because isds has become more common over that time , because bilateral ftas have become more common over that time , because of the breakdown of the wto doha round . 
  two decades for isds to show its chilling effect , and still nothing . 
   and then we 'll have a word about who should have the ultimate authority about what is considered legitimate in a country : the democratically mandated institutions of that country , or an ad-hoc tribunal without civil oversight whose only concern is business interests . 
  both - the latter solely in the case of what are in effect contractual disputes between a government and a business . 
  what you 're saying , in essence , is that businesses should have no rights vis a vis governments - that their property can be expropriated by a government for any reason whatsoever , that any deal they might make with a government can be altered or voided by the government , again for any reason whatsoever .
