  reading your post , you 're going to be probably better educated than a lot of your fellows - i do n't know if that would be an issue for you - a lot of rig crew come from the norwegian backwoods , tough scottish islands , poor and rural areas . 
  casing crews appear to come from even tougher places . 
  lingua franca on any rig i 've been on - british , norwegian , french - has been english . 
  any rig work is physically demanding , and with not a lot of time left over while you 're on the rig - but you do have a lot of time on your hands when you 're off the rig , obviously . 
  again , do n't know if that would be an issue . 
  physical conditions are n't necessarily grim , although that varies a lot from rig to rig . 
  they 're always pretty spartan , for obvious reasons , and you 're in the middle of the sea on a metal platform for two weeks . 
  i 'd say for a couple of years it would certainly be worth doing - almost for anyone , really . 
  rig experience on your cv , to anyone outside the industry , seems to imply kind of tough , brave , competent , self-reliant , likely to be ok in an emergency . 
  i would also say that it 's quite good , long-term , for one 's own self-esteem , and it puts a lot of other fears and worries in perspective . 
  had it literally happen on a norwegian rig - we had a rather small geologist , and while i was talking to her a gust of wind sent her about 20 feet along the deck . 
  this one 's too complicated to be of interest , perhaps . 
  but also we really need something like this . 
  it 's always been that way , though . 
  there 's a churchill quote with him saying that the best argument against democracy is a five minute conversation with the average voter . 
  the internet has just shortened that to 10 seconds of reading a comments section . 
  it 's quite hard to obscure things in a legal text without running the risk of the text not saying what you intended it to . 
  so you write up the red line in such a way that it looks like it is n't one , and then mwuhahaha you spring it on the world - and then somebody challenges it and the court rules in their favour because that 's what the wording most reasonably says . 
   i 'm pretty sure the final document will be available to all when they actually vote . 
  at least as much time before as each parliament requires to scrutinise legislation . 
  scrutinising treaties and legislation is what parliaments do - there are rules for it . 
  ttip is n't something new under the sun that somehow gets a totally different play book - it 's a treaty , the governments have to lay it before their parliaments , and the parliaments have to have adequate time to look at it before voting . 
  ca n't help but feel that the irish data commissioner is going to find that the us is `` perfectly fine '' as a safe harbour . 
  facebook et al will be putting heavy pressure on the irish government to make such a finding , who probably would n't even need such pressure in order to put pressure on the data commissioner themselves . 
  and let 's face it , the data commissioner had to be brought to court because he did n't * want * to challenge the commission 's view in the first place - claimed it was n't his business . 
   they can debate all they want but can they realistically change it ? 
  years of negotiations went into this , a change would mean renegotiating . 
  true . 
  they ca n't change it , they can only accept or reject it . 
  that has two different and opposite implications . 
  first , it increases the chance that some parliaments may vote yes to the final deal rather than go back to renegotiation , even though they 're not completely in favour of the deal . 
  second , it means that the negotiators will be working hard to avoid as many red lines as possible - that is , to avoid issues that might cause parliaments to reject the deal despite being otherwise in favour . 
   the only way to stop this is to have a clear separation of powers between what the eu is allowed to do versus what nations are allowed to do . 
  that 's already the case , though . 
  the eu can only pass laws within its competences , which are very limited outside the economic sphere of the single market . 
  nor do meps vote commonly along national lines - they tend to vote along party lines , as they do in all parliaments . 
  it 's true that meps will sometimes vote against something that 's unpopular in their own country even though their ep party is for it , but that 's not quite the same as what you 're suggesting . 
  plus the parliament ca n't be used to propose a law , although it can propose amendments . 
  broadly , though , i 'm pleased to see someone saying what the article says . 
  for me , the big democratic gap in the eu is the failure of domestic legislatures to control their governments ' actions in the eu . 
  it 's not something that was ever envisaged in many countries ' constitutional development , that the government would have a permanent cooperative arrangement outside the state which could pass laws applicable in the state . 
  but it 's not something that can be solved by abolishing the eu ( it would require refounding the next day in any case ) , or even by reform at the eu level . 
  it 's something that requires reform at the national level , to increase the legislature 's control over the government 's actions in the eu . 
  some legislatures ( germany , for example ) have made steps in this direction , and the lisbon ` yellow card ' system was a short step in the right direction . 
  the problem is that parliaments are by and large pretty spineless . 
  the practice of forming a government out of the parliamentary majority and out of parliamentarians means there 's little real accountability of the government to parliament . 
  national governments seem to me to have stopped evolving , while the ep seems to me to have just started . 
  i did n't know anybody did n't know it was used in english-speaking countries !, 
  ireland has several ombudsmen . 
  well , it 's a quid pro quo . 
  there are very few joint endeavours where everyone perfectly suits themselves . 
   yes , removing subsidies is not popular among farmers , but farmers make up less than 1 % of the population . 
  their support base goes well beyond that in many eu countries . 
  ireland , for example , is probably 70-80 % supportive of farmers ' views as a general rule , and i think things are similar in france etc. 
  one of the big differences with the uk is not only that there 's little farming , but that people in general are almost entirely disconnected from it , even in the country . 
   with regards to banking , they apparently are the laxer side in the negotiations . 
  you 'd want a bit more than just those couple of points to suggest that the commission is likely to always err on the side of deregulation . 
  well , * i * would . 
   the treaty would be dead letter if anyone can opt out of it selectively at a whim . 
  that would effectively mean that any country can stop products from other countries entering by simply changing a variable 0,1 % . 
  that 's simply not how those treaties work . 
  only your last point is correct , albeit ironically - that 's not how treaties work . 
  you do n't write the two equivalent standards into the treaty itself . 
  the process by which equivalence is * agreed * goes into the treaty , not the standards themselves , because otherwise , as you say , the standards are set in , if not quite stone , at least mortar . 
  have a look at the eu treaties . 
  harmonisation in the common market is in the treaties as principles and procedures , general caveats and exemptions . 
  for example ( article 114 tfeu ) :  1 . 
  save where otherwise provided in the treaties , the following provisions shall apply for the achievement of the objectives set out in article 26 . 
  the european parliament and the council shall , acting in accordance with the ordinary legislative procedure and after consulting the economic and social committee , adopt the measures for the approximation of the provisions laid down by law , regulation or administrative action in member states which have as their object the establishment and functioning of the internal market . 
  and  3 . 
  the commission , in its proposals envisaged in paragraph 1 concerning health , safety , environmental protection and consumer protection , will take as a base a high level of protection , taking account in particular of any new development based on scientific facts . 
  within their respective powers , the european parliament and the council will also seek to achieve this objective . 
  if , after the adoption of a harmonisation measure by the european parliament and the council , by the council or by the commission , a member state deems it necessary to maintain national provisions on grounds of major needs referred to in article 36 , or relating to the protection of the environment or the working environment , it shall notify the commission of these provisions as well as the grounds for maintaining them . 
  the eu treaties contain no actual examples of harmonised rules - they contain the mechanisms by which such rules are created . 
  you appear to believe that ttip , on the other hand , will actually be a kind of big handbook of such rules - and you 're correct : * were * anyone silly enough to set harmonised standards by way of an international treaty , they * would * be incredibly difficult to change . 
  that 's why they do n't do it that way . 
   uk and switzerland did it quite successfully during ww2 . 
  at a time when a lot of people were ordinarily involved in farming . 
   that 's not true . 
  you can , just some countries will not be producers , but only buyers . 
  a country that ca n't compete with another 's farming ( or farming subsidies ) but which has farmers to protect would normally put up tariff barriers - but a single market means no tariff barriers . 
  the situation would generate a * lot * of political stress , to which cap is frankly a less expensive solution . 
   food production is best left for poorer countries , so they can get a bit richer from the trade too , and we can concentrate on more productive endeavours . 
  i agree with that , but there are other motives for agricultural subsidies than just propping up inefficient special interests - food security is quite a big one as well . 
  there 's also the fact that you ca n't really have a single market in farming products if there are different levels of subsidy by country . 
  well , the alternative would be national farming subsidies for most of the same reasons that cap exists . 
   and i think it 's pretty outrageous that 1/3 of the entire eu budget is spent on agriculture . 
  what government in the entire fucking world spends that much money on agriculture ?!?!, 
  none , but then ( a ) national governments do a * lot * more spending than the eu - the eu 's budget is about 2 % of government spending by the member states ; and ( b ) the eu government do most of their agriculture spending through the eu so that it 's uniform across the single market . 
   the commission is known to be on the side of looser interpretation are you genuinely claiming that the eu is known for its lax standards ? 
   but what happens if afterwards we decide it to be necessary to instate more strict standards ? 
  the laxer standard would then cease to be equivalent . 
   public scrutiny will force them to be more careful . 
  indeed . 
  where the supposedly equivalent standards are not in fact equivalent , that 's indeed a potential problem . 
  i 'd say , though , that a discrepancy in the standards sufficiently large to be worth exploiting in such a way would also prevent their being declared equivalent in the first place . 
   people became ( or remained ) farmers even though a normal market would 've long ago `` told '' these farmers to go and take up some other occupation . 
  now comes the shock of realizing that there are too many of them , producing too much and causing prices to remain too low to subsist on . 
  is n't that basically an argument that without cap , all these suicides would have happened some comfortable time in the past ? 
  companies are n't negotiating the treaty , so the relevance of that seems limited .
