   wrong . 
  i simply asked you how you think your countries did not lose a lot of sovereignty and independence ( to the bigger nations ) , even when considering the numbers shown in that pdf . 
  i did n't even say you did , i was just interested to hear your arguments why , despite these numbers , that would not be the case . 
  for which i gave an explanation , with which you disagreed . 
   and what would that be ? 
  i start to understand what 's happening in your mind , you just marked me as a `` brexit guy '' and now the whole brexit debate thing is going at full speed in your head again , though it 's completely out of place here . 
  not really - i do n't have you down as `` brexit guy '' . 
  i said that you seem to entertain certain beliefs about the eu which are not supported , or are contradicted by the evidence , and that these were the same kind of beliefs that brexiters in the uk had . 
  i would imagine , based on what you 've said , that you would see switzerland as losing sovereignty ( well , more strictly , autonomy ) in the eu , and wondered how other small country citizens viewed it . 
   i just did n't automatically accept every presented argument as `` solid '' , and questioned some of them ( or the comparison of which they resulted from ) . 
  sure , but you 've so far agreed with or offered data ( real or false ) that agrees with a narrative of the second being a solid fact , and dismissed anything that contradicts it . 
  that does n't have `` trying to figure out '' written on it , but suggests a pre-formed opinion . 
   which is a very fundamental power within the legislative . 
  it does not make the commission a legislative power , though , which was the point at issue . 
  the commission does n't have the power to * pass * legislation . 
   the council is the `` sole decision-making body with regard to the common foreign and security policy and certain areas of trade and social policy '' and curiously enough those are just the areas where `` the eu does n't work '' . 
  that may not be unrelated . 
   yeah no , i do n't trust any `` expert analysts '' anymore , at least not when it comes to matters regarding the eu and our sovereignty . 
  well done you . 
  what do you trust instead ? 
  gut feelings ? 
  anecdotes ? 
  pithy-sounding summaries ? 
   `` expert analysts '' also told us that if we agree on the free movement of people the immigration would only marginally increase , in reality the number was by the factor 7 higher than prognosticated by that expert , who did n't ( as one might expect ) suffer a reputation loss and a downfall in his career , he somehow has now a top position in a german institute ( not saying that he 's necessarily corrupted , but it definitely leaves a bad taste ) . 
  sigh . 
  i can feel myself getting ruder here , but this is piece of arrant nonsense which rather deserves it . 
  free movement has been part of the eu for over a generation , so clearly you 're not actually referring to free movement . 
  the event you 're referring to is presumably recent , which suggests you 're talking about the accession of eastern european states in 2004 , and about the decision whether to allow immigration from those states immediately , or to use the moratorium period of up to seven years . 
  predictions based on the likely movement if there were no moratorium did rather fall down in the face of the fact that only a couple of eu states chose not to use the moratorium , but that 's hardly surprising . 
  i have no idea why the expert in question moving , as academics generally do , to a different country `` leaves a bad taste '' for you , but that it does makes me think very much less of you . 
   well i ca n't nail it down in numbers either , that 's why i asked you guys for your own views and experiences . 
  which will be as collectively useless as just going by your own views , frankly . 
  the plural of ` anecdote ' is not ` objective data ' . 
   no , but i did n't say that ? 
  well , yes , you did . 
  i said `` germany is n't dominant , look at how often it gets outvoted '' , and you said `` that just shows how dominant they are , and their agenda-pushing '' . 
  your comment reduces either to that , or means nothing at all except that you did n't really like counter-evidence . 
   i started this discussion with an open question regarding a very basic yet fundamental matter , and not single `` bad headline '' about a minor issue . 
  you asked whether small countries minded giving up sovereignty `` to bigger countries '' in the eu , and have only been able to offer as evidence of such a thing a couple of headline issues , and ones where the matters in question are n't solved by normal eu processes , but are instead settled solely in the council . 
  all that sustains you in your argument is that you started out with the view that that 's what happens , and you 're unwilling to adjust to the evidence that it is n't , or listen to any expert views that say it is n't , based on your bad experiences with expert opinion on unrelated and irrelevant subjects . 
  were i you , the question i 'd be asking is `` why do i have this belief despite there being sod-all evidence for it and a good deal of evidence and expert opinion against it , and why is it an important narrative for me ? '' . 
  if we 're going to talk about something that 's only happening in your mind , we 'd do better examining your thought processes than trying to answer as if it were real . 
   which is another issue i have . 
  the commission members are being ( pretty much ) elected by the executive powers of the single states , to then also act as an legislator ( and also as an executor ) , which just breaks the concept of the separation of powers . 
  no , because the commission is not a legislator in the usual sense - it has only the power of initiative . 
   yet this kind exists too . 
  examples ? 
   and indirectly by the council , in which the smaller countries have a lot less weight no , not ` indirectly by the council ' , just by the commission . 
   i 'm just questioning if the current eu really means an increase of influence and sovereignty for the smaller country . 
  it honestly seems the exact opposite , the smaller ones traded a lot of sovereignty for relatively little influence , while a few big ones gained a lot of influence and power which easily makes up for the sovereignty they had to give up for it . 
  that 's almost the exact opposite of the view of expert analysts . 
  not to say that they might not be wrong , and you right , but you 'd need a bit more than `` seems to me '' in your corner - and again , the available evidence suggests that you 're wrong even at first glance . 
  virtually none of the small countries have political parties dedicated to restoring their ` lost sovereignty ' - on the contrary , that 's a feature of the larger countries . 
   also has to do with their role of pushing a certain eu course really hard , their very `` important '' role in certain eu matters and their very unified political establishment . 
  ah , so even them being outvoted is evidence of their dominance . . ? 
   it barely does . 
  see the complete failure of handling the migration problem ( germany just making a huge decisions completely on its own , not giving the slightest shit about the views of the other treaty members , yet demanding `` solidarity '' ; the central european states not wiled to even take a single refugee ) , see the dispute between the good export focused countries ( that want an european market with more and more sales area , but closed to outer competitors ) and service focused countries , ... 
  i think you 've focused on a single recent exception of relatively little importance . 
  not to say that there are n't areas where the eu barely works . 
  there obviously are , but they 're the exciting exception rather than the boring norm - one reason why they generate much more coverage than , for example , mutual recognition of qualifications , the customs union , the european open skies agreement , freedom of movement , roaming charges , pet passports , phone chargers , medicine safety ... the list of what works is very very long compared to your example . 
  i think this is part of the brexit problem , to be honest - so much of the day to day stuff just * works * , and there 's so much of it , that the uk 's eurosceptics thought , like you , that the eu was about a couple of headline issues where it did n't work well . 
  those issues do n't even constitute the ` tip of the iceberg ' that is the day to day functional eu - they 're hardly more than a couple of noisy penguins on top of the iceberg . 
  the camera focuses on them because they move and make noise , but they 're not even minimally important . 
   let 's be honest , if now ( especially with the uk out ) germany and france make a common decision ( with maybe italy also agreeing on it ) , it has a very good chance to just become an order to the smaller countries . 
  that 's one of those memes ( myths , perhaps ) that is not supported by anyone who observes or participates in the decision-making . 
  first , the commission has the sole right of legislative initiative , and all eu legislation gets its initial drafting there . 
  that 's deliberate , and intended to prevent the pushing of national agendas . 
  the commission 's staff is not dominated by big country nationals , and ` national ' representation on the college of commissioners is egalitarian . 
  second , think about the decisions that are being made at the eu level . 
  not the rare exceptions that make the news , but the day to day working of the eu . 
  the decisions are n't the kind that really lend themselves to this kind of `` our way or the highway '' pushing , and there 's not usually an obvious national advantage to be gained . 
  third , the decisions made are not enforced by the bigger countries , but by the commission and the cjeu . 
  if a small country really objects to a measure adopted , it has the option to fight it in the cjeu , or to drag its feet on compliance . 
  there is no mechanism for the bigger states to enforce unpopular measures on the smaller ones except legal ones which are not in their hands . 
  fourth , simple evidence - germany is the second most likely country to be outvoted on the council after the uk , and the frequency with which countries find themselves outvoted is n't related to size . 
  see , for example : https://www.theguardian.com/world/datablog/2015/nov/02/is-uk-winner-or-loser-european-council  let 's be honest , pretty much everyone puts his own interests first , and when doing so the current system is a much better tool for the bigger countries . 
  let 's be honest , the eu would n't work if that was so . 
  it 's a eurosceptic meme , the one that led to the belief that a rash of countries would follow the uk out of the eu , like they just lacked courage to leave the abusive eu system until the uk bravely showed the way . 
  the truth is that it 's nonsense - if you believe it , you believe it in the face of the evidence . 
   according to the world bank the effective tax rate in ireland is 12.4 % that figure is based on a notional company which is a wholly domestic ceramic flowerpot maker , as the [ pwc report ] ( https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/paying-taxes/pdf/pwc-paying-taxes-2017-appendix1.pdf ) it 's based on makes clear :  assumptions about the business  performs general industrial or commercial activities . 
  specifically , it produces ceramic flowerpots and sells them at retail . 
  it has no relevance whatsoever to ireland 's tax arrangements with multinationals . 
  tautologically true - we define profit taxable in ireland , tax it at the effective rate , and use that tautology to claim there 's no discussion to be had . 
  but the discussion about ireland 's multinational tax regime is really about what gets defined as `` profit taxable in ireland '' . 
  the `` double irish '' did n't affect the rate of corporation tax levied by ireland , it just defined the bulk of profits as not profits taxable in ireland . 
  apple paid the standard rate of corporation tax on its profits in ireland , but the profits it agreed to declare in ireland bore little relation to its profitability . 
   how do you not think that you gave up a huge part of your former sovereignty to the bigger countries of europe because we never had it in the first place . 
  the bigger countries dominate europe with or without the eu , but being in the eu at least puts us on a level legal playing field , and since we actually have * some * votes , there 's a reason to pay attention to what we want , whereas before it was simply ignored . 
  without the eu , the european playing field is a mixed-age playground with no adults - with it , there 's a referee , rules , a sense of team , common goals . 
  yes , there 's rivalry , and we 're not as important as the bigger countries , but we ca n't just be headbutted into the ground for daring to touch the ball . 
  i do n't think that 's what they thought would be the effect - i think they were voting for a better deal . 
  holy crap !, 
   it 's hard to imagine how any alternative would be worse to the reality . 
  it seems , though , that the majority of greeks can imagine it quite clearly , and have remained resolutely in favour of the euro , even if they hate the ecb . 
  vastly so ... 
   i think you and me think of very different industries to be brutally frank , yes - i think you 're thinking of unrealistic theoretical ones in a one-dimensional economic graph . 
   i fail to see how the drachmea would not have helped all other factors being the same if greece had had the drachma all other factors would n't have been the same . 
  any help that drachma devaluation would give would have been very brief ( as in a few months ) and limited in a crisis which is systemically deep and has lasted nearly a decade . 
  its main effect would have been an even greater decline in greek living standards , with all that that implies in terms of social unrest and business flight . 
  as i said before , the greeks support their euro membership .
