  and the government works quite hard to ensure that people are n't really aware of what 's happening . 
   well a new laws passed and by 2020 ( i think ) all the companies will have to pay their taxes were their activites are . 
  if you 're thinking of the `` common consolidated tax base '' , it 's not on its way into law as yet . 
  if you 're thinking of the irish law change that means companies have to be tax-resident if incorporated here , then yes . 
  it does n't get all that much better with drink !, 
  a relative of mine is a tax consultant , and sufficiently enthused by his field of expertise to pin you for a half hour exposition of schedule d income if even slightly provoked . 
  we have n't spoken in years as a result of careful tax consultant planning on my part . 
   of all i care you can have a 0 % tax on companies if you like , just not from companies that do their business out of ireland . 
  that 's not down to irish tax law , though - that 's down to the tax law of other countries . 
  a company based in ireland could n't relocate its profits to ireland from france if french tax law did not allow that to happen . 
  the idea that there 's some kind of retrospective application of a change of law is a staple of the public debate around the case , but it 's rare to see anyone put forward exactly what legal change is supposed to be involved . 
  in 2014 , ireland changed the law on non-resident related companies of the kind apple was using , true . 
  but the commission 's case does not involve extending that change backwards in time . 
  nor has there been any change in state aid law that is being applied backwards . 
  nor does the case involve the details of transfer pricing rules , since the revenue apparently did n't bother with details at all . 
  what bit of law was changed and then applied retroactively , in your view ? 
  it 's not quite as easy as that . 
  first , that would have no effect on the back taxes . 
  second , it would be a good deal more expensive than paying irish taxes . 
  third , it would quite possibly be opposed by shareholders on that basis . 
  fourth , it 's unnecessary . 
  if apple decides to hold the ip in ireland and pay irish taxes - and it appears that last year it did so - then those taxes paid will be set off against the tax owed to the us treasury . 
  so while apple does n't get to have its tax pile entirely tax free , it does n't pay any more tax than it would have done in theory when it eventually decided to repatriate its overseas profits . 
  the only loser here is the us , whose tax laws created the whole situation in the first place . 
  profits earned anywhere globally can be taxed in ireland - we do n't only tax profits earned in ireland :  all income of an irish resident company , wherever it arises , will normally be liable to irish corporation tax . 
  in addition , and subject to applicable double taxation treaty provisions , a non-resident company carrying on a business in ireland through an agency or branch will be liable to corporation tax on all income arising through that branch or agency . 
  and while irish tax law recognises the value added by ip held outside the country , the ip for non-us apple products ( as for many multinationals ) is actually held by the irish registered company , not in the us . 
  otherwise , the profits arising from that ip would be immediately taxable in the us . 
  they avoid the profits being taxable in ireland by ensuring that the companies concerned are irish registered , but not irish resident . 
  they have irish branches , but they 're not the command and control centre , they 're just a branch office - a limited purpose offshoot . 
  us tax law allows companies to split ip into domestic and overseas , and inventive use of transfer pricing rules allows the us main company to transfer ip from us-based r&d to their overseas operations for relatively low amounts - basically , you could say they sell the ip to their overseas branches at the supposed ` beta ' stage , and only then ` discover ' that when it 's incorporated into their products it 's amazingly worth a lot more . 
  who knew ? 
  i mean , it * could * have been a lemon , right ? 
  the tax deferral the us allows would n't work if the ip were just held by their us company - then the profits would be immediately taxable as the current profits of a us company . 
  the theory is that the overseas operation , a separate company , will eventually transfer its cash stash back to the us company . 
  it 's a separate company , and a non-us one , even though it 's owned by a us company . 
  so for tax planning reasons , apple and others have ensured that the ip that adds most of the value to their products is not held in the us , but in companies registered in ireland ( or the netherlands , or luxembourg etc ) . 
  which means that if for whatever reason their tax planning breaks , the technically correct destination for the taxes is therefore ireland , not the us , by virtue of the choices made by the companies and allowed by us law . 
  we did n't choose that , and clearly did n't intend it , but if the pipeline irish tax law allows mncs to use to funnel profits through ireland breaks , the cash spill happens in ireland . 
  we do n't need to raise the tax rate , though , and nobody at this point is asking us to . 
  the problem is not the 12.5 % rate , but the fact that we routinely allow them to classify 90 % + of their profits as untaxable in ireland at that rate . 
  so while notionally multinationals pay 12.5 % on their `` profits '' as defined under irish tax law , that 's only true by carefully defining `` profits taxable in ireland '' as a tiny slice of what they actually make . 
  the rest we pretend to ourselves is taxed `` somewhere else '' , despite knowing perfectly well that it is n't . 
  and while it 's not up to us to * remedy * the flaws in us tax law , what we actually do is assist multinationals to * exploit * those flaws . 
  i think a majority in ireland believe that we 're not - certainly i get a * lot * of flak for saying it - and honestly believe that we just have a competitive tax rate that makes other countries jealous . 
  the irish establishment encourages that view at every opportunity . 
  the apple tax case is portrayed as an attack on our tax sovereignty by an eu that wants to take away our competitive tax rate and ... well , i 'm not entirely sure - steal the taxes we do n't even get ? 
  something like that . 
  i 'm sorry to say that 's quite a popular view in ireland . 
  ... why we have the eu . 
  so we can be snippy in committees instead . 
  which means it actually exaggerates europe 's area . 
  europe has even more wars per area than it seems on the map as given . 
   uninhabited areas like greenland and siberia are blown up out of proportion . 
  so the conflict density is reduced . 
  not entirely - an area-preserving projection ( like the peters projection ) would make europe smaller . 
  i agree though that the prevalence of written history in europe and its current availability both tend to enhance the number in europe relative to the rest of the world , which has fewer sources * and * less well known . 
  they 've * been * doing it for years . 
  sure ... there is no market , business , political , or diplomatic uncertainty at all . 
  and that 's without activating article 50 or actually leaving yet . 
  and we certainly do n't share our island with a bit of the uk which contains paramilitary forces who have only recently given up violence on foot of increased cooperation between the uk and ireland , gobs of eu funding , and an effectively invisible border . 
   if they have to pay their 12.5 % yeah , well , i should have added that when we closed the tax mechanism that allowed multinationals to pay sod-all , we did immediately open another one to replace it . 
  i actually do n't think we 'd do too badly now just relying on our low rate - which is of course what we publicly * claim * to be doing - rather than really bending over backwards . 
  but i think our politicians and people like the ida are used to having it easy , and get extremely excited and apocalyptic when that 's threatened . 
  not unless the revenue has used the same ad-hoc approach to their tax affairs . 
  in any case , we already phased out the tax mechanism in question . 
  apparently last year 's sudden massive hike in gdp and corporation tax was apple moving its non-us intellectual assets into ireland as a result , so this does n't really even have any impact on apple bar the money . 
  i doubt they 'd hand over command to the commission . 
  it would be under control of the member states ( the council of the eu ) . 
   the same tax regime was available to any company who wanted to take advantage of it . 
  the same tax regime was available to any company that * qualified * for it . 
  apple apparently did n't dot the i 's and cross the t 's on compliance , and the revenue never checked . 
   so they had to stretch the definition to include benefits encoded in the country 's tax law . 
  no , there is no issue with irish tax law here , only its application . 
  the revenue in effect did n't even apply irish tax law - they accepted a sum offered by apple for which there was no basis other than that was the amount apple felt like offering . 
  and they accepted that apple ireland 's ` stateless ' head office did all the important stuff to earn the profits , without any evidence , or any apparent investigation , as to whether that was really true . 
   and a protest against domestic ( and eu ) policy of austerity . 
  the uk is n't a signatory to the fiscal treaty - any decision to impose austerity in the uk was entirely domestic . 
   you 'd think the eu would realise there 's no practical way for negotiations to proceed until we 've got our shit together . 
  that 's a uk internal matter , though . 
  you 're leaving , and causing problems for other countries ( not least my own ) , you do n't get any automatic quota of goodwill from the remaining members . 
   a good trade deal is in the mutual interest of both the uk and the eu regardless of who has the upper hand or who will be benefit the most . 
  sure , but `` a good trade deal '' really means the `` best possible '' for each party . 
  that does depend heavily on who has the upper hand . 
  this has nothing to do with our rate of corporation tax or our tax rules - it has to do with us not applying them properly . 
  that does n't change the point , though , which was n't so much about journalism in general , but about people posting agenda pieces . 
  he/she was already in agreement with the point of view expressed , though , and was probably aware of arguments both ways . 
  someone unaware of the counter-arguments might go away from a very one-sided article both convinced and being unaware that there are counter-arguments . 
  and once someone has adopted a position , they tend to defend it even when they do find out that there are counter-arguments , and no matter what the strength of those counter-arguments . 
  they 're already invested , and humans just are n't as rational as we 'd like . 
  it 's why `` if you 're explaining , you 're already losing '' is a strong principle in debate , because it means the person you 're discussing with has * already * adopted the opposite position . 
   the problem with this case is it opens the door for similar rulings against other multinationals in ireland which would inevitably scare some away . 
  only if they 've done the same as apple . 
  there are two problems with apple 's taxes , according to the commission , and neither of them have to do with any general principles . 
  first , the revenue did n't * calculate * apple ireland 's due tax by any method applied to any company . 
  they just accepted an offer from apple . 
  second , apple 's claim that all the profits were earned by the head office of its irish company does n't stack up , because the head office did n't do anything even remotely relevant to earning those profits . 
  for another company to fall into the same hole as apple , they need both to have negotiated their taxes by just offering whatever money they felt like paying , and then to have screwed up by having their offshore office be * visibly * nothing but a shell to avoid tax . 
  if this is generally true of multinationals in ireland , then our claims not to be a tax haven are comprehensively false . 
   at the end of the day , we want a more capable european ally that remains the junior partner in the transatlantic relationship .
