  maybe they do n't understand their own economy , or maybe they understand it a bit better than armchair theoreticians . 
   industry goes where they can produce cheaply . 
  actually , industry looks for where they can produce reliably and without risk first , then looks for the cheapest option in that bracket . 
  and direct labour costs are only one component of ` cheapest ' - transport , regulation , legal and tax environments all factor in , as well as productivity . 
  greece has * none * of these things going for it . 
  even when it had one of europe 's softer currencies , it still was n't an attractive option . 
  plus devaluation is , as has been pointed out many times before , is a temporary solution , and most effective and longer lasting where the country produces domestically most of what it needs , which is , again , not the case for greece . 
  the problem is that , to put it very bluntly , greece has n't modernised its economy in the last fourty years . 
  it does n't do much value-added stuff at all , domestically or for export . 
  as a result it imports most high-end stuff , including a lot of consumer products ( and military equipment , on which it spends a high % of gdp ) - a pattern characteristic of the third world rather than europe . 
  greece has had no visible difficulties with primary exports since joining the euro , though . 
  the limits on its primarily agricultural export products are those of agricultural productivity , not the euro . 
  the argument that the strength of the euro is the problem with greece lacks all of the evidence to support it . 
  it 's one of those arguments that 's prima facie reasonable and * could * be true , but fails entirely in the face of the facts . 
  she was the subject of many adolescent fantasies in eighties ireland . 
  the us does n't really have civilian casualties , though . 
   well why does an economy not export with a too expensive currency ? 
  because it ca n't . 
  that 's true , but irrelevant to greece , since it 's not the only reason a country 's exports may be uncompetitive , and it 's not the problem for greece . 
  greece has never been a ` value-added ' exporting country , because it has never sorted out the * internal * problems that make exporting business uncompetitive there . 
  ireland , on the other hand , made itself an exporting country from the same agriculture-plus-tourism position that greece is still in fourty years on , even though the irish currency was pegged to sterling before the euro , and has therefore always been ` over-valued ' . 
  something the `` free-floating devaluable currency '' meme ( and it 's just that ) misses out on is that it 's not easy become an intermediary point in modern high-value manufacturing chains with a fluctuating currency . 
  if the chain is a -  b -  c , and you could do b -  c , then with a devalued currency you would be able to make and export c competitively ... except that the intermediate input b which you need to import is purchased with the same currency as your work in doing b -  c . so when it 's possible for you to make and export c cheaply because your currency is cheap , your imports of b are relatively expensive for you , and vice-versa . 
  added to that , most businesses find it cheaper to operate in a stronger stable currency than deal with fluctuations in their supply chain . 
   guess what happened . 
  people drew simplistic conclusions which bore no relation to the facts ? 
  it would have done if greece exported value-added products/services , but it never has - its exports are primary products and tourism . 
  for greece , the stability of the euro over the drachma outweighs any advantages of drachma weakness over the euro 's strength . 
  that 's why greeks support the euro still . 
   again , that 's not actual research . 
  if you only report the results if it favours your view it 's what feynman called cargo cult science . 
  it 's not really science at all . 
  it 's just propaganda you 're mixing up two entirely different things there . 
  the science that 's done is real science , the use is propaganda . 
  i have a medical researcher friend . 
  for years he worked in an area of no interest to drug companies , and had to fight for funding to go to conferences etc. 
  now he works in an area that they have drugs for , so he 's going all over the place at drug company expense . 
  his research methods and his personal integrity have n't changed , but either according to you he 's now doing cargo cult science , or your summary of what that is is very poorly thought out . 
  well , no , you 're not going to have prominent experts working as lobbyists , usually , because someone working as a lobbyist is n't maintaining their expertise . 
  lobby groups would normally employ the people you mentioned - political , lawyers etc - and commission reports and research from experts . 
  obviously they 're not commissioning research in order go weaken their position , so they 'll go for an expert whose research or report will support their views . 
  that 's rarely a case of bribes , at least overtly , since most policy decisions are taken in areas which are reasonably debatable , but the results offered to policymakers by the lobbyists are still biased . 
  again , that sounds logical , but again , that 's not enough to make it true . 
  one of the problems with it , and one for which there is good evidence , is that media is more likely to be working with lobbying efforts than independently investigating it on a day to day basis . 
  that sounds logical at first glance , but the evidence says it 's bunk . 
  the majority of eu member states do n't have registers of lobbyists , those that do are voluntary , and only a couple of them predate the eu register . 
  lobbying mostly consists of expert advice - just biased expert advice . 
  and like most brexit arguments , it 's a poor one . 
  every national government is also lobbied - in fact , much brussels lobbying is a replacement for national lobbying . 
  one could argue , as well , that brexit is actually the outcome of lobbying . 
   for example the lisbon treaty basically mandates a free market economy and there 's eu legislation that would prevent corbyn from nationalising railways or the postal service , among many other things . 
  that 's not the case , it 's just a popular left-wing euromyth . 
  eu legislation and the lisbon treaty lay out how nationalised services must be treated to prevent them using government support to compete on unequal terms . 
  you can view that as being set within the context of a free market economy , but only in the sense that governments are n't free to create subsidised ` national champions ' with their nationalised services . 
  it 's about keeping a level playing field within the internal market - it does n't prevent any member state from nationalising services , or from running nationalised services . 
  if you look round europe , there are plenty of nationalised services , and during the banking crisis banks were nationalised without running foul of lisbon or eu regulation . 
  what prevents it happening in the uk is free market ideology across the political spectrum and media , not the eu . 
   even then he could only force himself to say it was 7/10 lol i 'd consider myself pretty staunchly europhile , and i 'd probably give it 7.5 . 
  it looked exactly like that on friday . 
  were you walking friday or saturday ? 
  i do n't see this as either surprising or as some kind of long-term trend-setter . 
  the government made it clear it was setting out to do quite drastic things within a pretty urgent context if they had a majority , and labour was the only credible way of opposing that . 
  it was n't a normal `` whose policies do you prefer overall ? '', 
  election . 
   how many of those capsules can simultaneusly be in one tube ? 
  given it 's a vacuum , i would think the spacing between capsules depends only on the same factors as buses - load/unload times and safety distance , with the former probably the larger factor . 
  a capsule probably needs only a couple of minutes to slow to a stop if the capsule ahead stops , but loading/unloading probably needs 10 minutes at least . 
  more than one ` platform ' would help there . 
  you could probably run them at roughly bus-like intervals , rather than thinking of them like trains . 
  not sure about that explanation , since benford 's law holds for large sets of naturally occurring numbers , including such things as death rates and river lengths . 
  in respect of accounting , where you would expect benford 's law to hold is in the transaction-level data . 
  i 'm not sure that aggregate data such as national accounts would be expected to follow the pattern . 
  a likely better explanation for it is that a lot of natural distributions are power-law scaled - transaction sets should have very many small transactions and very few large ones , the likelihood of a transaction being of a given size falling exponentially with size . 
  a transaction of size 1 is thus more likely than one of size 2 , and so on up to 9 , and even though transactions of size 9 are more common than those of size 10 , transactions of size 10-19 are more likely than 20-29 , which are themselves more likely than 30-39 , and so on . 
  once you reach the hundreds , values in the range 100-199 are going to be more common than 200-299 , and again so on . 
  so for each and every order of magnitude , the most common transactions will be those starting with 1 , the least common those starting with 9 , simply because smaller transactions are more common . 
  1 is more common than 2 , 10-19 more common than 20-29 , 100-199 more common than 200-299 - add that up over the whole range and numbers starting with 1 will be much more common . 
  most people seem to go for lemass and lynch . 
  more the latter , i 'm afraid . 
  enrico dandolo , 41st doge of venice , aged 92 and blind , personally led the venetian assault on byzantium 's sea walls in the fourth crusade - and did n't die . 
  no , true , the gates have no gothic features . 
  it 's more the face of the dam that gives a gothic impression . 
  there 's a certain air of buttressness to it . 
  from having worked in the british and norwegian offshore sectors , i can understand the norwegian reluctance . 
  british helicopters were flying in weather that had the norwegian sector locked down , with fatal results . 
   he says there are `` thousands '' of people with top-secret clearance in the u.s. security apparatus , and , in a damning verdict , calls into question their professionalism . 
  `` they do not treat ` top-secret , ' that sort of classification , with the same seriousness that we do . '' when everything is `` top secret '' , nothing is . 
   david cameron refused that and made it all into a state-to-state negotiation ? 
  well , that 's what he wanted , certainly , but he did n't get it , and juncker was elected . 
   the parliament is basically just an advisory body , it does n't legislate . 
  that is n't the case . 
  they ca n't initiate legislation , but they can amend and block it . 
   ah , now i understand . 
  as long as there was a vote at some point somewhere in the process everything following is perfectly democratic . 
  it 's how brexit is working . 
  but usually . 
   currently , countries want power to reside more with the ec , because national governments appoint the commissioners . 
  well , more with the council , perhaps , given that 's the governments . 
  i do n't think the governments want an ep in which meps can propose legislation that binds the governments . 
  broadly , they 're cautious of the ep , but on the other hand , the member state governments are the ones who grant the ep power , and have consistently granted it more power .
