  as in denmark , a populist socially right-wing party can happily espouse economically left-wing policies , justifying them economically by claiming that not supporting foreigners would make an expansion of government support possible . 
  ah well , i suppose it 's no more than a reversion to the traditional socio-economic closure of countries . 
  progressive social and economic policies require trust and optimism , the main casualties of this crisis and almost any crisis . 
  the role of good leadership is to encourage trust and optimism , bad leadership to encourage fear and pessimism - unfortunately , we seem to have rather more charismatic individuals trying for the latter than for the former . 
  i 'll wait for the ntma 's figures , i think . 
   what austerity in the eurozone means is , to move private liability to be public debts . 
  which means that private banks have off-loaded their bad loans on tax-payers . 
  no , that involves ignoring the fact that the taxpayers borrowed the money in the first place . 
  what would be involved in the preferred left-wing solution is that the taxpayer privatises their unwillingness to pay . 
  er , we had austerity in ireland ( still do ) , and our debt to gdp has dropped from 123 % in 2013 to 107 % by end 2014 . 
  it is n't - greek debt repayments as a % of gdp ( 11.5 % ) are only fractionally above ireland 's ( 11.1 % ) , and that 's before factoring in the flow back from the ecb . 
  that 's very neat - it delivers a face-saving climbdown for the eu ( look !, 
  varoufakis ' head ! ), 
  at the same time as the oxi slap . 
  a way of saying `` see , we in syriza were right to oppose the deal offered , but we do n't want to be the obstacle to a new deal '' . 
  magnificently inaccurate , at least . 
   it 's not a case of `` i , as a private lender loan you a public institution $ 5bn , you pay me interest in return when times are good - and when my inability to discern risk leads to reckless lending practices which collapse the national economy , you simply get the taxpayer to step in and reimburse my losses and fund my ability to maintain an acceptable capital-adequacy ratio '' . 
  that 's what happened . 
  no , it 's pretty much the other way round . 
  the greek banks were ok until the writedown of greek public debt held by private lenders . 
  greek banks did n't collapse the greek economy or the greek state - the greek state benefited from collapsing banks . 
  the writedown of private sector debt in 2012 was worth $ 100bn to greece , even after recapitalising the greek banks . 
   the fact that much of the debt which led to the necessary recapitalisation of the greek banks was greek government bonds ( ggbs ) does n't undermine the fact that these were private loans - the capital used to fund greek government expenditure was private capital . 
  a risk was taken in lending , said risk was poorly assessed . 
  when you make a bad loan , you lose money - end of story . 
  saying something is a private loan does not make it not public responsibility when it was borrowed as public debt . 
  you 're basically saying that borrowers have no real responsibility to repay debt - it 's the fault of the lender , or just tough shit for the lender . 
  and in this case , the borrower was lying about its true indebtedness - with all the resources at the disposal of the state to make the lie stick . 
  i agree that people should have been more wary of lending to greece than they were , but part of the reason they were is because greece was lying to them . 
   yes , it is . 
  you 're unable to differentiate between two completely seperate concepts , namely ggbs and the process of recapitalisation . 
  you should familiarise yourself with property rights before you return to this exchange . 
  the greek bank recap was only $ 48bn of greek debt , and , as said , came about because they had to write off half the value of the greek government bonds they were holding in 2012 . 
   the ggbs which made up significant portions of the balance sheets of greek banks were public debt - that much you seem to grasp . 
  the point that you seem to be utterly incapable of understanding is that when said debts ( which are public debt , but private loans ) decrease in asset value , it is not the responisibility of the greek state to step in and recapitalise these private institutions , it was their choice to do so , in order to keep having banks . 
   who , under no threat of coercion , made a choice to lend money to the greek government in fact , greek private lenders were required by law to hold greek government bonds . 
   using loans paid for by the troika , guaranteed by the taxpayer . 
  this is a socialisation of private debt . 
  the greeks are paying for the losses of private creditors - the fact that the government is the debtor in this relationship is neither here nor there . 
  had the greek banks never lent the money in the first place , this debacle would simply not have happened . 
  this is not socialisation of private debt , this is europeanisation of greek public debt . 
  you concentrate on who loaned the money , as if the lender being private made the debt somehow a purely private problem - others look at who benefited from the spending the money . 
  the latter is the normal way of determining responsibility . 
  i 've said it before elsewhere , that the kind of narrative you 've convinced yourself of is that used in anti-jewish pogroms through european history - demonise the lenders , pretend that debt is somehow the fault and responsibility of the lender rather than the borrower that spent it , and burn them . 
  the target this time is not jews but banks , and the burning and forced haircuts are financial rather than physical , but the self-serving narrative is identical , and the facts as irrelevant to you as to any mobbed-up artisan with a torch in his fist . 
  it does seem like many people believe that if debt is owed * to * private banks , then it 's `` private debt '' , no matter who it 's owed * by * . 
  public debt is * normally * owed to private banks . 
  and , god knows , in this case , the money we 're talking about greece defaulting on is n't even owed to private banks , but to other governments and their taxpayers . 
  it 's as if one half of the debate on greece is just taking the terms involved and jumbling them up to make an appealing narrative . 
   i know what you 're saying , though . 
  i 've dealt with my fair share of bad data sourced from government agencies and it 's almost never fun . 
  my point is more : it 's not that it was n't known , it 's more that no one cared for geopolitical reasons . 
  to be honest , i do n't think one even needs to cite geopolitical reasons , since i do n't think that applies to euro membership in the same way it applies to eu membership . 
  i suspect that because really checking the likely state of the books would indeed be hard , and could not be done for greece alone ( politically , singling greece out for such scrutiny would have been a non-runner ) , it was not done beyond the most basic level for any country . 
  given that eurostat is the primary statistical service for the eu , and that eurostat published greek figures as provided by greece ( admittedly with a methodological caveat ) , i 'm pretty certain that national figures were basically taken as true , whatever reservatons the statisticians may have had about them . 
  seeing something like this in the convergence report for greece ( that is , the report on greece 's readiness for euro entry ) reinforces that view :  however , vulnerability could arise from continued high debt if slippages in the country 's fiscal performance were to raise the perceived credit risk of public debt . 
  further improvements in the transparency and quality of statistical data would strengthen the monitoring of fiscal developments . 
  those two observations basically describe the root causes of the greek crisis , and the market shock it produced , along with making it fairly clear that the source for convergence criteria statistics about greece was greece . 
   note , i am not saying that it is n't a lot of work , but the greek data cooking was , as most data cooking is , trivial to detect if you subjected the data to very simple statistical tests for fraud/irregularity detection . 
  i agree with that - but the problem here is that detecting that the data has been cooked is easy but pointless , since you can pretty much assume it , perhaps in the case of almost any government 's official data . 
  what such detection does n't tell you is the scale , which is the issue here , and i 'm not sure what outside data you might have which is not ultimately derived from the official figures in the first place . 
  anyone who has spent time trying to assemble statistical data at government level is familiar , i think , with the experience of confronting yet another patchwork of irreconcilable fragmentary datasets ( different time periods , different baselines , different metrics , different assumptions , different almost anything ) , or even a simple absence , instead of what you feel ought to be fairly basic data . 
   why should they ? 
  i quote from a recent article by nobel laurate in economics joseph stiglitz :  we should be clear : almost none of the huge amount of money loaned to greece has actually gone there . 
  it has gone to pay out private-sector creditors -- including german and french banks . 
  greece has gotten but a pittance , but it has paid a high price to preserve these countries ' banking systems . 
   it 's not their debt , it 's private debt that was socialised to protect a structurally unsound monetary union . 
  ah , come on , not this rubbish again . 
  the money has `` gone to private banks '' because that 's who the greek government borrowed it from . 
  borrowed it , and spent it , in greece . 
  * all * the money greece owes was spent * by * greece , not by the bloody tooth fairy . 
  the money being loaned to greece by institutional lenders and other governments divides into two parts - money to repay what greece already spent , and more money for greece to spend . 
  but all of it , every single cent , has been or will be spent by greece . 
  it 's not `` private debt socialised '' , it 's greek public debt in the first place . 
   it is pretty much common knowledge that eu politicians knew at the time that the greeks cooked their books to some degree and still let them enter the eurozone . 
  that 's what that point was about i think . 
  everybody did to some degree , so they assumed that greece was doing it to the same degree . 
  which they were n't , as it turns out . 
  people assume , i think , that it 's somehow possible , or even easy , to check a country 's books , and know what the real story is . 
  in fact , it 's hard work even for a country 's government to get the figures . 
  for an outside government or institution to get them is effectively impossible . 
  there was no option to check the books if the books were cooked . 
  but not for burning in effigy . 
  it could be another guy fawkes ... 
   there are other angles to look at the situation from . 
  have you seen this article ? 
  i have - and the idea of the rest of europe ` treating greece like america treats kentucky ' is that , again , it boils down to `` give greece as much money as it wants '' , this time as transfers in a transfer union . 
  thing about that is that greece is not to the eurozone as kentucky is to america - greece remains a sovereign country in many many ways , and kentucky is not . 
  nor am i a greek citizen , although i 'm a european one - but if i were a us citizen , i would have all the rights of a kentucky citizen in kentucky . 
  the problem with this bit :  rather than have greece default , and then possibly need to bail out their own banks , european governments gave greece giant loans so greece could pay the private banks what they owed . 
  is that it 's not actually true - private banks took a haircut of 50 % or more on their greek debt back in 2012 , and the governments of those banks bailed out their own banks as required . 
  the remainder has largely been replaced at much lower interest rates and much longer maturities , often with interest deferral . 
  the money that greece would be defaulting on is loans from other governments . 
  and even that ignores the fact that a greek default is a default on money they spent on themselves - it 's not just a number out of thin air . 
  they borrowed that money , they spent that money - the , er , ` default ' position is clearly that they pay back that money . 
  the counter-argument is that they simply ca n't , that their debt is ` unsustainable ' . 
  but greece 's interest burden as a % of gdp is not much higher than ireland 's , so ` unsustainable ' is very much a term that depends on your preferred definition . 
  the imf 's preferred definition is `` able to get back in the markets and return imf funds '' , for which the primary larker is debt capital to gdp , hence their preference for a debt writedown - one that does n't involve the imf , of course , because that would be counter-productive for their aims . 
  for the imf , it 's not about what 's best for greece or the eurozone in the longer term , it 's about getting the imf out of greece . 
  from a greek perspective ( or one greek perspective ) , ` unsustainable ' means that paying it cuts into their ability to sustain their economy with what it wants , which is government money - because their economy has been sustained that way for many years , and is bent well away from productive to ` dependent ' .
