  true , that 's a rather broad instrument , which does n't lend itself well to parliamentary style amendments , but still . 
  first , that assumes a simple civil society versus corporations setup , which is hardly the case - corporations , and so too do civil society organisations ( who represent particular interests , not the public at large ) . 
  second , no matter how secretly something is sneaked into ttip , it 's still going to be there in black and white in the final draft . 
   you can say that you do n't mind the secrecy of the negotiations because the deal will be public , but nobody will care , because plainly , that 's not what the current issue is . 
  so ... what * is * the issue ? 
   you ca n't say `` nothing about this deal is secretive '' when the negotiations are . 
  but you can say `` nothing about this deal will be secret once it has actually been finalised '' . 
   you can build a thousand examples like this one . 
  there are myriad things that could go into a trade deal which parliament would n't individually approve of but could n't reasonably anticipate . 
  an open process allows those things to be discussed before they become packaged with a ton of other things in a all-or-nothing decision . 
  sure , and i do n't think anybody would claim that the way treaties are created is very amenable to democratic control for that reason at least . 
  on the other hand , there does n't seem to * be * another way of creating a large-scale negotiated agreement . 
  negotiating where both parties are seeking the best deal possible for themselves , even with the best will in the world towards each other , requires a relatively free hand , or it is n't a negotiation . 
  transparency only on one side is obviously undesirable for anyone except the other party . 
  being completely open and transparent on both sides in a negotiation is obviously desirable in principle , but in practice it renders negotiation infeasibly difficult - possibly because we 're basically sociable monkeys , rather than some kind of perfect automata who could ignore the resulting pressures . 
  those pressures would obviously come from the general public , but equally and perhaps more sharply and immediately they would come from every vested interest that might be affected . 
  and it 's pretty clearly meaningless to say that any agreement has been reached if it can then be amended in detail by the respective parliaments , because those amendments have not been agreed by the other party , so the amended agreement is not what * they * agreed to , and quite possibly something they never would agree to . 
  nor is it likely that any negotiated agreement will consist solely of things to be welcomed with glad cries and happy press releases - there will be some bitter pills in there , and the whole agreement does actually stand or fall on the basis of * everything * in it , because it consists of a combination of what you want and they 'll ( probably ) agree to , and what they want and you 'll ( probably ) agree to . 
  you ca n't go back over it and pick and choose , because what it 's possible to pick and choose has already been picked and chosen ( or traded for something else ) . 
  so , yes , the shroud of secrecy over the core of the negotiation process is undesirable , but it 's hard to think of a better way that does n't involve utopian levels of optimism . 
  and the all or nothing decision is obviously unwelcome compared to being able to pick and choose with a free hand , but it actually * is * an all-or-nothing decision , and you do n't have a free hand . 
  having said that , because the agreement does have to be accepted by other bodies if it 's to come into force , negotiators will need and want to know in advance if any of what they 're agreeing to is going to turn out to be something that kills off the whole agreement and all their work . 
  that , in turn , implies that there will be constant formal and informal consultations with interested parties , particularly with the parliaments ( although , i suspect , mostly through the governments ) , as well as a hell of a lot of public-opinion-gauging both overt and less overt . 
   so you think the massive petition signings , letters being sent to representatives as low as community level and as high as mep level and demonstrations have had any effect on the comission and our national leaders plans to force this through ? 
  it has n't caused them to abandon the idea , or the negotiations , but it has caused the commission to suspend the isds part of the negotiations while some kind of mechanism acceptable to the public and the governments is looked for . 
  what you do , and what has been done , is for parliaments to set out red lines - `` we wo n't approve this deal if this/that is in it '' . 
  the negotiators then know what wo n't get past the parliament ( s ) without the parliaments having to know in advance what will eventually be agreed - which is fortunate , since that 's impossible . 
  if you feel that some point in ttip is important , you contact your representative in parliament and you let him/her know your red lines - that you wo n't be voting for him/her if he/she approves a ttip deal containing stuff you do n't like . 
  if you feel it 's * really * important , get as many people as possible to do likewise . 
  ideally , do it publicly , so that the negotiators also see it . 
  it 's not complicated , but it does require some effort . 
  your phone has tourettes . 
   if the eu had a common policy which had failed , fine . 
  however , in all of these issues , there never has been any policy to begin with . 
  why then do people blame the eu ? 
  because they realise that the solution is to be sought on a european level , because the nation states have failed to solve the problem time and again . 
  well put . 
  you could also make the point that people pick up the prevailing attitudes of their day - particularly of their childhood . 
  older people do n't just get more conservative ( socially conservative , usually more racist etc ) as they get older - we find them so because they grew up when those things were more ok than they are now . 
  if the world swings back towards a more conservative society , old people will be weirdly permissive compared to the young . 
  if someone is , say , 80 % compliant with the values they were surrounded by as a child , and those values were 100 % racist ( whatever that might mean ) , they 'll be at least 80 % racist just as a result of compliance with social norms . 
  if they grew up in a 50 % racist society , they 'd be 40 % racist in the same way . 
  sure , we all like to think we ( and the people we admire ) are capable of rejecting entirely any external influences - masters of our fate , captains of our soul etc - but that 's objectively highly unlikely , even if it 's worth trying for . 
  so if you find someone admirable , and would like to think of them as a good person , but they held unacceptable attitudes typical of their time , bear in mind that they probably were a good person , and would be unlikely to hold those attitudes had they grown up with your temporal advantages . 
  those are the systems in place in their respective countries , so it 's not exactly surprising . 
  just to be sure , i 'm not suggesting that reichsb\u00fcrger is * derived * from freemanry or vice versa , and indeed i 'd consider it much less interesting if it were . 
  i 'd see them as an interesting case of parallel evolution , or possibly some common ancestry . 
   the primary difference is that freemen/sovereign citizens do n't usually believe they can exert sovereignty over others , while reichsb\u00fcrger absolutely do believe they can . 
  yeah - that 's one of the interesting differences to me . 
   reichsb\u00fcrger also do n't commonly believe that there is some sort of magical government fund in their name that they can unlock with the right language , or that there is a legal difference between your birth certificate and you as `` a person of flesh and blood '' . 
  i 'd regard the first one as an interesting incidental - again , it 's rights vs entitlements - while the second is the same necessary step to freedom as is adherence to a ` true government ' for a reichsb\u00fcrger . 
  both put you beyond the reach of the apparent state by delegitimising the state 's documentation . 
  i 'd say that the similarities are clear even in your description . 
  the differences between an imaginary sovereignty of one person and an imaginary sovereign state which you 're in control of are definitely interesting , and seem reflective of the differences in us and european attitudes to government , but i would say the impetus behind them is clearly the same . 
  other major linkages : * the belief that the ( real ) state is both illegitimate and somehow commercial - freemen , for example , assert that courts are really commercial courts using the law of the sea . 
  * the belief in the magic of paperwork - freemen often contest court documents on the basis that they should have been written in a special ink , etc. 
  these guys believe that their piece of paper is just as effective and legal as anyone else 's because it has all the appropriate state mumbo-jumbo on it . 
  * the belief in the magic of legalese - both groups believe that if you read some constitutional or legal document or other the right way , you 'll clearly see that the state is illegitimate . 
  * the belief that a historical deception created the current state . 
   yes , people are literally giving us money for free they 're paying you to take it !, 
   basically , just that they are mostly not roaming around as `` free citizens '' , they make up their own countries . 
  the main difference from other freeman stuff is that it usually makes the * individual * sovereign in their own right , whereas perhaps europeans find it hard to go quite that far . 
  at base , though , it 's very similar - the individual belongs to , or is , a sovereign body which does not recognise the authority of the state , which it classes as some kind of corporate business entity whose only power over the citizen is contractual and only valid if accepted by the citizen . 
   of the 150,000 people who took the trouble to respond , 145,000 said they did not want corporate sovereignty provisions of any kind . 
  even the european commission could not spin that as a mandate for business as usual , and so it came up with what it called a `` path for reform '' ( pdf ) . 
  the result of that consultation should n't really be quoted as if 145,000 people had taken the trouble to submit their own thoughts on the matter . 
  nearly all of those submissions were boilerplate anti-isds ones from campaign websites - the equivalent of one protest letter with 145,000 signatures . 
  not something to be ignored , nor is the fact that there was no equivalent pro-ttip boilerplate , but each of those submissions is not really the equivalent of a unique submission . 
   there 's no question of such a [ judicial ] authority . 
  the us will not tolerate interference in its national sovereignty . 
  i 've made this point about isds arbitration panels before - that the fact that they 're ad-hoc means they 're not in a position to gather any further powers , and that that 's therefore less of a sovereignty issue than a permanent court . 
  the us would never accept a * permanent * non-us court having any jurisdiction over it ( part of their refusal of the international criminal court ) . 
  isds arbitration panels are what they are because they impact sovereignty less than a permanent court would , even if it seems the other way round at first glance . 
   due to psychological and sexual identity problems we more or less have those as a country - perhaps that 's why we criticise israel ... 
  interesting !, 
  that sounds like a variant of the various freeman conspiracy theories - all of which allow you to refuse to pay taxes , recognise courts , require real official papers . 
  er , no , i think we all understand that there are different levels of secrecy . 
  comparing it to other deals of the same kind seems kind of reasonable - and they were more secret , in that we had far less information about them . 
  ttip is more transparent than any previous trade deal , if you prefer to hate it that way round . 
   why would it make sense to run a campaign opposing it before you know the details ? 
  people already are . 
  the council sets the negotiating mandate for ttip , and can decide it has to be nationally ratified even if it does n't legally require it . 
  if ttip 's details were not being negotiated by the civil servants in the commission , they would be being negotiated by the civil servants in national civil services instead . 
  details are n't negotiated by politicians . 
   or the pretties in an ugly competition . 
  perhaps it is , but calling the prettiest person in an ugly competition `` the ugliest person in the world '' remains obviously wrong . 
  if ttip - about which we have a load of information already , before negotiations are even concluded - is `` hyper-secret '' , how does one even begin to describe something like the deals between the nsa and various european intelligence agencies ? 
  at this stage , ttip is really `` unknown/uncertain/unfinished '' rather than `` secret '' . 
  you ca n't have the details of what has been agreed , because it has n't been agreed . 
   secondly he uses the term `` very likely '' . 
  which is the same as the interview with the current trade commissioner i posted . 
  all of this is contrary to the claim that the deal must be ratified by all national parliaments . 
  not really , because `` very likely '' does n't mean `` we think that 's probably what we 'll choose '' , that maybe they 'll `` decide '' to let the national parliaments ratify or not . 
  it 's not a question of choice . 
  * if ttip contains elements that go beyond the eu 's competences - essentially here that 's quotas and tariffs from trade , and internal market regulations - then ttip * will * be a ` mixed agreement ' and therefore * must * be ratified by the national parliaments . 
  this is the case for ttip as it currently appears to stand , although since negotiations are ongoing , it 's a moving target . 
  * if , on the other hand , ttip only contains elements that are eu competences , then it is not a mixed agreement and will not require national ratification . 
  what 's `` very likely '' is that ttip will be a mixed agreement . 
  in the unlikely event that it is n't , it will therefore not contain most of the elements that concern people in the first place . 
  having said it 's not a question of choice , the council of national ministers can decide that even though legally it does n't have to be a mixed agreement , it will be treated as one anyway , as they did with such agreements with peru and columbia .
