  but they are , and the london tail wags the uk dog , so that 's where we * actually * are . 
   the americans are within every right to try and find out what a country with cosier relations to russia and iran than perhaps the rest of europe is thinking with regards to those powers . 
  ah , yes , the uk . 
  the country that does n't want sanctions against russia because it would hurt the city of london property market . 
  and the nsa 's best partner too . 
  the ironing is particularly piquant this day . 
   no one here really knows how us officials ( or any other officials ) actually think about this situation . 
  well , not until wikileaks have it , anyway ... 
   to be fair , this article was n't just one big hit against germany , it mentioned the french warships being built for russia , and ended with this statement from fiona hill : `` everyone was looking for a way to cooperate with the russian military and rushed to find ways to do it , including us so ... what you 're saying is that the us gets to `` push back '' at germany over germany 's annoyance at us spying ... by criticising germany for something the us was * also * doing ? 
  you know it 's only worth continuing to dig if you 're digging * up * , yes ? 
  you know , the apparent indignation in the article would go down a lot better if the us had n't been spying on germany . 
  that rather underestimates the scope of the blanket guarantee , which not only guaranteed all deposits ( over and above the existing deposit guarantee ) but also all debt issued by the bank . 
  it was n't simply a holding action to guarantee depositors - it was a massive exercise to allow the banks to continue tapping liquidity from the bond markets and retail deposits . 
  what do you take the point of the guarantee to be if not liquidity ? 
  `` conned '' is not quite the right word . 
  they believed that the problem with the banks was a liquidity issue - and it seems that the banks also believed that , so it 's somewhat more a case of the politicians and banks conning themselves . 
  which is something they 'd be doing for some years at that stage . 
  while it may seem incredible that the irish guarantee and the rest of the banking crisis in ireland was primarily the outcome of group stupidity and self-deceit rather than conspiracy , the evidence points that way . 
   the primary cause of the crisis was the reckless lending of german and french banks ( both directly and through local banks ) to spanish and irish homeowners , portuguese consumers and the greek government . 
  but by insisting that greek , irish , portuguese and spanish taxpayers pay in full for those banks ' mistakes , chancellor angela merkel 's government and its handmaidens in brussels have systematically privileged the interests of german and french banks over those of euro zone citizens . 
  here we go * again * with the old myths . 
  the extent of eurozone money in irish banks can be checked by anybody - the data is available from the irish central bank - and it 's a very very minor component of the money irish banks raised abroad . 
  primarily , they raised money in the uk and us , where they traditionally do their business , have their branches , and find their customers . 
  if angela merkel were really the person who insisted on ireland bailing out its banks - which is * also * a myth , because that decision was taken by the irish government on a defiantly solo run in late 2008 - she was actually insisting on lending us german money , at less than market rates , to bail out british and american bondholders . 
  crap article , based on repeatedly debunked bs claims about the sources of the money in irish banks . 
  you 'd almost think the author of it had a book to sell , because there 's no other possible excuse for this rubbish . 
  oh , i 'm not claiming that plutocrats are n't happening , or indeed that inequality is n't rising - i think it 's pretty clear that it is . 
  one could even maintain that the lower class and the middle class are being squeezed together while the rich accelerate away out of sight - back to a 2-tier society with very little genuine middle class , and political oligarchy , albeit this time with better living standards for the non-rich . 
  i think that 's a hugely important trend in europe and the developed world more generally , and a lot of our politics flows from it . 
  my comments are purely in relation to the banks and their role as economic utilities . 
  and , yes , that banks and shares and bonds are part of the life of quite ordinary people is part of a right-wing political myth that we 're all the same now . 
  it 's no coincidence that the myth of `` equality through freedom of markets '' has a positive correlation with inequality . 
  the proposed publication date of the report - just before the elections - also makes such a report pretty much an attempt to influence the elections . 
  that seems to have been one of the parliament 's major concerns , as per the briefing note :  the main focus is on members and the institutions ' approach to `` integrity '' . 
  the objective of the study is political in nature and is likely to have a political impact on the institution , taking into account past studies by ti in relation to members states and the chosen date of publication just before the european elections . 
  i 'm pro-transparency , and a long-time fan of ti 's work , but this is actually a rather less than transparent piece of lobbying by a pro-transparency group . 
  not really impressed . 
   the socialist response would be to nationalize them and either make banking a nationalized sector or collectivize them . 
  true . 
   simply giving them taxpayer money and paying the proceeding budget deficit by cutting public spending is taking money from the poor and giving it to the rich . 
  thats very much a neoliberal policy . 
  i 'm not sure that it is , though . 
  the shareholders in any of these banks have by and large been wiped out - and certainly in ireland , those shareholders included bank employees and pensioners . 
  i 'm not sure how this was really `` the rich '' , or that they were given money . 
  bondholders , perhaps ? 
  again , i 'm not sure that the picture that comes to mind of greasy fat cats is particularly meaningful - the biggest `` capitalists '' these days when it comes to owning stuff like bank bonds are pension funds and insurance firms - aggregated small capital amounts managed by professional fund managers rather than caviar-guzzling plutocrats . 
  that 's what i meant when i said that it does n't seem to me to be `` people or banks '' . 
  the people , these days , use the banks , and need the banks just as much as the wealthy - in the case of retail banks , maybe more so . 
  the `` petit bourgoisie '' is a much much wider social class than it used to be , which i personally think goes quite some way to explaining the shift of the centre rightwards . 
   since when has that stopped a politician complaining about other people doing the same thing ? 
  ah - in the same way he employs his german wife as his secretary ? 
   you 're somewhat missing my point . 
  i 'm saying that the european union is made up of member countries which are , mostly , centre-right . 
  this poses a problem for the few members which are more leftist and would prefer non-neoliberal policy . 
  a proposition such as a unified pool of cash to bail out banks that is now being proposed is one such neoliberal policy proposition . 
  sorry - so hard to tell when people are using `` the eu '' meaning `` the brussels-based institutions '' and when they mean `` the member states '' . 
   countries like germany and the uk are dominating the political landscape which leaves countries of a more socialdemocratic persuasion in a difficult position since they 're a political minority . 
  do n't get me wrong , modern social democracy is mostly centre-right as well nowadays but less so than unapologetic neoliberalism as seen in conservative and liberal parties around europe . 
  sure . 
  personally hoping that gets changed a bit at the eu level in the coming elections , but yeah , it leaves the member states mostly on the right . 
  however , i 'm not sure exactly what 's right-wing or neoliberal about a joint bank bailout fund . 
  i appreciate that in the classic sense , bailing out banks ought to be a right-wing policy , but i do n't think there has been a left-wing government in any advanced nation which * would n't * bail them out , so i would n't call a bank bailout fund of itself a right-wing position . 
  more a pragmatic one , as long as we assume that the european left is social democratic rather than socialist/communist . 
  because `` people or banks '' is n't really how it works any more . 
  banks are n't just pay-day lenders for the rich . 
  they 're the engine of capitalist economies , and the european mainstream left aims to restrain and regulate capitalism so that it serves the people , rather than abolish it in favour of central planning . 
  bank bailouts are part of regulated capitalism , a bank bailout fund is therefore part of regulated capitalism . 
  does that make sense ? 
  well , anti-immigration and splendid isolation , perhaps . 
  meps definitely do n't qualify for limos . 
  and , er , is n't nige one of the beneficiaries of the money he 's complaining about ? 
  and is n't he asking for people to choose members of * his * party to enjoy the limo ? 
  except that those decisions - to keep banks open rather than letting them fail - were actually taken by the member states . 
  the eu has and had no capacity to require countries to bail out their banks , and no choice but to support the member states when they decided to do so . 
  that 's what the eu is there for , after all - a framework for joint action . 
  there 's an interesting point in there :  this is obviously bad for workers in the initially high wage area but the upshot is that it is beneficial for firms in that area it 's very common to decry immigration as bad for workers because it drives wages down , while as part of the same political position trying to drive corporate taxes and red tape down to help businesses - which rather ignores the fact that wages are the biggest cost factor for pretty much every business . 
   why do you have strict alcohol control ? 
  constant cold and darkness ? 
  black metal ? 
  dragons ?!, 
  international treaty for the prevention of vikings . 
  we got them to sign it while they were drunk . 
  if life gives you lemons , make lemon vodka ... 
  yes , we do . 
  but if you look at where these good friday bans are , ireland is the * only * catholic country with such a ban , but is part of a `` north west '' group that has them . 
  map !, 
  financial regulation , yes - banking union , etc. 
  capital controls , no , although capital controls are allowed under the treaties , but only for exceptional reasons . 
  but the role of capital movement in the crisis may be exaggerated , given that most money is created by banks on the spot . 
  most people think banks only lend out money from other sources , but that 's not correct . 
  there is no need for a `` wave of capital '' to flow from the core to the periphery for periphery banks to lend . 
  really ? 
  one is an eu competence , the other a national competence . 
  one was planned since the 1970s , the other came about ad hoc from the early nineties . 
  one is centralisation in pursuit of cooperation and stability , the other is the decentralised result of national competition for finance industry business . 
  one is being used as the architecture for increased financial regulation , the other is being rolled back to allow that . 
  i guess they 're two sides of the same coin in the sense that they 're both money-related , and one or other is uppermost . 
  it 's for * being * good , apparently , not having a good time . 
  apparently . 
   ... so you 're saying the spanish government creating an easy foreseeable bubble .
