  switzerland is the only state with single market access that has a bilateral treaty with the eu - the others ( iceland , liechtenstein , and norway ) are eea/efta members . 
  the eu is opposed to the further negotiation of bilateral treaties :  in december 2012 , the council of the european union declared that there will be no further treaties on single market issues unless switzerland and eu agree on a new legal framework similar to the eea that , among others , would bind switzerland more closely to the evolving eu legislation . 
  or , in council-speak :  recalling its conclusions of 2010 , the council reaffirms that the approach taken by switzerland to participate in eu policies and programmes through sectoral agreements in more and more areas in the absence of any horizontal institutional framework , has reached its limits and needs to be reconsidered . 
  that stance may be reconsidered for the uk , but may well not be - i would say they 're likely to follow the precedent they 're establishing with respect to switzerland , which would suggest it 's eea membership or similar rather than a bilateral deal . 
  possibly the uk could establish another version of the eea ( why not , after all it founded the first version ? ), 
  with just itself and switzerland as members ? 
  an interesting article on the price switzerland pays for its choice , particularly given the heavy emphasis in the uk debate on the immgration issue : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/student-reporter/switzerland-and-the-eu-th_b_5003363.html, 
   they 're not good examples , as they have never been members of the eu , have never exited ( indeed no-one has ) bar greenland . 
   all in i suppose the biggest issue might be the degree of risk that some eu members and leaders see to the prestige of the project by a uk exit and whether they see the uk having problems sufficiently valuable that they are willing to pay an economic cost and risk a larger structural issue . . 
  i would say more likely a question of whether they have a domestic eurosceptic bloc large enough to worry about - the obvious candidate being france , although at a period when we have larger than usual eu-exit groups around europe , it 's going to be a concern for more than just france . 
  the fn would point to an easy post-brexit arrangement as an encouragement to french voters to press to leave themselves . 
   lets face it , the uk and eu can navigate a uk exit with minimal harm on either side . 
  that will be the intent and the most likely outcome . 
  i think i 'd have to say that this will certainly be the intent of the institutional eu , but may not be the intent of individual governments . 
   you should really do some reading before posting things that are just factually incorrect . 
  you should really learn to identify when what you quote actually supports your point . 
  a game warden can indeed be responsible for enforcing laws pertaining to hunting , but that does n't mean that hunting is legal . 
  if hunting is not legal , then those laws are what the game warden will be enforcing . 
   you do n't seem to understand that people can arrive at the same conclusion for different reason . 
  many people choose veganism/vegetarianism/pescetarianism specifically for the effect meat has on the environment . 
  you ignoring that because it conflicts with you worldview is your problem . 
  then their goals do not conflict with environmental goals . 
  there 's only a conflict with environmentalism if their veganism is a stance separate from their environmental goals . 
   the fuck are you smoking ? 
  euro 5 was written by the acea , which vw is a part of . 
  agian you seems to just post things before fact checking . 
  vw literally helped write the standard and test that they later chose to cheat on . 
  of course acea was involved in consultations on the euro 5 standard , because they 're the people affected by it . 
  outrageously , the eu consults with the people affected by proposed regulation . 
  the jump from there to `` they wrote them '' is one you take because you want to - to you , industry involvement in consultations = industry dictates what happens . 
  that 's not the case , but you 're too ignorant to know that , and too prejudiced to want to . 
   jcr reported in 2011 on the emissions of vw . 
  eu regulator took no action . 
  but please do go on about how regulators totally listen to scientists . 
  yes , of course not being listened to in one case = never listened to . 
  if i 'd said that regulators invariably act immediately on everything scientists say , you 'd have a point . 
  as usual , i did n't , and you do n't . 
  and the jrc report does n't say `` omg these people are cheating on their emissions ! '' . 
  it says that on-road emissions are different from test emissions , for unknown reasons , and that the disparity suggests that future regulation should incorporate on-road emissions testing . 
  nobody says that regulatory change is quick , and for good reasons , although i presume that - with the benefit of hindsight - you believe it 's totally * obvious * that they should immediately have changed the regulations . 
   yeah , it 's not at all reflective of the fact that businesses can pay people to repeat their talking points . 
  i guess accidentally correct is the best we can hope for . 
  your determined prejudices , as usual , make it pointless continuing any discussion with you , and the inevitable downvotes for disagreeing with you make it doubly so . 
  please feel free to consider that a victory . 
  yes - i somehow doubt the germans will come cap in hand around europe looking for assistance to bail out deutsche . 
   game warden is a a pretty common positions for people with wildlife management credentials . 
  i 'm not sure why you think most game wardens would be working somewhere that allows hunting . 
   that 's just blatantly false pff . 
  all you 're demonstrating is that vegans like to tout veganism as environmentally friendly , which i would n't contradict you on . 
  it remains a philosophical stance , not an environmental one . 
  there 's a difference , which apparently you do n't get . 
  the vegan society itself currently defines veganism as follows :  a philosophy and way of living which seeks to exclude -- as far as is possible and practicable -- all forms of exploitation of , and cruelty to , animals for food , clothing or any other purpose ; and by extension , promotes the development and use of animal-free alternatives for the benefit of humans , animals and the environment . 
  in dietary terms it denotes the practice of dispensing with all products derived wholly or partly from animals . 
  the environmental benefit is secondary - something that happens ` by extension ' of the philosophy . 
  it is not the aim of veganism , but a by-product - the point is the non-exploitation of animals , as in the original definition :  `` to seek an end to the use of animals by man for food , commodities , work , hunting , vivisection , and by all other uses involving exploitation of animal life by man ''  a single ngo ca n't very well speak for all ngo 's when something as simple as meat consumption becomes complicated . 
  i do n't think there are any environmental organisations that have any view other than reducing meat consumption . 
  environmental organisations favour it for environmental reasons rather than philosophical ones , but the outcome is a similar preference . 
  so it 's perfectly possible for an environmental organisation to speak on behalf of vegan ones in respect of meat consumption . 
   the fact that a single assosiation has decided to go with the flow mens very little . 
  the single european umbrella association for the cosmetics industry . 
   and when those mechanisms are written by industry insiders rather than regulators consequences are disastrous . 
   the vw scandal tells us that is exactly what happens . 
  and whats worse , industry will still cheat ; even when they are allowed to write the rules i 'm not sure you understand the vw emissions scandal . 
  it 's not a regulatory failure caused by `` industry insiders '' ( although regulations could do with tightening ) , it 's a straightforward case of cheating on the tests . 
  if the tests had been written by industry insiders for the benefit of their industry in the sort of way you apparently believe , there would have been no need for such cheating in the first place . 
   whose recommendations are constantly ignored so you clearly believe . 
  and indeed , someone 's views always do get ignored in any given outcome , because there 's such a large diversity of views on most issues that it 's inevitable . 
  however , if scientific advice were really ignored all the time in regulation , it would be a massive standing scandal - although no doubt you 'll tell me it ought to be , but gets ignored/spun by a industry-compliant media and industry-bought politicians and regulators . 
   that anyone can contribute to . 
  so the commission is left with the same 9/1 ratio that tell a very different story than reality . 
  careful now !, 
  if open public consultations produce the same 9:1 ratio , then that ratio simply reflects the balance of business bodies to civil society ones in existence ( actually , it still overweights civil society - a more accurate balance would be about 13:1 ) . 
  are you sure that 's what you wanted to say ? 
  i ca n't help but recommend you start thinking before emoting at some stage - it would help your positions be something other than a self-contradictory tangle of fact-ignoring outrage . 
   ` good idea ' ? 
  it 's not . 
  there 's no anti-abuse function in it , the amount of cases where isds is being abused to try to pressure into doing what 's good for the profits for a company is steadily increasing . 
  two points - first , that the number of isds cases is rising because the number of bilateral ftas containing isds has risen since the failure of the last wto round . 
  second , most cases cited as alarming are n't concluded cases . 
  most broad anti-regulatory cases under isds fail - which is probably why it 's unfinished cases that get cited . 
  the article entirely ignores any distinction between germans using german money to bail out german banks , and german money being used by greece to bail out greek banks . 
  i suspect most germans would feel there 's a big difference , but the article is probably an indicator that non-german media will happily ignore it . 
   they also do this which is incompatible with veganism they * may * also do that , although relatively few of them would . 
  likewise , there would n't be many ngos that would promote it , though - it would be mostly private sector companies ( although the wwf regards it as compatible with conservation ) . 
  veganism in that respect , though , is n't an environmental stance but a philosophical one - a vegan may believe that hunting is bad for conservation , but even if it 's compatible with conservation , or even positive , a vegan would still oppose it , because environmental conservation is secondary . 
  one might also point out that veganism is hardly the default choice for the environmentally concerned , however much its adherents would like it to be . 
   which is why they are fighting tooth and nail to keep plastic micro beads in products ? 
  who are ? 
  olive oil producers ? 
  internet service providers ? 
  that 's one thing - other business interests would be perfectly happy with a micro bead ban in exchange for something else . 
  conflicting interests - whereas there is no environmental ngo that would do anything but argue for a ban . 
  the other thing is that rather than `` fighting tooth and nail to keep plastic micro beads in products '' , we have this :  cosmetics europe , which represents more than 4,000 personal care product manufacturers , has issued a recommendation to remove microbeads from cosmetics . 
  of course , they 're still evil , eh ? 
   that 's a concern many people have and why dual certification can pose a problem . 
  but thees meeting deal with more than certification and harmonization of standards . 
  they also set standards for new products or write new ones in it 's entirety . 
  sorry - which meetings do that ? 
  as far as we know , what ttip does is set up mechanisms for doing so , or general principles covering business/trade sectors , rather than specific regulations . 
   so when the commission has a 9/1 ratio of private interests , scientists ca n't even present their research .
