  there is a democratic argument about the future shape of the eu at all times . 
  all you have done is cite some voices from some of the people on one side . 
  it could n't happen until such a time as a majority - more than a majority , a consensus - in every country in the eu would be willing to have it happen . 
  yes , i 'd agree with that , and that would be a fundamental change which could readily be said to create a federal eu . 
  it 's a change i 'd oppose . 
  all that does , though , is repeat your original equation of being pro federalist with the kind of ` negative '' federalism you oppose . 
  the point of the thread , if you think about it , is that the shape of a federal eu is not known - but as far as you 're concerned , * any * support for federalism , no matter what shape of federal eu those people may actually support , simply leads in your mind to the shape of federalism you fear . 
  that 's what makes it a scare tactic - that there is support for federalism does n't validate your argument , because it 's not necessarily support for the federal europe you envisage . 
  `` federal europe '' is of course the bogeyman in the eurosceptics ' armoury , as per wobblewagon 's post - totally wrong in every way , doomed to failure but kept alive through malevolent stupidity and the machinations of some shadowy group of federalists . 
  some people certainly support * a * federal europe , but the ` federal europe ' of the eurosceptics is a federal europe i think * nobody * supports . 
  as such , it wo n't happen , and can be dismissed as pretty much a scare tactic . 
  when considering a ` federal europe ' , you have to understand that the eu treaties are written and agreed by the member states , so a vote for the eurosceptic bogeyman of dissolved nation-states is a negotiated agreement by every single government in the eu to dissolve itself and its nation . 
  that 's not going to happen this side of a nuclear war or pandemic that reduces every nation in europe to shreds . 
  the eu is already partly a federal entity , for policy areas where the following are true : 1 . policy area is fully an eu competence 2 . there are no national vetoes 3 . the parliament is full involved obviously that 's true of a number of areas already , so the most likely form of a completely federal europe can be worked out by extrapolating those further , and assuming all policy areas become eu competences . 
  the nation states wo n't dissolve , nor lose their national legislatures or governments . 
  the latter will still be voting on the council , which will be , as it is , the senior chamber in the eu bicameral system . 
  the former would exercise some control over their government 's policy actions in europe as they currently control their policy actions domestically - this is a major evolutionary step , because very few national legislatures have a proper mechanism for doing so . 
  the job of the * european * parliament , on the other hand , is not to exercise control over specific national governments , so they will continue in their current role of allowing a channel for popular europe-wide opposition to the council and commission . 
  note that that 's not the same as control over , because the job of legislatures is not to ` control ' a government in the sense of determining what it does , but to oppose the government where the government wants something unpopular - a good recent example was acta . 
  so , if we 're looking at realistic options rather than fantasies , what you get is a federal europe that looks very much like the current eu , but with every area of policy decided jointly , with a powerful european parliament , quite likely with the commission downgraded to a civil service role with its power of initiative taken away and given to the council ( although the council will not be able to ignore the parliament 's demands for legislation ) , and with national legislatures primarily concerned with controlling their government 's actions in europe and working over the detail of domestic implementing legislation . 
  national borders and institutions remain , but with a different focus and degree of power . 
  disclaimer : pro-eu , anti-federalist . 
  yeah , edited the op to include this one , which has both measures against gdp : http://i42.tinypic.com/9s5jmg.gif, 
  well , we also have available the intra-eu and extra-eu shares of imports and exports by country . 
  what do you think should or should not show a correlation ? 
  happens to us all !, 
   there 's your mistake . 
  you need to correlate with trade balances before 2011 as there has been a huge trade balance correction recently . 
   i 'm not saying they are correlated , i 'm just saying your graph does n't show that hypothesis to be wrong . 
  that 's a good point , and i did look at cumulative trade balances too : http://i44.tinypic.com/2unyfkk.gif still nothing , really . 
  there 's a suggestive sort of something about the high debt countries , but the reverse of what one might expect . 
  but this is private debt , not public , and i doubt the credit rating of individual germans is based on germany 's export performance ... 
  i took you to be saying exactly the opposite - that germany 's good debt figures were based on export performance . 
  and to be honest , i ca n't see how one could read your post any other way ... ? 
  a lot of this is going to be mortgage debt , and the size of the debt can probably be correlated with the sharpness and pervasiveness of the country 's property bubble . 
  our property bubble ( ireland ) was both very sharp and extremely pervasive - not only did a large proportion of the public as individual buy into the bubble , but a lot of businesses did too . 
  that gives us a really big problem , because that debt is totally unproductive , but there 's no way to reset the clock without being very unfair to those who resisted the lure of the bubble - not just moral hazard for those who borrowed , but completely the wrong precedent for the next bubble . 
   because exporting is the base of the good numbers of the german economy . 
  actually , no - see : http://redd.it/1k9qyv there 's no correlation between trade balances ( intra or extra-eu ) and private debt . 
  there 's a general tendency to believe that crime is rising even when crime is falling . 
  uk crime rates are currently at the lowest since 1981 , and have been falling for years , yet people believe that they 're rising . 
  see : http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/jul/18/crime-survey-fall-england-wales for example . 
  as in `` kacks '' in english for underpants ? 
  `` alt gr '' and the letter you want accented . 
  hold down shift as well for the capital version . 
  `` alt gr '' is that apparently entirely pointless key just to the right of the space bar . 
  before i discovered the accenting use it was the one key on my keyboard that stayed perfectly clean . 
  the short answer , as you can see from some of the replies , is that ` europhiles ' fundamentally disagree with your characterisation of the eu . 
  as such , the question `` why do you support the eu '' , with the implied `` when i do n't '' answers itself - they 're looking at a different eu . 
  nobody would support the eu * you * think you see . 
  the proper questions , then , are why you see such a different eu , and whether you 're right . 
  now , to be honest , it 's hard to see why * anyone * would create , or continue working on , or with , the eu you think you see , including those governments which evidently do so ( including the uk 's government ) , which suggests either a fantastical answer ( that is , a conspiracy or some other insanely powerful hidden force ) , or that you 're wrong . 
  my money is on the latter . 
  i appreciate that 's maybe not the most flattering of answers , but it 's logical - either ( a ) the eu only exists by virtue of some mad conspiracy , or ( b ) it 's not what you think it is . 
  assuming we can leave aside ( a ) , which is not always going to be the case on the interwebs , we have ( b ) , and the question becomes why you have such a distorted view of the eu ? 
  the simple answer to that has also already been given - the uk press and political classes have spent the best part of the 40 years since they joined painting the eu as exactly what you believe it to be , while simultaneously ( and presumably mysteriously , to a uk eurosceptic ) not leaving it . 
  out of interest , has it ever occurred to you to follow that bit of logic through , and wonder why the uk has never left and the eu continues to exist despite apparently being the worst thing ever ? 
   `` the immediate answer lies in the potential of the regulatory authorities in brussels , particularly the anti-competition authorities , to hamper the growth of murdoch 's media empire , '' so ... the evil `` eu empire '' stands in the way of murdoch 's evil media empire ? 
   it 's just that anyone who goes against the enormous circle jerk of misinformation surrounding that thing is accused of being a shill . 
  as someone who does post against the misinformation ( while not being really in favour of ttip ) , i have n't been too roughly treated , to be fair . 
  pretty much all youth culture , for example . 
  same in ireland . 
  attempts to introduce identity cards are generally less popular than the coming of the antichrist . 
  looking back over thirty years , i would say , on the contrary , that the cultural exchange has been so massive it 's barely thought about any more . 
  extra distinguishing characteristic : horses . 
  inner city horses . 
  except for the slowly . 
  true enough , but those costs ( both financial and environmental ) will fall as the market brings pressure to bear . 
  it 's easy , i think , to hold up features of a nascent industry as less resource-efficient than a mature one , and it 's right to be wary of potential greenwashing ( there 's a * lot * of it about ) , but we do n't have another option than to phase out fossil fuel driven cars . 
  if hydrogen is better in the long run , it will replace electric in the long run . 
  you 're assuming a bought battery , i think , rather than a rented one . 
   but have advantage of being closer to petrol . 
  for example they do n't take hours to charge up . 
  just a simple refuel . 
  battery swap . 
  not sure why you assume capitalism = bribery . 
  car manufacturing means jobs , making cars more expensive/difficult to make/run generally means fewer jobs ( because fewer sales ) . 
  politicians protect manufacturers because manufacturers mean jobs , and jobs mean votes . 
  sure , the planet gets globally screwed in the long run , but we elect politicians locally and for short periods . 
  a centra in portarlington ... but they 're moving to dublin and hiring another 45 staff on top of the existing 28 . 
  that 's a rather brief summary of this opinion : [ maximillian schrems v data protection commissioner ] ( http://curia.europa.eu/juris/document/document.jsf;jsessionid=9ea7d0f130d56ba2f3f2bebb4c1fbf27c34697c0a919.e34kaxilc3eqc40laxqmbn4obnqoe0?text=&amp;docid=168421&amp;pageindex=0&amp;doclang=en&amp;mode=req&amp;dir=&amp;occ=first&amp;part=1&amp;cid=354395 ) the case was taken by an austrian facebook user against the irish data protection commissioner ( if you 're an fb user in europe , your contract is with facebook ireland ) on the basis that the irish dpc should suspend data transfers from ireland to the us because of prism . 
  the irish dpc claimed that he has no power to do so as long as there is a decision by the eu commission that judges the us as a ` safe harbour ' for eu citizens ' data . 
  the commission holds this to be the case , and that the objections raised by schrems have already been taken on board by the commission , who are reviewing the safe harbour legislation as a result . 
  the irish high court has referred the case to the cjeu for clarification . 
  their view is that under irish law , specifically under the irish constitution , the us , by virtue of the nsa 's activities , would not qualify as protecting the data of irish citizens . 
  interestingly , the high court does not doubt the snowden revelations , and they form part of the basis for the judgement . 
  however , they want the cjeu to clarify whether eu law or irish law is to be applied by the irish pdc . 
  advocate general bot disagrees with the commission 's view , and with that of the irish dpc . 
  his view is that because dpcs are supposed to be independent , they must be able to act independently of the commission . 
  as such , bot concludes the irish dpc must be able to both investigate and if needed , act , whatever the commission might think :  it follows from all of the foregoing that article 28 of directive 95/46 , read in the light of articles 7 and 8 of the charter , must be interpreted as meaning that the existence of a decision adopted by the commission on the basis of article 25 ( 6 ) of that directive does not have the effect of preventing a national supervisory authority from investigating a complaint alleging that a third country does not ensure an adequate level of protection of the personal data transferred and , where appropriate , from suspending the transfer of that data . 
  bot also says that the cjeu can and should consider the validity of the commission decision :  the assessment of whether under the safe harbour scheme the united states guarantees an adequate level of protection of the personal data transferred therefore necessarily leads to consideration of the validity of that decision . 
  if the cjeu follows this opinion , these are pretty major points . 
  if the irish dpc should act independently of commission decisions , and on the basis of the irish constitution , then snowden 's revelations of broad us surveillance of data should force the irish dpc to suspend data transfers between facebook ireland ( etc ) and their us parents . 
  that 's going to have a large impact . 
  also ... advocate general bot , heh . 
  ttfn !, 
   when i 'm looking at the hamster cage , and i see the little guy coming out of his house , i can say `` the hamster has come out '' . 
  it does n't matter that he 's still in the cage , and the cage is in the room , and the room is in the house . 
  the hamster still is out . 
  that 's how language works : the frame of reference matters .
