  ok , we say , so they misjudged the risk . 
  more fool them . 
  but hold on - if they bought those bonds at low interest , that can only mean they did n't see them as risky - they were n't holding `` high-risk high-interest bonds '' as far as they were concerned , they were holding low-risk , low-interest bonds in a stable member of the eurozone . 
  so while they misjudged risk , they can not be characterised as if they were some kind of gamblers at a high-stakes casino . 
  fools , yes , incompetent , yes , ` reckless lenders ' no . 
  sure , the risks seem obvious in retrospect , but what does n't ? 
  it 's very clear from the whole euro convergence phenomenon that those banks which lent to greece and the other peripheral countries did so in the belief that they were investing in a low risk environment , for which they were prepared to accept low interest rates , as they did . 
   i 'm shocked that we do n't talk about shitty investments of private banks , but rather analyze obvious pitfalls of states like greece . 
  and furthermore why private banks seem to go out of this clusterfuck without any major losses well , there 's a thing . 
  the people who owned shares in banks , and who were therefore their ultimate owners , got * toasted * . 
  people * at * the banks did n't suffer as much as we all feel they ought to have done , but the shareholders who ultimately owned those banks were , as a general rule , divested of their shares by the governments during the bailouts at very much less than their supposed value . 
  i 'm not sure why that feels unsatisfying . 
  it does , though . 
  but from a legal perspective , bank shareholders are the people to whom private banks are ultimately responsible , and who are , therefore , responsible in turn to the general public for the actions of the banks . 
  perhaps part of why it feels unsatisfying is that by the time shareholders in , say , anglo-irish ( ireland 's biggest bank collapse ) , were forced to sell their shares to the government as part of the recapitalisation , the bank shares were , of course , worth very little . 
  so one feels that the shareholders did n't lose anything much - if a shareholder had 10,000 shares in anglo , that was worth $ 1700 by the time the bank was nationalised . 
  so we think `` meh , they lost a couple of thousand , so what ? '' . 
  but two years earlier , those 10,000 shares were worth $ 175,300 . 
  so while we see the loss to the shareholder as $ 1700 , the actual loss is a hundred times that - someone has gone from having a nice little nest egg to having nothing . 
  looking at it widely , anglo had a market capitalisation of about $ 13 billion in 2006 . 
  by january 2009 that was all gone . 
  anglo shareholders lost an aggregate total of $ 13 billion . 
  so it 's not true that private banks did n't take any major losses , because their owners certainly did . 
  it 's just that that loss somehow does n't register as punishment for `` the banks '' - if anything , we feel sympathetic about those losses . 
  we should n't , though , because the shareholders are supposed to take losses if everything goes wrong , and they 're supposed to be the watchdogs over the bank 's behaviour for that reason . 
  reasoning takes one strange places , emotionally - i think that 's why many people do n't do it . 
  that would be corruption , which is n't ` odious ' but a matter for the greeks to have dealt with internally - and in this case , clearly the greek committee has n't proven any such corruption in any case . 
  and , as you say , at best that 's going to account for only a tiny tiny fraction of the money involved . 
   if you asked mr. varoufakis , the greek debt was made to the detriment of the greek population and thus illegal . 
  it is difficult to determine `` detriment '' . 
  if your only claim to ` detriment ' is that it has to be paid back , it 's not really difficult at all . 
   if you take at the ( few ) examples of ` illegal ' debt that the world has seen , you will necessarily stumble upon the case of iraq , which got its debt relieved based on this principle . 
  it was ` enforced ' by the us , forcing other countries to waive the debts . 
  also , specifically , the ` odious ' debt had been run up by an unelected ( or improperly elected ) dictator to suppress revolts against him - that is , to use against his own people ( especially the kurds ) - and to wage war . 
  while it did still take the us to enforce it , there is a real case that a people should not be asked to take on debts for money that was used to their detriment . 
   true that , is there a way to determine what was the structure of loans - how much was owned by private entities vs. bounds issued by greek state ? 
  that should be in the bis figures themselves , i think . 
  try here : [ bis interactive ] ( http://stats.bis.org/bis-stats-tool/org.bis.stats.ui.statsapplication/statsapplication.html?query=ejxvjdeowjaqbndwjatokoe5pnmbswys2yjk5y5v8g4kat7bju4rrrjvslsdqjt%2bf5%2fyk08du3e2j3fhk%2bmomljgcz5c8vronts23afi7qdzwvijeycs32azl%2fpysaccsmjayh2fhizyv1wez9bnig3twwrlgca7nl11uw6s7h8m8%2fbpavudqz4muq%3d%3d )  but is n't it also true , that when it was obvious that greece went bankrupt and will not be able to repay the bonds , that 's when troika kicked in with its loans ? 
  so there was a desperate attempt to keep greece solvent , by further increasing its debt - that does not seem logical at all . 
  i think that misunderstands the purpose of the bailouts to some extent . 
  most of the bailout money was spent on the greek public sector - so , literally keeping the greek state on the road . 
  it was n't spent , as people seem to think , on repaying debt - i mean , the debt * has n't * been repaid , so how on earth do people think that 's what it was spent on ? 
  yes , the troika could have not lent the money , and then greece would n't have been increasing it 's debt - and it also would have been unable to pay its public sector . 
  it could have defaulted , but it did n't want to - it was prepared to take the bailout in order to avoid doing so - because a default would n't have solved the government 's inability to pay its public sector . 
  they 'd still have had a `` funding gap '' of about $ 45 billion a year , between what they could borrow or tax , and what they were spending . 
  where would that missing $ 45bn have come from , if the greeks had refused a bailout and defaulted instead ? 
  it would still have been missing , and nobody would have loaned greece the money to cover it . 
  sure , people blag on about how country x got back in the markets after a default - but you 're looking at 5-10 years , usually , and on very bad terms . 
  for those 5-10 years , greece would have been unable to pay its public sector - never mind even that , for the first year they would have been unable to do so , and what would they have done ? 
  the only option following a refused bailout and a default would have been to leave the euro and start printing drachma . 
  the government could have simply * printed * the extra $ 45bn a year it needed ( in drachma , obviously ) - like , literally rolled it off the presses and said `` here 's your money '' . 
  that would , of course , have produced huge inflation - the whole of greek gdp was only $ 250 billion , money supply about $ 200bn , and they 'd have been printing a quarter of that annually . 
  that gives you basically 25 % direct inflation straight off . 
  25 % direct inflation would mean that your weekly pay by the end of the year is worth only 80 % of what it was at the beginning , even though it 's nominally the same amount ( come to that , it 's worth only 97.5 % of what it was at the end of the previous week , so you 're basically getting a 2.5 % paycut * every week * ) . 
  by the end of a second year of that , it 's worth 64 % of what it was to start with . 
  so you 're going to demand more money . 
  where will the greek government get that money ? 
  why , the printing presses - it prints more money even faster . 
  which pushes up the inflation rate ... and i think you can see where this is going . 
  it 's not like it has n't been done , because it has - in the seventies lots of countries tried it , which was why the seventies was a period of galloping inflation , and why in the eighties countries started creating independent central banks which stopped the governments from printing money . 
  people go on about how the germans are hyper-aware of inflation `` because of weimar '' ( the weimar government also did this , in spades , and buckets , and eventually wheelbarrows ) , but * all * european governments are aware of how it goes , because most of them tried it within the lifetime of older politicians . 
  so , the idea behind bailouts is n't to `` make a country more solvent by adding debt '' , but to provide needs-only borrowing on long pay-back periods while the country in question gets its act together . 
  the programmes , and the austerity , are a way of both helping that happen , and trying to ensure the country does n't get itself too much further into the debt hole it 's dug itself , while providing enough money that the state does n't simply collapse . 
  the alternative , for greece , was basically being weimar mk ii . 
  to put that in a simple form , the three pillars are : 1 . austerity - so you do n't borrow more than you really need and your debt/gdp does n't grow faster than it has to 2 . reforms - so your economy improves and debt/gdp shrinks ( or grows more slowly ) 3 . bailout loans - so you can keep paying your public sector while you do 1 & 2 there is method to the madness , you see , despite all the shouting about it being evil and counter-productive . 
  the dangers are that you have too much austerity , because that hurts your economic growth - or you do n't do the reforms , which means your debt sustainability does n't really improve , and the bailout money is just spent keeping everything ticking over while nothing improves . 
  sorry about these walls of text . 
  you lent them the money because you felt safe knowing that the rest of the ez would somehow ... over time , find a way to protect you should greece turn to shit . 
  in other words , you stopped assessing greece ... you closed your eyes to risk . 
  and you did this with other peoples money . 
  but hey , we need banks so just go about your business and do as you please . 
  oh , i 'd totally agree with that . 
  the only explanation of the rapid convergence of the sovereign rates for all the eurozone countries is that the money markets went `` oh , they 're in the eurozone - eh , if anything bad happens someone will get us our money '' . 
  and , sure , that was based on , really , nothing at all , or even less than nothing - the eurozone countries had been absolutely explicit about the fact that they were n't going to cover each other 's debts . 
  personally , i 'd say that the crisis itself ( not just the greek bit , but the whole shebang ) was the result of the financial industry believing it had somehow `` got risk sorted '' , whether through complex derivatives or just really knowing their shit in a very cool way - for pretty much the entire two decades since 1990 . 
  the finance companies were snapping up first-class physics and maths graduates , and the `` quants '' had written really really complicated slice , dice , hedge and re-hedge derivative packages that were supposed to completely eliminate risk . 
  the whole sub-prime fiasco was based on exactly such amazingly and astoundingly clever risk eliminating packages - you took a mortgage that was likely to go pear-shaped because the borrower was really poor and in totally unstable employment , and you chopped it into tiny slices and wrapped them with a bunch of other stuff that should go good if the mortgage went bad , and the documentation for some of these things was thicker than the bible and harder to read than stephen hawkings ' doctoral thesis . 
  problem was that when the mortgages inside these things did go bad , it turned out the packages unwound like a bundle of snarled-up springs , popping off and up in all kinds of unexpected directions , with more bugs than software written by mad monkeys . 
  come to that , by 2000 , a lot of places had stopped doing their own risk assessment anyway , and outsourced the business to the ratings agencies . 
  and the ratings agencies certainly handed out ratings which in retrospect were ludicrous - the biggest cost for us in our bank bailout was anglo-irish , who had an ` a ' grade rating in 2006 ( and there 's only a couple of better grades than that , even for * countries * ) , and three years later were a zombie bank just waiting for the * coup de grace * , having swallowed $ 34bn in irish taxpayers ' money . 
  so , sure , if you do n't mind characterising the majority of the financial industry since 1990 as `` reckless lenders '' i 'd agree with the term - but it has n't really got a * specific * application to greece . 
  unless we 're looking at rebooting the whole financial industry ( which i 'd support , because very little of it these days has to do with anything productive at all , let alone socially useful ) , greece was drinking at the same well as everyone else , and does n't get a free pass on that basis - yes , the lenders were getting their risk assessment badly wrong , but the greek government * knew * that , and borrowed unsustainably anyway . 
  you could sum it up that the greeks borrowed in bad faith from fools . 
   the first bailout package was agreed on may 2010 and was at $ 110bn . 
  as we saw in the article posted by the commenter above , in june 2011 the exposure of german/french banks on greek debt miraculously dropped to $ 17.3 bn . 
  i think it 's obvious where the difference went . 
  not all bailout money went to german/french banks , but all went to banks . 
  i do n't think we have to work on the basis of `` it 's obvious '' , since that may not be true at all . 
  if you 're correct , then : ( a ) the entire $ 110bn of the bailout was disbursed between may 2010 and june 2011 is this correct ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  by autumn 2011 , only $ 65bn had been disbursed :  the international assistance loan already disbursed to greece amounts to eur 65 billion . 
  of this amount , eur 47.1 billion have been paid by the euro-area member states , and eur 17.9 billion by the imf . 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/publications/occasional_paper/2011/pdf/ocp87_summary_en.pdf ( b ) the troika disbursed the money to the greek government . 
  was it spent on bank or sovereign debt repayment , or was it spent on paying day to day bills ? 
  it was primarily spent on day to day bills . 
  the greek public sector needed $ 68.9 bn in the period may 2010 to june 2011 , the banks needed $ 10bn , and the ` funding gap ' ( after greek government market borrowing and tax receipts ) was $ 62.9 bn . 
  that funding gap was what the troika bailout went into , and 87 % of it was made up of greek public sector financing needs . 
  source : [ the economic adjustment programme for greece ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/publications/occasional_paper/2010/pdf/ocp61_en.pdf ) your `` it 's obvious '' turns out to be nonsense , i 'm afraid . 
  the first bailout programme did not fund a reduction in the exposure of foreign banks to greek debt , but funded the greek public sector . 
  banks likely reduced their exposure to greek public debt in the normal way , by selling it on to companies that specialise in buying distressed debts - `` vulture funds '' .
