  otherwise the ability of a company to sue for failure to honour the contract is completely irrelevant . 
   corporations would get legal rights but only if is not against the interests of the public . 
  that is the case , though . 
   or a lumber production company invests in canada because the return of investment is very promising . 
  but canada wants to raise the minimum wage that sadly happens to be detrimental to promised profits and the company sues . 
  i think you 're thinking of the veolia isds case against egypt , which was represented as veolia suing for ` lost profits ' when egypt raised the minimum wage . 
  but veolia had a contract with the cairo city government to run two experimental waste-heat plants at cost , and the contract pointed out that the costs would go up if the minimum wage was raised , so veolia 's charges for running the plants would go up . 
  the egyptian government raised the minimum wage but refused to pay veolia 's resulting extra costs as agreed . 
  if this has a ` chilling effect ' on governments trying to welch on contracts they signed , i do n't see that as a problem . 
   i think this kind of setup would n't raise an eyebrow from anyone . 
  it would , because you 're creating a court to which governments are subject . 
  the arbitration procedure is used rather than a court for that reason - it does n't create a superior court , but is rather an approach that says `` here are two parties with a difficulty to be resolved , and they shall appoint people between them to resolve the difficulty '' . 
   who chooses the arbitrators company chooses one , government chooses another , and the two parties agree on a third . 
  there 's supposed to be a huge bias in isds because the company gets to pick an arbitrator ( who is then said to favour them in the hopes of further work ) , but somehow the argument ignores the fact that the government picks the other one . 
  that 's the company 's problem , but in most cases where the company wins the isds case , the government has been pretty obvious about what they 're doing . 
  obligatory brexit head-messing for the brits . 
  not very lenient . 
  it 's de facto an individual vetting , because the parliament refuses to vote the commission in unless the individual they dislike is withdrawn . 
  legally , nothing - the vote had no legal force . 
  the vote in the lower house is the only one needed . 
  it has n't yet voted . 
  politically , it passed because the second largest party abstained . 
  if that were replicated in the lower house there might be a problem , because the current government is a minority one , and requires the support of non-government representatives . 
  isds is a part of the specific elements of ceta which make it a mixed agreement , so the lower house vote will concentrate on it to a fair extent , particularly since the second largest party have opposition to isds in its manifesto . 
  no - that 's council voting , which applies only to eu matters . 
  the ` mixed ' aspect means that ceta needs to be ratified as if it were a normal international treaty - by each and every country according to its own rules for such ratifications . 
  i would n't be entirely surprised to see an irish court challenge to ceta 's ratification by ireland , on the claim that isds infringes the sovereignty of the irish people and therefore needs to be put to referendum . 
  it might not happen , but it might - the irish senate ( upper house ) already voted against ` provisional application ' . 
  i ca n't see widespread political support for such a case , though - canada is n't negatively viewed even by the irish left , and the irish public is concerned about trade post-brexit . 
  reading the independent expert 's report makes it rather clear that his interpretation of rights would not be accepted by everyone :  the independent expert proposes a reformulation of the doctrine to lift it out of the narrow focus on protecting populations from war crimes and genocide to a broader duty to protect populations from war , military interventions and structural violence . 
  the international community has an interest in reaffirming a duty to protect and actively advance civil , cultural , economic , political and social rights . 
  governments , parliaments and courts have a responsibility to act in the public interest for economic stability , social development , environmental sustainability , food security , improvement of health and labour standards , through taxation , precautionary ** and preventive measures against the dangers of genetically modified organisms , fracking ** , open-pit mining , pesticides , air and water pollution , corruption , monopolies and asymmetrical trade . 
  those generic obligations of governance are the raison d\u2019\u00eatre of organized society . 
  while i 'm not actively in favour of fracking or gmo , i do not regard preventing them as part of the `` raison d\u2019\u00eatre of organized society '' since the case against them is far from settled . 
  his objections to isds are rather one-sided . 
  for example :  b ) the system does not impose obligations on investors , such as the `` do no harm '' principle , or compliance with environmental , social , labour , health or safety standards ; that 's true , isds does n't impose such obligations , because such obligations are * already * imposed through domestic and international legislation and are not waived by isds . 
  imposing them again as part of the isds clauses of a fta would accomplish either nothing or , more probably , fail to impose them properly while implying that they were not otherwise applicable . 
  he makes the standard very large claim about ` regulatory chill ' :  the regulatory chill caused by the mere existence of investor-state dispute settlements has effectively dissuaded many states from adopting much-needed health and environmental protection measures . 
  but what does he provide to demonstrate its reality ? 
  two quotes from law firms :  peter kirby of the law firm fasken martineau wryly described investor-state dispute settlement as `` a lobbying tool in the sense that you can go in and say , ` okay , if you do this , we will be suing you for compensation ' . 
  it does change behaviour in certain cases . '' but no `` certain cases '' are given ... and :  the law firm steptoe and johnson has referred to investor protections as `` a basis for preventing wrongful state conduct ... as such , they may be a highly important tool for foreign investors and industry associations in advocating against legislative changes . '' `` preventing wrongful state conduct '' is not `` regulatory chill '' . 
  overall , the attack by the independent expert is based on a very specific ideological position - that ftas are bad because they do not actively and deliberately subordinate trade to very left-wing ideas of social justice , but rather treat it as an aim in itself . 
  it would be unreasonable to object to someone holding such a view , or indeed taking any opportunity granted to put it , but it can hardly be described as the view of the majority of either governments or electorates in the countries making ftas . 
  whether deservedly or undeservedly , it is a minority viewpoint , and writing treaties based on its ideology would be politically impossible and contrary to majority political views as well as quite possibly damaging . 
  no ireland ? 
  nothing to do with the tax * rate * , but what / u/ayyymycroft said . 
  although obviously not everyone would agree with the analysis , i increasingly think it 's how the eu commission sees it . 
  basically , the us allows for companies to split their intellectual property into us and non-us , and allows for indefinite deferral of overseas profits . 
  so a us company based in ireland gets to use ip generated in the us , but does n't have to pay the profits back to the us and get charged us tax on them . 
  nor does it have to pay irish taxes on them , because ireland accept them as being due to the us . 
  the result of this is that us multinationals are able to build up very large untaxed cash piles outside the us with which they can , in turn , buy foreign innovators . 
  they are , in effect , being given a large helping hand ( worth up to 35 % of profits ) by the tax arrangements the us allows , but only outside the us . 
  that may not have been originally intended as state aid to us multinationals abroad , but it 's how it works out , and may well be part of the rationale for the us retaining those tax laws . 
  things are brown , and sticky . 
  but not brown and sticky * enough * . 
   at the end of the day this is nothing but a damaging race to the bottom on the one hand and companies exploiting divisions on the other . 
  yup . 
  i would rather my country had another strategy . 
  what i said , or for ireland to do what i said ? 
   i would argue that the money is made using public utilities in certain countries . 
  ( roads etc. ), 
  i would often accept that in a tax context , but not really in the case of something like an iphone , where it 's perfectly possible for someone in somalia to own one and use it . 
   the us already receives value in the actual profits those people make . 
  i 'm not sure exactly what that means . 
  if apple sells an iphone for $ 500 in germany , and makes $ 400 profit on it , the question of where that profit should be taxed really relates to what goes to make such profit possible . 
  is it the effort put into sales by the german apple store ? 
  almost certainly not . 
  the effort put into shipping it to germany ? 
  hardly . 
  why do people buy apple products at huge prices ? 
  because apple 's design is good , and the brand has a certain cachet . 
  it 's not about just utility , any more than the price of a herm\u00e9s bag is . 
  if you just want something to carry your keys in , you do n't have to buy a herm\u00e9s bag . 
  so the question in turn becomes , where does the good design and the brand cachet arise ? 
  and the answer to that is definitely in apple central in cupertino . 
  so one can argue that most of the profit in an iphone is attributable to the effort put in by apple in the us , and that therefore that 's also where the taxes are owed . 
  and that would work fine if , for the $ 500 iphone in germany , apple us had already charged apple germany $ 390 or similar before ever the iphone reached the german store . 
  apple would then have a 35 % us corporation tax charge on whatever part of that $ 390 was profit over and above r&d , and there would be no profit shifting argument . 
  but it does n't work like that . 
  instead , apple outside the us pay a certain contribution towards apple us ' r&d and are ` partners ' in that r&d . that allows them to get the technology for the iphone at a `` pre-sales '' stage when its value can be counted as being relatively small , and then charge on the value of the technology outside the us . 
  so instead of the german phone 's price including $ 390 charged by apple us to cover r&d and marketing , it includes , say , $ 30 for that as charged by apple us to apple non-us , and then $ 360 charged by apple non-us for use of the technology it got from apple us under the ` partnership ' deal . 
  and so apple non-us is able to rack up large profits which do n't have to be taxed in the us unless they 're transferred back to apple us , which they have n't been in 30 years . 
  yeah , i would n't argue with that , really . 
  in fact , that 's really the point about the apple tax ruling , that we 're delaware not silicon valley . 
  well , they 're not actually taxed here , which is what people complain about . 
  the idea is that most of the value in an apple product is actually ` owed ' to the ideas put into it , and that the value really therefore ought to ` go home ' to where those ideas came from , which is the us . 
  i do n't think that 's overall a bad idea . 
  the problem is that the us allows companies to accumulate that money outside the us indefinitely and does n't collect the taxes on it . 
   of course they reassured the irish in pretty much every referendum that they would n't do what they are doing . 
  really ? 
  i do n't recall any such reassurance . 
  as far as i remember some idiots thought that the enhanced cooperation changes made it `` more possible '' , and that that idea was generally derided . 
  how many tech companies can we name that have their emea hq in cluj napoca ? 
   more has been done in a more timely manner to stop ireland from attracting us tech companies then has been done to save greece and stop migrants . 
  that is not actually the case . 
  a * lot * more effort and money has been put into the migrant problem in greece than into irish tax affairs . 
  the effort put into irish tax affairs by the eu consists of a single state aid case , which probably cost some minimal amount ( probably less than a thousand commission man-days ) and required no political consensus at all . 
  you might be confused by the resulting estimate of state aid received by ireland , but that 's in no sense the cost of the exercise . 
  not really , because ireland does n't then levy them either . 
  ireland is facilitating us state aid to their overseas multinationals , not stealing taxes .
