  well , i 'd hardly disagree with that - i 'm enormously fond of referendums here in ireland . 
  i 'd say that an issue with the brexit referendum was that it was an extremely important question to have decided by a people not used to making such important decisions . 
   such punishment for tricking the population and doing what you please -- their life is ruined now !, 
  well , it 's pretty much the same as being fired , but in public . 
  people do seem to find it fairly dissuasive . 
   how can stupid people understand proposed policies , how can stupid people make a choice about who will pick the best policy to fix their problems ? 
  generally , if not whipped up into a state of hysteria , people are n't actually too awful , collectively , at doing so . 
  there 's always a certain amount of stupidity going on , but mostly the advanced democratic states are well governed . 
  and , as i said , people really are much better at judging the competence/honesty etc of other people than they are at solving complex problems themselves , while people who have been delegated the responsibility of solving a complex problem on behalf of other people are generally less selfish about doing so than they would be if they were solving it for themselves alone . 
  the tax thing is really just a simplified way of saying that . 
  i wonder if those who advocate direct democracy , often in opposition to being treated as consumers or as an antidote to ` market-oriented policy makers ' , realise that they 're applying an ` invisible hand ' market model to democracy ? 
   it would appear that viewing the resignation of the most influential pro-eu politician in the uk as bad is a somewhat controversial opinion and `` not a very arguable point '' . 
  `` not a very arguable point '' means `` not actually a controversial opinion '' , though , so i 'm neither shutting your arguments down nor challenging them . 
  i guess if i were going to argue your point , i 'd do it on the basis that even if cameron is the most influential pro-eu politician in the uk , he has also , i would say , demonstrated an appalling inability to use that influence in any constructive way , perhaps to the point where he might as well not have it at all . 
   how do you differentiate between `` voting not a because a is a bad idea '' , and `` voting for not a because of lobbying '' , `` voting for not a because you just used it in your posters to get votes '' , `` voting for not a because of corruption '' , `` voting for not a because you forgot you promised '' , `` voting for not a because some a supporters insulted you '' etc. ? 
  that 's left as an exercise for the voter . 
  that sounds flippant , but , really , that 's the bit the voter is actually concerned with - working out whether they 're electing people who will claim to want to do a , but are n't going to for reasons other than finding out it 's a bad idea . 
  it 's a classic delegation problem . 
  luckily , human beings are actually better at judging other human beings than they are at understanding complex problems , which is why most states rely on representative rather than direct democracy . 
   of course it 's not a problem that they are experts , but they are elected because of their ideology and proposed policies , not because they have a good degree in surgery or know family law by heart . 
  that 's certainly true , and for most people it 's also important that their ideology trumps mere facts . 
  well , there are long arguments about what sovereignty actually means . 
  i try not to get involved , because the word ` sovereignty ' is often just used to mean `` making decisions purely for our own benefit and without any reference to the interests of others '' . 
  that 's not an * invalid * point of view , just a deeply deplorable one . 
  in the case of dealing with the refugee crisis , for example , using a uk sovereignty argument to claim that the uk should have been able to shut its doors as it liked not only ignores the interests of countries like italy and greece , but the humanitarian issues the uk used to be famous for being concerned about , and the fact that the uk is actively helping create the refugee crisis by military actions . 
   apologies for trying to get bit of healthy discussion going . 
  i do take your point . 
  it 's not a very arguable one , though . 
   bureaucratic inefficiency it 's hard to think of a more efficient bureaucracy than the eu bureaucracy , in fact . 
  33,000 eu civil servants manage a budget slightly bigger than ireland 's gdp , when ireland alone has 37,000 managing a smaller budget - and the surrounding cloud of ` public sector ' workers in the irish case is several hundred thousand strong . 
  if you calculate the number of eu civil servants ireland would have - in proportion to its government budget size as a proportion of eu government budgets overall - it works out that ireland , if its bureaucracy were as ` inefficient ' as the eu 's , would have a grand total of 318 civil servants . 
  the uk would have 3,933 . 
   lack of exposure and transparency on what happens with eu money - and how efficiently that eu money is being used again , the eu 's use of money is far more transparent than that of any of its member states by quite some way , although the exposure point is valid if you mean the extent to which that is publicised by media as opposed to visible in the first place . 
   sovereignty in cases like refugee quotas and the push against the rise of far-rights ( which is bad , but at this stage , brussels should not have a say in this matter imo , it just makes things worse , like when you tell a teenager not to smoke , and then he starts binge drinking ) . 
  we should be a union , not have members pushed around brussels does n't have any say in the flavour of member state governments , only if they start dismantling the national constitutional rules that make it possible for them to be members of the eu in the first place . 
  i would have said it was obvious that if a member state voted by referendum to elect a dictator for life , that member state can not be a member of the eu any more . 
   immigration from outside the eu - solved by , well , not something brexiters would be excited about , but , more eu integration in the form of common , stronger border control for the mediterranean and balkans . 
  which is a reform already under way , and which would have been much more visibly the case if cameron had waited a year , as he could have done . 
  i 'd say that 's covered under `` but considering that boris johnson might be the next prime minister , i 'm not really sure . '', 
  hence the explosive analogy - blew up the union and killed his political career in the process . 
  i find it quite mad that someone can really believe him to be a noble and misunderstood statesman . 
   not promise `` law a '' in the programme and then vote `` not law a '' once they elected , because it 's better for the people . 
  even if , on getting into government , they 've found that `` law a '' is a really bad idea ? 
  the reason one does n't , and should n't , pick representatives on the basis of their degree is not the basis you cite . 
  there 's nothing wrong with a representative being expert , nor is the disagreement between expert points of view a reason for not picking them - since quite aside from anything else two representatives who know sod-all about a subject are equally if not even more likely to have strong and different views on it . 
  it 's because representatives have , in any case , qualified experts to advise them on the many fields covered by their legislative activity , and what 's best is someone who is best at picking the best advice in as many of them as possible , not someone who has narrow expertise of their own . 
   expertise is misunderstood in politics . 
  indeed it is . 
   representatives are supposed to represent ( make decisions you would have made yourself ) . 
  what 's the point in voting if your representative does whatever they like ? 
  this is a common mistake . 
  representatives are n't in fact there simply to `` make decisions you would have made yourself '' , they are there to make the best decisions for your interests . 
  hence :  the fact that people have to vote for packets of policies , not cherrypick them `` i vote for ukip to leave eu '' , but `` i vote for conservatives to set taxes '' . 
  i would say that the decision most people would make in regard to setting taxes , had they the power , would be one that exempted themselves from tax as much as possible , but everyone knows that 's not what their representative is going to do ( bar maybe tea party republicans in the us ) . 
   and look -- ukip has 22 seats in european parliament . 
  you seem to think i was pointing out the number of ukip mps as some kind of swipe at them . 
   if greece exited the eu , they would n't have money to pay their debt no matter how much the eu or the other lenders bitched about it . 
  and if the eu had n't taken on that debt , but kicked greece out , that would have been someone else 's problem entirely , which makes your conclusion rather ridiculous , because the eu member states could have avoided your scenario entirely had they wanted to . 
   i believe the point was that in a representative democracy ie 50 % of the votes = 50 % of the mps . 
  the uk had a referendum on fixing the system that produced that result , but voted against it . 
  that seems unlikely , since the uk has n't had one . 
   you 're wrong . 
  it cost him his job , but it set in motion a series of reforms which are now imperative for the eu 's survival . 
  what ? 
  no , he has n't . 
  he has unintentionally created an enormous cockup which might make the eu decide they need reforms , and might not . 
   you 're misinformed , as a 2 sec google search w / those very words above will abundantly show , including articles and videos from cameron himself using that exact expression . 
  no , you 've confused cameron saying that for reality , that 's all . 
  he offered no reforms other than trying to press fixes for a few of his own concerns on the rest of the eu . 
  you do have quite a unique point of view on him . 
  i think you 're going to be awfully disappointed , though , because his place in history is not going to be that of a noble and honourable visionary who set a process of eu reform in train . 
  he 's more like the guy who causes fire safety rules for explosive stores to be revised by stupidly blowing himself and some bystanders across five counties . 
  which remains almost comically sad . 
  it 's like the kind of people who used to get worked up about being a british `` subject '' on their passports . 
   it does prove my point . 
  it means if greece leaves the eu it wo n't pay its debt . 
  see original post about leaving the euro , defaulting , and being a pariah , and the greeks not wanting that . 
  see , the greeks could have been tossed out before the eu assumed their debts . 
  because greece originally owed its debt to * other people * , not the eu . 
  do you see how that works ? 
  grexit , drachma ... so what ? 
  nobody 's problem but greece 's - and their original lenders , of course . 
  except ... solidarity . 
  virtually nobody , i suspect . 
  and , hilariously , i think you 're going to claim that bolsters * your * case . 
   among others , making his own views prevail within 1 ) his party 2 ) his country and 3 ) the eu . 
  he succeeded at none of them , and if those were the intentions behind the referendum , they were an appalling miscalculation to begin with . 
   he miscalculated the effects of the refugee droves on the public opinion and then it was too late to backtrack . 
  it 's worse than that . 
  the refugee crisis was already in full swing when he chose the referendum date , the political effects of it would be obvious to a blind and clinically insane dog , and he did n't have to hold the referendum this year at all - his promise was to hold it by the end of 2017 . 
   close means close however you look at it or in spite of individual views about what 's being voted . 
  no matter how i look at it , that phrase does n't make any sense . 
  he turned a remain majority into a leave one while campaigning for remain . 
   personally , i think cameron was proven right in that it seems now pretty clear that a reformed eu is the only alternative -- otherwise , other dissatisfied countries will follow suit . 
  and personally , i think that 's ... well , again , i 'm not sure what that is , other than nonsense . 
  cameron never tried for a reformed eu , he tried to press certain uk domestic concerns onto the other countries , and got told no . 
  he never had any vision for a reformed eu , the idea is frankly farcical given the history of the last couple of years . 
  as to whether other countries follow suit - maybe , although it 's a habit of uk eurosceptics to believe incorrectly that eurosceptics in other countries are identical to themselves . 
  i suspect , though , that most countries will wait to see what happens to the uk - and , of course , themselves * make * things happen to the uk . 
  i 'm not sure how i can make this clearer .
