  to put it another way , there have been a grand total of 350 isds cases ever , and companies have won maybe 130 isds cases - again , ever . 
  and that 's with a model of isds that the commission regards as excessively biased in favour of companies and in need of fixing . 
   it 's the same chance as not divorcing , and a much better chance than applying for a job or playing the lottery . 
  and those comparisons would be relevant how ? 
   this is not about hurt feelings . 
  i 'm really not using `` feel '' in an emotional sense - i mean that they think , believe , their analysts tell them that . 
  `` feel '' sums it up , because they may not have any objective analysis . 
  it 's not about `` hurt feelings '' , obviously - that would be both silly and irrelevant . 
   this is about gaining advantages whereever they can . 
  why would companies not argue for a court system that is more in their favour ? 
  indeed , why would they not ? 
  why would n't i , or you ? 
   as i mentioned in another reply , they implicitly place contractual agreements and the leverage of ownership on a higher level than laws , constitutions and the common good . 
  in their perspective the democratically mandated government is just one actor on the market like a company . 
  i do n't see that as the case at all . 
  governments remain the regulators , with an unfettered right to regulate in the common good , and all that isds allows is companies to seek compensation in cases where they have been * unfairly * treated . 
  how does that set corporations up at the same level as governments ? 
  it 's the same position they have with respect to governments at the national level . 
  that 's pretty unpleasantly jingoistic reading , even if one agrees with the value of an exercise like this . 
  it pretty much reads `` look at our war diiiicks !, 
  so big !, 
  so hard !, 
  looook at us waving them in putin 's face ! '' . 
  to put that another way , the article shows an unpleasant and disturbing fetishisation of military force for its own sake . 
  and that kind of military fetishisation is one of the precursory conditions for aggressive warfare . 
  that should , and does , tilt the playing field in favour of the government , but it 's not an argument for allowing indecisive or arbitrary government actions to screw up even narrow interests - after all , most people have `` narrow interests '' compared to governments . 
  the report does say that , but no legal impediment to development is mentioned up to the point where the government took a decision - * after * the encouragement - that no development could be permitted , on foot of a review . 
  if you 're assuming there was no permission to proceed , you 're assuming a lot without evidence . 
  and if there was no existing permission to proceed , then i would n't see bilcon as having any chance of winning compensation - as said , if the situation really is such that it 's easily demonstrable that bilcon were jumping the gun , then their case would be very weak . 
  you seem to be arguing on the basis that bilcon do have such a demonstrably weak case on the one hand , but that it 's either a foregone conclusion they 'll win compensation , or a bad thing in itself that they can sue at all - but if their case is as weak as you believe , bilcon are simply running themselves into a position where they will wind up paying costs for both parties after they lose . 
  going to court is not evidence that someone has a high likelihood of winning . 
  as pointed out before , companies win only about 35 % of isds cases , although they initiate 100 % of them . 
   if the isds functioned as the national courts , they would n't be needed . 
  again , this comes back to the question of whether foreign companies feel they will be fairly treated in national courts . 
  if they do , then there is no need for isds . 
  i ca n't help but note an oddity about the arguments here - isds has been repeatedly described as `` opening the door to corporations suing governments '' , but it 's clear that a lot of people are aware that corporations already can , and do , sue governments in national courts , and seem to have no problem with that . 
  and isds panels are being described as `` foreign courts '' - is that what people think they are ? 
  and do they see why their fear of `` foreign courts '' is actually an argument * for * isds ? 
   explain your usage of the word `` too . '', 
   businesses are institutions of money making  businesses are endeavours of citizens , too . 
  there is n't actually a point when businesses suddenly stop being staffed by humans and the place is taken over by money-zombies , as far as i know . 
  yes , a business exists to make money , but that 's rarely what motivates the people in it , even corporations . 
  and on the flip side , governments are n't staffed by angels . 
  civil servants and politicians can become a little too insulated to care about who their decisions affect , and how badly . 
  having said that , it 's right to be suspicious of corporations and their motives in law , but the kind of blanket denial of any rights - even property rights - to corporations that 's being advocated in this debate is excessive ( and entirely unrealistic ) . 
  the law exists to protect everyone , even corporations , and that 's not wrong . 
   so , we agree that isds is not actually strictly necessary ? 
  sure - if the eu and us can agree to forego it on the basis that their national courts are quite up to the job , that would be fine . 
  i suspect , though , that governments quite like isds , because it means embarrassing government legislative cock-ups that cost the taxpayer a lot of money are handled away from national media . 
  because as we can see from the surprisingly passionate defences of executive freedom of action in the face of ttip , if it 's in a treaty , the government get to look like victims , rather than idiots . 
  and politicians do love that kind of `` get out of bad press free '' card . 
   an international/european court of corporate rights would be a dreadful thing . 
  businesses are institutions of money making , not organisms in need of protection . 
  businesses are endeavours of citizens , too . 
  honestly , you 'd think they were some kind rampaging alien war machines to be hunted down on sight . 
  has nobody here ever tried to start a business , or run their own ? 
  there 's a * lot * more to it than endless soulless rapaciousness . 
   frankly i could n't care less . 
  i do n't want to adapt democracy to conform to the interests of stockholders . 
  if a government suddenly passes a protectionist law because it thinks the law is in the best interest of the country then it bloody well should . 
  and sometimes that law is unfair , discriminatory , or arbitrary , and somebody gets compensation , that 's all . 
  have to say i 'm very impressed by people 's belief that governments only pass laws in the best interests of the country , though . 
   why do foreign governments protect the assets of their private companies in other countries at all ? 
  risky investments have higher return for a reason . 
  ** if you do n't want to take the risk , do n't . 
  ** running to daddy ( domestic government ) for help should n't be the option . 
  and that 's why governments put isds into treaties ( as they 're doing in ttip ) - to make it less risky , so that more companies invest in their country . 
   some leftist parties are eurosceptic by nature . 
  but the idea that left parties in western/central europe are somehow pro-putin is false . 
  possibly - it 's not my article , and i highlighted it just to make the point that the eurosceptic/left grouping of votes has been seen before and is n't a new thing . 
  there 's also no question that while they may be arguably not pro-putin , you can definitely say they 're anti-anti-putin . 
   a yes or no vote can often lead to misunderstandings if you do n't have context . 
  sure - ideally i 'd have liked to see the explanations of votes , but i 'm not sure whether they 're available yet if any have been made . 
   so much `` fairly '' in one post . 
  a company is an organization . 
  they have no morals , or sense of fairness , or shame , just interests . 
  a framework that serves their interest better is in their meta-interest . 
  so to say . 
  a company is a group of people working together . 
  many companies , most even , have , as a result a sense of fairness and morals . 
  to the extent that they do n't because of diffusion of responsibility , the same is true of governments . 
   see above . 
  also , this is not about the glorious home team scoring against evil yanks fc . 
  the game is companies vs. taxpayers . 
  the game is companies versus governments - if governments make irresponsible or arbitrary decisions that cost the taxpayer money , the fault lies with the government . 
   as do national courts where the judges do n't have a financial interest in repeat business . 
  courts regularily rule against the german government here . 
  an arbitrator ruling on the basis of getting repeat business would result in the overturning of the judgement . 
  this is n't the wild west we 're talking about . 
   they can however make the government pay regardless of whether the law represents the will of the people . 
  if the treaty that contains isds rules has been voted for by the parliament , they are just as much representative of the will of the people as any other piece of legislation . 
  there is n't some other magic process involved - and if ttip contains isds , it will be because it has been accepted by 29 parliaments . 
   or they just want an extra recourse to get money that local companies do n't have access to , regardless of whether they feel the courts in place are `` just '' . 
  you know , because that 's nice to have . 
  there will be an element of that , but there is a perfectly genuine and reasonable fear that foreign companies will not be treated as equitably as domestic ones in domestic courts . 
   with pakistan . 
  by all means include isds where both countries do n't have functioning courts , but not the eu and the us . 
  sure , that 's a reasonable argument - if they can agree to forego it , then let 's do that . 
   irrelevant what the companies would `` feel '' . 
  they know the court system before doing an investment in that country .
