  is israel so negatively viewed in your eyes that viewing israel in a positive light is considering being against the interests of humanity ? 
  no , it 's the * way * you do it . 
  after all , while there are certainly times when i think the israeli government is acting badly , the same is true of many other countries . 
  it 's not a special israel thing - although israel did aspire to be something more . 
   you have n't addressed the fact that anything pro-israel is dismissed as ` close-minded fanatical bigots ' . 
  by the same kind of people as you , but who 've latched onto the opposite 'cause ' . 
  my rule is generally to let fanatics slug it out between themselves . 
   to put it another way , you literally said ` you have n't changed my opinion of the typical israeli stereotype , you just proved it ' . 
  no , i said you * personally * appeared to be a particular type of israeli - one that one meets online . 
  israel , obviously , has as much diversity as any other country - a good deal more than some , for obvious reasons . 
  but you personally are one of a particular kind , at least through the medium of text - quite likely you 're not as appalling in real life , but online , sorry , you come across as one of a very un-diverse horde of close-minded fanatical bigots on the subject of israel . 
  it 's not even as if it 's something particularly israeli , either . 
  there are plenty of people online just like you , and the only constants are the close-mindedness , the vicious over-reactions , the certainty of your own correctness . 
  the actual subject on which people like you are rabid is the only diversity - some of you do it about israel , some about free markets , some about conspiracy theories . 
  but in the end what comes across is just the sort of ` human dross ' aspect , and you do whatever 'cause ' you espouse a good deal of damage . 
  a lot of your kind are n't israeli , or jewish either - israel is just your particular thing for the kind of * person * you are . 
  so , luckily , i 'm not stupid enough to think of you as any kind of representative of your nation . 
  unluckily , the reverse does n't seem to be the case , which , again , is standard . 
  and , true , that 's stereotyping , but , well , you 're not doing anything at all outside that stereotype 's box . 
  you personally really are stereotypically close-minded , anyway . 
  are all * your * opinions about people `` stereotypes '' ? 
  or do you not apply that to yourself ? 
  is it just people who have any negative opinions in any way about anything to do with israel or israelis who are guilty of `` stereotypes '' ? 
  do you have any idea at all just how bigoted and fanatical you come across as being ? 
  or do you just dismiss that as `` stereotyping '' by whatever evil thing you now conceive me to be ? 
  that 's quite a hard question to answer . 
  i 've watched two irish governments run eu treaty referendums which delivered them the ` wrong ' answer , by which they were as far as could be seen entirely surprised , despite their having run unbelievably lacklustre campaigns for the result they wanted . 
  these were , in most other ways , cunning if not always competent governments - so clearly it 's possible for a government , or a leader , to badly misread the electorate , and take something as a foregone conclusion when it was anything but . 
  indeed , a large part of screwing up a referendum is any suggestion that the government thinks it 's a foregone conclusion . 
  that gets you a kicking nearly every time . 
   you ask that question in regards to any exchange on reddit , it 's there to give opinions the rather noticeable latch-on and the immediate attack were unusual . 
   i doubt you had ` no opinion at all ' when it came to israel , that somehow our exchange influenced your opinion negatively.you ask that question in regards to any exchange on reddit , it 's there to give opinions i meant you personally , rather than israel . 
  i admit that you have n't changed my opinion of the kind of israeli you appear to be . 
   like i said , it 's complicated and do n't expect you to easily understand . 
  well , yes , again that 's been pretty clear . 
  but perhaps think about whether that 's actually about my understanding rather than your expectations - and more generally about other people 's understanding and your assumptions . 
  i 'm assuming , of course , that you 're not in fact in your eighties or older - you come across as under thirty . 
  the eu could n't have stopped them if they chose to do it . 
  the referendum may have said their government should do it , but their government did n't do it . 
  how does that become `` the eu totally stopped them '' in your mind ? 
   the impression is you were giving your own opinion , you did n't say it was the common irish view point ... 
  it 's certainly how you took it up , but we already knew that . 
  i would have thought it was clear enough , given i said i was probably the wrong person to ask . 
  true , i put it bluntly , but why would i try to tailor somebody else 's opinion to your tastes ? 
  what makes you keep at it , even so ? 
  what can you actually gain from this exchange , other than the knowledge that somewhere out there , someone who previously had no opinion at all about you now has a somewhat negative one ( and vice versa , obviously ) ? 
  why do you feel the need to react to perceived slights on israel ? 
  over-react , even . 
   how does one ` shout ' over the internet ? 
  you seem to lack a basic understanding that tone is difficult to convey through writing . 
  surprisingly untrue . 
  it 's only text , after all . 
  you know , the stuff books are written in ? 
  they seem to be able to convey tone adequately , or at least the whole history of literature suggests that 's the case . 
  and i suspect you can tell my tone perfectly well from the above , too . 
  as to the rest , you asked me , as far as i care to recall . 
  i gave what i see as the * common * irish view on it , and you instantly spat the dummy . 
  i do n't doubt that shouting your version of things at people will eventually enlighten them . 
  or not , of course . 
  i 'm not sure why you 've chosen * me * to shout into understanding , though . 
  actually , nothing really can , not even decisions of a previous parliament , or a previous decision of the same parliament . 
  there is nothing higher in the uk constitutional setup than the monarch in parliament . 
  the whole ` odious debt ' schtick is just sad , tbh . 
   and yes , that is odious debt because of the mismanagement by the eurozone : the ecb was n't allowed yet to created emergency liquidity , so greece would n't have been prey to a debt snowball if their central bank acted in their interest . 
  gosh . 
  i wonder who wrote the ecb 's statutes ? 
  perhaps they did it themselves ? 
  oh , how i wonder !, 
  shrug . 
  i told you how it appeared to most irish people , and you immediately responded by implying that all irish people are anti-semitic . 
  as if there were no other possible explanation , presumably because you can not imagine that there can be , nor any other version of reality but the one you see . 
  i 'd be sorry for you , but you 're part of the world 's problems , and i 'm not sorry for you - i just wish you were a better human being . 
  as for my dealings with any * other * human beings , they 're none of your business whatsoever , for which i 'm thankful . 
  we 're only not in schengen because the uk is n't , though . 
   for us average people on the street if we joined the eea there would be very little difference between pre and post-brexit that 's true . 
  i thought that was why eea membership had been kind of ruled out , though ? 
   or even novel dynamic models where you can reassign your vote to someone else whenever you like without waiting for 4 years . 
  one of several ` liquid democracy ' ideas that are interesting . 
  most of these , though , are basically ways of trying to micromanage elected representatives , on the assumption that representative democracy is `` doing democracy wrong '' . 
  i 'm not disagreeing , but perhaps one of the most important decisions possible was n't the best one to start off with ? 
  i suggest having a look at this article : http://news.efinancialcareers.com/uk-en/248265/london-banking-redundancies-brexit/?utm_source=global_eng&amp;utm_medium=sm_tw&amp;utm_campaign=article  if you perchance thought that your london banking job would be safe with britain outside the european union , you were wrong . 
  consultants working for leading strategy firms in london say banks have activated their contingency plans and that the london job cuts are about to come thick and fast . 
   `` you 're looking at 50,000 to 70,000 london finance jobs being moved overseas in the next 12 months , '' says one consultant working with one of the top finance strategy firms in the city . 
  `` jobs are going to be cut , and those cuts are going to start next week . '' people have already started receiving their redundancy notices . 
   idk why we could n't have voted to go to the eea instead though ( like norway ) particularly given the uk was a founder member of the eea , and hoped it would grow in preference to the eu . 
   greece can make a solid case that their finances were mismanaged by the ecb , as it did n't provide emergency credit in times of emergency , and therefore it was odious debt . 
  i do love the term ` odious debt ' . 
  i 've yet to see it used by anyone who had the faintest inkling that in addition to being a real concept , it has a definition which does n't ever encompass what you think it does . 
   a lot of greece 's debt is compound interest accumulated after 2010 . 
  on the other hand , a straight error of fact like that one is much less interesting . 
  greece is paying very little interest compared to its debt , and is not paying compound interest because it is meeting its debt obligations . 
  of old , i know that facts do n't matter to you , though . 
   if electorate is in hysteria they are free to chose a crazy party . 
  that does n't fix the representative system . 
  well no , it would n't , because it 's not an issue with the representative system , but with the power of voting . 
   i 'm not saying everyone should go to referendums every day and forget everything else . 
  luckily , since there 's a lot of other stuff to do . 
  on the other hand , that was what democracy looked like where it was invented - you only got the vote if you could afford to pay full-time attention to public affairs . 
  and were n't a woman , * obviously * . 
   but looking at more democratic countries you see how they learn about the outcomes of their votes the more they vote .
