  again , not trying to say that people should n't make a big noise about this stuff - making a noise about it helps keep the politicians doing what 's really wanted . 
  but whataboutery , misinformation and paranoia is n't really a strong position in the long run . 
   what do you make of the claim by martin wolf , financial times columnist that the financial sector is an out of control spider wasp who 's larve is eating out the modern market economy from the inside ? 
  pretty accurate , but hard to see what it has to do with ttip . 
   he 's an absolutely brilliant linguist not actually convinced about that , unless by brilliant you mean `` able to create complex theories '' . 
   corporate tax is a tax on the public as it is . 
  the costs just get passed on - on wages , on prices of goods and services , on diminished investment . 
  i 'm not entirely sure that 's the case , at least directly . 
  corporation taxes are , after all , a tax on profits , which is the remainder after costs . 
  if it were easy to ` pass on ' the bite taken by corporation tax , it would be easy to simply ramp profits up anyway . 
  if that were the case , there would clearly be an opportunity for a competitor to undercut you , or alternatively there would appear to be no barrier to simply raising profits ad infinitum . 
  what a profit tax does do is lower the attractiveness of entry to a given market , either by external companies or by new companies - but that only matters where the barriers to entry are n't otherwise high anyway . 
  overall , i 'd say that the ` costs ' of corporation tax are only passed on to consumers in the most competitive markets . 
   there are also a lot of uninformed people when it comes to ttip and you often hear a lot of bullshit about it on the internet for example :  until now there was no information about it . 
  if you 've been following ttip , you 'd know that a good chunk of the documents in this leak have been available for some time from the eu 's ttip website . 
  other user is correct . 
  would be nice if the ones that are n't publicly available were flagged as such . 
   so you do not understand that if the honest legislators of the past are replaced by corrupt legislators , the laws will be bad . 
  oh ... right , you 're going for the massive conspiracy of evil then . 
  oh , all right - amsterdam . 
  happy now ? 
  have you something specific by him in mind ? 
  if i start digging i 'll wind up back at linguistic theory again . 
   across the board ? 
  why should they be dropped at all ? 
  that 's the point i 'm making . 
  neither the us government nor the eu wants them dropped , yet you 're convinced they 'll be dropped . 
  i 'm trying to work out what basis you have for that belief . 
   because american companies are big and profitable and have leverage . 
  the reason they have trade problems with europe is because they have lower standards . 
  they would n't need a trade agreement to raise their standards , they could simply meet those standards . 
  therefore , the purposes of the agreement can only reasonably be said to lower european standards . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  yes , i do n't believe you . 
  and i think you should read up about the supposed `` dropping '' of pesticide regulation , because it has been shelved , not dropped , and shelved because the lobbyists were threatening to put pressure on the ttip talks as a way of getting what they wanted in the pesticides regulation . 
  shelving it until after the ttip talks removes a hostage . 
  it 's also worth pointing out that the us * does n't * have lower standards across the board compared to the eu . 
  in some areas they 've traditionally led europe . 
   jesus wept dude , have you even read any of the opposition to ttip ? 
  lots and lots and lots of it . 
  hell , i 've also read some of the pro-ttip stuff too . 
   i personally ca n't explain why europe would compromise it 's standards , but they are - chances are for the hope of making money . 
  but `` europe '' does n't make money that way - if it did , it could make money very simply and quickly by dropping all standards in europe . 
  the us could do the same in the us . 
  but they do n't . 
  lobbyists are lobbying about ttip . 
  the very same lobbyists lobby the eu , the us , national governments and regulators all the time , looking for exactly the same things . 
  yet suddenly the same regulators who somehow manage to cope with that lobbying pressure the other 365 days of the year will cave utterly to it in ttip ? 
  because `` markets '' ? 
  makes no sense . 
   that 's not a conspiracy , that 's just common sense . 
  the point is that if people do n't push back against some of what ttip is suggesting , we 'll get steamrolled . 
  eh , i 'm obviously not objecting to opposition to any of ttip , and you always need public pressure to balance private pressure . 
  but is misinformed hysterical opposition actually useful ? 
  i admit i 'm dubious about chomsky - partly an allergy picked up in college , but partly because of his linguistic theories . 
  still , will check . 
  actually , i have a similar problem with ttip - for me , ttip would likely reinforce an environmentally unsustainable setup . 
  there are counter-arguments , though . 
  i can see a valid prima facie assumption of that , but would want to see a bit more support than just an assumption . 
   in that case there are no negotiations necessary : if they 're producing stuff that is already good enough for our current standards , they already can import it . 
  not without complying with a different ( often artificially different ) compliance regime that gets to the same outcome by a different route . 
  you should perhaps read the leaked documents , which do make it clear that what you say is not the case , and changing the situation forms a good part of the meat of negotiations . 
   a belief that the market requires it . 
  a never-before encountered belief that has n't applied to the single market in several decades of operation , does n't apply to the eu 's other free trade agreements , yet applies here because ... well , because shadowy stuff and evil , as far as i can see . 
   they are designed with profit in mind , and the result is concentrations of wealth and power into a tiny elite . 
  ah , ok - you mean the way the system is currently set up favours capital concentration , and that ttip does n't change that . 
  fair point , although i 'm not sure that the impact of free trade on capital-labour balance is necessarily linear in that way . 
   in favour of the us 's policies . 
  they 're not bringing the us up to our standards . 
  why would it be that way round ? 
  and what makes you think that standards in the us are lower than ours across the board ? 
   you really seem invested in playing this down , why the fuck should n't i personally be concerned about this ? 
  i stand to gain nothing . 
  i have n't suggested you should n't be personally concerned , only that you 're misinformed . 
  i do n't stand to gain anything from ttip that i 'm aware of . 
   some might say they have vested interests , but i do n't care to speculate on the reasons , i 'm only interested in the impact of ttip itself right now . 
  explaining why the eu would throw away its existing work is required before you can claim ttip involves doing just that . 
  otherwise the probability is that ttip does n't involve doing so , and you 're simply wrong . 
   it 's not really `` scaremongering '' , they want to take away security measures on chemicals used in foods , testing to make sure products are safe before going to market . 
  i 'm afraid that * is * scaremongering . 
  what they want to do is harmonise standards with the us - there 's a risk that that could in some cases lead to a reduction in standards , but food is a particularly sensitive area for both the eu and us , and nobody is aiming to `` take away security measures on chemicals used in foods '' . 
  ask yourself a question . 
  the eu 's legislators ( and indeed us legislators as well ) have spent half a century fighting to create common high standards on things like food safety - what do you believe is their motivation for deciding to suddenly do away with all their own work ? 
   why does it even need to be leaked ? 
  it should be open . 
  actually , a lot of it does n't need to be leaked , because a lot of it is open . 
  the leaked documents have in bold type on their front pages the reason they 're classified - because revealing the eu 's position in the negotiations weakens the eu 's position in the negotiations . 
   i would imagine that those who sought to protect the public interest would see what happened with the likes of nafta and seek to have the ttip proposals abandoned . 
   these so called free trade agreements have a history of profoundly negative impacts , so i understand the problem i have with that view is that the sheer number of free trade agreements being negotiated or already concluded ( there are literally thousands , between all kinds of countries ) , taken with your `` history of profoundly negative impacts '' , would require that the world is in the grip of a massive conspiracy of evil . 
  how else does one explain governments and parliaments all across the world setting out to create such agreements , negotiating them with great effort , voting them through ? 
  it 's a lot of work just to create these terrible things , hard to explain unless you 're going to go with david icke 's political theories . 
   i did n't hear about it until it was well in the works , through an mep who 's opposed to it . 
  you do n't think that possibly that might have coloured your view of it ? 
   politicians are so dismissive that it 's not a topic much discussed . 
  email your mep and they will , at best , say they are working on a few changes to the proposals , but give no time for ideas that the whole thing needs to be abandoned . 
   private powers do n't want it discussed , so it is n't being discussed . 
  i do n't think that 's at all true . 
  the commission run pretty regular public briefings , as have meps ( here at least ) . 
  i 'm not sure why anyone * would * spend much time on the idea of `` abandoning the whole thing '' before the final version is even drafted . 
  proposed eu-us free trade agreement .
