  hmm . 
  so if you came to me with your idea for a startup company , say , and asked for a loan - and i said , well , ok , but that 's kind of high-risk so the interest will be high , then i am , in fact , a crook ? 
  and when a country goes looking for loans , as it might be greece , for example , and the markets say `` ok , we will lend , but you 're a bad risk , so we 're going to have to charge high interest , because you have n't always paid back what you 've borrowed '' , then they 're crooks ? 
  what would an honest lender have said ? 
  `` sorry , no , you may not repay so we wo n't lend , full stop '' ? 
  would you really say people will regard that as honest ? 
  i do n't think so , i think there would immediately be calls to replace market lending with lending from official sources , as has been done . 
   while much wealthier countries in northern europe had barely spent a fraction of that on military and in return their military is a complete joke , greece ended up fucked because of this spending spree . 
  there seems to be an increasing trend towards the pretence that greece is some kind of military bulwark in a militarily flabby europe . 
  let 's be clear that whatever greece may have spent , it 's not - it is regarded as militarily less impressive than slovakia or portugal : http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing.asp, 
  he 's brazil 's representative on the imf board , and has a long history of attacking the `` european hegemony '' in the imf . 
  and german and french banks were haircut to the tune of $ 100 billion for the benefit of greece , so it 's hard to see that he 's making anything other than a political statement of his usual kind here . 
  either way , he 's not `` the imf '' . 
  so the seagulls in the city centre now ... are they just ` on holiday ' ? 
  those are good minutes to mount an invasion , though , while we 're all temporarily blinded . 
  but does n't * really * say `` major military badass , do n't dare mess with us '' . 
  no , for example ireland 's eurosceptic left party sinn fein is n't pro-russian . 
   these are supposed to be the legitimate democratic representatives of the people , according to euroskeptics at least , and they are spending their political clout at undermining each other and us for the sake of their lobby groups and security apparatuses . 
  one of the advantages of the institutional eu ( parliament & commission ) is that it has no security apparatus of its own to defend . 
  and while it does get lobbied , its interest in particular corporate groups is much less focused than the interests of national governments . 
  annoyingly , we can probably rely on both the epp and the eurosceptics to vote through the council version of this . 
  yep . 
  probably get upvoted for it , too . 
  surprisingly little , actually . 
  i mean , the `` tactical state of play '' document that was leaked is full of stuff like this :  on wine , the eu recalled that ttip must include comprehensive disciplines on wine and spirits based on the incorporation of the existing bilateral agreements , and eliminate the possibility for us producers to use the 17 eu wine names ( so-called `` semi-generics '' ) listed in annex ii of the 2006 wine agreement . 
  the us reiterated its opposition to the incorporation of wine rules in ttip and to the eu request on semi-generics . 
  the eu expressed strong concerns and will follow up at political level . 
  where the process seems to be at is that they 're half-way through tabling their proposals to each other in some places , but there are plenty of areas where they have n't even completed the process of deciding what their proposals should be about in the first place . 
  um , the point of the analogy is that hollande is talking about ending construction because the half-finished house is not something he would like as a finished house . 
  this is hardly surprising , because a half-finished house is not a finished house . 
  just to be even clearer , there is , at this point , so little agreed in ttip that saying he would n't sign it right now is completely pointless . 
  there 's nothing to sign , and so there 's nobody else who would sign it either . 
  sure , he could claim that he `` does n't like the direction it 's going in '' , but there is n't even a direction , really , at this point . 
  the `` consolidated texts '' that greepeace leaked are n't * agreed * texts - they 're literally just a collected version of the two different positions . 
  it 's not inevitable that there will ever be a completed ttip , but if there is , that is something that hollande could meaningfully reject/accept . 
  not really . 
  the first one looks like it does , admittedly , but the second one , i hope , is more obvious . 
  yay !, 
  it 's long past time people stopped using the pwc flowerpot manufacturer 's tax rate as a defence for tax-avoiding multinationals . 
  pwc 's report uses the same methodology * every * year . 
   french president fran\u00e7ois hollande said tuesday that france could not accept a transatlantic trade agreement between the eu and u.s. at the current stage of talks because his country was against what he called free trade without rules . 
  this is entirely meaningless political posturing , though . 
  there is no ttip to accept `` at the current stage of talks '' - the concept is entirely empty . 
  it 's like saying you ca n't accept 2018 `` at the current stage of the calendar '' . 
  or that you can not accept a half-built house as a house `` at the current stage of construction '' . 
   are there conclusive studies ? 
  i do n't know from what ass she 's pulling that from . 
  nah , there 's conclusive studies the other way . 
  but , hey , who cares what science thinks , amirite ? 
   while the eu is making its suggestions publicly available , the u.s. insists on keeping their stances on issues secret . 
  washington utilizes this tactic to ensure a larger scope for negotiations . 
  it 's sort of remarkable that someone can understand how that works , but simultaneously not understand how that works . 
   it seems like we ought to ask ourselves the question , if and when we know the exact details of the ttip agreement , wether the end-sum of all things considered is a net positive or not . 
  sure - but it also seems that some people would prefer not to wait for the end-sum , but reject the agreement on the basis that they reject the negotiating position of one side in it . 
  were you perhaps expecting us documents * not * to argue the us position forcefully ? 
  yeah , i remember it from training . 
  in our case , though , the rotor was sticking , hence the chopper twitching . 
  god love them , and their families and friends . 
  the second chopper i ever got on suffered a mechanical failure shortly after leaving the rig - the whole thing started to twitch as it flew , intercom went dead , and there was brown fluid pouring down the wall of the cabin . 
  we made it to longside with a couple of minutes to spare , but as far as i know the other option was dropping like a stone . 
  this sounds a bit like that . 
  reminds me that i 'm glad to be out of the industry . 
  it 's a good day not to be dead . 
  my old route . 
  and my old ride , too , a super puma.was it bad weather , mechanical failure ... ? 
  another non-surprise . 
  why would the uk have a special status with the other member states once it has unilaterally rejected its special status with the other member states ? 
  well , perhaps some perspective might help . 
  the amounts paid under isds come to something like $ 6.8 m per year per eu country since 1990 . 
  frankly , that 's nothing - smaller , i suspect , than their legal stationary budgets , or the amount spent on disputed parking fines . 
  if you were looking for somewhere to make big government savings , isds would n't be worth bothering with . 
   but putting a price tag on a law , it can effectively become too expensive to keep . 
  that is a fair point , and in some cases , governments * have * reversed rulings ( or more usually modified them ) rather than pay more compensation . 
  on the other hand , i do n't think any piece of general legislation has been repealed on that basis , the number of cases in which it has happened at all is not going to be above double figures in the last half century , and those cases where it has happened have been where the ruling has been found to be not based on the public good or other above-board reason . 
  it 's also worth looking at what the costs of isds actually are - and they 're very low . 
  the figure for all eu countries since 1990 is $ 1.4 bn in awards , which you can push up to $ 3bn if you include cases settled by the parties rather than just tribunal awards . 
  that 's $ 3bn in 25 years over 15 , then 28 countries . 
  works out as about $ 6.8 million per country , per year . 
  which is minuscule - probably less than the rounding errors in a single small departmental budget . 
   nice , but i do n't trust isds tribunals to judge that properly . 
  i would suggest a read of isds case law , then . 
  i say the case law , rather than the `` summaries '' done by various outlets with agendas , because those `` summaries '' are generally deliberately misleading . 
  international arbitration is a very well-established mechanism for resolving international disputes , in use for centuries . 
  it 's not some kind of newly made up pretence at law , although you would n't know that from the propaganda surrounding ttip et al. 
   you can say `` no no that will not happen '' all you like but until we see how this plays out then of course you and i have no fucking clue . 
  we have 600 isds cases to go on , the details of the majority of them freely available , and they are nothing like the products of your imagination . 
  most recently , we have the philip morris case against australia on plain packaging laws , which philip morris lost last december . 
  so even big tobacco ca n't bribe their way to victory . 
   how do you know these courts will decide that ? 
  they 're super-national it wo n't be a jury making decisions but what a judge . 
  from where ? 
  selected by who ? 
  it will be a panel of arbitrators , usually 3 of them , one selected by the company , one by the country , and the third agreed by both . 
  normally the panel works under one of the seven major international arbitration bodies , under well-established and well-known rules . 
  maybe read here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_arbitration, 
  this is complete shite . 
  isds tribunals can rule only on one thing , and that 's whether a company gets compensation . 
  they can not strike down any law at all , not even so much as a minor government decision on what colour placemats to have at official lunches . 
  and companies ca n't get compensation if a law adversely affecting them is for the public good , say a law outlawing their product as poisonous , because a case in isds requires the company had `` reasonable expectations '' of not having that happen , and you * can not * have a reasonable expectation of being allowed to poison people . 
   she got plenty done when she felt like it .
