  personally , i 'd be dubious about ni reuniting with the republic . 
  yes - i did make that point . 
  it was claimed at the time of eu access , though , and for 20 years after . 
  clearly , occupying the claimed territory of another member state is n't a bar to accession . 
   last time they had a referendum , northern cyprus voted for unifiying the island with a decisive majority ( 65 % ) . 
  i stand corrected on that !, 
  but they were n't being asked about reunification on greek cypriot terms , and the greek cypriots voted no because they were n't setting the terms . 
  we 'll see next year , perhaps . 
  either way , the north is not being kept by turkey against its will - and viewing it as something to be returned to the greek half is not going to be preferred over turkish orbit . 
   you can claim all you want , but the northern irelanders have some differing opinion about that as far as i 'm aware . 
  we no longer claim it , having agreed to renounce the claim as part of the good friday agreement and leave the matter to the determination of the people of northern ireland . 
  personally i have no axe to grind over the north - but at the time of eu accession , the claim was still active , and irish governments very much regarded ni as part of the national territory occupied by military force . 
  clearly , this did n't prevent uk membership . 
   how many countries do not recognize northern ireland ? 
  nobody other than us before the gfa . 
  i suspect , though , that this is simply a case of might makes right . 
   by equating the troubles with the occupation of cyprus your saying any country in the eu that has separatist terrorists is equal to a full blown military invasion by a legitimate national government . 
  well , occupation of what 's regarded as part of your national territory by a foreign power is still occupation by a foreign power . 
  that we 've never been stupid enough to go to war with the uk over it is a reflection of our relative military strengths more than anything else . 
   and northern ireland wants to stay in the uk , as gibraltar wants too , and ceuta and melila want to stay in spain . 
  last time i looked , northern cyprus wanted to stay part of turkey . 
   the situation is obviously different i 'm not sure how , tbh . 
  and i can get a spaniard to cough as well , if you like . 
  also known as the occupied six counties ? 
  to which a claim was enshrined in our constitution at the time of entry to the eu by the uk and ireland ? 
  yes . 
  thanks - i have had my troubles , certainly . 
  ... cough . 
  i see all your folk music , and raise you riverdance . 
  what ? 
   the images emerged as an ambulance packed full of explosives was reported to have been found . 
   sources say it was due to be driven into the stadium and then exploded . 
  the other incident was a bloke with a gun . 
  the height of sophistication in terror attacks , for sure . 
   not it 's not a `` maybe '' and `` will '' . 
  it 's `` they were caught red handed again 3 weeks ago doing it in hannover '' : sorry , look , that 's about a truck full of explosives , not cbrn . 
  we were talking about cbrn capacity , or at least i was . 
  we seem to be stuck in a bit of a loop , where you 're using the fact that isil are terrorists to justify an entirely different claim , that they 're capable of carrying out cbrn terror attacks . 
  those two things are separate . 
   probably because i do n't want to write a terrorist manual on the internet ? 
  i have to admit that i do n't feel any great degree of concern over you doing that . 
   which is exactly what i 'm talking about right now . 
  nah , you 're not - you 're just caught up in excitingly horrific possibilities and some personal need for them to be realities . 
  sorry , i 'm afraid i just ca n't match your slightly disturbing level of excitement here . 
  maybe isil * will * do things virtually no other terrorist group has done , but my money 's simply not on it because i do n't think the evidence currently comes within orders of magnitude of supporting a decent level of probability for it , and the fact that no other such group has managed it over the last several decades suggests it 's too difficult to be worth it . 
  your views evidently differ , although the ` evidence ' you 've put forward for cbrn terror capability does n't actually relate to it . 
   your gross dismissal of the risk is pretty dangerous . 
  nobody 's saying we have to flatten yet another country like bush did . 
  but saying `` nothing will happen '' is ridiculous and tempting fate . 
  i 'm not saying `` nothing will happen '' , i 'm saying the risk is being grossly exaggerated . 
  the likelihood of such things is very very low , certainly way too low to justify public fear . 
  be afraid of more attacks at the level we 've already seen , sure - we 've already shown that we lack the capacity to stop such attacks , and they 're far better roi for terrorist groups . 
   again , you do n't know that . 
  like i said - when we know least , we fear most . 
  such panics follow a predictable path . 
  time after time , the media and security experts focus on the most alarming and sophisticated imaginable scenarios . 
  time after time , terrorist groups demonstrate that the key to success in asymetric warfare is kiss - keep it simple . 
  personally , i 'd prefer to worry about what 's known to be possible and repeatedly shown to work , and work well , for terrorist groups . 
   i do n't think there 's ever been an organsation , like is , that is not only well organised , but is sophisticated enough to carryout this type of attack . 
  there is no evidence of such sophistication . 
  the recent attacks do n't show a level of sophistication above other terrorist groups such as eta , ira etc - on the contrary , the attacks are at a * low * level of sophistication . 
  they 're at the school shootings level - small-arms and improvised explosives in publicly-accessible low/no-security areas coordinated by unencrypted mobile phone , with the attackers dying with their victims . 
   people should be aware that the risk of a terrorist attack using non-conventional weapons exists , that 's why the ep issued the report i do n't think it exists any more than it already did . 
  i think the report was commissioned in good faith , but the results betray the usual level of panic that occurs before anyone has a good handle on what 's possible/likely , where even experts are prone to taking the worst possibilities and rolling them out as likelihoods . 
  when we know the least , we fear the worst . 
  i 'm sure isil would * like * to do such things - but other terror groups would have cheerfully done them too , if they were easy to do . 
  we have a huge push in the media and from security services that claims huge sophistication for isil , but as far as i can see the former are engaged in the usual chicken little stuff for new threats , while the latter are desperately trying to distract attention from the fact that they totally failed to prevent extremely * un * sophisticated attacks . 
   they already did multiple chlorine and mustard gas or similar attacks in syria/iraq . 
  what the report actually says is : * the group appears to have manufactured rudimentary chemical-warfare shells , and used them to attack kurdish positions in iraq and syria at least three times in june and july 2015.2 according to investigators , this involved toxic industrial or agricultural chemicals repurposed as weapons . 
  * in june 2015 , australian foreign minister , julie bishop , claimed that isil/da ` esh had used chlorine in combat .3 * in late august 2015 , m\u00e9decins sans fronti\u00e8res4 and the syrian-american medical society ( sams ) 5 reported suspected isil/da ` esh use of mustard gas in marea , northern syria . 
  that is `` appears to have '' , `` claimed '' , and `` reported suspected '' . 
  other sources have made the point that what isil likely have is not the capacity to manufacture their own , but access to stockpiles of iraqi shells . 
  again , gas artillery shells are gas * artillery * shells - not something there 's any point in smuggling into paris . 
  as they are , and as isil is claimed to have used them , you fire them from artillery . 
  hmm . 
  the report concentrates on the fact that isil may have access to cbrn ( chemical , biological etc ) materials , and leaps from there , via the fact that they 're terrorists , to the likelihood of terror attacks using such materials . 
  that 's extremely flimsy , and needs to be put into perspective . 
  from the report : * thefts and misplacements of cbrn material occur on hundreds of occasions each year ; * there is a particular risk that terrorists might use sarin , ricin or anthrax ; * more than 150 cases of trafficking of radiological and nuclear materials are reported annually to the incident and trafficking database of the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) ; * cbrn substances have been carried undetected into the european union ; * interpol 's monthly cbrn intelligence reports show numerous examples of attempts to acquire , smuggle or use cbrn materials . 
  in other words , in a continent which has * regular * and ongoing terrorism , and has done throughout the century since chemical weapons were first mass-produced , there are equally * regular * and ongoing thefts , misplacements , smuggling , and illegal acquisition of cbrn materials ( and one wonders how broad the definition is here ) , and yet we have also had a total of 0 attacks using such materials . 
  that suggests that the claim that `` terrorism + access to cbrn materials = cbrn terror attacks '' is basically hogwash , because `` terrorism + access to cbrn materials '' is the normal status quo in europe . 
  someone is either selling something here , or is not thinking rationally . 
  carrying out a cbrn attack is orders of magnitude more sophisticated than taking small-arms and improvised explosives into a crowded public place . 
  access to iraqi chemical shells designed to be fired by long-range artillery is meaningless - shells are not bombs , and using them without extensive and sophisticated repurposing requires a terrorist group to somehow get their hands on long-range artillery , not just to put a shell in a suitcase and leave it on a train . 
  the conditions needed to safely and reliably create terror weapons from cbrn materials are hard to reproduce in a clandestine group , and even experienced terror groups occasionally blow themselves up using well-understood materials like c4 - the most likely result of a serious attempt to make terror weapons from cbrn materials is dead terrorists . 
  or any other law , surely ? 
  same for any country - any country that 's party to a treaty can terminate their involvement some way or another . 
  whether or not treaty obligations become directly the law of the land does n't really have anything to do with that , it 's a separate issue . 
  nah , completely understandable , my post looks pretty lecture-ish . 
  the quotes were n't a great idea . 
  apologies - no intention to lecture you , just being habitually didactic . 
  plus i 've just had a very long ttip argument with someone who would seize any brevity or ellipsis and take it up entirely wrong . 
   my point was , if they are willing to publish eu 's proposals and positions in full , why not the agreed upon parts of the agreement as well ? 
  fundamentally the answer seems to be the us attitude to anything trade-related , which is automatically classified as secret in the us , no matter how minor or anodyne it is . 
  since the agreed parts of the text are jointly owned , the eu has to have the us 's agreement to publish those texts . 
  publishing them publicly would , of course , make them available in the us , where they 're supposed to be secret , so as far as i 'm aware the us was opposed entirely to that . 
   i would naively expect that not the entire agreement would be created/agreed upon at once , but they 'd go part by part and after finalizing the part they 'd release what they 've agreed upon for that specific part . 
  `` chapters '' * are * agreed as parts - those are the `` consolidated texts '' that meps have been given access to - but they 're not truly separate , and they 're not truly final until the whole thing is agreed . 
  any chapter is still subject to being reopened and changed as part of a deal on another chapter until the last chapter is finalised . 
  so even the chapters do n't really have legal existence individually until the whole deal is completed . 
  plus , the us is super secretive about anything trade-related , so unlike the eu 's negotiating texts the eu has to get the us ' agreement to make the jointly-owned consolidated texts available .
