  because ireland is a sovereign country doing what other sovereign countries also do - competing on tax advantages . 
  i 'm not saying that 's a good thing , but it 's clearly difficult for other countries to complain about a practice they also engage in without accusations of hypocrisy and bullying . 
   i 'm more worried that the eu parliament is being bought like the us government is . 
  it 's more that the parliament has to compromise with the council of ministers ( national governments ) , who wanted far less net neutrality . 
  the parliament could have dug its heels in , but the result would have been no eu net neutrality legislation at all , with no certainty over when/whether such legislation would be proposed again , and no certainty over what the parliament at that time might do about it . 
  half a loaf , as they say . 
  hardly the ep being bought by industry lobbyists . 
   so it 's quite possible that this will let isp 's dump the speed of all competing services while the services they control will rune fine . 
  see how that does n't violate this text as all the other traffic is still treated equally ? 
  it 's a loophole , certainly , but it 's not quite as loose as that :  as long as such agreements do not substantially impair the general quality of internet access services that 's different from `` as long as all other services are treated equally '' . 
  i was looking around , and found this from u/ctolsen :  edit : just to add the eff 's statement to wired , which pretty much says it all :  but jeremy malcolm , senior global policy analyst at eff , told wired that `` overall europe is in a better position today than it was yesterday . '', 
  he said that although the amendments being voted down were `` disappointing '' the laws passed resulted in consistent net neutrality regulation across europe for the first time . 
   `` the disagreement is around the edges , the extent to which loopholes can be miss used for purposes that go beyond legitimate network management , '' he said . 
  `` those loopholes may or may not be exploited but i guess we will see as this rolls out . '', 
   he says this law disallows zero rating , which is does not i think it says that it 's disallowed where it would `` circumvent the rules or limit the user choice '' :  again under the strict supervision of national regulators commercial agreements and practices , including `` zero rating '' that circumvent the rules or limit the user choice will not be allowed . 
  there will not be different classes of internet traffic , as the new rules oblige providers of internet access to treat all traffic in the same way . 
  so allowed but not with an impact on neutrality . 
   unless netflix can claim to be a `` specialized '' service in which case it would be a-ok given the type of `` specialised service '' which the legislation envisages , this would clearly not be the case . 
  i have to admit that this :  there will be no `` fast lanes '' : we have banned paid prioritisation and all traffic has to be treated equally . 
  our rules allow under the strict supervision of national regulators to treat the data traffic other than the access to internet , such as for example data generated by a medical sensor as specialised services provided that the open internet is not negatively affected . 
  seems to be in conflict with the claim that the legislation has horribly large loopholes allowing for a `` 2-speed internet '' in some large or meaningful way . 
  either/both the commission or net neutrality campaigners are spinning the result . 
  if the commissioner is being entirely truthful here , then the `` 2 speed internet '' thus created is n't the disastrous result net neutrality campaigners claim it to be . 
  it 's actually a single-speed * commercial * internet , with a public services `` bus lane '' running alongside it . 
  sure , preventing private services using the bus lane is going to be an issue just as it is on busy city streets , but it does n't create a situation where netflix gets a different speed from joe 's video blog . 
  you could take it that the net neutrality campaigners are not only correct , but that their claims apply meaningfully to the general commercial internet - if so , the commissioner is therefore lying . 
  are the claims correct , or are we actually looking at a ` priority public services lane ' and a ` private traffic lane ' ? 
  goes here for me : https://ec.europa.eu/commission/2014-2019/oettinger/blog/good-news-european-citizens-significant-step-towards-digital-single-market-without-borders_en, 
  there are definitely more scientifically and technologically qualified people in the ep than in our national parliament - both in numbers and as a percentage . 
  allowing for intra-eu national competition on that basis . 
  when you 're a young man , you go to the pub to meet women . 
  when you 're an old man , you go to the pub to avoid them . 
  there 's a period in between when the woman you want to avoid does n't yet allow you to go to the pub in case you meet other women . 
  this is called ` middle age ' . 
   people have no fuckin ' idea ttip exists , how can they even understand it ? 
  oh and even if they knew , negotiations are ... this is great ... secret . 
  treaty negotiations always are , though . 
  treaties get democratic sign-off when negotiations are finished . 
  parliaments can reject them - that 's what makes them democratic , not being open through the whole process . 
   petition with over 3 million signatures for something most of europeans have no idea about is huge . 
  not really - you just mobilise trade union members and other special interests . 
   over 3 million people and 250,000 at demostration in berlin alone plus thousands in other countries , why do i have to repeat myself ? 
  because those numbers do n't show `` overwhelming public opposition '' . 
   those are not special interest groups , but eu citizens . 
  special interest groups are those who want ttip to pass . 
  no , that 's just you thinking `` special interest groups '' sounds bad , and defining it only as pro-ttip groups . 
  the wwf are a ` special interest group ' - their interest is environmental issues . 
  labour unions are special interest groups - their interest is labour rights . 
  every ngo is a special interest group , and it 's those groups which have mobilised their supporters . 
  think about your own points - ttip is barely on the media radar , yet here are 3m people signing up to a petition online . 
  they 're unlikely to be random concerned members of the public , because , as you say , the general public is barely aware of ttip . 
   i 'd rather have economic stagnation than the collapse of our environment yep . 
  a little more dispersion of wealth in europe , and it would be hard to claim we * need * to be wealthier . 
  the main reason for wanting constant growth is that without it , capitalism 's tendency to concentrate wealth means the majority get poorer . 
   no matter if zh is right or not , keeping whole deal secret from citizens is outrageus and our representatives in eu which allow that should be removed from their positions at least . 
  keeping trade deal negotiations secret while they 're in progress is completely standard , and for good reasons . 
  zh 's claim that the deal itself will be secret , on the other hand , is simply untrue . 
  the text of ttip will be available for at least a year before it can be implemented - claims that it will be secret * after * implementation , or that it 's already being implemented , are both completely false . 
   250,000 people on the streets of berlin alone is not ` overwhelming opposition ' obviously . 
  that 's correct - it 's not . 
  it 's a large demonstration . 
  the one in ireland , on the other hand , consisted of maybe 20 people . 
  much is made of the berlin demonstration during anti-ttip week , but it seems to be being focused on not just because it was unexpectedly large , but because not much of note happened elsewhere . 
  opposition in one country - even in germany - is not opposition across the eu . 
   do i have to even mention this : https://stop-ttip.org/ ? 
   3,284,289 people signed it , but hey , no ` overwhelming opposition ' here  and that is n't either . 
  `` overwhelming public opposition '' means that not just the majority of the public , but the majority of the public by a very large margin , oppose something . 
  zh are correct to point out that majority support for `` a trade deal with the us '' - something which has been polled and shown - does n't prove majority support for ttip specifically . 
  but you ca n't go from there to `` overwhelming public opposition '' via a couple of self-selected pr stunts . 
  there is less evidence for `` overwhelming public opposition '' than there is for `` general public support '' - the opposition in nearly all the eu consists of very vocal special interest groups . 
  the article is basically a rewrite of the one doing the rounds as per / u/eleitl 's comment & link . 
  zh , of course , adds its own wrinkles - and no surprises , follows on from the recent max keiser material . 
  zh makes a big thing of claiming that the treaties will be secret even after they 're signed . 
  possibly they did n't read what the sources they referred to actually said , which was that the negotiating texts etc would remain classified for a period after entry into force of the treaty - not the treaties themselves . 
  and you have to love this :  note : the headline to this article says `` despite the public 's overwhelming opposition , '' but the publicly available scientific polling on these secret treaties is also being gamed . 
  in other words , `` we do n't have any real evidence that the public ` overwhelmingly opposes ' this '' , but what the hell . 
  believe it or not , this is being portrayed in irish media & social media pretty much as u/ekferti84x puts it . 
   as we have already discussed , isds is n't put in by politicians , but by lobbyists and unelected civil service . 
  saying politicians want isds is disingenuous as the eu parliament has currently said they do n't want isds . 
  i 'm afraid that 's complete nonsense . 
  the mandate for negotiating ttip comes from the eu member state governments . 
  i 'm not sure it would even be disingenuous to claim that * all * politicians are in favour of it - it would simply be wrong , but then i 've never claimed such a thing . 
  the idea that it 's put in by lobbyists and civil servants ... i think you need to read the negotiating mandate . 
  i 'll be interested to see whether you can abandon a rhetorically convenient but factually entirely wrong position . 
   while claims that isds is the end of the world are overblown . 
  they clearly have , and are designed to have an effect as to how laws are passed and what kind of laws are passed . 
  and i daresay you can point to several examples of such laws ? 
   the problem with the 90 % private sector consultation is you only get one side of the story . 
  lets say both the chemical industry and farmers want to increase levels of how much herbicides/pesticides can be used . 
  well , no , you get both sides of the story , in amounts roughly proportional to the number of groups , as we 've already established . 
   if you do n't also consult with scientists , ngos and experts as to how that will effect the environment you will never get the full picture , and by the time people realize how this has affected them , the damage is often already done the commission does so , though . 
  the process is almost certainly imperfect , and clearly fails to reflect your preferred balance between private and civil interests , but even a 9:1 ratio is not the same as civil interests not being heard at all . 
  the commission also has its own internal experts and research capability , and the precautionary principle as a general guideline . 
   appeals are an essential part of the rule of law . 
  without it we are essentially living under the whims of panels . 
  i 'm not sure how that follows , unless you basically believe that panels just do whatever the heck they like . 
  were that the case , the process would hardly be something governments are willing to put into trade treaties . 
  very generally , the claims that isds will somehow lead to the downfall of civilisation are obviously silly . 
  we 've had isds for decades , and it has not done so . 
  sure , it could be improved , but there are few things that could n't be .
