  it 's hard to establish what moral costs are , since they 're largely subjective to people 's preferences . 
  it 's not an artificial cost . 
  the political decision did cost somebody - in this case , vattenfall - and the argument is about whether or not voters and their representatives have the moral responsibility for their decisions . 
  i view them as doing so , so that paying compensation for vattenfall 's losses from the political decision is a moral duty - you do n't agree . 
   so should we introduce artificial costs for people deciding to stop the central ( because of it 's benefits to the labour market ) or should we introduce artificial costs for people deciding to build it ( for environmental costs ) . 
  shrug . 
  unfortunately , this is n't relevant , because it 's not the basis on which the decision was made by the politician in question . 
  so much so , in fact , that the eu commission is taking action against germany because the hamburg government had failed to carry out a proper assessment . 
   when it comes to basic human rights , i believe people should not be able to revoke them at all . 
  but ca n't provide any justification for your belief . 
  should we determine rights and their status based on your belief , or mine , once we 're down to unjustified positions ? 
  it 's actually something the commission takes very seriously - that they do n't have a popular mandate themselves , and that they derive their mandate as delegated agents of the member state governments . 
  if they * did * have a popular mandate from the european public , they 'd be able to overrule national governments out of that mandate rather than out of power delegated to them - they would no longer be a referee , but in charge of the game . 
  a eurosceptic should actually be pleased that commissioners are properly aware of this - but everything is just a stick if all you want to do is hit people . 
  while the monarch is legally the person who appoints the government , there 's actually no specified method for the formation of a netherlands government . 
  the process is opaque , and changes each time . 
  i 'm not sure it 's a good position from which to criticise the eu as undemocratic . 
   you 'll find that this practice has little in common with democracy . 
  on the contrary , you 'll find that it 's perfectly standard for democratic governments . 
  governments consist of people picked by a party leader ( or party leaders in a coalition ) , and approved by the parliament . 
  some countries also stipulate that the members of government must be elected representatives , but that 's not required - and in many cases , those `` elected representatives '' are n't directly elected , but the result of a list system . 
   care to give a source on that ? 
  sure - it 's quoted in the case documents : http://www.italaw.com/documents/vattenfall_request_for_arbitration_001.pdf the quote :  `` there are sufficient legal options to stop the power station being built . 
  we will use all means at our disposal if we are in the government after the election . '', 
  they were elected , and stopped it , claiming environmental grounds . 
   effective participation citizens must have adequate and equal opportunities to form their preference and place questions on the public agenda and express reasons for one outcome over the other . 
  voting equality at the decisive stage each citizen must be assured his or her judgments will be counted as equal in weights to the judgments of others . 
  enlightened understanding citizens must enjoy ample and equal opportunities for discovering and affirming what choice would best serve their interests . 
  control of the agenda demos or people must have the opportunity to decide what political matters actually are and what should be brought up for deliberation . 
  inclusiveness equality must extend to all citizens within the state . 
  everyone has legitimate stake within the political process . 
  i 'm not sure why you 've reproduced that chunk of text , since nothing in it prevent the majority voting to take non-voting rights away from a minority . 
   i really fail to see how that 's the case . 
  basic human rights are morally just because they are mutually agreed upon , and because they are necessary for democracy to function . 
  for all other rights , it 's solely up to democracy . 
  some are necessary for democracy to function , but not any relevant ones , while any relevant ones stand on a moral basis . 
  they 're not agreed upon because they 're pink and fluffy , but because they 're morally right - and your claim remains that voting trumps morality , which reduces rights to a consensus of convenience . 
  if we can vote to impose costs on others without any penalty to ourselves , we can clearly vote to take rights away from others ( impose a cost on them ) , or vote to impose our environmental costs on other people , or whatever . 
  you argued that not only should the voters not have to face costs , but that they should n't even be aware of them , because it impacts their voting decisions . 
   i think that 's your quote . 
  it 's a summary of your argument , which was that voters should not face the moral consequences of their decisions when voting , which makes it entirely ok for voters to vote for things that are immoral , and therefore to vote down morally derived rights if they want . 
  whether they choose to do so is not the question - the point is that you 've said it 's ok for them to do so , thereby removing any basis for rights except pure preference . 
  that may not be something you intended as an outcome of the defence you gave for it being ok for voting to impose costs on others without consequence to the voter , but it follows logically from it , i 'm afraid - which is why i ridiculed it . 
  and now it appears to me that you want to keep it , but wave your hands and say `` except that it does n't apply where it 's inconvenient for my argument '' , which is n't on . 
  you need to establish a basis for rights that withstands your own argument , or accept that voters should face the moral costs of their decisions , even though ( really , because ) that changes the decisions they make . 
   there 's no checking what the ulterior motives were , because it 's in the head of the politicians . 
  pfft . 
  this is another howler - you 're claiming that we can never determine motives ... and therefore nobody can ever be convicted of deliberate crimes . 
  as i 'm sure you know , balance of evidence is used to determine motive where there 's no direct evidence . 
  although in the vattenfall case , there 's also direct evidence - the politician who implemented the restrictions specifically stated his intentions as being to prevent the plant going ahead at all . 
   dahl argues that there are several rights necessary for democracies to function , apart from voting power - the right to free speech , assembly , et cetera . 
  and only those rights , because those are `` mechanically '' required in order for democracy to exist . 
  nothing in those precludes the majority voting to legally exclude red-haired people from dentistry , or to vote down any other right that does n't prevent people from voting . 
   rawls `` offers a model of a fair choice situation ( the original position with its veil of ignorance ) within which parties would hypothetically choose mutually acceptable principles of justice . 
  under such constraints , rawls believes that parties would find his favoured principles of justice to be especially attractive , winning out over varied alternatives , including utilitarian and right-libertarian accounts . '', 
  a moral basis , as i said . 
   in essence , people can agree upon basic human rights - which are necessary for a democratic society to function . 
  and , as i said , that argument is based either on morality , or on necessity . 
  neither argument deals with the problem you 've set up by allowing a democratic mandate to trump morality in any of the cases at issue ( removal of voting rights would be different by dahl 's arguments ) . 
   do n't ask me to go into details , it 's been years since i read them . 
  it may be time to update your arguments ... certainly i think it would be wise to give up on using very big statements as a defence , because `` we ca n't determine motives '' and `` voting trumps morality '' , while they defend your views , are such enormous claims that their ramifications are immediately absurd . 
   the community experienced experienced costs ( co2 emissions , hot water in the elbe ) sure , but unfortunately the question was not one of the existence of costs , but as determined by the tribunal , one of * deliberately * choosing restrictions that would make the plant unviable . 
  had the decision * genuinely * been made on environmental costs , it would have gone against vattenfall . 
  instead , environmental costs were the excuse used for a political action which was seen as popular by the politician taking it . 
  if we assume that successful election of a politician standing on a platform of issues is a democratic mandate for every issue in the platform ( we do n't have to ) , the question here is one of moral use of the democratic mandate , not one of environmental costs . 
  ( that the restrictions were changed is also important here - because the previous government , which set the original restrictions , equally had a democratic mandate . ), 
   well , i can - by splitting basic human rights from optional - democratically imposed - rights . 
  so what do i base these human rights on ? 
  it 's a mix of rawls ' a theory of justice and dahl 's on democracy unfortunately , rawls argues for rights from a moral basis , while dahl explicitly accepts that you can only really protect your rights by voting power . 
  so , no , you ca n't . 
  again , you need an alternative basis for rights if you 're going to claim that a democratic mandate trumps consideration of moral outcomes . 
   sure , i could have used more specific words . 
  given that this is an international forum , i would like to stress that english is not everyone 's mother tongue . 
  if english is n't your mother tongue , i commend you on your excellent use of it . 
   well , it 's rather hard to speak about it in abstract terms . 
  after all , vattenfell choses to produce energy , thus creating external costs paid for by the community . 
  should vattenfell pay for its moral choice ? 
  if it does n't , does the government have the right to make vattenfell do so ? 
  if it choses to do so , does it mean the government has to pay for the cost it is imposing on vattenfell ? 
  you see how this becomes a problem . 
  not really , since the case had nothing to do with the costs vattenfall created in producing energy requested by the community . 
  more broadly , power companies do n't force their way into homes and businesses to make them use power that the power company speculatively produces . 
  the whole reason the energy charter exists is because communities require power , and providing for that power is an investment-heavy business . 
   that seems quite relevant to me . 
  i 'd say governments have to abide by certain minimal standards regarding every person ( human rights ) , and are free to create other rights and duties , as long as they 're not in breach of these minimum rights . 
  some of these rights are economic ( food , shelter , health ) ; not all economic rights are absolute ( for example , slavery is forbidden , people have to pay income tax , companies have no right to future profits ) . 
  rights are based on moral imperatives . 
  and if a democratic mandate trumps morality , as you 've argued ( by arguing that voters do n't have to consider or pay the costs morally associated with their choices ) , then a democratic mandate trumps rights , because they 're based on moral imperatives . 
  you ca n't have it both ways , and you 're trying to . 
  given that in your view a democratic mandate allows us to trump moral imperatives , and therefore necessarily the rights based on moral imperatives , what alternative basis for rights would you substitute for moral imperatives that prevents them being trumped by a vote ? 
   sure , policies have costs . 
  but why should we impose potential artificial costs on governments for chosing environmentally friendly policies ? 
   next time , try to understand another 's point of view in stead of assuming he 's barking mad or has n't thought his position through . 
  to be fair , that 's not what you originally said , and i think i can be forgiven for thinking you meant this in a very broad sense , since that 's exactly how it 's phrased :  i 'm sorry , but having to pay for a specific choice ( namely , environmental friendly policy ) changes the willingness of people to make that choice - thus destroying the democratic process . 
  the question of whether isds imposes an ` artificial cost ' on making a choice is arguable - with or without isds there is a cost , but without isds it 's paid by someone else . 
  should the cost of making a decision not fall on those who made it ? 
  does having a democratic mandate mean you have no moral responsibility for the costs of your choices ? 
  if having a democratic mandate absolves you from moral responsibility , presumably anything democratically mandated is ok , whether that 's imposing costs on companies or deciding ginger-haired people ca n't practice dentistry . 
  sure , you can say ( as you did earlier ) that the second of those `` breaches human rights '' , but that does n't seem very relevant - the whole idea of rights is a moral one . 
  or is it that you 're willing to abrogate people 's rights as long as those people are engaged in economic activity ?
