   do n't be so overdramatic . 
  it 's true , the british have made bigger mistakes . 
   so either they are intentionally misleading , or very sloppy . 
  the author is guido fawkes , a prominent british eurosceptic blogger . 
  in at least one other case i can think of ( irish bank debt ) , he promoted a list of names that he deliberately censored to tell a particular story . 
  1 irish punt was $ 1.27 ... 
  it could be asserted that the scottish closeness to europe is part of scottish history - scottish-french alliances against england come particularly to mind . 
  as indeed they do for ireland , where the continent was both a refuge from british domination and a source of aid in rebellions . 
  and not just food security in the direct sense but in the sense of keeping a rural population and infrastructure alive . 
  the evidence would suggest that 's not something the uk particularly values . 
  i dare say that if one combed through the right in general , one would find many examples of politicians who decry housing benefits while profiting from them . 
  it goes with being part of the rentier class . 
  i 'm afraid , though , that it 's a bit too much of a stretch to see this man as an epitome of selflessness and non-prejudice either . 
  it 'll be an interesting story to watch overall . 
  it 's unlikely that the eurosceptics will achieve anything in the parliament - there are n't enough of them , they do n't work together , and they do n't really care - but that 's unlikely to play badly with their core support . 
  in the uk , the writing has been on the wall since the previous election returned a coalition government for the first time in decades . 
  maybe ... but i suspect that the main effect these parties will have on the eu is through their effects on their national governments . 
  i 'd have said it was more `` talk the talk '' over the years . 
  sure , and the shift in ireland is actually pretty big too - but these are fundamentally national changes which reflect the way different countries have dealt with the crisis , rather than the original media narrative of an earthquake for the eu . 
  there 's a strong argument that the current stance of the tories is based on being pushed along by ukip , though . 
  so overall a eurosceptic strength of 119/751 ( or 113/751 not counting syriza ) ? 
  that 's 15-16 % , which is n't exactly dramatic - particularly considering that many of these parties will find it really difficult to work together , because a major part of their political appeal is nationalist . 
  ireland 's sinn fein are also gue . 
  i do n't think you can really say gue are opposed to the eu , they 're more opposed to its capture/domination by the right or neo-liberals . 
  the dublin sf mep ( lyn boylan ) was asked if she was `` going to europe as a eurosceptic '' and answered `` no '' . 
  i 'd call sinn fein `` eurocritical '' , but i do n't think there 's really such a thing as a `` eurocritical '' party as such - it 's more of a tactical stance dictated by position . 
  all parties that are n't in government tend to be critical of the policies adopted by the eu , because the policies adopted by the eu are basically those of the member state governments . 
  opposition parties therefore tend to be more or less vocally critical depending on their likelihood of entering a national government . 
  sinn fein 's stance on the eu has become much less vocally critical in recent years as their chance of entering a coalition government increases . 
  i suspect the above might well apply to other `` eurocritical '' parties around europe . 
  it would differentiate them from `` eurosceptical '' parties which have opposition to the eu as a core policy plank . 
  evidence ignored in pursuit of political agenda ... yeah , that 's a first . 
  surely it ought to be one of the advantages of technocracy that it can be constrained by a requirement for independent evidence ... ? 
  they do n't have infinite budget to advertise with . 
  nor does the parliament or any other interested body . 
  it 's sad , but i really love pr-stv . 
  the fact that someone can top the poll on first preferences , but come third by the time everything 's been counted and transferred , i think is pretty marvellous , because it really reflects the fact that while a candidate can have a single solid block of support , they wo n't get in if everyone else really dislikes them . 
  it produces a spectacle every bit as good as a steeplechase , but much * much * longer . 
  `` oblast irland '' - * really ? 
  * the republic as a `` region '' of the `` island of ireland '' ? 
  kind of offensive . 
  the biggest difference was the legal form , but the dutch negotiated certain things into lisbon that were n't in the constitution . 
  see : http://clingendael.info/cesp/publications/?id=6936, 
  ... and passed the comstitution ? 
  no , they passed a different treaty . 
  and in at least the case of france , sarkozy explicitly made passing it part of his election campaign . 
  he does n't accept the result . 
  and what one personally does n't accept is clearly undemocratic , right ? 
   it always amazes me how according to the eurobarometer the general public is very pro eu , yet during elections most people ca n't even be bothered to show up to vote . 
  that 's actually completely sensible , though . 
  the eu only decides on a subset of issues , most of them not terribly important to the average voter . 
   pps eurobarometer sucks for changing their questions constantly to prevent longterm statistics so true . 
  incredibly annoying . 
   that is an improvement , true , but if parliament is too weak then it ca n't oppose and scrutinise the executive properly . 
  the parliament 's not weak in that sense , though . 
  the only thing it does n't have is legislative initiative , and that 's because the member states have n't set out to create an eu that 's independent of them . 
  currently : 1 . the european council ( heads of member states ) set the legislative agenda 2 . the commission produce the legislative proposals to meet that agenda 3 . the council of ministers and the parliament both amend and vote on those proposals , either cooperatively or contentiously . 
  legislative initiative in the sense of actually setting the eu 's agenda lies with the member states , and the commission acts as a filter on that agenda , checking that legislative proposals are legal , proportionate , and necessary . 
  the council and the parliament can also request that the commission produce a legislative proposal . 
  in ireland , we have a written constitution , and the government 's legislation is all checked with the attorney general 's office to ensure it 's legal . 
  it does n't have to be proportionate or worry about subsidiarity , it just needs not to contradict a relatively short and not very prescriptive constitution . 
  the eu , on the other hand , is governed by extremely complex treaties and a whole mass of legal precedent . 
  the areas it can actually legislate in , the basis on which it can legislate within those areas , and the questions of whether european legislation on a subject is necessary , proportional , and follows the rules on subsidiarity , are all vastly more important than at a national level . 
  if the parliament had the right of initiative , it would still require a body like the commission to check all those things . 
  a bunch of meps * could * get up and make a legislative proposal on , for example , the legality of abortion in the eu - but the eu has no competence in that question , and can not make a ruling on it that 's binding . 
  if parliament actually had the right of legislative initiative , such legislation would arise , and it would have to be struck off somewhere in the process . 
  national parliaments have , essentially , the right to legislate on anything they like . 
  the eu parliament does n't . 
  that right , broadly speaking , belongs with the member states - the eu is a framework for cooperation between them , not an independent power . 
  that does n't make the parliament powerless or irrelevant - on the contrary , it 's the main way in which european citizens can oppose or amend what their governments have collectively decided to do at a european level . 
  in some countries , it 's pretty much the only way , because some countries lack good mechanisms for controlling their government 's actions in europe . 
   yet , south ireland has no culture nor language different to england . 
  english-born half-irish brought up in london and now several decades in ireland - the cultural differences are * very * large . 
  they 're concealed by the use of english and the fondness of the irish for uk imports , but the irish are nothing like the english , and the english person who acts as if they are will be repeatedly baffled by the irish until he either learns better or concludes that the irish are mad . 
  i would n't disagree that it 's complex - in fact , that 's my main point . 
  it mostly gets represented by a single average figure , though , and i think that 's not useful at all . 
  personally , i 'd expect ep turnout to wind up , in most countries ( bar those with compulsory voting ) , at around 50 % - and i think that 's a reasonable reflection of the importance of the issues the ep deals with . 
  the ep * is n't * as important as national parliaments , because national parliaments deal with a far wider , and far more important , set of issues . 
  the ep deals with what the eu deals with , and contrary to the rhetorical claim that `` 75 % of national laws comes from the eu '' , the eu only really produces some 10-25 % of national laws , mostly dealing with matters of trade and market regulation . 
  those are somewhat recondite issues which do n't impact largely on the lives of eu citizens . 
  except that most of those things are n't true . 
  there is n't a lot of obstructionism , absenteeism , or over-representation of extremists . 
  and the `` turnout is falling '' thing is really irritating , particularly when they try to tie it to trust levels . 
  the main reason the * overall * average is falling is because the accession countries came in with very low turnouts . 
  for the `` old '' eu countries , the low point was the 1999 elections , and turnouts have risen since then . 
  european parliament election turnout is often described by a single percentage , which creates the impression of falling turnout across the eu . 
  in fact , the overall turnout is generally stable , with most of the apparent fall the result of accession by countries with low turnouts . 
  this infographic shows the rise or fall in % turnout between the 2004 and 2009 elections . 
  where nothing is shown , turnout was stable . 
  i entirely agree , and so does the eu parliament , apparently . 
  but i 'm afraid the french wo n't give up strasbourg , and they are supported by other countries - particularly luxembourg - who might lose out in any reshuffle of the institutions . 
   eu spends less than a billion on esa . 
  the whole mechanics of the eu is highly bureaucratic and not cost effective . 
  the eu spends only 6 % of its budget on administration ( half of that on salaries ) , which probably makes it amongst the most efficient in the world . 
  the eu ca n't give anyone a referendum on anything - that 's up to national governments and/or national constitutions . 
   while national industries are interested into eu law-making , since they can increase sales in other member states , the other branch of lobbying , unions , are simply not interested in brussels . 
  the trade unions have umbrella lobby groups in brussels just as industries and ngos do . 
  could also compare eu intcen and , say , the cia or nsa , although that comparison is going to be even sillier , since intcen has 70 staff and no separate budget . 
  you ca n't really go from `` federalized state '' to `` empire '' in your question as if the latter somehow followed on from the former . 
  if a federalised eu state is ever created , it will be created from the bottom up , just as the eu has been all along .
