   what have you included in the recommendation concerning cyprus ? 
   once the united kingdom leaves the european union , an arrangement must be found to protect the rights and interests of the persons living in the two ` sovereign base areas ' ( ` sbas ' ) of akrotiri and dhekelia in cyprus , as well as ensuring the proper circulation of goods . 
  the ` sovereign base areas ' are british overseas territories established in 1960 . 
  the union should recognise the bilateral agreements and arrangements entered into by the republic of cyprus and the united kingdom to the extent that they are compatible with union law . 
  i had n't even thought of cyprus ( apologies ) !, 
  that 's not the commission handing back border control , though , just to be clear - that 's the member states taking back some control . 
  or , in terms of my analogy , that 's your employer deciding that due to some extraordinary circumstances , they 'll take some of your job into their own hands . 
   they better be safe and use the time to reform this and simply give back the border control handling to the member-states . 
  this is n't how that works . 
  the member states agreed schengen in order to have no borders between them . 
  if they want to go back to having borders , they dissolve schengen . 
  while schengen exists in its current form , the eu is responsible for running it , having been tasked to do so by the member states . 
  they ca n't `` give back border control handling '' any more than you can `` give back '' to your employer some of your agreed job tasks , and for the same reason . 
   it 's more likely to cause harm than good and stir up tensions in ni which nobody needs , i 'd say the opposite . 
  the unionists voted for brexit , and they 're getting brexit - this makes no difference to them one way or the other , it 's a statement by a bloc they 're leaving . 
  the nationalists voted remain , and they 're getting something which basically says that * if * they continue working peacefully and politically towards a united ireland , the eu wo n't see brexit as an obstacle should they achieve it . 
  kinda impressed , really - it 's a very good way of keeping the nationalists from returning to violence . 
  it 's up to the uk government to do the same with the loyalists . 
   mep 's do n't have power to propose , change or repeal laws . 
  this is not actually true . 
  the only power they lack is that of initiating legislation - they can change , amend , and veto proposed laws , and they can also request * that the commission initiate legislation . 
  the parliament is not just a discussion chamber , as many people still seem to think . 
  and perhaps that goes some way to explaining why it 's seen as ok for some meps to do little or no legislative work , if people do n't think the parliament does that . 
  that 's what people are griping about with respect to meps like farage . 
  the parliament is an elected chamber , and it has legislative powers , but farage et al only use the parliament to complain about policy and regulations and lack of democracy , rather than actually using the powers they have ( as democratically elected meps ) to change any of those things . 
  * `` demand '' would be a better word , since if the commission does n't , it has to justify itself to the parliament , and can face having its own legislative agenda disrupted by the parliament if it annoys them . 
  while the headline suggests this is an eu demand , the article says it 's a uk suggestion ... ? 
  i think you have wandered on past analogy . 
  people have suggested that the level of private debt in eu countries is related to their balance of trade , particularly for germany . 
  this graph shows 2011 private debt levels ( % of gdp ) against 2011 trade balances , and there 's no correlation : http://i44.tinypic.com/2usc0sp.gif and , following the comments below , cumulative trade balance 2001-2011 as a % of gdp against debt as a % of gdp : http://i42.tinypic.com/9s5jmg.gif still nothing , but all suggestions welcome - although the figures are eurostat , and as available to you as they are to me !, 
  as you may or may not know , in ireland it 's illegal to sell alcohol on good friday . 
  the uk restricts alcohol sales to sunday hours . 
  does any other european country restrict alcohol sales today ? 
  or any other weird good friday customs ? 
  oh , somebody made a map : https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10152325600947324&amp;set=p.10152325600947324&amp;type=1&amp;theater, 
  transcript of president jean-claude juncker 's press conference on greece below are the remarks which president juncker made in english . 
  his also made remarks in french and german . 
  you can read the entire speech in the original languages [ here ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_speech-15-5274_en.htm ) . 
  the translations will be released later . 
  ... remarks in french . . ... [ 3 . what we did ] what is at stake here is the essential spirit of european shared solidarity and responsibility . 
  other european countries went through very difficult times - ireland , portugal , spain , cyprus and latvia - to name only these few countries . 
  all governments took very difficult decisions ; some of them paid a very high political price for their solidarity and their financial support to help the most vulnerable countries . 
  this is what the order of priorities should be : responsibility before individual biographies , countries before parties . 
  as a former president of the eurogroup i have seen first-hand how difficult it has been for these countries to work through the crisis and the social hardship that came with it . 
  but political leaders in those countries showed responsibility and made the necessary decisions which are now obviously paying off . 
  you know well that the greek people are very close to my heart . 
  this is not paying lip service . 
  i tried again and again and i showed it in recent years that i am on the side of the greek people and that i place my trust in them too . 
  i know the hardship they have been through and i have always said that we have to pay more attention to the social fairness of our programmes . 
  over the last five months i have been personally involved in the entire process of negotiations - sometimes day , sometimes night . 
  for me greece 's exit of the eurozone has never been and will never be an option . 
  but i always told my greek friends that by saying that grexit is not an option , they should n't believe that at the very end of the process i will be able to present against others a final answer and a final solution to be given to what i have to describe as a primarily greek problem . 
  i have explored all the possibilities to accommodate the greek concerns and to make a deal with the greek authorities - in the interest , first and above all of the greek people - while creating , and this is important , at the same time the right conditions for an unanimous agreement with all the other 18 democracies that are lending billions of their taxpayers ' money to greece . 
  on our side these negotiations have always been in a true european spirit & ndash ; based on rules , based on mutual trust . 
  there has never been an `` ultimatum or take-it-or-leave-it-approach '' . 
  our sole concern has always been and still is to help make a fair and balanced deal . 
  i have done everything that can be done to facilitate an agreement & ndash ; on process as on substance . 
  on process : we have adjusted our working methods to the wishes of the greek government : this should not be forgotten this was not an easy thing to be done . 
  no talks happened in athens , the brussels group was created instead of the troika , we offered continuity in the talks in the face of constantly changing greek interlocutors and negotiating teams . 
  i worked together with jeroen dijsselbloem for talks on a more political level as was the wish of the greek authorities . 
  this was not left to anonymous technocrats . 
  we had again and again talks at the highest political level between myself , i have been elected by the european parliament after the result of the european elections campaign and mr. dijsselbloem , who is an elected member , who is the chief of the eurogroup , we brought all the debates to the political level , not leaving this , as i said , to anonymous technocrats . 
  but this was a highly political debate as it had never been before . 
  my team and i myself have never been short of determination or patience waiting for the greek proposals which often were delayed or deliberately altered . 
  this also shows our flexibility and our will to reach a compromise also in regard of content . 
  it was about procedures and it was and is about content . 
  on content : we went very far to achieve socially fair measures that at the same time can support growth and the necessary fiscal consolidation , and which take account of the requests of the greek government . 
  this is certainly a demanding and comprehensive package , but it is a fair one . 
  and i must stress that it has been developed through months and months , days and days of discussions and debates . 
  let me clarify a few things : there are no wage cuts in this package . 
  and nobody is allow to give the impression that there are wage cuts in this package . 
  there are no pension cuts in this package . 
  no pension cuts in this package . 
  in fact , it 's a package which creates more social fairness , more growth and a more modern and transparent public administration . 
  you should be aware that in many instances , we in the european commission , had to be the ones insisting on the most socially fair measures . 
  i would have expected the greek government to push this agenda in line with its campaign manifesto . 
  let me illustrate this . 
  this is not a stupid austerity package . 
  some of the measures of course will hurt in the near term . 
  but the package goes well beyond fiscal measures and proposes a clear way forward . 
  moreover , this package lowers the fiscal targets and gives more time to the greek government to achieve them . 
  compared to the previous deal , the one we had , it is more than 12 billion eur less savings that are requested from greece in the coming years . 
  and in fact the greek government has already agreed to this and welcomed it . 
  although we had to discuss in a very intense manner amongst institutions as you know . 
  by the way , fiscal consolidation does not mean austerity : it means keeping public finances in control while boosting opportunities for jobs and growth . 
  many member states have even higher fiscal targets despite having lower levels of debt . 
  there are , as i said , no wage cuts in this package.this was never , never ever on the table . 
  what is on the table is a proposal tomodernise the wage grid of the public sector . 
  and , for the private sector , we have agreed to review collective bargaining practices . 
  our only request has been that this should be done in line with the best european practices in cooperation with the institutions and ilo which are the specialists when it comes to this question . 
  there are no cuts in the level of pensions in this package . 
  even the greek government agrees that the greek pension system urgently needs further reform to be sustainable . 
  it should be fairer so that everyone contributes to the welfare system according to their means . 
  there is a menu of measures to achieve that , starting with removing incentives for early retirement . 
  the government could also substitute measures with alternatives ones as long as the numbers add up . 
  i am repeating this sentence : the government could also substitute measures with alternatives ones as long as the numbers add up . 
  the package of the three institutions and president of the eg means more social fairness : by targeting support to the most vulnerable , for instance through a guaranteed minimum income scheme . 
  by making sure that the efforts required from everyone are proportionate to their income , by targeting cuts in areas which do not affect the average wallets of the average citizens , such as through defense cuts we were asking for cuts in the defence budget and i think we are totally right . 
  more social fairness by challenging vested interests , such as removing favorable tax treatments for ship-owners . 
  it took some time if not hours to convince the greek government - i had to do the job of the greek government to impose a less-favorable tax treatment for ship owners , although this is common sense and in line with tax justice .
