  that 's not the issue , though . 
  even a totally neutral judge in a national court can do nothing if what the government does is unfair , arbitrary , but * legal * . 
  in the analogy ( it 's more of an example , since it 's basically the vattenfall case ) , the government is n't in any way acting outside its powers - it * has * the power to change permit conditions , there 's nothing a judge can do about it . 
  that 's why isds panels are outside the national systems . 
  they 're not courts , though . 
  they ca n't change legislation , or reverse any decisions made by governments - they can only determine whether compensation is due , and how much . 
  they ca n't even enforce that decision . 
  they 're just arbitration to resolve what are essentially contract disputes . 
   why ca n't we use normal courts and let this play out in the open , for all to see whats going on ? 
  isds panels are normal , though , as is the use of external courts . 
  most arbitration is done under uncitral or one of the two other big arbitration systems , and the cases are available . 
  more generally , when a government issues debt ( aka government bonds ) it 's very common for those bonds to be issued under a widely recognised external legal system - for example , according to london rules , or frankfurt , or those of some other jurisdiction which has a reputation for not meddling with the rules to favour governments . 
  any dispute over , say , irish government bonds , is likely to be heard in london , not dublin . 
  when you have dealings with a national government in which you can lose money because the government has decided to change the rules , recourse to arbitration outside that nation 's courts is important . 
   could n't we make those isds-proceedings part of our court system ? 
  you could , and it might be possible for some particular nation to establish a reputation for not meddling with the arbitration rules and become the go-to place for it . 
  but in general , the problem is going to be that any such courts would of course have to be established by legislation , which means by the national government . 
  that , in turn , means they could change them to favour themselves . 
  it 's like playing football against a team which employs the referees and writes the rules of the game - which they can change mid-match if they want to . 
  no matter how upright the referees might be , they can only apply the rules . 
  what would you say your chances of winning the game are ? 
  would you agree to play ? 
   what suggests it 's a ` political video ' , it 's literally about discussions on irish culture and music , apparently that counts as ` political ' . 
  shrug - you 're making political use of it . 
   your use of language is ironic given you 're trying to teach a lesson about the use of language . 
  ` calm the cacks there lad ' is n't vile language , quite a common phrase in ireland apparently ( maybe you have n't heard of it as it 's known amongst the younger people ) . 
  it 's also patronising . 
  it 's ok between friends , but if you used it to someone who was arguing with you in the street , you 'd likely get a thump . 
  ` calm the cacks ' is n't `` alright , let 's make this discussion less heated '' - it 's `` you 're the one being hysterical '' . 
  and `` lad '' is automatically patronising to someone you do n't know . 
  you might see it as a polite , even friendly , request for a calmer discussion , but it 's actually just insulting given the circumstances . 
   they strongly believe in their own fisheries system norway also has to trade access to its fishing waters , though . 
   which is much more sustainable than the current eu system that applies to all eu countries with no opt out . 
  the cfp is pretty bad , but i doubt that national opt-outs would result in countries managing their fisheries sustainably . 
  most of the reason the cfp is bad is national politicians arguing for higher than sustainable quotas . 
  no , no - was nearly assassinated in an air plane crash ... 
   did you watch the video ? 
  nope . 
  i never watch political videos , because they 're * always * propaganda . 
   alright , calm the cacks there lad you 're going to have to work on your language if you do n't want to come over as a god-awful tit like that . 
  i 'm probably at least a couple of decades older than you , and so far you 've been * way * more hysterical than i have . 
  only be patronising when you 're not the one being a tit - and ideally not even then . 
   okay , but would n't that then be just a standard clause all investors would demand ? 
  i mean why would n't they add to every contract : `` oh , by the way you gave this deal to encourage us and we would not invest without that deal . '', 
  the problem is that simply writing that in a contract does n't work against a government , because the government has the power to make their own decisions legal over and above what 's written in any contract . 
  so , say the irish government asks you to build a wind power plant in donegal . 
  they offer you subsidies that makes the work profitable , and carry out the necessary environmental impact assessments , give you a site permit and the work permits needed for you to bring in your specialist team . 
  they assure you that the conditions will not change over the 3-4 years it 's going to take to finish the work . 
  on that basis you start work - carry out any ground studies , site clearance , start building access roads , arranging accommodation , flights etc for your team , arrange contracts with local companies for everything you need , comply with all the conditions of the site permit and other licences . 
  that takes maybe a year , and costs you maybe $ 10m . 
  during that time , a local independent politician has been building his support base by opposing wind farms on the basis that the flickering drives people mad , and so on - good solid non-scientific stuff . 
  a year or so in , it turns out the government needs the support of this politician to survive a crucial vote . 
  the deal that 's brokered in return for his support involves them committing to stopping your project going ahead , and the government duly does so . 
  now , they have a variety of options for doing this . 
  they can suddenly change the site permit requirements so that you 're no longer compliant , or have to do so much to comply with the new requirements that the project is n't viable any more . 
  they could refuse to renew the work permits your specialist people need . 
  they could withdraw the subsidies . 
  and so on . 
  the important point is that all of these are things the government are legally entitled to do . 
  if you take a case in an irish court , the irish court will only be able to say regretfully `` yes , that 's terrible , but it 's the government that sets the rules , so tough cheese '' . 
  so there you are , $ 10m and a year of work down , and no recourse in the irish courts because the government did what what it was legal for the government to do . 
  that 's where isds comes in , because an isds arbitration can decide that even though what the government did was legal , it was also arbitrary ( that is , not dictated by the needs of public policy ) and unfair . 
  you ca n't use isds to force the government to go ahead with the project , but you can perhaps get back the money and win some compensation for the time and effort you put in . 
   sorry if i seem ignorant , but that 's because i am . 
  i admit i have no clue what ceta really means . 
  that makes it really hard to support . 
  and my default stance is ` skeptic ' . 
  completely reasonable . 
  it 's up to the people who made the deal to sell it to people , not demand their acceptance of it . 
   i 'm waiting for you to call people whom are emotionally anti-israeli ` hateful bigots ' , yet i doubt that would happen . 
  i would say i 've already said it , but if you want some kind of more formal denunciation , sure - a lot of people who are anti-israel * are * bigots , and there 's a good number of anti-israeli people who pretend they 're `` critical '' of `` israel 's actions '' but are clearly just anti-semites and jewish-conspiracy nutters . 
  and that 's the case in ireland as it is elsewhere . 
  however , the charge of anti-semitism , or even anti-zionism , does n't cover everyone who criticises israel , any more than the charge of bigotry or blind nationalism covers everyone who supports it . 
  israel has a huge amount of positives - it 's dynamic , innovative , much less internally repressive than its neighbours - and its internal politics are as complex as any other country . 
  it also has some rather sharp negatives , as , again , countries do . 
   given your response hours , doubt you live in ireland . 
  you do love to make assumptions . 
  i 'm a night owl , that 's all - and being self-employed , do n't need to keep anyone else 's hours . 
   however it 's not under ceta no , but it is isds , under the existing uk-romania free trade agreement . 
  the isds mechanism in ceta is supposed to be more state-friendly than any previous isds , and no isds mechanism covers investments already made before the deal , so  and considering romania acted to protect their environment and historic heritage they may win the suit . 
  being a balkan country i can assure you that almost certainly there was a bribe being taken for allowing mining in the first place . 
  all of that could help romania win the case . 
  if the romanian government can show that decision to give the mining company the go-ahead and any deals was through bribery , or that the decision to stop the mine was undertaken on good policy grounds , then they will indeed win the case . 
  if they bent their environmental impact rules to allow it , then , again , reversing the decision is better practice . 
  however , if there was no demonstrable bribery , it 's not as if the government could really claim that it did n't know mining companies make a mess or that the area was n't environmentally important . 
   under ceta they would be enticed to just make such investments because they can always get their money back . 
  no - to get money back , you 'd need to show that the government gave you a deal to encourage you to invest , that you would n't have invested without that deal , and that the government then blocking the investment or removing the agreed deal was arbitrary . 
  isds is written into trade deals by governments - they 're not writing a blank cheque . 
   wow , the secret courts part sounds insane . 
  i know romania has problems with some canadian mining company . 
  so under the ceta they could get sued in a secret court and have to pay up . 
  they 're already being sued - they could n't be sued under ceta because ceta was n't in force at the time of the investment . 
  as to what happened - the company was given permission and various deals by the romanian government to start mining , and invested money on that basis . 
  the romanian government then changed its mind and barred the mining . 
  now , i 'm very happy to see the mining stopped , but the romanian government should never have given permission and encouragement to the mine in the first place - and if they had not , there would be no isds case . 
  romania is not being sued for not allowing the mining , it is being sued for encouraging someone to invest money in mining and then changing its mind only once they 'd put money in . 
  that 's how most isds cases arise . 
  the case against romania will be successful only ( and it 's not settled yet ) if the romanian government is shown to have acted the dick . 
   i 'm genuinely interested , what exactly makes you think that ? 
  do you actually believe that defending the actions of the state of israel makes one a ` fanatical bigot ' ?
