  unfortunately , many activists conflate popular dislike with science . 
  fracking is a good example - long before there was any scientific evidence of harm , activists were convinced harm was being done . 
  similarly , despite a complete absence of scientific evidence of harm , other activists were convinced that wind farms were harmful . 
  one can argue that fracking activists were correct , but on the other hand their case was no stronger than the case made by the anti-wind farm activists , who were n't . 
  if you make public policy on the basis of mere public dislike rather than science , it does n't seem unreasonable to me that those affected by it are compensated . 
  when , on the other hand , there is adequate scientific evidence to show that companies ' products or activities do harm , there is no reason to compensate them . 
  and that distinction is maintained in isds . 
   that is being explicitly allowed by the eu and it would n't be possible from the outside . 
  vat and corporation tax within the eu are a `` thing '' i do n't think one can claim that this is `` being explicitly allowed by the eu '' at all . 
  corporation tax is n't an eu competence - only vat . 
  the eu does n't have the power to deal directly with corporate tax rates or their levying , which is why it has approached this case from a competition and state aid perspective as a distortion of the single market . 
  even at that , there are quite strident voices ( and not just apple and the irish government ) claiming that the commission has overstepped its competence by doing so . 
  it 's not a case of the eu allowing this , let alone explicitly doing so - unless you mean that the treaties do so by leaving corporation tax in the hands of the member states , and by doing so permits this form of tax competition . 
  true - mine was a somewhat cheap shot . 
  i 've had a lot of dealings with politicians , and by and large they 're decent people trying hard to do what 's best . 
  however , my experience as a scientist and now in it is that in technical fields politicians are often sufficiently far out of their depth that the net result is rather along the lines of my cheap shot . 
  while in one sense it 's impressive that legislators with commonly non-technical backgrounds in the humanities manage to legislate on technical issues in a fundamentally competent way , they do lack a real feeling for why the issues are important , and that can and does lead to ideology or electoral popularity trumping solid scientific/technical advice . 
   has it , though ? 
  we 've had a number of stories coming out about various new investments in the uk ... 
  there 's a huge amount of new investment in the uk every year , though , so there will always be ` new investments ' even though the rate of new investment has fallen , and even if the net investment is negative . 
  with media , it 's always worth looking at what they 're emphasising . 
  since we 're going with football analogies itt , it 's the difference between a team saying `` we 're top of the league and have the greatest total goal difference this year '' as against a team saying `` we had a really good win against sunderland '' . 
  the first team is doing well - they do n't have to bother emphasising individual matches . 
  the second team is doing badly , so they want to talk about the couple of bright spots . 
  similarly , in a good investment quarter , people will emphasise the overall figures - `` net investment in the uk was # 28 billion !! '' . 
  in an investment downturn , the positive emphasis will be on specific new investments , because the overall figures are negative . 
  so you can easily have a negative overall investment situation and still have individual sizeable investments . 
  and you 'll actually hear * more * about the latter when overall investment is down . 
   people getting paid to deal with this complicated stuff being voted in every 4/5/6 years to . 
  its not ideal , but a heck lot better than direct democracy . 
  funnily enough , one of the main ways in which it 's not ideal is that a large part of politicians ' jobs is basically saying `` hey i do n't know anything about engineering nor want to learn , but here 's what you should do '' . 
  it 's far more efficient for every and any company to find something to spend money on rather than pay taxes . 
   the problem is that apple makes so much money it has difficulty finding a large enough purchase to soak up the money . 
  which leads to market distortions - hence the commission 's involvement . 
   if they had of thought of it back in 2008 we might have jumped at the chance and we would all be happy little applelanders now . 
  hmm . 
  3 years of steve jobs as president . 
  tempting , tempting ... 
   ireland let apple pay no taxes on non irish profits because apple has a hq incorporated in california , which is where the decisions are taken and much of the value is created . 
  and that 's where apple should , ( and probably soon will ) finally pay its backdated corporation tax on its non irish , non us profits . 
  it 's rather more complicated than that , although essentially similar - the profits are n't , after all , routed to the us , but to an irish-incorporated but non-resident company . 
  that puts them in the limbo between ireland applying a residence test for taxability , and the us applying an incorporation test . 
  the official line in ireland is indeed that apple 's taxes are really due in the us , and i think everyone agrees that that 's proper - and had apple paid us taxes on those profits in the last thirty years it would be reasonable as well , but they have n't , and it is n't . 
  the commission is not , as far as i can see , concerned with who taxes apple in the end , as long as apple is taxed . 
  and that 's reasonable as well , because the commission 's concern is distortion of the single market . 
  has been , for all practical purposes . 
  it still would n't do greece any good , though . 
   it also has to be noted that the treaty of lisbon was rejected in some cases . 
     even if it would be the best treaty ever conveived by human kind , you have to ask the electorate or its legitimacy will always be questionalble . 
  speaking as a member of the electorate that * was * asked about lisbon , and answered no then yes , the number of voters who rejected lisbon on the basis of the treaty itself was n't ever a majority really . 
  the first vote was mostly the standard ` kick the government ' , made worse by the way the government handled the yes campaign and handled the issues raised by the no campaign . 
  the result was really a ( perfectly reasonable ) vote of no confidence in our government 's handling of lisbon rather than lisbon itself , which most voters never read or analysed . 
  would love a `` public transport guide '' to european national parks !, 
   additionally the council of ministers was misused the impose legislation which would n't have been possible to pass on a national level and this without any parliamentary control . 
  there is no division between supranational legislative and national executive . 
  that 's a genuine problem , but is a question of national parliaments imposing control over their national governments . 
  it has a big impact on the eu , but is n't anything to do with the eu itself . 
  the brexit supreme court case on theresa may 's view that she can implement article 50 by royal prerogative shows the problem clearly . 
  the royal prerogative is a piece of constitutional machinery that allows the executive ( the government ) a free hand in foreign relations - and her view is that she can therefore use it in eu matters because those are ` foreign affairs ' . 
  the eu , though , is not just some foreign body to which the uk is loosely attached by treaty - it is effectively part of the * domestic * constitutional machinery of the uk . 
  but the uk government believe that they 're not responsible to parliament * in any way at all * in eu matters . 
  the democratic deficit there , though , is at the national level . 
  national parliaments have failed to implement controls over their executives appropriate to the domestic role of the eu . 
   the uk government can neither make it happen nor stop if from happening . 
  this is simply something for the eu to decide among its various institutions . 
  best of luck making that decision . 
  that is true of most of whatever might go into a post-brexit deal , though . 
  at one level , that makes sense , of course . 
  just not at a level where the british government does things for its citizens . 
  hmm . 
  why ? 
  because there is n't `` an eu '' in the sense of a monolith . 
  this is something parliament might want in the deal - in that sense they would n't be negotiating so much with the uk as with the member states and the commission . 
  different mandates and different priorities - the parliament is citizen-focused , so it makes sense for this to be something they might put in . 
  worth bearing in mind as a general point with respect to the whole process . 
  that underestimates the power of the eu parliament in brexit . 
  as the same author pointed out in a prior article :  it 's the european institution euroskeptics love to hate , a symbol , in their view , of everything that 's wrong with the eu : distant , a waste of money and grandiose . 
  but like it or not , the european parliament will play a central role in determining the u.k 's post-brexit relationship with the eu . 
  the parliament has a veto on both the brexit deal and any post-brexit trade deal . 
  * if * they state it as one of their conditions for passing those deals , then it 's likely to be part of the deal . 
  yeah , enda has mad photoshop skillz . 
   in fact it 's so poor that i have to doubt the premise of this whole thread the premise of the thread stands separately from this particular image , i 'd say . 
  and have you become a dictatorship with no free press ? 
  exactly . 
  bit of a jury call , i would have said - is the modification of the image such as to create a different impression from the original ? 
  if so , it can hardly be considered as a representation of the original event . 
  not sure what they wanted to achieve with this one , but there have been other more serious photoshops recently . 
  there are obviously going to be photoshops where there 's a sensible technical reason - making text clearer , for example . 
  i ca n't help but think that photoshopping news pictures should be illegal . 
  it 's relatively provable , and obviously done to mislead . 
   there are local news organisations , but they tend to focus more on things like gaa results and ads for window cleaning . 
  which suggests that endemic local poverty is a huge concern for their readers ... ? 
   you have no monetary policy to deal with asymmetric shocks . 
  that 's true , but first , it begs the question of whether national monetary policy is good at dealing with asymmetric shocks , and second , it assumes that asymmetry is an enduring feature within a monetary union . 
   sometimes allowing your currency falling down naturally is also good . 
  polish z\u0142oty fell like 50 % in 2009 and it helped the economy immensely . 
  i think it can be helpful for relatively closed but industrialised large economies , which would be the case for poland . 
  it 's much less valuable for more open or smaller ones . 
  there 's also quite a bit more to poland 's success at avoiding recession . 
   yes and because we are growing our economies are perfect i would n't claim that , of course .
