  you do n't even need to push all the media , because , as you say , fear and excitement sells newspapers - the other media will follow your lead because otherwise they 're going to look drab and like they 're `` suppressing the truth '' . 
  at best they write counter-articles , but that 's still within the same dialogue frame - they 're discussing whether things are `` as bad '' . 
  eh , it made me laugh . 
  the decision was obviously a uk one , of course , but there is n't really any such thing as an uk-only issue . 
  if the positions were reversed , and it were ireland leaving the eu while the uk stayed in , the border would still be an issue . 
  `` averaged '' is a better word . 
  likely because there 's much more variation in hair shape and mass in the original photos , which would result in more blur and a fainter image for it . 
   no but it was example he used so , yeah . 
  yeah , it was n't a great example . 
  i think member states falling away from democracy is a pretty serious issue - if the eu member states are n't democratic , what * is * the eu ? 
  chechnya is n't an eu member state , though . 
   if the choice is between compromise and mutually assured destruction there is n't really a choice . 
  you mean there 's a good choice and a bad choice . 
  unfortunately , that 's really not the same thing as no choice , because people regularly choose the bad choice for what seem to them to be good reasons . 
  unity requires trust , trust is hard work , and many people just are n't very good at it . 
  they can just about cope with trusting their immediate in-group , but that 's it - their relations with others are characterised by distrust , competition , and seeking advantage . 
  yep . 
  i disagree with most of the irish public on the subject . 
  my point is that you 'd be surprised how little `` what you want your country to be seen as '' is dictated by reality . 
  a lot of irish people reject the label - some would be surprised even to hear it . 
  we did a combination of that and ` buying ' their shares . 
  those bits of the banking sector that are still viable probably will yield a net profit . 
  unfortunately , for reasons that remain rather opaque , the government included in the bailout the single most explosively over-leveraged bank in the country . 
  it had to be wound up , and will probably yield a hefty net loss . 
  they make one hell of a * mess * . 
  of course not - what are we , primitives ? 
  we use the legendary iron foot of brian boru . 
  uh-huh . 
  ccctb was first proposed nearly 20 years ago , and nobody has yet even proposed a common tax rate . 
  we can debate it at the old folks ' home if neither of us have died first . 
   there 's going to be a concerted effort to introduce consolidated cross-border tax rates . 
  there is no such proposal . 
  there is a proposal to introduce a consolidated tax * base * . 
  there is some resentment , but that 's a little complex as well . 
  the opposition to the eu in ireland is left-wing , and opposing the eu on this would involve defending corporate profits . 
  it has happened , but i think everyone knows it 's a bit silly . 
  after all , they 're trying to force us to * take * $ 13 billion . 
  the cjeu is certainly seen as having the power to make the ruling - i do n't think anyone doubts that , even if the commission is being criticised for exceeding its powers . 
  i suppose you could say that people would see the cjeu as our avenue to correcting the commission in this case . 
  and other tax havens have also been successful and prosperous off the back of the same policy . 
  it 's an option for small economies that are able to parasitise larger ones . 
   we were weaker then , and the double irish was causing more harm than good . 
  and we blustered , which was my point . 
  we 're blustering on this one too . 
   everybody knows it 's a fighting retreat with our tax rates . 
  they do in their holes . 
  everybody talks bollocks about it being about our tax * rates * , but that 's pure propaganda for domestic consumption . 
  it 's not about our rates - that 's just what we choose to publicly defend , because we 're on solid ground there , them being an entirely national competence and nobody really objecting to them anyway . 
  we do n't even have the lowest ct rate in the eu . 
  yes , although since i voted green i was voting for ska keller . 
  she and juncker and schulz all came to dublin during the course of the elections - keller canvassed . 
  like i asked earlier - did you miss the whole spitzenkandidaten thing in 2014 ? 
  a pity if you did , because it was something of a constitutional coup by the parliament , appropriating the right to decide the presidency of the commission as well as vote them into office . 
   again the question if that is preferable . 
  we do n't have disputes to an end in itself . 
  every dispute is a liablitiy . 
  nothing to gain for the broader public and a lot of money to be made for bigger businesses . 
  that does n't really make sense . 
  there are n't more treaties in order to allow for more isds , there are more treaties to substitute for the doha round . 
  the disputes are n't the end in view there , the investment is . 
  however , that there are more isds cases logically follows from there being more treaties with isds provisions . 
   what do you draw from this kind of criticism to be honest , what i draw from it is that protectionism is always offered as a palliative for globalisation :  i 'm happy that 221,000 more mexicans got jobs , but let 's be honest : absent open borders , many of those jobs would have been in america . 
  yes , protectionism protects national jobs - the clue is in the name . 
  and maybe it 's been long enough that people have forgotten what it looks like , or are too young to have ever experienced it . 
  anyone who has would think twice about it , i think ( that 's me thinking twice there ) . 
   specifically `` ensuring political support for free trade '' . 
  what would be the incentive of a normal worker to take on the responsibilities of investors ? 
  why should he support this form of additional judicative ? 
  that depends on how the cost-benefit sum works out . 
  if the net benefit from investment is greater than the net costs of isds , why should he oppose it ? 
  if i had a good answer to the problems of globalisation , by the way , i suspect i would n't be arguing about it on reddit - i 'd be on my book tour . 
  but i do n't really think there is a good answer , because ` globalisation ' is just part of the long historical process of urbanisation . 
  first the towns left the villages behind , then the cities left the towns behind , now the mega-cities are leaving the cities behind . 
   not sure we 'd be so bolshie if you were right . 
  really ? 
  we were blustery as hell over the double irish for ages , then suddenly abolished with barely a mutter . 
  we rely on a conciliatory approach when we have a good case . 
  this one , though , is basically just grandstanding , as far as i can see . 
   wrong . 
  france , and about half other european countries have direct elections . 
  hence `` chances are '' . 
  did you miss the whole spitzenkandidaten thing at the 2014 elections ? 
  although i guess it 's different if you 're used to a presidential direct election - it makes sense in that case to aim for a directly elected president for the eu . 
  but not all of us do have such elections . 
  and even in france , you still do n't vote for the government - the president appoints it , subject to the vote of parliament . 
  as is the case in the eu . 
  chances are you never voted for your government either . 
  more probably you voted in your parliamentary elections , and your parliament voted your government into office . 
  similarly , you voted in the european parliament elections , and the european parliament voted the commission into office . 
  the one is no more or less direct than the other . 
   well again , ireland 's case is that apple 's treatment was not special but available to any company involved in international trade from here . 
  if an arbitrary figure was agreed for apple 's tax - which is certainly what appears to be happening in the meeting transcripts - then that argument is basically hogwash . 
   tbh , i suspect we 're going to win the appeal . 
  the commission appears to be trying to create political pressure on our government because it knows it 's in the wrong . 
  what political pressure ? 
  i 'd see it almost exactly the other way round - the government is trying to drum up political noise about the case because it knows its legal arguments are flimsy . 
  the deliberation over appealing in the first place suggests the same thing - it says to me that they recognised their case was weak , but thought they had to try it anyway for pr reasons . 
  i 'm expecting (  50 % ) the government to lose the case , and then cast up a great cloud of complaints about political skullduggery and legal chicanery . 
  many people will buy it , and the government will be some billions better off and retain its air of injured innocence at the expense of the eu , as usual . 
  i should have added the rider `` according to the commission '' .
