  then the eu goes ahead with disastrous policies because they think they have been presented the best research available . 
  scientists are not limited to ngos ( indeed , a good number of ngos are very unscientific ) , or even to lobbyists overall - the commission also does its own scientific work , as well as seeking the views of scientists ( and everyone else ) through constant public consultation . 
  all eu regulation is required to undergo impact analysis - do n't tell me you believe that the scientific assessments involved are simply submitted by corporate lobbyists and swallowed uncritically by the commission ? 
  do you really believe that nobody is even slightly competent or intelligent bar yourself ? 
   wildlife administration deal with conserving wildlife for the purpose of hunting ; not compatible with veganism at all . 
  again you 're clearly talking out you 're ass here . 
  here , let me help you a tiny bit : [ what does a wildlife administrator do ? 
  ] ( http://www.environmentalscience.org/career/wildlife-administrator )  because they tend to be . 
  at least when it comes to the environment , and this is where the 9/1 ratio is especially troubling . 
  sigh . 
  in fact , a lot of european businesses are supportive of eu environmental laws and regulations ( because the people in those businesses are europeans , quite possibly ) , and their concern with relation to ttip is that us companies might be able to compete with them without being held to similar standards . 
  but they 're evil , because they 're businesses , in your simple world view . 
  how on earth * do * they conflict ? 
  do you just mean that they 're somewhat different priorities ? 
  because that 's not what i mean when i say that business interests and goals conflict . 
  i mean they 're literally in opposition to each other , which your two examples are n't by any stretch . 
  by the way , i ca n't help but draw attention to the simplistic assumption you use , that ngo goals are always both good for the public and noble , while business interests are not just self-seeking but bad for the public . 
   as do most ngo 's . 
  not every ngo is like msf or greenpeace with a very broad goal . 
  many are very specific , like ocean or forest conservation / administration  these organizations have very narrow , specific , and concrete interests which can be affected by the treaty nevertheless , these goals do not conflict with the goals of broader organisations in the same sector . 
  the same is not true for business interests , who often have interests which conflict with those of other businesses . 
   you 're not making a point . 
  you 're just justifying a skewed ratio by saying it 's fair . 
  on what basis do you consider it ` skewed ' , though ? 
  what would you see as fair - 50/50 apportionment ? 
  if so , why ? 
  in a * trade * deal , just to remind ourselves . 
   and it 's not making any sense , because the few ngos that have had the ability to give input are complaining that none of their points have been heard . 
  so are the business groups . 
  again , that 's a lobbying tactic . 
  aside from anything else , with no text , they clearly ca n't actually know that to be the case . 
  yet you state it as if it were entirely certain . 
   and there are way more interests than ngos . 
  like consumer right groups or unions . 
  unions by the way represent specialized groups ( union of teachers , union of engineers , nurses union etc.etc ) just like businesses . 
  they can not speak for each-other and like ngo 's are also complaining that they are not being heard . 
  as above . 
  unions are certainly being met , but unions , like umbrella ngos , are few in number compared to business bodies . 
   that 's such unbelievable bullshit . 
  i 'm not saying it should be an equal 50 / 50 split , but as long as legit huge ngo 's with millions of members say they are n't being heard the meetings are undoubtedly favoring private interest groups . 
  from unbacked assertion straight to assumption . 
  why is it `` unbelievable bullshit '' , and on what basis would * you * apportion the meetings , and with what justification ? 
  there are very few ngos with `` millions of members '' - even the wwf only has 5 million globally . 
  taking it a little further , why would ngos need meetings ? 
  there 's nothing in their agendas that ca n't be said publicly , surely ? 
  if there is n't , why would the negotiators not be aware of their views without meetings ? 
  and if there is , then what makes them different from business lobbies ? 
  one or two major environmental ngos can and do speak for the majority , if not all , of europe 's environmental ngos . 
  one business body , on the other hand , can not speak for all european businesses - there are many different sectoral interests , each with a different , and often contradictory , agenda . 
  9:1 business to civil society groups is probably a fair representation - if anything , it 's biased towards the ngos . 
   i just do n't understand the desire of certain sections of society to come to a premature opinion on it . 
  it reeks of bad faith : they 're keen to disagree with it so they look for any reason to do so . 
  another explanation is that it 's a lobbying tactic . 
  many interests would like to be able to put public pressure on the negotiators to promote their agenda . 
  secrecy prevents that being done with reference to specific issues in the negotiations , but does n't prevent indirect public pressure being created using the secrecy as a way of dramatising the issue . 
   the major concerns are that a currency union without fiscal transfers can not work . 
  have a look at the third and fourth points here . 
  without it , certain countries become more competitive and there is no way to offset that with currency valuation . 
  yes , they have to offset it by actually becoming more competitive - upping their game instead of just fiddling the exchange rate . 
  i think that may be the idea . 
   no , the commission representatives are selected by the member states ' national governments . 
  this gives them only very indirect accountability . 
  the parliament has a vote on those nominations , but they can only reject it in its entireity ( i.e. 
  they ca n't play reject individual commissioners ) and they have never voted it down . 
  that 's technically true , but not practically the case . 
  if the parliament wishes to reject an individual commissioner candidate , they refuse to elect the entire commission until that candidate is withdrawn . 
  they [ rejected slovenia 's nominee for this commission ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/6b47b8ca-4f0d-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html#axzz3zrppxmoy ) , [ bulgaria 's nominee for the second barroso commission ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rumiana_jeleva#failure_in_ec_hearings_and_end_of_political_career ) , and [ italy 's nominee for the first barroso commission in 2004 ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4021499.stm ) . 
  the power to reject only individual commissioners rather than the whole commission would probably put the parliament in a less powerful position , not more . 
  i 'd consider it a recognition of where we are already , and a way of preventing the internal tensions between those in favour of greater integration and those opposed/reluctant from tearing the entire project apart . 
  the eu was originally only a six nation project . 
  there 's nothing that requires it to encompass every single nation in europe in exactly the same way , and at the moment , we seem to be risking a league of nations style breakdown . 
  seems reasonable - the notion of a ` single-speed europe ' is not even a particularly good aspiration , quite aside from the fact that it has n't ever really existed . 
  i wonder how many of those getting angry about this harassment by immigrants have previously defended exactly such harassment and attacked the `` pc culture '' that objects to it . 
   the uk being a balancing force is hardly a good reason for the uk to remain in now ... 
  it 's the single most traditional reason for the uk intervening in europe !, 
  the wording of the announcement seems to say that that 's pre-agreed . 
   an `` emergency brake '' which requires a majority to agree with . 
  and which the majority have already agreed to . 
   the failure of the developed world to sell immigration to its populace will be one of the biggest political failures of this century imo . 
  early days yet !, 
  i suspect that the failure to sell sensible climate policies ( or even to try ) will look a lot bigger come mid-century . 
  i 'd have a minor issue with the fact that the analysis is underlain by the belief that `` decisive action '' is the defining measure of a successful polity . 
  it 's not an uncommon paradigm , particularly in us analyses of the eu , but it 's not the only possible one , and not necessarily a good one . 
  certainly the us does tend to `` decisive action '' * externally * , but its decisive actions are often poorly aimed and not infrequently counter-productive . 
  in its internal actions - which is what the migration crisis is for the eu - the us is as regularly hamstrung by internal politics as the eu , without even the eu 's multi-nation excuse . 
  the debt ceiling cliffhangers , the inability to sort out its gun problems , the multi-decade pointless ` war on drugs ' that it seems to know it has lost but can not end , the increasingly insane polarisation of its politics , all stand out as issues equivalent . 
  it 's easy to view another polity 's political infighting from outside and assume it 's evidence of mortal sickness , while ignoring one 's own on the basis that it 's perfectly normal . 
  it 's true that the eu institutions have been sidelined during the crisis as high intergovernmental drama has occupied the stage . 
  yet the infighting is not much worse than it was during the equally early stages of the financial crisis , and away from the spotlight a great bulk of eu work continues to flow smoothly along . 
  the eu members have to make a decision in principle as to whether , and to what extent , migration is to be dealt with at a european or a national level . 
  but even a decision in favour of the latter is not necessarily any kind of end to european integration . 
   whilst true ( and that obviously contributed ) i 'm still pretty sure that ireland in 2008 would n't have had the capacity to deal with the loss of credit market access kicked off by the crisis in the us . 
  it 's likely that there would have been a far smaller rescue package needed , but the aftermath would have included the same issues of monetary policy not matching economic policy . 
  the government 's blanket guarantee probably would have dealt with the liquidity issues - that was what it was intended to do , and something it did quite effectively . 
  the problem was that the banks were insolvent as well as unable to borrow . 
   exposure to us sub prime finance was a problem , even directly via the likes of istc and irish banks did n't have much exposure to us sub-primes . 
  people do often cast the irish bank crisis in that light , but that 's a case of projecting something they do know about onto something they have n't actually researched . 
  no irish analysis has found any meaningful exposure . 
   the issue there was the reduction in credit . 
  i 'd point out that the ` property bubble ' is a bit of a misnomer when we are talking about europe as a whole ( as is the impact in fact . . ) , there is a massive difference between the us property and mortgage market and that in the eu generally ( again , see both the regulatory approaches and things like bankruptcy and foreclosure rates between the two . . ) .
