  with respect to battery eggs in particular , there was a move to lower import tariffs which predates ttip . 
  a parliamentary question to the commission on the subject is here : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?pubref=-//ep//text+wq+e-2012-010734+0+doc+xml+v0//en and the commission 's response is here : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getallanswers.do?reference=e-2012-010734&amp;language=en the response :  at present , other than autonomous preferences given to developing countries ( 2 ) , the only tariff reduction which applies in the egg sector consists of an in-quota tariff which is reduced by 50 % for an annual tariff quota of 135 000 t of eggs ( 3 ) as part of the eu 's wto commitments this quota has almost not been used until now . 
  two additional quotas , each one of 3 000 tons , are expected to be opened in the framework of a free trade agreement currently under ratification . 
  the total eu imports of eggs and egg products did not increase in 2012 compared to the years 2009 and 2010 and currently imports of table eggs are negligible . 
   according to the current wto framework , eu standards related to animal welfare on the farm can not be imposed on third countries . 
  however , where guarantees regarding the equivalency of rules on marketing , labelling and farming methods are not provided , table eggs imported from third countries shall bear the following indication : ` non-ec standard ' demonstrating that they have not been produced with a farming method equivalent with that in use in the eu ( 4 ) . 
  ttip does not require the abolition of * all * quotas or tariffs . 
  the commission is pushing for `` sensitive product status '' for eggs , which would leave them subject to quotas and tariffs . 
  the likely outcome is that ttip would add a negligible amount of non-tariff quota to the existing under-used tariff quota obligations , imports via which are labelled as such , and ttip will not change the labelling situation . 
  this is quite a good example - beef is another ( and particularly sensitive in ireland ) - of where an industry is pressing for a particular outcome in ttip . 
  that 's a reasonable concern , and because it is a reasonable concern , it * is * being addressed in the negotiations . 
  the outcome may not be perfect . 
   there are countless examples like these that we are n't getting any answers to . 
  not specific answers , but they 're all covered by the general answers , and the answer to this :  are we going to allow the us to flood european supermarkets with cheap eggs that european farmers can not compete against ? 
  is no . 
  battery cage eggs are illegal in europe , and would continue to be so under ttip , because ttip does not entail changes to eu safety and animal welfare laws . 
  if the us produces non-battery eggs , * those * will be acceptable in europe on the basis of their us certification as non-battery - currently they are not , they would have to be certified in europe . 
  my work here is done . 
  to the chemistmobile !, 
  surely if you can love a country , you can hate one ? 
  people say things like `` oh i love france , but the french are awful '' , so presumably they 're actually distinguishing the people from the country . 
  somehow . 
   what about northern ireland ? 
  you would n't even be able to meet the entrance requirements for the qualifiers to their league table , hate-wise , so why bother ? 
   it is generally accepted that us standards for good and services are usually much lower than the eu ones being ` generally accepted ' does not mean something is actually true . 
  and , as i recall explaining at some length , ttip does not involve lowering standards to those of the lowest party to the deal . 
  fundamentally , it involves recognising that the other party is capable of applying tests that meet your standards , and in many cases already is . 
   i guess hydrochloric acid is a salt too technically - that is , from a chemist 's perspective - no . 
  salts are formed by the reaction of an acid and a base . 
   they are not voting for or against the ttip but for the amendments . 
  no , when the text is finalised , they vote on ttip . 
  ttip * can not * be ratified without the approval of all 30 parliaments involved . 
   ( and then there 's linux that i 'm not even gon na comment on because : irrelevant ) . 
  because part of the fun of being neutral is a bit of trolling !, 
   yes , but those trade deals are normally released to the public before they pass into legislation . 
  in ttip 's case , there 's already a vote on it tomorrow , and we do n't even know what it 's about !, 
  the votes in the ep are setting out the ep 's position on what they want to be in ttip , not a vote on ttip itself . 
  that vote will only happen after ttip is finalised , which will be maybe towards the end of this year , and with enough time for all the eu parliaments and the ep and the us houses to debate it before they vote . 
  because ttip is being negotiated on behalf of the national governments , and the commission is reporting to them regularly , and the eu governments generally command majorities in their parliaments , the approval of the national parliaments is very likely . 
  the approval of the ep , on the other hand , is quite uncertain . 
   it gets much more confusing in a multi-national community like a corporation that services different countries in emea from one office . 
  and there was me thinking that you were all soulless corporate drones who saluted each other with raised arms and a wish for more profits . 
  must have spent too long on the ttip threads . 
   i thought the ec statement was quite clear . 
  i 'd say it 's definite but not explanatory , myself - that is , it says it wo n't happen , but does n't explain why or how . 
  a lot of people would just file that under `` political promise/whitewash '' . 
   the ttip is secret is n't it ? 
  or at least the governments are n't allowed to see it ? 
  absolutely not - that would be ludicrous . 
  on the contrary , the eu commission is negotiating on behalf of the governments according to a mandate given to it by the governments , and each round of negotiations requires the sign-off of the governments . 
  the final text will have to pass 30 parliaments . 
   is n't the european parliament actively involved in agreeing to it ? 
  i know , for a fact , they 're voting on aspects of ttip this wednesday . 
  they , and every other eu member state parliament , and the us houses , have to pass ttip before it can be ratified , and they will have to be given sufficient time for deliberation on the final text before voting . 
  as it is , meps have access to the negotiating texts on an ongoing basis , and every government is informed after every round of negotiations because they have to agree to what 's been agreed . 
  people who claim that it wo n't be subject to full democratic scrutiny are really ignoring the facts . 
  passing 30 parliaments is hella democratic scrutiny . 
   see it seems to like it 's all fine and dandy , but why would a company should be in a position to demand such thing in the first place ?!, 
  so all the other companies have to think forward and predict the instabilities but veolia promising big investment can force such an atrocious thing into contract . 
  yes , i know , nobody forced egypt to sign , cool . 
  still , i find it shitty . 
  it was actually part of a world bank funded project to recycle landfill methane emissions as power . 
  since it was at least partly a pro-bono work with veolia acting as a technology partner , veolia wanted to be assured that it would n't wind up losing money if the costs went up , and the egyptian government agreed such a clause , then reneged on it . 
   the most salient one was tobacco vs. australia . 
  the threat of vattenfall vs. germany . 
  and the one about romanians micula suing romania because it complied with eu law . 
  neither the tobacco case nor the vattenfall case is settled , so i do n't see how they can be cited in answer to the point about settlements . 
  with respect to the micula case :  although the arbitral tribunal found that romania had acted reasonably , in good faith and in pursuit of the national interest when it repealed the incentives , it noted it had been slack in informing the claimants that the raw materials incentive , in particular , would have to be reversed . 
  it pointed out that some romanian regional authorities continued to reassure the investors that this incentive would be safeguarded , while other parts of the government , who were negotiating with the european commission ( ec ) on the accession , became convinced that it would have to be dropped . 
  the problem was not so much with the withdrawal of the subsidies , but with the way it was handled . 
   add to this that these cases should be handled by national courts , that they produce a chilling effect on regulation wanted by the citizens , favors foreign investors and that the cases brought are steadily increasing , i think it 's a problem . 
  i 'd agree with the last , and particularly where there is forum shopping by companies , although in fact the first judgement in the australia-tobacco case has rather worked against forum shopping . 
  however , the claim that they `` should '' be handled by national courts is questionable - why * should * they be ? 
  one party is non-national , and there are countries in the eu ( and states in the us ) where i 'd be dubious of national courts willingness to overlook that fact . 
  as to the `` chilling effect '' , has anyone produced evidence of this , as opposed to `` it stands to reason '' ? 
  will ttip open the eu market to hormone-fed beef from the us ? 
  hormone-fed beef is banned in the eu . 
  that will not change under ttip . 
   tough eu laws designed to protect human life and health , animal health and welfare , or the environment and consumers will not be changed because of ttip . 
  this causes a lot of confusion , because there are a lot of people claiming that ttip will require each party to drop standards that conflict with free trade - which is not the case , and none of the governments involved would want to negotiate any such idiocy . 
  what actually happens is that where the us has tests that would certify something as ok * by eu standards * those tests will be recognised as a valid alternative to the existing eu tests for that standard . 
  so when the us produces hormone-free beef ( which it does ) , that beef currently has to pass eu tests before it is ok in the eu , even if it has already passed hormone-free testing in the us . 
  the eu does not drop it 's prohibition on hormone-fed beef , instead it accepts that the us is competent to administer tests certifying beef as hormone free ( assuming the tests are actually ok , that is , and that is something that will be looked at in detail ) . 
  does that help ? 
  neither side is required to drop their standards - just to recognise that the other party is competent to administer tests to reach those standards . 
   what will happen is that no country will be allowed to make stricter laws . 
  existing rules might not be overridden , but any new rules get extremely hard to implement . 
  that 's not the case at all . 
  what 's actually in ttip is that when new legislation is being considered , the eu and the us will consider whether they can make it equivalent on both sides . 
  if they ca n't , they ca n't , as long as it 's a genuine `` ca n't '' rather than a `` wo n't '' . 
  nor will isds prevent new legislation . 
  it has not done so to date , and there 's a lot of isds about . 
   while i agree that generally a company ought to be entitled to compensation , i do believe that in this case a sovereign nation should have a right to freely legislate as benefits its populous , without being held to ransom . 
  i think it 's always been implicit that any company choosing to operate in a country does so at it 's own risk , and can be expected to weigh these risks up for themselves . 
  sure - which is the point of writing a treaty that says it 's not just a case of `` at your own risk '' in order to encourage investment . 
   from what i remember reading , there was actually evidence of one of the local politicians making a statement that he would do whatever he could to stop the construction happening yes - it 's quoted in vattenfall 's submission . 
   while , like you , i consider myself to be a green , and i think it 's clear that his actions were well-intended , this is clearly unacceptable behaviour of a state ( would it fall under the category of corruption ? ) . 
  it reminded me of something that i found surprising when i first heard it a few years ago - that many countries do not require political neutrality of their civil servants , and that the senior posts in civil service agencies can be explicitly political appointees . 
  in the case the new head of the permit-granting agency was appointed by the incoming state government , which was a green/cdu coalition , and was himself a cdu politician . 
  that 's something that would be regarded in ireland ( or any english-influenced country ) as totally outrageous .
