  as it would be , i suppose , if that were how it worked . 
  but i 'm not sure why you think it would work that way ? 
  regulations are legislation , legislation is the province of legislatures . 
  the mechanism in ttip - you can read the proposed text [ here ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/april/tradoc_153403.pdf ) - states how the two parties ( eu and us ) would approach the harmonisation of regulations , but since the final outcome of the mechanism is a new regulation , it will be up to the legislatures to accept or reject it ( or indeed amend it ) just as it is with other such legislation . 
  in other words , joint civil service working bodies ( or a body ) will come up with proposals for harmonised regulation , exactly as civil service working bodies currently do ( for example the national perm reps in the eu ) . 
  those proposals will be presented to the legislature by the executive ( so , at the eu level , by the commission to the ep ) exactly as other legislation is . 
  there seems to be an immense willingness to believe that ttip simply throws centuries of democratic development out of the window , without any evidence or reasons presented for that being the case . 
  no free trade deal has ever involved doing away with democratic legislatures and their power over legislation , and it 's bizarre to think that parliaments in the eu and us would agree to any such coup were anyone mad enough to attempt it . 
   your choice of hours and linking them in this way to human rights seems very abitrary , particularly if a particular democracy wanted to change them . 
  the way you think i link them is undoubtedly arbitrary , but that 's not really my problem , since it 's not my straw man . 
   it is also not true that the the working time directive is necessary for the single market . 
  switzerland does not implement the working time directive and is part of the single market . 
  i can see that you think that 's true . 
  other people would disagree with you there - trade unions being the obvious example - as they would on the definition of human rights . 
  so your assertion that it 's unnecessary is clearly an opinion , and apparently not a very compelling one compared to its opposite . 
   even if you do regard the requirement within the wtd to be a human right ( though you have not at any stage tried to argue why you think it is , why 48 hours maximum per week is correct rather than say 47 or 49 ) it still does not follow that the uk , by making its own legislation in this area , is reducing human rights . 
  if you read back , you 'll see that i said they * would * be * if * they removed it , and that removing it appeared to be a part of the brexit logic . 
  as it stands , the uk can choose to reduce/abolish the minimum , maintain the minimum , or increase the minimum - only the first of which adds any weight to a brexit argument , since the other two are both currently available . 
   i 'm not afraid of local democracy , i strongly believe in it . 
  this is actually the case for me as well . 
  unfortunately , you can not realistically have a common market without trade barriers if conditions are sufficiently different between different producing nations , or indeed between different council areas . 
  i have no objection to a common minimum which is set by a more unwieldy process , which is the current situation . 
  complete local autonomy ( and thus control over rights ) , while theoretically desirable , has had historically dubious results in terms of rights . 
   afaik if ttip passes , it will mean cars with us safety standards will be able to drive in europe and endanger pedestrians . 
  it would be more correct to say that if ttip passes , that 's a theoretical possibility - but it is now . 
  eu and us standards will not simply be declared equivalent across the board in ttip - instead , it will contain a mechanism whereby regulations will be examined to see whether they are compatible , and whether they can be made compatible without affecting their intended outcomes :  when a regulatory exchange has been initiated pursuant to article 9 with regard to a planned or existing regulatory act at central level , a party may propose to the other party a joint examination of possible means to promote regulatory compatibility , including through the following methods :  mutual recognition of equivalence of regulatory acts , in full or in part , based on evidence that the relevant regulatory acts achieve equivalent outcomes as regards the fulfilment of the public policy goals pursued by both parties ; since the eu has pedestrian safety as a public policy goal , and the us apparently does n't , the us standard does not achieve an equivalent outcome to the eu one . 
   the council of europe has nothing to do with the working time directive . 
  there are plenty of countries that are signatories to the council of europe but do n't have the working time directive . 
  did you not understand the sentence in which the council appeared ( as an example of the uk 's general commitment to a * universal * rather than particularist conception of human rights ) , or is that a ( nother ) deliberate straw man ? 
   also , you do need to address the question of why you think the wtd is the height of human rights er , no , i do n't , because i have n't made that claim at any point . 
  you made it . 
   this comes down to a question of values , but to argue that one system is inherently better than the other seems to be missing the point . 
  i very carefully did n't do so - i made the point that * in my view * one is better , not that it 's objectively or inherently better . 
  that 's another straw man . 
   to me calling this a diminution in human rights seems fairly unsophisticated . 
  look at the usa for example . 
  they do not have the wtd , and they work very long hours . 
  however , they also have unemployment levels which are much lower than those of the eu . 
  which of these is respecting human rights more , the one with workers with fewer rights or the one with fewer workers ? 
  you are arguing , i think , that it 's a restriction on employment . 
  so let 's have a look at the [ uk 's unemployment rate ] ( http://www.economicshelp.org/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/total-unemployment-1979-20121.png ) where we see the upsurge in unemployment when the wtd was introduced in 2003 ... oh wait , there is n't one , and your argument falls down . 
  and your original claim was that nobody could possibly regard the wtd as anything to do with human rights , which is why we 're arguing what we 're arguing , and which i think has been clearly shown to be nonsense . 
  the wtd is part of human rights , but a bit you feel you personally could cheerfully dispense with , that 's all . 
  other people , in perhaps different socio-economic positions , might well disagree . 
   i am in favour of trusting the voter with what rights the voter wants . 
  how is that an argument for national determination of rights ? 
  again , you beg the important question - perhaps ` voter ' to you is so self-evidently synonymous with ` national voter ' that you do n't even see you 're doing it . 
  but `` self-evident '' is a crock * every * time . 
  what argument do you have for national determination of rights , and how do you prevent it applying at , say , the town council level ? 
   employment legislation is certainly a democratic question and we should allow national democracies to decide it . 
  the second does not follow from the first . 
  you have are begging the question of why it should be * national * democracies that decide the question . 
  many people would argue that rights are universals , and that therefore there 's no reason for national particularism - and indeed the uk would originally have followed that view , as for example in founding the council of europe , as well as the other international treaties on rights to which the uk is signatory . 
   separately , why on earth do you think that the working time directive is the peak of human rights ? 
  i do n't mind you creating a straw man , but you ca n't really insist i defend it when it 's so obvious . 
  still , to clarify for you - freedom from commercial exploitation is * part * of human rights . 
  it 's hardly the most basic , or the peak , and i have n't anywhere said it is . 
  it 's not one you consider important , and that tells us something , because you 're a uk voter - clearly there are people in the uk who * would * vote for a diminution of human rights after brexit . 
  not because they hate human rights , obviously , but because they define them more differently - you define them differently to me , so what you would vote for as maintaining human rights i would regard as reducing them . 
  i 'm tempted , obviously , to describe your view on human rights as more narrow than mine , but that 's another fallacy - it 's likely there are rights you would consider important that i do not . 
  it could , but would be respecting them * less * - movement on a sliding scale or gradient of respect for human rights . 
  one could of course reduce the uk 's implementation of human rights to some bare minimum and claim that the uk `` still respects human rights '' and that therefore nothing has changed . 
  it 's interesting to see that there 's at least one person on whom such spin would work . 
  you 've left out their mutual membership of schengen , as well as their mutual adherence to freedom of movement . 
  currently neither the uk nor ireland is in schengen ( in order for us to facilitate the fta ) , but we both have freedom of movement . 
  the uk and ireland can only maintain the fta with freedom of movement , otherwise there have to be border checks either between ireland and the uk or between ireland and the eu . 
  putting the extra-eu/eu border checks between ireland and the rest of the eu may be a step too far for ireland . 
   are you really arguing that no countries in the world other than those that implement the working time directive respect human rights ? 
  obviously the wtd is the * sole * determinant of that , yes . 
  that 's clearly a position someone would adopt - or at least it would be convenient if they did . 
  because the ireland-uk border will then be an eu/non-eu border without efta or schengen . 
  norway-sweden is efta/eu with both in schengen . 
  norway is essentially within the tariff walls of the eu , within the single market , with freedom of movement . 
  the uk exit campaign does not intend , as far as i 'm aware , to enter an arrangement that includes freedom of movement , or , i would have thought , paying into the eu budget and following eu rules - the former precludes schengen and efta , the latter precludes efta . 
   but lets be clear , the eu is n't going to make it hard for the uk to trade with the eu , or for eu countries to trade with the uk . 
  in the long run , i do n't doubt sense will prevail , or at least self-interest . 
  but as we 've seen through the various crises , it usually takes a while , and the immediate response is not always the cold-bloodedly rational one the brexit campaign is assuming . 
  even in the longer term , a lot depends on the relative strengths of the eu and the uk - something which , again , is the subject of the most optimistic possible assumptions on the part of brexit campaigners . 
  i appreciate that one would n't campaign for brexit if one did n't think it was a good idea , but it is quite possible to believe something whole-heartedly and to be wrong . 
   the working time directive does not fit anyone 's definition of human rights . 
  er , no - it does n't fit yours is , i think , all you can safely say . 
  one can immediately argue that the right not to be exploited is a human right , and that the wtd is part of that . 
  i do n't think the two are related at all . 
  the more relevant point is that norway is in schengen , as is sweden . 
   it wo n't have to happen when people enter the uk from ireland . 
  depending on what european agreements the uk remains part of ... 
  there 's kind of an assumption there - as in general in the brexit debate - that the uk will be able to pick and choose which bits of european integration it stays signed up for . 
  that may not be the case . 
  and there i was thinking the working time directive was a part of the opposition to the eu - but i guess it depends what you define as ` human rights ' . 
  it depends on how the oil industry is at the moment , but the basic answer is that it should be pretty easy if the industry as a whole is looking for people . 
  ideally , you should go to aberdeen or stavanger or one of the other oil towns and just look for work - you could apply from elsewhere if you 're willing to decide what you want to do and search out the names of companies who do it . 
  i do n't recall a psychological assessment , but there 's always a medical , and one thing to bear in mind is that it 's a hostile medical , not a visit to your doctor . 
  if you 're physically fine , you should be ok . 
  if you have n't done something relevant educationally , like engineering or geology or chemistry , you 're probably looking at being a roustabout or service staff ( cleaning , cooking , etc ) - effectively the choice is between outside or inside crew . 
  being a roustabout sounds like it might fit well for you :  a roustabout is the lowest level worker on a rig . 
  roustabouts are usually responsible for cleaning , working basic machinery , scraping paint and repainting , loading and unloading heavy shipments and helping with any miscellaneous tasks that arise . 
  in general , being a roustabout is very physically demanding and requires long hours . 
  roustabouts usually work for two weeks at a time , with the same amount of time off . 
  they usually work a 12 hour shift each day for the 14 straight days that they are on the job , and they will work in all weather as long as it is safe . 
  you 'd work your way from there up to roughneck ( drill floor hand ) and hopefully driller , although there 's a couple of other directions you can maybe go .
