  the plan involved the closing of several mills resulting in the layoff of many foresters and mill workers . 
  on december 4 , 2008 , abitibibowater announced that it would close grand falls mill , its last remaining active mill in newfoundland and labrador , by the end of march 2009 . 
   in reaction to that announcement , the newfoundland and labrador legislature enacted , on december 16 , 2008 , the abitibi-consolidated rights and assets act which , according to the claimant , cancelled abitibibowater 's extensive forestry and water rights in newfoundland and labrador and expropriated the company 's related hydro-electric generation facilities . 
  the legislation , again according to the claimant , foreclosed recourse to canadian courts and provided for compensation subject to the discretionary power of the provincial government . 
  *** case after case , written up in a misleading way in emotive language . 
   no country should be afraid to take the right decision for her people ( i.e. 
  disallow a toxic mining project ) for fear of financial retributions . 
  if the decision to disallow the project has genuinely been taken on public safety grounds , then the company will not win any compensation through isds . 
  isds does n't provide blanket `` get your money back '' or `` win lost profits '' cover for companies . 
  it provides for compensation for losses actually sustained where the company made an investment on the basis of a reasonable expectation of being able to do business a certain way . 
  the company also has to have actually made an investment - hence '' * investor * - state dispute settlement '' . 
  you can not have a reasonable expectation of being allowed to do harm , you ca n't have a reasonable expectation of being allowed to operate corruptly . 
  the case here is not settled . 
  if corruption or harm is proved , the company will not win compensation for the money it has invested . 
  but people are assuming in advance that the company paid bribes and was going to do harm . 
  if the government could show that the officials were bribed in the first place by the company , then the contract would indeed be invalid , and the company would have no right to compensation . 
  again , this is about ` reasonable expectation ' - it 's not possible to have a reasonable expectation that your contract will be upheld if you obtained it by deceit or corruption . 
  on the other hand , it 's easy to * say * permission was obtained by corruption , and it 's commonly said when someone disagrees with a project . 
  whether it 's actually the case seems not to be proven . 
   what is problematic is that companies can claim compensation even if a government does nothing more than change its policy , if that makes a certain business model less profitable this is a very popular error , but still an error . 
  isds allows companies to sue for losses sustained , not profits foregone . 
  then you need to sort out the corruption in your government . 
  the point remains that your government ok 'd the project . 
  if you 're right about the corruption , and the government could show that the officials were bribed in the first place by the company , then the contract would indeed be invalid , and the company would have no right to compensation . 
  there 's a requirement for ` reasonable expectation ' in isds - it 's not possible to have a reasonable expectation that your contract will be upheld if you obtained it by deceit or corruption . 
  make them the exception rather than the rule . 
  there 's a tipping point past which a two-tier bad result becomes more or less inevitable . 
  there are two stable scenarios - the two-tier bad result , and one where people have the option of a high-quality free service or a marginally faster paid one . 
   why should this edge case exist ? 
  why are uk music artists due compensation for a law legalising personal copying ? 
  paying compensation alone is tacit acceptance that you were in the wrong , but passing a law is an affirmation of being in the right . 
  honestly it makes absolutely no sense to me how someone could justify it . 
  you 've lost me , i admit . 
  what i see in what you 've cited is a judge making the point that he will quash a law allowing a private exception for copying on the basis that the proper procedures had not been followed in consultation on that law . 
  the court did not decide that copying done under the legal exception would be either ruled illegal or compensated . 
  the government did not withdraw the law for fear of such compensation , or suggest that there should be compensation for private copying under the law . 
  the only reason the question of compensation arises is because the government were at fault - they introduced a faulty law . 
  the situation , therefore , is one where the music industry lost money because of a law which should not have been introduced in the form it was . 
  not that such an exception should not have been made , or should n't be made , but that the process of the law was faulty , so the law was `` wrong '' for purely technical reasons . 
  it 's true that if they introduced the exception with some kind of compensation for the industry , they would be less likely to face industry legal challenges - but they did not do so when they introduced the law , and would not have to do so if they could competently write the law next time round . 
  the compensation claimed by the music industry here actually has nothing to do with the law itself , and clearly did * not * have a `` chilling effect '' , because the law * was * introduced . 
  unfortunately , it was faulty , and it 's that that introduces the issue of compensation , not the principle of copyright exception . 
  the eu certainly will if the uk asks them to - as per the [ letter from malmstrom to lord livingston ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2014/july/tradoc_152665.pdf ) :  we use a series of reservations in eu trade agreements to make sure that eu member state governments ( at all levels , from central government to local authorities ) can continue to manage their public services however they see fit . 
  for example , we reserve the right for governments to operate monopolies and grant exclusive rights for selected providers , whether these are public or private operators . 
   we make sure that governments do not have to open up any of their public services markets ( such as publicly-funded health services ) to private operators if they do not want to , and that should they choose to do so , there is nothing to prevent them reversing this decision in future . 
  member states have the possibility to modulate reservations according to their needs as part of eu trade negotiations . 
  the uk is covered by these reservations , has always followed this approach , and is free to decide to continue to do so in ttip . 
  but that last sentence suggests that the uk government needs to ask for the reservations , and has n't . 
   so you have money and want service now you go to private , you want it cheaper you wait until it 's your turn . 
  and because you 're already paying privately for your healthcare , you support diversion of government funding away from the national health service . 
  it gets worse , and more people turn to private health care , and eventually you 've got a two-tier health system , with an underfunded crappy one for poor people and a shiny expensive one for everyone else . 
  thing is that * neither * of those are good choices . 
  and now the two bullies are going toe to toe , and both populations are bitching about how the other party is a big bully meany . 
   i think not providing compensation would be immoral , but being unable to nationalise an industry when financial scenarios require it would be significantly worse . 
  but nothing in what you 've cited * prevents * renationalisation , it just requires compensation . 
  actually , without compensation , nationalisation and privatisation become a kind of semi-perpetual money machine for governments . 
  nationalise without compensation , privatise for money , nationalise without compensation ... 
  i appreciate that , but what you wanted the government to do was n't what the government did - and that is a feature of democracy . 
  this particular cost - or waste - is just as much yours / not yours as anything else the government does and you would rather they did n't . 
  it 's your government . 
  it 's hard to judge isds on the basis of undecided cases , but :  study e.g. 
  the case of rmgc ( rosia montana gold corporation ) . 
  they bribed various officials in romania to get permits & favorable laws to do an open-pit , cyanide-based mining project with very little ecological safeguards in romania . 
  in other words , they were allowed to do this by * national * powers in the first place . 
  it should n't have been agreed in the first place - but it was , by the national government . 
   civil society mobilised against it , permits got overturned in court no , it 's been allowed , rejected , allowed , rejected - the decisions seem to have been political , not legal . 
  the cyanide * should * have been a show stopper , but it was n't . 
   and afaik they are suing the state at an isds court for , essentially , `` lost profits '' . 
  no , they 're suing for the money they spent on the project because the romanian government said they * could * mine , and which without the mine is simply lost . 
  to get compensation in isds , companies need to show that they lost real money . 
  panels do n't award money for notional `` lost profits '' - and governments would n't pay them . 
  this is exactly the kind of problem that isds gets blamed for , and which is actually a set of political issues in the country which some company or other loses money over . 
  all isds can do is give them some of their money back - it neither stops the country sorting out its political issues , nor makes them do so . 
  you could argue that isds imposes costs on a country which is likely to green-light ` investment ' projects that will be hugely unpopular and wind up being cancelled after they 've been ok 'd and some company has put money into it - but that 's not a negative , but something that should make governments * more * cautious about green-lighting such projects in the first place . 
  yes , that 's your tax money being wasted , but governments do that , and that 's what elections are for . 
   `` the time has come to abolish isds and ics and to ensure that henceforth , trade works for human rights and not against them . 
  the ideological apriorisms of market fundamentalists must give way to common sense and a commitment to respect and fulfil existing human rights treaty obligations , achieve the sustainable development goals and address the urgent challenges of climate change , '' de zayas concluded . 
  ok . now , i would say that addressing climate change is a million times more important than ttip , and i would also have no hesitation in saying that the `` ideological apriorisms of market fundamentalists '' are a genuine danger to societal fairness , the global environment , and even the markets themselves . 
  but what on earth does either of them have to do with isds ? 
  what , come to that , does isds have to do with human rights ? 
  current isds mechanisms have n't lowered food safety standards , prevented countries from climate change action , or destroyed labour rights . 
  those things have certainly been done , but they 've been done by ordinary national legislation in the hands of right-wing governments , not in isds arbitration panels . 
   anyway you still compete with 500 million people , everybody has an equal chance to come here to work or study so that 's a bad argument too . 
  not just that , but even with closed borders everyone is still competing in a global market , because companies can move . 
   oh come on ... what 's the use of ttip if they are n't ? 
  for harmonising the rules on stuff which is n't as contentious , of which there 's plenty . 
  ttip is n't going to produce fully ` free ' trade - no free trade agreement does . 
  it is a `` freer '' trade agreement . 
  if the idea were really to do away with all trade barriers and harmonise all regulations at the lower standard , the negotiations would have taken a week . 
  [ response to parliamentary question ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getallanswers.do?reference=e-2014-010028&amp;language=en ) :  answer given by ms malmstr\u00f6m on behalf of the commission  after a text is finalised , initialled and translated , the commission submits a proposal on the signature and conclusion of the agreement to the council . 
  after the agreement is formally signed , the council transmits the agreement to the european parliament for consent , which decides by a vote in plenary . 
  if an agreement also requires ratification by member states , this will happen in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements , which means that it will have to be approved by their national parliament . 
  the european parliament 's approval is definitely required , and unlikely to be gained by any attempt to rush the vote through . 
  if the agreement affects anything more than tariffs and other issues which are purely eu competences , then all 28 member state parliaments will have to approve it as well :  the commission has a duty to keep the european parliament informed throughout the negotiations . 
  once negotiations are completed and the council has given authorisation for the conclusion of the negotiation , the council is required to ask the european parliament for its consent for signing the agreement . 
  if ttip takes the form of a ` mixed agreement ' ( i.e. 
  covers areas of both eu and member state competences ) , then the final text will also have to be ratified by each member state in accordance with their national procedures . 
  https://epthinktank.eu/2016/02/05/new-eu-us-trade-and-investment-deal-to-be-or-not-to-be-meps-to-play-a-key-role/ when you sum up the various times required for the national procedures of the 28 parliaments , plus the fact that the parliaments have to schedule their consideration , debate , voting etc , it 's hard to come to a period of less than a year . 
  add in any any legal or constitutional challenges , and it could well get longer . 
  for comparison , the lisbon treaty took about 2 years total for all the ratifications .
