  so their scoreboard will be just that , a scoreboard . 
   there 's no error on revenue , which is `` just 28 payments '' coming in from the members . 
  and the 0.0 % i think you are looking at is just 10 billion on the internal admin , buildings , their own inflated salaries which would be quite simple to do as they have a special tax rate , the 200 million just on moving back and forth to strasbourg all the time and things like that . 
  there tens of thousands of eu civil servants salaries to make up there . 
  it even bolsters the sceptic case in a way , the only time there are no errors is when it 's going into their own pockets directly . 
  first , there 's a lot more to the eu 's income than just `` 28 payments '' !, 
  second , the eu administration spends money directly itself , and not just on salaries , which account for only half the 6 % . 
  if the commission hires a graphic designer to make a graphic , that 's public procurement of exactly the same type as a national government . 
  it just happens to be better accounted for , that 's all . 
   otherwise with the rest there are loads of errors and those are not just administered by nations , i ca n't find the 85 % figure even , much is administered by the eu . 
  i should have said 80 % rather the 85 % :  shared management areas such as agricultural and regional policy represent 80 % of eu spending . 
  for many of the errors detected through the audit member states ' authorities were in possession of information that should have allowed them to identify and correct the problem before claiming re-imbursement from the commission . 
  there is still potential to use financial management systems more effectively and to reduce the error rate . 
   thank you for recognising those who do n't identify and want to spend their money elsewhere . 
  i do n't agree that every policy should necessarily be put to votes in some veto to nothingness model nightmare you propose . 
  but big simple questions should be put forward . 
  do you want a common currency ? 
  do you want to be in the eu ? 
  if citizens ca n't answer those , then we might as well call it a day on democracy . 
  well , that one is between citizens and their national governments . 
  in ireland , we get pretty regular votes on the eu treaties , and they 've all gone through , even if nice and lisbon only on the second round . 
  the uk will get a chance to vote on eu membership in the near future , and the last polls show a pretty equal balance for yes and no . 
   and i think that last point goes against your argument that the sceptics have to win a national majority . 
  it 's an issue that crosses party lines that should have been put to the people . 
  now to get it to the people we have to develop policies in every area and build up a party over more than twenty years to get a vote on it ? 
  well it 's so important that that has actually been done , but i think it 's not as efficient as just giving people a referendum ( and stating clearly that your goal is , not disguising it ) . 
  i think it has much to do with the political class in britain wanting jobs in the eu , big business and `` influence '' . 
  so it 's simultaneously a sickness in the eu and in britain , but i have n't claimed national democracy is perfect , only that it 's better . 
  actually , i was n't suggesting building up a political party around the idea - i was more thinking of a referendum . 
  ukip is doing well in the run-up to the eu parliament elections , but they 've never got anywhere on the national level . 
  building an out-of-eu party does n't come off at a national level , though , because the issue really is n't that important to most people . 
  sure , they 'll vote on it in the eup elections , and maybe turn out in a referendum , but on a day-to-day basis , it 's only a minority of people who are motivated by the issue . 
  for most people , the eu is ok , or not ok , but they would n't bother to walk down the street to cast a vote on it either way . 
  as to the idea that uk politicians want `` jobs in the eu '' - come off it . 
  the people who go to europe are those that have disgraced themselves in national politics , like mandelson , and they come back as soon as they can . 
  national politics is still where it 's at for the vast majority of politicians and aspiring politicians . 
  there 's a maximum of 1 guaranteed eu job per country , and that 's in the gift of the national government anyway . 
  business does want to stay in the eu , because it 's very good for business again , they like to moan about `` brussels red tape '' , but they like to moan about `` whitehall red tape '' just as much , and they 're well aware that leaving the eu will just transfer red tape from brussels back to whitehall . 
  well , no , i have n't said the cjeu is n't an eu institution . 
  i 've just pointed out that what it rules on is whether eu legislation is in accordance with the treaties negotiated by the member states . 
  in other words , it 's deciding whether eu legislation is or is not acceptable to the original intent of the member states , and the powers they granted the eu in the latest treaty revision . 
  for those of us from countries with a written constitution , that 's very similar to the job of a constitutional court like the supreme court - which , while it is a national institution , as the cjeu is an eu one , is called on to decide whether the government of the day is acting in accordance with the national constitution . 
  and in the case of the eu , that ` constitution ' is the treaties , which are the limits set on eu competence by the member states , which includes the rights in the charter , which the member states require the eu to observe . 
  in the case of the database , the ruling is one against the commission for infringing on the rights the member states require it to observe . 
  your other points :  so it 's the eu court . 
  and the ` member states ' aspect is part of the council . 
  so still eu . 
  now that 's orweliian . 
  the member states are the various sovereign nations . 
  if you want to call them `` the eu '' , then there 's no point at which you can meaningfully discuss the eu at all . 
   so it 's bound by an eu sanctioned charter . 
  no , the charter is not `` eu-sanctioned '' , but sanctioned by the member states . 
   and the privacy of individuals is being extended to corporate recipients of the public purse !, 
  not by the eu , but by the member states , who are offering their own versions of the database the eu is currently not allowed to publish . 
  if the commission proposal is accepted , the eu will once again publish the database , with all the recipients , both individual and corporate . 
   it 's again , now , up to the member states and the parliament whether they accept that proposal  the european parliament . 
  i 'm obviously not explaining this well enough , because you clearly have no idea what i meant there . 
  the council and the parliament will be voting on a commission proposal to once again allow publication of the full database . 
  that is , things are completely the reverse of your beliefs . 
  the commission is * trying * to publish the full database . 
  it is the member states - the national government - who are trying to suppress it . 
   the ecj is the eu . 
  it is european law that the commission has written . 
  well , no , that 's not the case . 
  the ecj is not the eu , it exists primarily to ensure the eu 's compliance with the treaties the member states have created for it to operate under . 
  the judgement in this case was given because privacy is a right found in the charter of fundamental rights of the european union - which is a treaty-level document agreed by the member states , not commission legislation - and it was considered that the expressed aim of the commission in publishing the data was not a necessary enough goal to allow the abrogation of the individual 's right to privacy . 
  so this is not the commission deciding to be opaque . 
  on the contrary , the commission has been seeking a legal route to re-publishing the data since the case , but it is bound by the charter to observe the privacy of individuals :  in september 2012 and after an in-depth analysis and assessment in order to find the most appropriate way to reconcile the right to protection of personal data of the beneficiaries with the need for transparency , the commission proposed new provisions on the matter . 
  the proposal : http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=com:2012:0551:fin:en:pdf it 's again , now , up to the member states and the parliament whether they accept that proposal - and , again , while most of the member states are ok with it , there are some holdouts who are n't , so it 's likely nothing will happen until they are . 
  strictly speaking , too , what happened was that the publication of the database was found to have an objective which was not sufficient to overcome the right to privacy of individuals . 
  what the commission has done in redrafting the law is to give a stronger objective , the reaching of which is considered a worthwhile enough goal to overcome the privacy issue . 
  it 's worth reading the comments of the irish presidency on the issue : http://register.consilium.europa.eu/pdf/en/13/st06/st06640.en13.pdf in the meantime , the data published by individual countries is not controlled by the commission , but is published by the member states , and reflects whatever their national preference for transparency is :  please note that the websites linked to are under the control of member states of the european union and are not under the control of the commission services . 
  the content of these sites is the sole responsibility of the member states concerned . 
  the european commission therefore can not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the data or information provided , nor does it accept responsibility or liability for any use made thereof . 
   given it 's become a common tactic of europhiles on here to scream `` give me a source ! '', 
  to just about any claim sceptics make , and given my good faith provision of those sources at a not inconsiderable cost of time to myself elsewhere in this thread , i am going to have to ask for a solid source for this one . 
  a source on the 85 % would also be nice , as i have never encountered either of these figures before your reddit comment so they are mysterious to me and i 'd like to know more . 
  no problem - it 's from the audit report : http://www.eca.europa.eu/en/pages/ar_2012.aspx handy graphic , page 7 . 
   but provisionally , even if we take them both to be true , the administration of 85 % of funds , say in bulgaria , is still money from a swedish taxpayer being maladministered ... & c to be honest , i understand the viewpoint - if you do n't feel `` european '' , it seems daft to be giving money to people who , while they may be poorer than you , are very much wealthier than sub-saharan africans , simply on some supposed shared identity you do n't feel you share . 
  but there 's something in pretty much every government budget that each of disagree with , whether it 's generous welfare entitlements , foreign aid , civil service salaries , spending on government it . . the list is endless , and if we were each allowed to strike off what we disagreed with , there would be nothing left at all . 
  that would appeal to some , but not to most , and so we each put up with what we disagree with unless we can vote sufficient politicians of our own persuasion into power to change it . 
  if the eurosceptics manage that in the uk , or wherever , they get to implement what they want , but not until then . 
  and it would have to be at the national level , too , because that really still is where the power is to make such changes , and it 's somewhere eurosceptics have not in fact done well , largely because people know that despite the complaints , the eu is a very minor add-on to the business of national affairs . 
  the whole portion of the member states ' budgets spent through the eu amounts to around 1 % of their gdp , a bit more than foreign aid - the uk 's net contribution to the eu is 0.65 % of their budget , their foreign aid is 0.56 % . 
  i suspect that sweden as a whole probably has slightly lower levels of material error and fraud in its national accounts than does the eu - but the eu 's level of error and fraud is effectively an average of the error and fraud levels across all the member states , who are responsible for 85 % of eu funds management and thus the vast majority of fraud and error in the `` eu '' accounts . 
  the error rate for the eu 's own administration is 0.0 % . 
   in addition to that the link that was provided referenced farmsubsidies.org , the first article on which explains how 92 % of all cap beneficiaries are kept secret , on which the ecj has itself called eu transparency laws as ` invalid ' when it comes to cap . 
  the eu originally published the information , and was forced by a case to withdraw it - from your link :  the backsliding on transparency has come in the wake of a ruling by the court of justice of the european union which states that eu rules on transparency were ` invalid ' because of concerns that publication of data on payments to private individuals ( ` natural persons ' ) would violate their right to privacy . 
  it seems some member states are using a very broad definition of ` natural person ' to keep as much data as possible from entering the public domain . 
  so in this case it 's not `` the eu '' trying to be opaque , it 's the eu trying to be transparent and being forced not to be by individuals and member states . 
  and then being blamed for it , of course . 
  i do n't particularly agree with the right of individuals to keep secret how much they receive in the way of cap subsidies , but i can see their point , and can see how the right to privacy , which written into the charter , and thus applicable to such disclosure by the eu , would trump the transparency argument . 
  i 'd prefer for the eu to be able to set a standard for ` natural person ' that excluded companies , but it 's a legally vital definition that the eu does n't have the power to change . 
  on the other hand , we ca n't know whether the boards of our ( ? ), 
  companies are being manned ( interesting choice of word , that ) by the best of the best , because there has been a very long historical period of prejudice , which results , even where that prejudice is overcome , in a great inert mass of company boards where women are n't considered because they 've never been considered , and where there are no women to suggest consideration . 
  egalitarian societies have higher female representation on company boards than societies known to be chauvinist - and the range is very large , from 3 % ( malta ) to 49 % ( iceland ) in europe alone . 
  so unless there 's something genetically different about maltese women that makes them grossly incompetent compared to icelandic women , clearly maltese women are n't on the boards of maltese companies because of existing and historical prejudice - which means maltese companies * are n't * getting the `` best of the best '' , and , in addition , are n't inclined to try to do so . 
  so legislation seems reasonable . 
  on your final point , companies are allowed legal privileges ( such as limited liability ) because those privileges serve society , not because they serve their stockholders . 
  putting a `` nice little cross-section of society '' on company boards is not intrinsically a bad idea - for society .
