  a judgement against the inquiring party is a judgement that the release of documents is not in the public interest ... also , it 's necessary to distinguish between public interest , and the public 's interest . 
   does this mean that these rules are already accepted , or is this something that still should be voted on ? 
  from the press release :  the proposed amendments which the commission has tabled today now need to be approved by the european parliament and council . 
  it will almost certainly also be amended by those two bodies as well . 
   the more it grows , the more impotent and disjointed it becomes . 
  which was to some extent part of the reason the uk pushed for enlargement - `` larger , not deeper '' was the cry for many years . 
   we have seen the dysfunction of common regulation with vw , deutsche bank and 2013 's meat adulteration . 
  i think you 're confusing people breaking laws with laws not working . 
  that people break uk safety standards - something which does happen regularly , as in any country - does not mean those national standards have failed . 
   this stuff about common regulation is just a canard whereby high cost producers seek to load cost onto their leaner competitors to destroy them , while flaunting the regulations themselves . 
  no , it seeks to establish minimum common standards which are acceptable to the people of europe , so that nobody is getting an edge in the single market through very low environmental , consumer , or labour standards . 
  there 's a huge social advantage to that , which is that it avoids what could otherwise be a race to the bottom in those fields.sure , it makes it harder for the uk to compete with producers in countries which have extremely low standards in their own home markets ... and if your preferred vision for the uk is one in which the uk adopts those low standards in order to compete then , yes , you 'd definitely be better off outside the eu and perhaps vice-versa . 
   and ( german parliamentarians ca n't look into ttip ) http://www.dw.com/en/german-frustration-builds-over-ttip-secrecy-from-us/a-18819097 the answer is in the article :  according to daniel hamilton , the executive director of the center for transatlantic relations at johns hopkins university , washington is concerned that providing greater access to the draft documents will result in leaks that could undermine the negotiations before a text is finalized . 
   `` the real answer here is that in the end ttip will be a mixed agreement in eu jargon , which means all member-state parliaments plus the european parliament will have to approve it , '' hamilton told dw . 
   `` so 29 different parliaments will have to approve this , '' he said . 
  `` they will have full access to everything obviously once they get that far , but they 're not that far . '', 
  negotiations conducted in secret obviously worry us , which is not unreasonable , but unfortunately negotiations held in public are provably less productive for anybody - they generally lead to pointless political posturing and the excessive * protection * of vested interests , not the reverse . 
  years of `` public and transparent '' talks on northern ireland , for example , went absolutely nowhere - uk politicians were repeatedly forced to strike public poses of `` no deals with terrorists '' which meant the ira could n't even be at the table - and the good friday agreement , which finally led to peace , was negotiated in secret . 
  however , while both the good friday agreement and ttip may have secret negotiation stages , both involve public and democratic ratification - without which the agreements are void . 
  the parliaments of the member states will have whatever they deem to be adequate time to study ttip before voting on it , and will have full access at that time , as will the public , as is normal for any legislation or treaty . 
   what about this ? 
  er ... inaccurate scaremongering ? 
  there is a lot of it about . 
  the questions relating to gmos and other food issues have been covered repeatedly - for example , in this answer to an mep 's question :  for the purposes of ttip , the same approach is being taken to gmo products as to all food products that may be traded between the eu and the us . 
  this is that the basic legislation and our high standards guaranteeing their safety will remain entirely unaffected by ttip . 
  this has been made very clear by the commission since the beginning of the ttip discussions in 2013 ( 1 ) . 
  basic regulations , like those relating to gmos are not and will not be subject to negotiation . 
  president juncker reiterated this principle in his political guidelines by stating that ` he will not sacrifice europe 's safety , health , social and data protection standards or our cultural diversity on the altar of free trade . 
  notably , the safety of the food we eat ' . 
  as you can see [ from the answer ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getallanswers.do?reference=e-2015-012048&amp;language=en ) , the question has been answered repeatedly :  when presenting the eu-us trade and investment agreement at a press conference on the 13 february 2013 , the commission stated the following : ` these negotiations are not about compromising the health of our consumers for commercial gains . 
  we will not negotiate changes of the basic rules that we do not want on either side , be it on hormones or gmos . 
  basic regulations , like those relating to gmos will not be part of the negotiations . ' consequently , the eu regulatory system for gmos , which is considered the strictest in the world for the approval of gmos , will continue to operate as normal . 
  and  the objective of the on-going discussions between the eu and the usa on the transatlantic trade and investment partnership is not to change the relevant legislation in terms of food safety , but to enhance cooperation to remove unnecessary obstacles and trade barriers without prejudice to the right to regulate in accordance with the level of health and safety that each side deems appropriate . 
  the eu sets its sanitary protection ( human , animal and plant health ) at a level that it considers appropriate , in accordance with the wto agreement on sanitary and phytosanitary measures . 
  this applies to the eu policy on gmos , according to which a gmo can be placed on the eu market only after a thorough risk assessment , performed by the applicant and evaluated by the european food safety authority ( efsa ) , and taking into account the precautionary principle ( 1 ) . 
  this risk assessment has to demonstrate that the gmo is safe for human and animal health and for the environment . 
  it has to be stressed that risk assessments performed , or authorisations granted by third countries are not elements that are taken into account when evaluating the safety of a gmo in the eu , i.e. 
  mutual recognition approaches are not allowed . 
  and  the commission has repeatedly stressed that the overall objective of the transatlantic trade and investment partnership ( ttip ) negotiations is not to negotiate convergence in areas where eu and us approaches differ . 
  ttip aims to cut unnecessary red tape , reduce the costs of doing business across the atlantic and make it easier for companies to comply with both american and european laws . 
  but this would only be done while upholding the high standards and levels of health , safety , and environmental protection that each side deems appropriate . 
   both sides have taken a commitment not to lower any standards through ttip including on the various topics listed in the honourable members ' question . 
  on various occasions the commission has made it clear that the eu does not intend to change its high level standards on food safety , including its legislation on gmos , as a result of ttip ( 1 ) . 
  commissioner malmstr\u00f6m and her us counterpart ambassador froman have publicly confirmed that they are jointly committed to protect public services ( including healthcare ) ( 2 ) . 
   in addition , the commission has clarified on several occasions that ttip will not put the existing eu legislation on chemicals in question . 
  this applies notably to the regulation on registration , evaluation , authorisation and restriction of chemicals regulation ( eu ) no 1907/2006 which will not be in anyway renegotiated in the context of ttip . 
  however , eu and us regulators have identified work strands in the chemicals sector that could usefully be pursued , such as identifying new chemicals for which risk assessment should be prioritised . 
  so , yes , this is n't on the table , but yet a great deal of noise about it is made by the opposition to ttip - almost as if it were too good a scare story to relinquish merely because it happens to be untrue . 
  sure : http://www.eesc.europa.eu/resources/docs/10-myths-on-ttip.pdf, 
  not the intention - after all , the ban on haggis is because it contains sheep lung . 
  dangerous cheeses are dangerous - unpasteurised etc. 
  does n't encouragement of persecution count ? 
  albigensians , northern crusades ... 
  rome did it before spain ... and greece before rome ... and the assyrians before greece ... and ... are we going all the way back ? 
   example : chlor treated chicken . 
  standard in usa , not allowed yet in eu . 
  would be allowed with ttip to sell in eu . 
  except that that one is specifically out . 
  harmonisation is n't an across the board blanket . 
  as / u/af _ general says :  that is why they take the time to look at each aspect separately and negotiate very thoroughly . 
  if ttip were simply an agreement to an across the board lowering of standards to the lowest common denominator , negotiations would already be over . 
  as it is , the eu will be keeping its bans on things like gmo and chlorinated chicken , and the us will continue its bans on things like dangerous cheeses and haggis . 
  neutral country here ... 
  possibly because both france and britain are actively involved in military operations in islamic countries , against people with a fraction of their military capacity . 
  describing the paris attacks as an `` act of war '' is entirely correct - these are acts of asymmetric war . 
  if the military capacity was available for isis to fly bombing raids over france , they would do that , but they do n't - instead people have to personally bring the bombs and guns . 
   sus have always been radical and have always had attendant political societies of various stripes indeed , sus and other student bodies have a long tradition of preventing speakers they disagree with from speaking . 
  uk universities have undeniably lost their moral compass , but that 's more to do with the commercialisation of research , grade inflation to attract overseas students , and the bending over backwards to get a share of saudi and chinese money ( withdrawing honorary degrees for the dalai lama in order to smooth the path for another confucius institute ) , not because some left-wing students picked a side in a conflict . 
   hmm , that 's interesting . 
  i 'd never considered the distinction between national parliaments and national governments in this way regarding eu politics . 
  normally , for all intents and purposes , they 're the same thing . 
  the lack of control by national parliaments over the actions of national governments at eu level is one the biggest democratic gaps in the whole system !, 
  direct election of the commission president , on the other hand , is basically theatre . 
   people do not only read the snippets . 
  they clearly click on the links associated with them or the content providers would not have been so upset when google stopped using snippets . 
  it is obvious it resulted in far less traffic to their sites . 
  a drop of 6 % for well-known brands , 14 % for smaller sites . 
  the larger drop for smaller sites illustrates another point , which is that aggregators/search engines help level the playing field for smaller outlets . 
   news agencies are still stuck in a time when the inky way to get news was to buy a newspaper at a news stand . 
  that is hardly google 's fault . 
  undeniably - and clearly google would be happier if the media could work out how to properly replace that revenue online , since then the media would be less likely to try to make google pay them ( i doubt it would entirely stop it ) . 
   google may not produce the news content , but it will not pay to use snippets in its search results . 
  google would certainly rather not pay for using snippets , any more than any company would be happy to pay for a raw material it currently gets for free . 
  and currently google has the content producers over a barrel because we are used to getting the convenience of a news summary for free , and browse/search aggregator-first . 
   this is exactly what happened in spain . 
  spanish news outlets sued google for doing this so it stopped . 
  then the same producers sued google for discontinuing the practice and not paying them royalties . 
  love the phrasing . 
  more correctly `` news outlets sued google for using snippets of their content and not paying them royalties so it stopped . 
  then the same producers sued google for discontinuing the practice of using snippets . '', 
  the key is that google does n't pay to use their content , has the content producers over a barrel by virtue of consumer preference for free aggregated and summarised news over paid single-source full news , and is willing to use its market muscle to go on ensuring itself a free ride . 
  as said , this is a short-term happy place for consumers , who get quality content summarised and aggregated for free , but a long-term problem , in that production is not free , and producers can not go on serving quality content up forever without * sufficient * remuneration to make it worth doing . 
  further , though , smaller news outlets need search engines and aggregators to level the playing field against the big brands . 
  finding a balance between all these issues is very difficult , and certainly not as simple as `` yay free news summaries '' . 
   it 's obvious because it was even one of the goals when the original ecsc was created . 
  the treaty of paris does n't even contain the term ` federal ' . 
   it 's dishonest for politicians to try and pretend like they did n't know that this was one of the fundamental goals of the eu since it 's inception . 
  hardly , because unless a goal is specifically committed to - and federalism has n't been - then it 's only a goal as long as people still want it to be . 
  sure , it was seen as a desirable outcome by quite a lot of people in the post-war context , but so were plenty of other things which have since been abandoned . 
  it was never formally committed to at any point , even by the original six countries who brought it into being .
