   basically none of them have come true . 
  the economy is doing fine , inflation is on target , so are jobs so is economic growth . 
  oh , i know !, 
  everything is fine , fine , fine , and you 're glad , glad , glad . 
   not everyone is coming with us . 
  the irish are staying in the eu , without us . 
  being a separate country and all , we would hardly have expected to find ourselves included as part of `` everyone '' in a uk context . 
  that changed nearly a century ago ...  good luck with that , it is going to be quite a ride !, 
  says the source of the turbulence carelessly . 
   the fact that the same thing can be perceived in different ways by different people , means that there are cultural elements to a democracy . 
  different cultures interact with the same political entity in very different ways . 
  hardly arguable , and hardly meaningful . 
  this is another handwave - a claim that because i agree that there are some `` cultural elements '' you can simply dismiss any other points that you do n't like under that cover . 
  ` fraid not . 
   i am sure you were overjoyed by the democratic exercise . 
  the result was of course a further bonus . 
  to be honest , it 's like music - i appreciate it very much , but not in inexpert hands . 
  the simple act of voting is not democracy . 
   surely you saw all the crazy scare stories of the remain side and felt repelled by them ? 
  well , first , a good deal are already coming true without the government even having started the leaving process , and second , there really is no parity of mendacity in the two sides , i 'm afraid . 
  the leave campaign not only told huge outright lies , but had the advantage of the previous decades of anti-eu scare stories . 
   i can tell that you in your heart have a massive admiration for the way the british people stood up to brussels . 
  let 's see . 
  they voted - hardly something heroic . 
  they 're now able to leave a group of which membership is voluntary , and which nobody can prevent them leaving - again , not really the stuff of heroism any more than leaving your tennis club would be . 
  they do n't know what the results will be , and there appears to be no plan and little comprehension of the issues at the government level - is it heroic to leap blindly into the dark , taking everyone with you ? 
  frankly , the british people `` standing up to brussels '' strikes me as most like a drunk standing up to piss - entertaining for observers , of dubious outcome for the drunk , and fundamentally unheroic . 
  for me to admire it would be quite perverse , although i dare say the drunk might well be very pleased with himself . 
   ultimately you are agreeing with me here . 
  you are accepting that voter turnout and democratic participation is not simply linked to power of an institution , there are other things that are relevant too . 
  sneaky attempt at handwaving , but no . 
  in each country , the difference between the turnouts for national and european elections in that country represents the difference between the perceived impact of the results on people 's lives in that country . 
   is n't that wonderful and exciting ? 
  how can you not feel joyous about that ? 
  what on earth does that have to do with the result ? 
   the british people , presented with all kinds of ridiculous scare stories , in the privacy of the polling booth with a large turnout , quietly reflected on the last 40 years of eu membership , and decided that they would instruct the government to change its policy . 
  i 'm absolutely certain you do n't see the irony there . 
  you 're kind of a brexit pollyanna . 
   large numbers of the elected representatives are a hair away from being utterly useless really ? 
  larger than in national parliaments ? 
  according to what source ? 
   for instance , it is hard to argue that the people of slovakia are less impacted by the eu parliament than the people of ireland , yet the turnout figures in eu elections differ massively . 
  there are clearly other elements at play . 
  all the accession states have low turnouts - in fact , the addition of accession state turnouts to the eu average is entirely responsible for the decline in turnout that people like to claim is evidence of some kind of real change . 
  their turnout for national elections is also low , though - 2007-2013 they averaged 60.66 % turnout , down from 67 % in 2000-2006 - compared to an average of 75.18 % for the eu-15 , up from 72.1 % in 2000-2006 . 
  so i think that 's perhaps a more general feature of those countries . 
   ultimately , as we are now seeing in the uk 's case , it is the people that have made the decision . 
  they do not want the eu political structures it seems ... and they do n't understand their own , if the outrage over the article 50 case is anything to go by . 
  which suggests the whole thing has been a mass exercise in blind choice . 
   turnout in the last eu elections was terrible in most eu countries turnout in the european parliamentary elections has always been lower than in national elections , a fact which reflects the quite accurate public appraisal of the limited extent to which eu decisions actually affect their lives - something which rather supports my argument than yours . 
  people tailor their voting effort to the extent they 're affected by the result . 
  far from the eu being a `` massive democratic imposition '' and the low turnout reflecting that , the lower turnout reflects the very limited `` imposition '' involved . 
   it is n't just british newspapers that do n't cover eu parliamentary business ( thereby holding it to account ) but few national media sources do . 
  that is regrettably true . 
   if the political structures do not fit the people , personally i think it makes more sense to change the political structures , rather than try to change the people . 
  i suppose that is indeed the ultimate development of focus group led democracy . 
  which is to say that the uk could have solved the ` democratic imposition ' by taking the european parliament more seriously ? 
  i ca n't help but feel that would have been simpler and less expensive . 
  before you become erratic . 
  polls are ok , but everyone ignores their margin of error . 
  most brexit polls were within margin of error of the result , as were the us presidential polls . 
   so if the uk wants to allow the sale of non-eu guideline foodstuffs ( bent bananas , straight courgettes , or whatever the silly eu guidelines were ) , then they should be free to do so . 
  they are free to do so . 
  all that happens is that deformed bananas are classified as class ii products , but there is no bar on their sale . 
  most of what people assume to be the bad effects of `` eu standardisation '' are actually the effects of supermarket standardisation . 
   same with trading outwith the eu : i 'm sure the uk would n't mind lowering import tax on non-eu wine , but currently spain/france/etc . 
  would block that because it potentially hurts their economies . 
  and the uk blocks the same on whiskeys . 
   for trade between eu countries , sure we can all agree on some minimal sensible legislation . 
  however , what a country decides to do within its own borders should be up to it alone . 
  that 's a free trade area rather than a common market , though . 
  you did , but a lot of people voted under the pretty strong impression that the government would ignore the result . 
   what i ( and i suspect many europeans would welcome ) would be 2 organizations : one economic , and one political . 
  so people can be in the eeu ( european economic union ) without being in the epu ( european political union ) . 
  every eu nation ( including the uk ) wants free trade , standardized products , etc. 
  not every nation wants to sacrifice sovereignty to brussels . 
  the problem with this is that political integration is a necessary outcome of economic integration . 
  all the political integration steps , all the losses of sovereignty , have been necessary because of the economic integration . 
  for example : 1 . you want free trade within the eu - ok , you have to give up that element of sovereignty . 
  you also now have a single external customs border . 
  who runs it ? 
  one country ? 
  hardly . 
  all the countries by unanimity ? 
  ineffective . 
  all the countries by weight ? 
  the smaller ones will never agree . 
  ideally , some single body is charged with doing it on the basis of neutrality between the countries - the commission . 
  give up some sovereignty . 
  2 . you want standardised products ? 
  same problem . 
  plus , countries obviously ca n't implement national legislation that supersedes the standard rules , so you need the european rules to take primacy over national ones , and you need a court to settle disputes , which needs to be higher than any national court - the cjeu and the primacy of eu legislation . 
  give up some sovereignty . 
  3 . you want banks to be able to operate across borders , and other services as well ? 
  you need banking rules , a banking body , etc. 
  give up some sovereignty . 
  your citizens want some input into this , rather than having it run purely by some technocratic body answerable only to a council of national governments ? 
  european parliament , and it needs teeth . 
  give up some sovereignty . 
  and so on .
