  it 's the only appellant document in the list of documents , and it contains no reference to any other appellant documents . 
  so i 'm certainly defending the court 's decision to dismiss the appeal ... 
   central banks are answerable to policians . 
  the boe has to write to the chancellor monthly . 
  the ecb has to report on its activitives regularly to the european parliament . 
  that 's not what `` answerable '' means in a political context . 
  a duty to keep politicians informed of what you 've done is different from those politicians holding power over you . 
  again , i suggest you do some research . 
   how are you going to do that ? 
  they might not be in your jurisdiction . 
  ( in fact , they obviously would not be in your jurisdiction . ), 
  perhaps you would be shutting down newspapers you did not like ? 
   the people that fear journalists and newspapers the most are politicians . 
  creating a system whereby politicians enact laws restricting what journalists can say will have terrible outcomes for a free society . 
  oh , please , enough hysteria about the straw man you 've created . 
  i 'm arguing for something , you 're getting all `` muh liberty '' about something else which you came up with . 
  not much point my responding if you wo n't even understand what i 'm actually saying and argue with that rather than what 's in your own head . 
  and i ca n't help but note that this is not the first time for this outcome . 
   it is hard to respond to you given that you are editing posts after i have already responded to them . 
  i can only recommend you respond more slowly , i 'm afraid . 
   yes , but there is massive difference between them voluntarily doing so and being required to do so by the law of the land under threat of imprisonment . 
  i prefer the latter . 
  of your straw men . 
  it 's actually `` threat of fines '' resulting from a refusal to accept a ruling . 
  imprisonment only becomes an issue if people are refusing to pay lawfully levied fines . 
   i have to imagine the pleading contained more facts than simply `` the lower court is wrong '' . 
  of course !, 
  even the summary of them in the judgement is more than that , but effectively they might as well have submitted just the statement `` the lower court is wrong '' . 
   i have not been able to find them . 
  do you know of there is a way to access the actual pleadings ? 
  not sure . 
  this is the application : http://curia.europa.eu/juris/document/document.jsf?text=&amp;docid=135121&amp;pageindex=0&amp;doclang=en&amp;mode=req&amp;dir=&amp;occ=first&amp;part=1&amp;cid=796539 and if that is - and it seems to be - the full appeal , then it 's sketchy to the point of really being not much more than my summary !, 
   central banks are alsoare also answerable for their actions to politicians . 
  er , no , they 're not . 
  that 's what `` independent '' means , and i think you need to upgrade your knowledge of the area . 
   you would imprison journalists who lie to the public ? 
  that is ultimately orwellian and hugely problematic for liberal democracies . 
  ah ... a new straw man appears !, 
  no , i did n't say we should imprison journalists for lying - you have elided two points , that of fining the media outlets for lies published , and that of refusal to pay the fines . 
  we would imprison the owners of media outlets for refusal to pay fines instituted by law , and levied by the independent body . 
  as to who determines the question of whether the media outlet published untruths , i 'd suggest a jury system . 
   i think a situation where we imprison journalists is a poor outcome , but if that is what you like , so be it . 
  it 's your straw man , not my outcome . 
  mine would involve the * owners * of media going to prison only if they refused to pay fines lawfully levied on their businesses - and a fine only being levied in the event of a refusal to publish a retraction with equal prominence to the original article . 
  no journalists would be imprisoned , although it 's possible a habitually dishonest journalist would find it harder to get work , rather than easier as currently appears to be the case . 
  when you think about it , a quality media outlet , if it publishes something inaccurate , already often prints a retraction . 
  this formalises and enforces that process . 
   that 's why i feel like thre should be some sort of standard that is required , whether or not you meet it depends on whether or not your peers can find holes in your stories . 
  i 'd rather have that open to anyone rather than just other media . 
  it 's far easier for a scientist to find holes in a ` scientific ' or other technical media story than it is for another journalist to do so . 
   if it is established by government ( who presumably put in place legislation to incorporate it ) and paid for with taxpayers money then it is hard to call it really independent of government . 
  it 's perfectly easy to do so , and , as i said , it 's a very well-understood process . 
  the body is created by statute , and maintained by statute . 
  the government is then required by law to pay for the body and to comply with its regulations , same as a central bank . 
  the government can of course change the statutes in question , and that , in turn , depends on what government the public elects . 
   so this independent organisation has power to make regulations and fine people that breach them ? 
  sounds pretty governmental to me . 
  you might , then , want to update your understanding . 
   there are in the uk newspapers that would refuse to pay any such fines . 
  would you really imprison these people ? 
  this would be terribly regrettable . 
  not really . 
  lying to the public seems pretty offensive to me . 
   but one thing i do not want the government ( or any entity ) to regulate is what i read in the media . 
  clearly so , but what you personally like and what produces the best outcome are not in any way guaranteed to be the same thing . 
   it seems they should have been released legally but the court found a technicality to block their release . 
  the first ( lower ) court ruled that the release of the documents was against the public interest . 
  the * appeal * to a higher court was dismissed on a `` technicality '' - the technicality in question being that the appellants did n't say exactly what they were appealing :  by their first four grounds of appeal , the appellants take issue with different aspects of the general court 's reasoning . 
   however , those grounds do not contain any particulars as to the paragraphs of the judgment under appeal that are allegedly vitiated by an error of law , nor arguments to establish in what respect the general court made such an error . 
  to the extent that the appeal contains , in those grounds of appeal , particulars going beyond a mere statement of the grounds , it merely puts forward claims without providing further explanations . 
  http://curia.europa.eu/juris/document/document.jsf?text=&amp;docid=147801&amp;pageindex=0&amp;doclang=en&amp;mode=req&amp;dir=&amp;occ=first&amp;part=1&amp;cid=497531 i have to say that i would consider that a failure to say what you 're actually appealing is hardly a `` technicality '' , which always sounds like someone forgot to dot an ` i ' and the court seized on that as a way to render an unfair judgement . 
  claiming a court erred in applying the law but not saying how or where , on the other hand , is something that does rather cut to the heart of the idea of an appeal . 
  the appeal was ruled inadmissible because it consisted of little more than `` the lower court is wrong ! '' . 
  and the lower court did n't make its judgement on the basis of a technicality - so claiming that the foi request was blocked on a technicality is false . 
  a court ruled on the basis of public interest ( having seen the documents ) , and an appeal against that judgement was dismissed because bloomberg was unable to say what was actually wrong with it . 
   independent of whom ? 
  independent of government . 
  it 's a pretty well-understood type of institution . 
   what about newspapers that do n't sign up to be regulated in this way ? 
  do you imprison their journalists ? 
  or simply fine them ? 
  `` sign up '' ? 
  it would apply to every mass media outlet - you fine any of them if they 're found against , in the same way you 'd fine them for breaches of any other regulation . 
  sure , that has some obvious potential issues , but it takes a libertarian to pretend that simply leaving it to the market necessarily produces the best possible outcome . 
   it is far better for the masses to decide for themselves what they want to read . 
  the evidence suggests that the * only * option this is better than is full government control , which you appear to be positing as the only other alternative . 
  why not a free press held to account by an independent standards body to which any interested party can apply ? 
   if the peers were looking for sales it 's likely they would try to undermine the credibility of other journalists by pointing out holes in their stories . 
  not if most people liked the story with holes . 
  and the evidence suggests that a lazy story which ticks a bunch of popular cognitive biases is going to beat a painstakingly accurate and counter-intuitive one hands down time after time . 
  most media outlets , on seeing an inaccurate but popular story , respond not by debunking it but by repeating it with added popular bs . 
  debunking happens much later , if at all , and usually in technical low-circulation media . 
   the people that consume media keep media in check . 
  let 's see - proportion of media dedicated to hard fact-checking ... hmm , very low . 
  proportion of media dedicated to celebrities ... very high . 
  proportion of media dedicated to outright lies ... about the same as hard fact-checking . 
  proportion of media happy to repeat outright lies rather than do fact-checking ... very high . 
  not exactly impressive . 
   it still seems unfair to penalize them for making a request in the public interest . 
  unfortunately , the defence usually raised for retaining documents as secret is also the public interest .
