  nobody is being punished . 
  consequences are happening . 
  if the swiss decide to opt out of free movement , they 're basically opting out of the single market , and thus everything single market they 're involved with . 
  if that did n't form part of the referendum campaign , then inadequate research was done about the consequences , or else people had their heads in the sand . 
  you know what they say - `` you can ignore reality , but you can not avoid the consequences of ignoring reality '' . 
  apparently , let them do what they want , and we suck it up . 
   we go by the precaution principle . 
  actually , we generally do n't . 
  i would imagine that literally thousands of scientific innovations are added to the world 's stock of things every year . 
  we do those tests that have been agreed to them , and if they pass , they pass . 
  sure , and i guess a ukip mep would argue that the best interests of * all * his constituents are served by leaving the eu . 
  actually , no matter who gets elected , an elected representative is supposed to represent all the people in their constituency , not just the people who voted for them . 
  not sure . 
  if the parliament got its wish , the member states would be offering asylum , which would have genuine effect . 
  not going to happen , though . 
   conservatives/center-right and even social democrats are saying no . 
  so the only people for this asylum idea is coming from ngl and greens/efa who are currently the minority . 
  good point . 
  and the far right are all nationalists , so i guess they 'd go even further on the `` it 's nothing to do with the eu '' angle . 
  oh , come off it . 
  the phrase `` the more you tighten your grip , the more countries will slip through your fingers '' is undeniably dramatic . 
  how exactly can something `` slip through your fingers '' unless you are grasping it ? 
  same for `` tighten your grip '' . 
  both statements imply an external force holding you against your will . 
  are you really now claiming they do n't have that meaning ? 
  did you just use a phrase that was way more dramatic than you meant in an attempt to be pithy ? 
  do you understand that the swiss public have voted for something that has an impact on an entirely free agreement between their government and an external party , and that the eu is n't `` tightening its grip '' in any sense by stating that if the swiss change the terms of the agreement , the eu also does so ? 
  you either really see this as evil empire ( political empire , perhaps ? ), 
  versus free countries , or you 're easily led astray by a dramatic phrase . 
  well , they can always put forward something after the elections , when there might be less conservative meps . 
  assuming snowden is still alive and has n't taken a flight through shannon airport , obviously . 
   the more you tighten your grip , the more countries will slip through your fingers . 
  you would n't regard this comment as rather existential in political terms ? 
  you apparently regard a country 's membership of ( or treaty with , in this case ) a framework for joint action by european countries as being in the grip of some kind of evil empire , but you do n't see that as maybe just a wee bit `` black and white '' ? 
  btw , not `` absolutist radical '' - i did n't say it , and i would n't even be sure what it 's supposed to mean . 
  i just think that while the eu is a permanently slightly grubby grey , it 's so far from being something that can `` tighten its grip '' and have countries `` slip through its fingers '' that it 's funny . 
  well , laughable , more . 
  not sure where i said anything about what the swiss voted on being wrong . 
  assuming i did because my comment suggested i probably disagreed with your analysis is exactly what i mean about black and white - i failed to agree with you , therefore i 'm an enemy of democracy and object to the swiss vote . 
  but none of that is true , and i do n't fit into your neat little `` enemy of the people '' box . 
  lucky , because there would n't be room to stretch my legs in there - or my mind . 
  yes , did n't think much of the colour scheme there . 
  a coalition government with a majority centre-right partner ought not to be marked in a similar colour to socialist governments . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll pull up the armchair and the brandy at once . 
   what 's with the drama ? 
  many people like their politics in black and white . 
  existential stuff , good against evil . 
  not sure . 
  i think switzerland imports people , then exports the products and services made by those people . 
  it 's an employer , yes , but that 's exactly the aspect that the swiss decision hits . 
  it 's hard to use your employment potential as a bargaining counter in a deal where that 's what you 're taking away from the other party . 
  i think he 's making the point that the eu is no more threatening switzerland with punishment than the uk is threatening scotland with punishment . 
  in both cases all that is being inted out are the legal and logistical consequences of the decisions . 
  the swiss decision has immediate effects that do not wait on the guillotine clause . 
  for example , the eu has stopped electricity market negotiations already , because the future switzerland-eu relationship is now uncertain . 
  after all , when one says one wants to renegotiate a relationship , the existing relationship is by definition cast into jeopardy . 
   that system sounds insane , why is n't the bank independent ? 
  central banks are * politically * independent , which means that their governing statutes state that they should not take orders from the government , and ensure that they can not be pressured by the government in their day to day operation . 
  however , central banks are not independent of their constitutional setting , whether that 's their country or the eu . 
  national central banks have their statutes determined by their national legislatures - not by decision of the government , but by votes of parliament - and are independent only within , and to the extent , laid down by law . 
  in the case of the eu , the ecb is subject primarily to the statutes laid down in the eu treaties , which are approved by the national legislatures and/or referendum in the member states . 
  only within that are they operationally independent , which is why the question of whether the ecb 's omt programme is legal can be referred to the cjeu - the ecb can not just do what it likes , it must be controlled somehow . 
  the seating arrangements are part of that control , and result from the standard national paranoias about decision-making . 
  it took years for the member states to accept that the commission should go to less than one commissioner per country . 
  it 's still a civil dispute , and the same principles apply whatever words you use . 
  if you actually think i think a civil war has started , be comforted . 
  to follow on from your point about ireland , i would n't be impressed to find the eu or the us interfering in our government formation to tip things their way . 
  i 'm not sure why i should be expected to support in the ukraine what i would n't accept for my own country . 
   wait , are we talking about ukraine ? 
  what civil war ? 
  well , the foreplay for one . 
  you do n't think everyone in ukraine supports euromaidan and eu engagement as opposed to russian orbit , do you ? 
  they 're not fighting russia , they 're fighting each other . 
  intervention in civil wars other than to make peace are interventions for your own benefit , not theirs . 
  maybe next time there 's a fight in someone else 's family , i 'll wait and see if they sort it out themselves , sure . 
  because , you know , it 's not my family , and not my fight . 
  no , it 's just an option that requires patience . 
  we 'll see how the active meddling works out . 
  ireland : basically none whatsoever . 
  but then we were outside the roman sphere too . 
  but that 's not the case either . 
  you 're presenting it as if either the eu gets stuck in the way the us wants , or fecks off and takes no part . 
  there are lots of other options - including standing back talking about democracy and peaceful negotiations and ukraine 's bright future in a european partnership . 
  and , you know , maybe not exacerbating the situation by backing our preferred candidate and waiting to see whether the ukrainians can sort it out is more like `` democracy and peaceful negotiations '' anyway . 
  unless you 're cyprus , a london estate agent , or a football club , i do n't think russian/ukrainian oligarch money is a significant decision-making factor . 
  for europe 's politicians , i 'd say not at all ( again , outside cyprus ) , because there are plenty of european oligarchs and companies with deeper pockets . 
  proof of that ? 
  the cyprus bail-in , which , courtesy of the eu , hit russian and ukrainian oligarchs right in the pockets . 
  eu politicians are n't protecting them . 
  not really . 
  the eu is partly hamstrung by the fact that if its component countries ca n't agree on a course of action , then it ca n't act as a bloc , while the individual countries of the eu prefer not to be seen to undercut the possibility of such action by openly acting individually . 
  but , again , there 's kind of an assumption that the eu * should * be actively engaged , and that it will lose something if it is not , or that the eu should get engaged because a proportion of ukrainians want it to be engaged . 
  i 'm not sure that interference in the ukraine is what 's best for the eu , either with respect to itself , or with respect to its dealings with russia . 
  ukraine is n't a prize the eu can necessarily win at this point , or necessarily even a prize at all . 
  it 's unstable , poor , and corrupt - sufficiently poor that it will be a drain on russian resources , not a gain , and russian/domestic economic management is n't about to turn it into some kind of eastern wirtschaftswunder . 
  i 'm not sure who gains from helping push things in the direction of a severe east-west divide in the ukraine . 
  i do n't see that the eu does , and i do n't see that ukraine does either . 
  as to russia flexing its muscles in its former colonies - well , why would n't it ? 
  what 's france doing but the same ?
