  much has been made of the fact that these funds were holding greek government debt come the writedown - where do people think they got it from ? 
   wow , hold on . 
  back-door bailout did happen . 
  how can you otherwise explain that claims of german banks in 2010 in greece , italy , portugal and spain amounted to more than 350 billion euros ( which was roughly the size of their total capitalization ) and as if september 2014 its 216 billion euros ( 46 % of their total capitalization ) ? 
  source first , as the source actually states , that was not the exposure to either sovereign debt or bank debt - it was :  its banks ' claims on greece , italy , portugal and spain -- ** including money lent to governments and companies ** -- amounted to more than 350 billion euros ( $ 400 billion ) , about equal to all the capital in the german banking system . 
  in other words , that was the total amount on loan by any german bank to * anyone at all * in the periphery countries in 2010 . 
  how has it reduced to $ 216 billion in 2014 ? 
  very simply , by not lending any more . 
  my bank loaned me $ 7,000 in 2010 , and i now owe it $ 2,000 or so . 
  did my bank get a bailout in that time !? 
  no , i repaid it what i owed it according to the agreed schedule , and it did not lend me any more . 
   it might just be perspectives like this again , the point that the greek bailout `` went into the private sector '' is a fine piece of smoke and mirrors . 
  of course it went into the financial sector , because that 's who the greek governments were borrowing money from . 
  the greek government did n't owe money to banks because the bank fairy had one day left an iou under their pillow - it owed them money because it borrowed lots of money from them and spent it on stuff the greek government wanted to spend it on . 
  that 's why the bailout money does n't go `` to the greek people '' - because the greek people had * already * spent it . 
  every bit of bailout money that `` goes to the financial sector '' is going to repay greek debt , that the greek government ran up buying stupidly large quantities of military equipment , or used to patch the holes left by not collecting taxes , or to pay the hazardous-duty early pensions of hairdressers . 
  to use a homely analogy , imagine i had borrowed $ 9,000 from my bank to buy a new car . 
  then i find i 'm stuck , and ca n't make the repayments , plus i have $ 1,000 in other expenses i ca n't cover . 
  you , my friend , loan me $ 10,000 as a ` bailout ' , and we agree i 'll pay it back next year . 
  to reassure you i 'll be able to repay you , i agree i wo n't go on holiday this year . 
  i then decide i do n't really want to repay you next year ( or maybe ever ) , and in explaining myself to our mutual friends i describe the situation like this : 90 % of your loan was n't to me anyway , but to the `` financial sector '' , who `` recklessly lent '' me the $ 9k for my car - they should never have been paid back at all !, 
  and * i * `` only got 10 % of the money '' , so it 's surely unfair i have to pay it all back !, 
  plus , * you * knew how strapped i was for cash , so you 're a fucking reckless lender too , you bank-bailing-out bastard . 
  anyway , i 'm going on holiday . 
  to greece . 
  i find the greek people * muy sympatico * , see . 
   with that kind of money , all the greek banks should belong to the state now . 
  you do have to wonder why they do n't . 
  the still-extant irish banks basically do ( not bank of ireland ) . 
   the value of the bonds that they off-loaded was ... guess what ... $ 110bn . 
  did you actually believe that all the disagreements and conflict was because greece owed a few billions of euros to german and french banks ? 
  where do you think all these 100s of billions of euros go ? 
  spent on souvlaki and ouzo in greece ? 
  where does one start ? 
  hmm . 
  ok , first , when the article says :  by this stage , the imf , eu and ecb had been bailing out these reckless lenders for the previous two years what is meant by that is that the troika had been repaying on greece 's behalf debts that greece had run up with banks . 
  the people who greece borrowed from are being characterised as `` reckless lenders '' ... why ? 
  they made loans to a government which was claiming , with all the authority of a government , that things were ok , and which was at that time repaying its debts . 
  buying government bonds is not `` reckless lending '' - on the contrary , holdings of government bonds are characteristic of the most conservative and boring lenders . 
  the only reason for describing these institutions as `` reckless lenders '' is to malign them , and to pretend that greek debts have nothing really to do with greece . 
  after all , if we characterised greece 's lenders as `` honest lenders '' , it 's suddenly much harder to make a greek default sound like anything other than what it is , which is stiffing people who loaned money in good faith and the entirely reasonable expectation of getting it back after a period of boringly regular and relatively small interest payments . 
  second :  none of the debts owed to the public institutions were included in the debt reduction . 
  why would they be ? 
  that 's money loaned by governments , by other taxpayers , to the greeks , to pay greek debts . 
   where do you think all these 100s of billions of euros go ? 
  spent on souvlaki and ouzo in greece ? 
  and lastly - yes , that 's where that money went . 
  sure , not directly , because the bailout money primarily goes into repaying greek * debt * . 
  but , you know , debt does n't just spring into being without someone having borrowed and spent it - and in this case , that 's * greece * . 
  the reason most of the money goes on debt repayment is because the greek government * already spent it * . 
  so this :  $ 149.2 billion has been spent on paying the original debts and interest from reckless lenders . 
  this means less than 10 % of the money has reached the people of greece . 
  omg that sounds awful , boohoo , poor greeks , they 're obviously being hard done by . 
  no , rubbish - what it means is that 90 % of the money is going towards paying for what the greek people * already * got , and the other 10 % is giving them * fresh * money to spend . 
   governments should have let the banks go bankrupt . 
   the government of greece rescued the banks , passed the debt directly to the tax payer , and now `` you better pay up , or else '' . 
  this is n't what happened in greece . 
  the debts of greece were greek government debts , not bank debts - greek banks were fine until they were forced to write down their greek government debt holdings . 
  the greek government did n't rescue them , and could n't have afforded to . 
   cough ... cough you forgot the part where they transfer the greek debt from banks ( mainly german/french ) to eurozone countries . 
  no haircut , not anything ... maybe because that 's not what happened . 
  what happened was that market lenders stopped lending to greece , so the troika stepped in to loan them $ 110 billion in may 2010 . 
  the troika then discovered things were even worse than that , so they loaned them a further $ 130 billion . 
  they also forced a writedown on those private sector lenders who held greek government debt - making them accept longer paybacks times , lower interest rates , and a haircut of 53 % of value . 
  that wrote off $ 100 billion of greek government debt . 
  german banks at the time had $ 7.9 billion in greek government debt , french banks $ 9.4 billion , other european banks another $ 28.5 billion ( [ figures can be found here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jun/17/greece-debt-crisis-bank-exposed ) ) . 
  the main holders of greek government debt were actually * greek * banks with $ 46 billion - if you include greek-cypriot and cypriot banks , that figure rises to $ 50.9 billion . 
  much of the rest of the debt was held by - again primarily greek - institutional investors like pension funds . 
  how all that translates to your view that `` they transfer the greek debt from banks ( mainly german/french ) to eurozone countries '' i have no idea . 
  the troika did include a $ 48 billion bailout loan to greek banks affected by the writedown ( since they 'd otherwise collapse ) , but nobody compensated german or french ( or other eu ) banks unless their own governments did - in which case , they were effectively giving yet more money to greece by paying off the debts greece owed to their banks . 
  which does demonstrate beyond a doubt that the uk has always known its system is stacked against minority representation . 
   anyone know the reason why almost every other european government agreed that proportional representation was a better system and the uk is still stuck with this ? 
  because europe is * always * wrong ... 
  no , not surprised , but that does n't make it the right thing to have done . 
  it 's not as if the measures are the only reason the country is in crisis , and nobody else is willing to lend to greece at anything approaching an affordable rate , so greece has n't had at any point the option to spend its way through the crisis , let alone out of it . 
  greece has only two options - to suffer austerity with external assistance and some hope of reform , or to suffer it without either . 
  not suffering is not an option that 's available , because neither the greeks nor anybody else can afford to pay for that option . 
  electing a government that refuses to accept that is hardly surprising given greece 's record , but it 's not actually some kind of triumph . 
   the greek government are blaming the creditors , creditors are blaming the greek government . 
  they 're both right in their own way . 
  they 're only `` both right '' if we take the perspective that the creditors ' requirements are * impossible * rather than that the greek government does n't want to do them . 
  otherwise it just looks like the greek government wo n't do what the only people who 'll lend it the money it needs are asking in exchange , and are blaming the people offering them money for setting conditions they do n't like . 
  that 's pretty much a one-sided problem . 
  are the creditors ' requirements actually impossible ? 
  it seems unlikely , given that the creditors do want their money back - unless we assume , as the greek government has certainly claimed , that the aim of the requirements is really some kind of ( very expensive ) evil plot . 
  to be honest , that seems like hysterical bs being opted for because the alternative is to admit that the requirements are n't impossible . 
  another , kinder , way of putting `` syriza do n't want to do them '' is , of course , that the requirements are possible , but that syriza feels they * ca n't * carry them out for political reasons . 
  in which case , syriza 's correct option is to stand down and help create the political possibility of doing them . 
  i do n't see much sign of that . 
   things are n't the same now . 
  because greece now blames even * more * people for their downfall ? 
   if i was greek - the new drachma could not come fast enough . 
  it 'll move pretty fast if it comes . 
   my thoughts exactly . 
  they seem to have absolutely no idea what 's going on in greece or what measures the greek government has taken already . 
  it would seem to be up to the greek government to demonstrate that those reforms have in fact been undertaken , surely ? 
   or the prospective shill responds to an online recruitment advert . 
  there are agencies that recruit people to promote the interests of corporations by manipulating social media . 
  that 's more likely , because it gets the willing to approach you , but it 's likely to result in a rash of new accounts , for the reasons discussed above . 
  the other thing is that what counts is quantity , not quality - have a read of the stuff about the `` kremlin 's troll army '' - from a pr perspective , what matters more is not cunningly refuting the arguments of critics on a one-to-one basis , but putting out as many ` message ' statements as possible .
