  laws must be made , laws must be applied , public services must be funded and run , decisions must be made about the use of resources at levels from the strategic to the detailed , relations with other states must be managed , problems must be tackled , and so on . 
  and someone must do these various things . 
  a fundamental assumption underlying the constitutional architecture of a democratic state is that left to their own devices , the people who do these things will entrench themselves and their preferred heirs in their positions , and use these positions to their own advantage , avoiding the detriment of the general public only to the extent necessary to avoid revolution . 
  they will become an aristocracy , and the state an oligarchy - and probably from time to time a tyranny of some kind when one strong individual captures the levers of the state . 
  democratic states therefore have a set of checks and balances , particularly separations of powers , which seem designed to be awkward - as indeed they are , because they are intended partly to slow down the process of government to allow the people to influence it . 
  the most fundamental set of checks to oligarchy in a democratic state is the right of the people to decide questions of policy directly themselves , or to decide who will decide them on their behalf . 
  without this right , a state can not be democratic . 
  the second most fundamental level is the separation of powers . 
  this means that the laws are created by a body representing the people ( the legislature ) , not by the sitting government ( the executive ) , and applied by judges ( the judiciary ) who are independent of the sitting government . 
  in theory , then , the executive proposes laws , the legislature creates laws , and the judiciary applies laws . 
  the executive also makes all the day to day decisions ( in detail via a permanent civil service ) - but the important thing is that they can only do so within the framework of law created and applied independently of them . 
  so , while we can elect an executive - directly or indirectly - and do so on the basis of their proposed set of policies , once they are elected they should automatically , as part of the ordinary workings of a democratic state , be * presumed * to be likely to be working for their own interests rather than those of the public . 
  that is why they are to be corralled by laws not made or applied by them , because they are automatically under suspicion . 
  that is also why the legislature , as directly elected by people , have the right to unseat a sitting executive through motions of recall or non-confidence . 
  it should be obvious from that that it does n't actually matter much whether you elect an executive directly , or indirectly , or just appoint people ( technocratic government ) , because the mechanism by which the executive is held accountable - the judiciary and the legislature - remain the same in every case , and the suspicion with which they should be treated should also be the same in every case . 
  there 's actually quite a good argument for technocratic government , which is that members of the executive then have no mandate independent of the legislature , and therefore ca n't ever argue that they are themselves as representative as the legislature . 
  unfortunately , party politics seem to be an inevitable result of being human , and are very damaging to the separation between the legislature and the executive . 
  what tends to happen , as we all know , is that executives are formed usually by members of a particular party with a majority of the seats in the legislature . 
  that then means that the executive has a built-in majority in the legislature , and depending on the extent of the freedom given to individual legislators by their party in voting , may well have a guaranteed rubber stamp and no possibility of recall . 
  in the irish system , for example , every vote , no matter how trivial , requires government party members to vote as they 're told or face expulsion from the party - the result of which is that the irish government never ever loses votes in the legislature , and can govern unchecked except for the basic law in the constitution . 
  so real democratic systems are built around the notions that the people will not want to make all the decisions , that someone must do so , and that the someone who does so must be considered suspect and held accountable to the people directly and/or to their elected representatives . 
  the various checks and balances required to make this work against the fact that the executive actually have their hands on the levers of power require constant and vigilant defence because they are always amenable to erosion in the name of efficiency , party loyalty , or cost cutting - but it is rarely a good idea to give any of them up . 
  actually , the likely abolition of the irish upper house is a good example of where the naive view of democracy clashes with functional systems of democracy - its current state , on the other hand , is a good example of the difference between the theory and practice of the latter . 
  the upper house is not `` undemocratic '' except in the most naive conception of democracy ( that is , one person one vote on everything as an absolute binary yardstick ) . 
  it has a limited electorate , which if democracy is being observed , should mean a limited mandate - that is , it should have only weak powers . 
  this is the case - the seanad exists as a talking shop whose only legislative power is delay . 
  they can propose amendments to legislation , but their proposals are voted on by the lower house . 
  what the irish upper house is * supposed * to be is exactly what has been suggested here several times . 
  they are supposed to represent specific important sectors of irish society who might be supposed to have a technical input to legislation , and whose interests are most likely to be strongly impacted by the general run of legislation . 
  so there is an agriculture ` panel ' to which 11 senators are elected , an ` administrative ' panel ( representing the interests of the public service ) to which 7 senators are elected , an ` industry ' panel to which 9 are elected and so on . 
  the university panels exist to give a ` liberally educated ' voice . 
  the panels are supposed to be filled by experts in the relevant fields . 
  these panels , bar the university ones , are elected by mps and county councillors - who have been elected in turn by the general public . 
  so while the electorate is restricted , it is universal by proxy for the majority of senators . 
  in fact , it is more universal than the electorate for the taoiseach ( prime minister ) who is elected solely by the votes of the lower house , and who forms the government . 
  so in theory , the upper house consists of an expert scrutiny body with a balance of the major special interests in the country whose ability to debate , delay , and amend legislation from the lower house adds to the quality of irish legislation . 
  they have a limited electorate , thus a limited mandate , and so limited powers . 
  in practice , unfortunately , an electorate consisting of mps and councillors results in the upper house being largely a parking place for failed politicians who then vote according to their party division in the lower house . 
  this , along with the government 's power to appoint 11 senators , makes the upper house generally a cipher , with the exception of one or two notable characters who slip through the net . 
  and it 's unlikely to be abolished even on the basis that its legislative role is superfluous , but on the spurious basis that it will save a bit of money - that 's according to current public opinion research . 
  it may seem that a talking shop with a limited electorate has no real role to play in a democracy , but in fact a central and permanent talking shop is important , because it feeds the media , who in turn feed public opinion . 
  the lower house should perform this role ( under the irish whip system , where every vote is guaranteed to go the government , it 's the only role they play ) , but unfortunately the government also have the power in the lower house either to truncate debate by use of a ` guillotine ' , or to avoid it entirely by use of fiat legislation called statutory instruments , and recent governments have made increasingly heavy use of both these mechanisms to avoid debate in the lower house - probably 75 % of irish legislation goes through on one or other of these mechanisms . 
  that 's important , because the only real opposition to government action in ireland comes not from the legislature but from informed public opinion - and it 's hard for public opinion to be informed without debate . 
  so in fact what is happening is that on the basis of a spurious claim of saving money by the government , the irish public will vote for being a little less informed in advance about government legislation , and democracy will be reduced a little bit . 
  not a lot , mind you , but we do n't have a lot . 
  apologies for the length and the tangential relationship with the op !, 
  i think the distinction there is actually between a solution which involves purely political considerations and one which gives primacy to technical considerations . 
  personally , i 'd say that the idea of purely technical solution is a bit of a chimera . 
  there 's almost invariably more than one way to `` solve '' an issue , and the decision on which one to adopt is rarely so clear-cut as to not be open to political preference . 
  there is such a thing - the acquis communitaire - but i suspect only iceland of the possible candidate countries would exceed the minimum requirements . 
  nope , gave up . 
  it took so long to get through the questions that it had forgotten my answers to the first few . 
  when i went back to do them there was no way to get to the result except by going through all the questions again . 
  i did n't . 
   as evidence of the toxic effects of fluoridation of the water supply in ireland mounts i 'm sorry , there is no such mounting evidence about fluoride toxicity . 
  there is no new research or health studies on fluoride fueling the current ( very mild ) flap in certain quarters . 
  as a long-term green voter , i wish the party would stay well clear of this anti-scientific garbage - there are plenty enough real issues demanding attention . 
  i used to love the fact that you 'd see people at anti-apartheid rallies in ireland ( back in the day ) , and then see the same faces protesting an attempt to `` settle '' travellers too close to them for comfort . 
  you should check history , i think . 
  referendums have a very chequered past . 
  in the meantime , i wo n't bother correcting your misquotes , but perhaps you could check them too , rather than getting them third-hand . 
  i could equally well point out that you prefer emotive rhetoric , misinformation , and populism to constitutional balance . 
  hardly surprising we 're on opposite sides , since the latter is intended as a defence against the former . 
  but , you know , doing away with those boring legal technicalities is the first step to tyranny , not a defence of democracy . 
  i hope you 'll have a think about that . 
  you 're ignoring the point that there are only two legal triggers for referendums in all the member states . 
  one of them was triggered , one of them was not . 
  all the rest of the bluster about `` subverting democracy through sinister legal moves '' boils down to not accepting that demonstrable fact . 
  nobody promised to hold referendums for lisbon ( sarkozy specifically promised not to ) , only two countries could have been legally required to do so - one of them decided to hold it without referring the question to the courts , the other referred the question to the courts and the courts ruled a referendum was n't needed . 
  and only the same two countries could ever have been required to hold referendums on the constitution . 
  lisbon was n't a sneaky rewrite of the constitution to avoid referendums , because in 25 out of 27 countries , there was nothing to avoid . 
  the referendums for the constitution were a pr exercise , not a legal necessity . 
  you 're building a case on nothing at all , because you 're not aware of the facts . 
  they 're available to you , though - just go look through the constitutions of the member states . 
  until you have the facts , you can bluster away until you 've gone bluer without making anything like a case to answer . 
  nope . 
  your interpretation of democracy is restricted to `` people voting en masse '' ( well , as long as they vote the way you want ) , but democracy is actually a system of voting governed by the legal technicalities you only like when they 're in your favour ( such as the `` only one country to block '' legalism ) . 
  as for `` moral '' - i already made the point that anyone telling me how to vote is immoral , and so it is . 
  you are one of those people , and your attempt to tell me how to vote is no better than anyone else 's attempt to do so . 
  it 's funny that you do so on the basis of a solidarity you do n't actually recognise , though . 
  shrug . 
  again , you 're simply wrong . 
  only two eu states even have a legal trigger for a referendum - denmark and ireland . 
  in every other state referendums are non-binding political pr exercises - bar france , where they 're a binding political pr exercise . 
  so * only * in denmark and ireland can an eu treaty trigger an obligatory referendum , and only where it 's determined that the treaty impacts sovereignty . 
  in denmark , the constitution would have had a referendum , but their * courts * - not their politicians - ruled that lisbon did not . 
  in ireland , it was n't put to the courts , because the politicians decided to hold a referendum as usual rather than run the risk of the courts ruling it required on after the fact as they originally did with the sea . 
  that means of the two legal triggers that actually exist for referendums in the eu , lisbon triggered one , and was judged in a constitutional court not to trigger the other . 
  so the claim that `` everyone agreed the powers were such that they warranted a referendum '' is n't a `` quote '' , but made-up bollox that suits your agenda . 
  there 's no `` they '' to agree such a general principle as `` the powers justify a referendum '' , there 's no * way * to agree it , and it 's not even * possible * for it to be true in 25 out of 27 member states . 
  but , hey , i somehow think that 's not going to make you drop the claim . 
  the use of referendums for the constitution was a pr exercise intended to show `` european solidarity '' - again , only in denmark , france , and ireland could the result have been legally binding , and in many states there was n't going to be even a non-binding referendum because those states have rather painful memories of referendums ( particularly germany and italy ) . 
  sure , it was indeed decided not to try the same thing a second time , but it was n't a case of sneaking the constitution through legal triggers by rebadging it lisbon , but of not engaging in a rather hubristic bit of pr . 
  you can not sneak something through legal triggers that do n't exist . 
  all of this goes whoosh , apparently . 
  you prefer cherry-picked ` quotes ' which are actually your interpretation ( or someone else 's ) of partial quotes , and you know nothing at all about the constitutional architecture of other european countries - which is slightly sad given that 's what you 're theoretically dedicated to preserving from the ravages of the eu , although i guess you 'd say that it 's up to them to defend their own democracy ... except where by doing so they might benefit you , in which case it becomes a ` solidarity ' issue suddenly . 
  as to the outcome of referendums - again , i 'm afraid a referendum only answers the question on the paper . 
  nobody - least of all a foreign observer like yourself - can say the `` french and the dutch ended up having powers taken from them they had clearly said they did n't want to hand over '' because that 's an interpretation of the result that suits your agenda . 
  all they said was `` no '' - `` why not '' is n't on the ballot paper . 
  anyways , we do n't seem likely to change each other 's minds .
