  and only if companies are serving society is your description of them as `` our companies '' meaningful - otherwise they are anything but `` ours '' . 
  edit : interesting - apparently reddit does not want to hear those arguments . 
  ... or the eu could make legislation on a social issue where companies wo n't otherwise do anything , and leave competitiveness to companies , who profit by being competitive . 
  no , disliking different cultures is xenophobic - pretty much the definition , in fact . 
  you 're thinking of genocide . 
   all commissioners are also considered a representative of their respective government ... so that 's not really a good way to prevent national meddling . 
  commissioners are n't national representatives - they are barred by virtue of their office from taking any national direction . 
  it was a concern , originally , but the commission has n't engaged in national meddling , which is why the member state governments were willing to drop the idea of one country one commissioner at lisbon . 
   in addition , the commission is smaller than the parliament , so pet projects are more likely there , not less , since individuals have greater weight . 
  there i 'd agree with you , and i think i put it rather badly . 
  the ` pet projects ' are , however , european pet projects rather than national or politically inclined ones . 
   i 'm a bit concerned about ... just to give every country a commissioner . 
  the commission was supposed to be reduced under lisbon to less than a commissioner per country , but i 'm afraid the popular ( mis ) understanding of commissioners tends towards viewing them as national representatives , so there 's resistance to that coming from the public rather than the member states or the commission . 
  i agree with the point about the parliament . 
  currently there 's a tendency to send second-raters to the parliament , but if the parliament were a stronger focus for political activity , i suppose that would change for the better . 
  i 'm not sure about `` checks and balances on behalf of the national governments be gathered in a second legislative body , a higher house '' - that 's already the case , and that role is played by the council , which has the national checks and balances and forms an upper house . 
  the european council , in turn , forms a sort of upper upper house ( royalty ? ), 
  - it 's not always possible to draw parallels with other systems !, 
  yeah , it 's more like proportional to the square root of population , so smaller countries are strongly over-represented . 
  germany has 1 mep per 832,000 citizens , malta has 1 mep per 80,000 . 
  if we had a fixed number of citizens/mep - say 400,000 - then malta would have 1 mep ( has 5 now ) , and germany would have 205 ( has 99 now ) . 
  i 'm happier with the idea that the council and the parliament can both request the commission to draft legislation , and that the commission acts as an expert and non-political filter . 
  legislative initiative is largely misunderstood , i think . 
  with the exception of a few * very * limited technical areas where the commission acts as a trades standard body , all eu legislation has to go through the council and ( increasingly but not totally ) the parliament - which means that there 's no point the commission putting forward legislation those democratic bodies wo n't accept . 
  as such , the commission does n't bother proposing legislation without knowing there 's support for it - usually by receiving a request to create it from one or other democratic body . 
  as such , the commission 's right of initiative acts really as a brake on creating eu legislation , rather than as a source for it . 
  it means that eu legislation has to have a real european dimension and need , rather than being , for example , the pet project of cohn-bendit or the maltese government . 
  true , that gives european legislation a bland technocratic feel , and maybe the time for that is over - maybe pet projects and politically motivated legislation red in tooth and claw would motivate europeans to engage with the eu as a political project rather than an elite-driven technocratic regulator . 
  i doubt the legislative outcomes would be better , but the political outcome might be . 
  true , but luxembourg also has the eib , the court of auditors , the secretariat of the parliament , the second seat of the council ( april , june , october ) , the translation service , and parts of the commission . 
  there are other countries besides france that may block this . 
  in particular , luxembourg , which has a number of eu bodies on its soil , does n't want a treaty discussion that might see a rationalisation of institutional locations . 
  that 's not quite true . 
  first , it 's if ( inflation + economic growth ) * together * are higher than bond rates that the debt burden effectively shrinks . 
  it does n't require inflation alone to be higher . 
  second , as long as you pay the interest on the existing debt , it does n't grow , which means that courtesy of ( inflation + economic growth ) it shrinks in real terms . 
  it 's true that if you ca n't keep up with the interest payments on your debt then the debt will grow , but even then , if you manage to keep the rate of debt growth lower than ( inflation + economic growth ) you 're still looking at automatically shrinking debt . 
  well , yes - that 's because we 'd just done the equivalent of tossing a firecracker into the european banking house of cards . 
  our blanket guarantee sucked deposits out of other countries ' banks at a time when they were all suffering instability due to loss of deposits . 
  the reason that most of europe followed us in introducing bank guarantees was to offset the effects of ours on their banks , and the reason , as far as i can make out , why our government did n't consult with anyone before introducing our blanket guarantee was to get the drop on them . 
  if you want to know why our government is n't somehow able to get whatever it wants from the rest of the eu because we `` saved their banks '' , it 's because the only thing we ever saved their banks from was us . 
  fortunately , things have settled down somewhat since then - we 've agreed to play nicely with the other kids , and they 've agreed to play nicely with us . 
  but in the early days of the crisis , pretty much every european government reacted selfishly , and it took time for everyone to accept that joint solutions were better solutions . 
  i 'm not sure you 've followed your own logic there . 
  it was `` an irish solution to an irish problem '' because our government thought of it and pulled it off without any outside consultation , never mind pressure . 
  so it became our debt because * our * government made it so . 
  nor did anyone else get their banks bailed out by some central european fund . 
  like ours , their bailouts have consisted of loans to the sovereign , who then bailed out their banks or subsidised their deficit with it . 
  the esm , which is the european fund you 're thinking of , does not take on bank debt directly as yet , and wo n't until other criteria have been met :  the european stability mechanism could eventually be used to directly recapitalize banks once a single banking supervisor is established and national and euro area rules have been changed accordingly , european union finance ministers reaffirmed in a statement friday ( 15-11-2013 ) . 
  nor is it `` too late '' for a central european bank rescue fund to take over some of the burden of our bank debt - if it 's decided that the esm fund should take over bank recaps retrospectively , then it will do that . 
  nope , there 's a lot of truth in that . 
  as long as everything feels ok , it might as well really * be * ok as far as the present is concerned . 
  does n't fix anything , does n't cover us against future explosions of the world financial system , admittedly , but you ca n't have * everything * . 
  yep . 
  apparently people manage to forget that when ff put the blanket guarantee in place , they thought it was very clever , and made no bones about the fact that they 'd cocked a snook at the rest of europe by doing it - `` an act of economic nationalism '' , lenihan called it , making out that ff were n't the people to let the eu fuddy-duddies stand in the way when the chips were down . 
  except that , hey , it turned out to be really unpopular - about the time of the bailout , funnily enough - and suddenly the claim surfaced that the nasty ecb had made them do it really . 
  since they managed to get that exculpatory story into people 's heads , the people who wanted not to blame ff ( and the people who prefer to blame the eu ) have latched onto it , despite a complete absence of proof and the original statements by ff . 
  they 've been paying for the state support provided by the two guarantees - the original blanket guarantee , and the subsequent elg :  the seven irish banks covered by the two guarantee schemes introduced by the government in 2008 and 2009 have so far paid $ 3.36 billion in fees to the exchequer , new figures have shown . 
  that 's from gavan reilly at the journal : http://www.thejournal.ie/government-fees-bank-guarantee-626980-oct2012/, 
   we 're still fecked in case anybody 's wondering , the government is putting on a great show to get the markets to lend to us again , but we took on an unsustainable mountain of debt to bail out the banks , and that continues to grow albeit at a slower pace now . 
  the bank debt 's not growing , even slowly . 
  in fact , you could sort of say it 's shrinking , because the banks have been paying money into the exchequer . 
  what 's growing is the debt resulting from the deficit - while the deficit is shrinking , it 's still adding to debt . 
  it 's one currency , notes the same everywhere , coins with identical denominator / ` tails ' sides ( 5c , 10c , $ 1 , $ 2 etc ) and different national symbology on the other , ` heads ' side . 
  if you have a handful of euro coins you can count the countries - i currently have in my pocket mostly irish , plus belgian , dutch , french , spanish , greek , and i think one portugese - but they all spend the same . 
  sure - many a mickle makes a muckle , as they say . 
  if i thought i knew the market , and judged that the small extra premium was a good balance for the risk , i 'd do it . 
  peripheral sovereign debt had n't much margin over core , courtesy of the famous and unexpected `` euro convergence '' . 
  i take your point , but the statement as supplied is wrong , and the implication of not having fully researched the issue remains the same . 
  and avoid the various traps provided by simplistic narratives about how if germany has a trade surplus german banks need somewhere to park the money . 
  the point about leveraging is that money is n't like water in a pipe - there 's no `` put x in , x must come out '' about it . 
   the german banks were particularly exposed in spain , italy and ireland . 
  this is repeated everywhere , and is simply wrong . 
  german banks had a large `` exposure '' to their own subsidiaries in the irish ifsc , not to * irish * banks at all . 
  that may sound like a quibble , but to me it indicates someone who has n't done any of their own research , and has built their analysis on top of media factoids they have n't bothered checking the truth of . 
  krugman suffers from much the same problem . 
   as a small island they could afford that because it did n't endanger the financial system . 
  they are n't doing fantastically either right now . 
  more that their banks were 10 times the size of their economy , so they had no choice . 
  had they been able to save them , the pm at the time said , they would have done so . 
  well , first off , eliminating all errors from a system comprising millions of payments through a multiplicity of mechanisms is hard , not easy . 
  it 's harder because , as said , it mostly goes through national civil services , and requires them to be held to ( usually ) higher standards than they are for national affairs . 
  if you take comparable types of system , such as the uk 's benefits system , you 'll find similar rates of error - for example : overall error rates : * 0.7 % , or # 1.2 bn , of total benefit expenditure is overpaid due to fraud ; * 0.9 % , or # 1.6 bn , of total benefit expenditure is overpaid due to claimant error ; * 0.4 % , or # 0.7 bn , of total benefit expenditure is overpaid due to official error . 
  * 0.6 % , or # 0.9 bn , of total benefit expenditure is underpaid due to claimant error ; * 0.3 % , or # 0.5 bn , of total benefit expenditure is underpaid due to official error . 
  key findings for the individual benefits that are measured on a continuous basis are that : * 4.6 % , or # 250m , of income support expenditure ( # 5.5 bn ) was overpaid ; * 4.2 % , or # 220m , of jobseeker 's allowance expenditure ( # 5.3 bn ) was overpaid ; * 5.5 % , or # 420m , of pension credit expenditure ( # 7.6 bn ) was overpaid ; fraud and error in the benefit system : preliminary 2012/13 estimates ( great britain ) * 5.3 % , or # 1,270 m , of housing benefit expenditure ( # 23.8 bn ) was overpaid . 
  * 1.1 % , or # 60m , of income support expenditure ( # 5.5 bn ) was underpaid ; * 0.3 % , or # 10m , of jobseeker 's allowance expenditure ( # 5.3 bn ) was underpaid ; * 2.1 % , or # 160m , of pension credit expenditure ( # 7.6 bn ) was underpaid ; * 1.3 % , or # 300m , of housing benefit expenditure ( # 23.8 bn ) was underpaid . 
  those are official estimates from the uk dept of work & pensions . 
  and , importantly , those are estimates from the uk , which is pretty good about such things . 
  eu money also flows out through greece , and bulgaria , and a heap of other countries whose traditional attitudes to these things is rather less diligent than the uk 's . 
  so if the uk has an error rate in national benefits spending of 2.9 % as per the above , what would you imagine that of greece or italy might be ? 
  an error rate across the eu of 4-5 % in that context is probably something of an achievement , particularly when you consider that the eu 's definition of `` material error '' includes not only the type of error recorded in the uk as above , but errors which do n't even result in under or over payment . 
  as to whether the member states should have spotted these errors , the eu 's auditors say :  for the majority of transactions affected by error in the shared management areas ( e.g. 
  agriculture and cohesion ) , the member states authorities had sufficient information available to have detected and corrected the errors . 
  as to how it 's not the rules that if there are material errors the payments should stop ... well , who makes the rules for the eu ? 
  the answer is the member states . 
  and , funnily enough , they do n't seem to want to stop their payments because they have n't made their civil servants be sufficiently careful with eu money . 
  ca n't imagine why . 
  true enough , but i would say that the problem is not so much that the claims were made , but that the government were unable to refute them . 
  by which i mean not so much that they were therefore * believed * , because i do n't think they were taken at face value by any means , but that the government was visibly so unfamiliar with the treaty , and uncertain of what was in it , that they were n't able to muster confident contradictions to even the most visibly outrageous claims . 
  and that is , i think , very important to the public when voting in referendums .
