  possibly because all the current chaos have crashed everything , but that is just a momentary state of things . 
  see other reply . 
  for a bit of a balanced read , i 'd suggest this : http://www.irishexaminer.com/viewpoints/analysis/differing-narratives-leave-greece-and-eurozone-divided-341718.html, 
   well possibly , but no wonder with the current unsettled situation which ca n't be good for business . 
  but presumably they would be able to create a new primary surplus once all the current chaos has settled down . 
  maybe : http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2015/02/16/greece-still-has-a-vast-problem-it-doesnt-have-a-primary-budget-surplus/ if the reason the primary surplus disappeared before the election was because of the promises syriza made to drop certain taxes , then dropping those taxes is government policy , and it 's hard to see where the primary surplus comes from except going back on election promises - which may not work out well . 
  generally , i 'd be a little bit dubious about the existence of this primary surplus . 
  the 2013 budget surplus turned out to be a statistical mirage ( as detailed by varoufakis , in opposition at the time ) , and i 'm not sure that the 2014 one was n't as well . 
  and , importantly , if greece really has/had a primary surplus , it would have had a lot more leverage in negotiations than it has acted as if it had . 
  but they * are * borrowing new money . 
  lots of new money . 
  no , they did have a primary surplus , they do n't now . 
  but their interest bill is n't all that high , and is not going to foreign banks . 
   it exposes a flaw in the way the eu is run . 
  well , it exposes the deepest contradiction in the eu , which is that it 's a structure created by and for the individual member states as a joint effort at permanent cooperation . 
  but every cooperative group has that tension between individual priorities and group priorities . 
  the main optical problem in this crisis has been that the solutions required have gone well beyond the 1 % of eu gdp that the member states devote to the eu , but the theatre of resolution has been `` the eu '' , so we 've had a lot of national politics wearing eu clothes . 
  while you 're hitting them , do n't forget to read the treaty - you 'll find in it a very clear stipulation that member states will not be responsible for each others ' debts . 
  and yes , that would include lending a shed-load of money to another member state and then writing it off . 
  trying to make the other ez nations responsible for greece 's debts via treaty commitments to solidarity wo n't work when that particular view of solidarity is expressly denied in the same treaty . 
  greece knows this , because greece is a party to that treaty . 
  but being bankrupt comes with a lot of strings attached . 
   it 's unthinkable that us in ireland would crash our economy to greek levels just to get a debt reduction . 
  i do n't think we would ask for a debt reduction outright , but ( a ) we would put pressure on behind the scenes , and ( b ) a greek debt reduction would let the irish left make a lot of headway on claims that the government * should * have asked for one . 
  keeping sf at bay for the irish government is n't the eu 's business , of course , but `` the eu '' in these negotiations is the council of member state governments , and that reflects the concerns of those governments . 
   if lenders had been on their toes , greece would never have been allowed to loan as much money in the first place as they were . 
  are n't these the same lenders you expect to keep greece on its toes ? 
   and then let greece manage its own affairs , loan its own money on the free market and let the market put pressure on greece to behave responsibly . 
   of course there will be consequences . 
  greece will surely pay sky-high rates on the market for any new loans they want to take . 
  which would mean brutal austerity in greece ( the gap between what greece could afford to borrow and what the greek economy needs in subsidies would be as large as with the troika , probably larger ) , a humanitarian disaster , and the expectation that the rest of the eu would step in . 
  so we 'd be back where we are . 
   so i guess if one wants to punish a country , he or she should go full machiavellian . 
  so ... germany would have been completely foched ? 
   people can not understand the fact that greece can not devaluate with euros is the problem . 
  devaluation is what is needed . 
  the only real research shows that even with 60 % devaluation , inflationary pressures are negligible . 
  no , it does n't . 
  it shows that cost-push inflation is n't large for a devaluation roughly the size of the previous greek one , which was 5-10 % . 
  it also says very explicitly in the paper that it should not under any circumstances be used as a guide to appropriate policy . 
   neoliberal creditors . 
  turns out fiscally responsible creditors would have rejected austerity long ago , you know , it 1 ) not working , and 2 ) being a mathematical impossibility and all . 
  that 's not responsible lending . 
  purely * fiscally * responsible creditors would n't have got involved in the first place , and greece would have suffered even worse austerity , because it would n't have been able to borrow anything from anybody . 
   my point , though , was that this seems to be a case where isds was successfully used by a company where there was no discrimination against them due to their being foreign . 
  it does n't fit within your definition . 
  the definition is n't quite `` get discriminated against for being foreign '' , but more `` be subject to material losses as a result of a purely political decision that went against reasonable expectations and unable to get any recourse through the domestic courts '' . 
  that 's a bit long-winded , so i 'll use the vattenfall 1 case ( the one they won ) . 
  vattenfall were encouraged by the city government to expand their original plans for a modest power plant into a much bigger one . 
  they applied for , were granted , and complied with ` preliminary permits ' that allowed them to start work , pending the final permits which they were assured would be in line with the preliminary permits . 
  the permits were regarded by the licensing agency as entirely sufficient to protect the local environment . 
  this is the ` reasonable expectation ' . 
  the city government changed after an election , and a new head was appointed to the licensing agency involved . 
  unlike anglosphere countries , senior civil servants in germany are often also politicians - this one was a local senator . 
  the licensing agency then issued final permits which were entirely out of line with what the whole project had been based on , sufficient to prevent any construction of a plant . 
  the decision was n't based on any new data , or new regulations/laws hamburg was required to observe , but was done for electoral popularity . 
  this is the ` purely political decision ' . 
  at this stage , vattenfall had committed to the works , hired contractors and plant , etc. 
  the new permits meant all that had to simply stop , with vattenfall footing the bill . 
  this is the ` material losses ' . 
  vattenfall sought redress both at the local and national level - either a reversion to the originally agreed permits , or compensation for their costs . 
  this was stonewalled both locally and at the national level ( same party at both levels ) . 
  this is the ` no redress through domestic channels ' . 
  that led vattenfall to take a case through the isds mechanism under the energy charter , and win . 
  the vital points here , really , are ( a ) that the decision to block the power plant by way of the permits was nakedly political - the existing permits had already been agreed as sufficient to protect the local environment , there were no new obligations the city government was under , there was no reason for the decision but electoral popularity ; ( b ) that vattenfall had suffered material losses as a result of going ahead on the basis of being assured it could do so by the city government under one set of politicians , then having the rug pulled by the next set ; and ( c ) that vattenfall was stonewalled when it came to any kind of redress . 
  it 's probable that a german company would not have been stonewalled the same way - at the very least dicking a domestic company around like that is going to be bad publicity somewhere you care about . 
  a foreign company has no natural allies , so they 're an easy target . 
  however , the main point is that vattenfall were hugely and expensively dicked about for the sake of one person 's political career , and could n't get anyone to even consider their side of the story . 
  it 's perfectly possible to say `` well , that 's the way it goes , caveat contractor '' , but it 's equally possible to point out that it 's a very bad way for it to go . 
  i do n't have any objection to the idea that the senator who moved up to head the licensing agency had the right to pull the plug on the project , but i do object to the idea that he can do so at huge cost to someone else who was involved in good faith , and not have to even listen to them , never mind compensate them . 
  that 's across the line from ` responsive ' government to arbitrary government . 
  most other isds cases where companies have been successful ( a minority ) have been similar in character to this one . 
  the veolia case in egypt , for example , related to a contract between veolia and the government for an experimental power-from-waste project veolia were running at cost for egypt - because it was running at cost , veolia 's contract contained a stipulation that if costs rose , what veolia charged would rise . 
  when the egyptian government raised the minimum wage , it raised veolia 's costs , but the egyptian government preferred not to pay . 
  ah , right . 
  it 's everybody 's , including those not yet alive . 
  there will always be those in the system whose aim is that of accumulating power , and those that `` aim to produce knowledge , culture , happiness '' are n't those people ( not sure about ` status ' ) . 
  the latter are essentially irrelevant to the former ( well , except when they need a palace decorated , or there 's a fashion for libraries ) . 
  the problem you 're talking about , i think , is that producing `` knowledge , culture , happiness '' has to be a conscious aim of society , that that aim is pretty antithetical to the aim of accumulating power through wealth - and that society has been led to believe that the accumulation of material wealth is in fact the way to `` knowledge , culture , happiness '' , and thereby into an acceptance of the accumulation of material wealth as the main social aim . 
  no , position papers and texts have been available . 
  so , for example , the eu negotiating text on regulatory cooperation listed in the leaked documents is available here : http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1230#regulatory-cooperation indeed , if you look at the ` leaked ' version , you 'll see at the top the date it was made public . 
   the idea that prosperity leads to oligarchy is an assumption which i reckon unfounded , and fighting prosperity is n't the proposal . 
  an increase in wealth will tend to go mostly to those in a society most capable of getting their hands on it . 
  that seems to be true no matter what society one is considering - it 's almost tautological . 
  ergo , without deliberate correction , prosperity produces oligarchy ( in the broad sense of power ending up in a few hands ) . 
  there are only two states which do n't allow oligarchy - absolute poverty , and unlimited wealth . 
  everywhere in between , there are limited amounts of desired resources - and control of those limited resources is power . 
  as the absolute amount of resources increases , the possible gap between rich and poor widens . 
  at a low level , the imbalance is not enough to exclude the poor from power , at higher levels it becomes so . 
  thus , increasing prosperity , without correction , tends to produce or reinforce oligarchy . 
  oh , i 'd agree the trend , but , again , not really sure what it has to do with ttip . 
  the processes that lead to oligarchy are n't inexorable , nor do they specifically lead to oligarchy . 
  prosperity leads to oligarchy unless a conscious effort to distribute the prosperity is made ( ` trickle-down ' seems to be complete bs ) - but it seems strange to me to fight prosperity on the basis that it leads to oligarchy . 
  unfortunately , that does seem to be the path the left has chosen . 
  oh , i would n't argue for a second his significance . 
  also germany is big . 
  it just does n't look good to say you 're being bullied by malta . 
  there 's always somebody trying to roll back legislation for some reason . 
  whether they succeed or not is another question . 
  where they 're starting from is another - 20 years ago the us had probably the best environmental legislation in the world .
