  you are fooling yourself if you think that a treaty which stipulates that corporations would be able to influence decision-making if it goes against their interest is n't essentially written by big business . 
  lobbyists have even put forward entire pieces of legislation submitted by their sponsored politicians in the past in the us , the ustr ( the agency responsible for ttip negotiations ) being an egregious example of favoritism and corruption , and their eu equivalents are no fonts of purity either . 
  i 'm well aware that lobbyists do that , and that there are two ways of doing it : amendments put forward by members of parliament , or inputs to the process of legislative drafting . 
  the latter undergoes two checks - first , it has to be acceptable to the drafters , second it has to pass the parliament . 
  the former undergoes only one of those , and is therefore possibly the more dangerous . 
  but both of them still have to survive legislative scrutiny . 
   however , even if they were only adhering to `` consultative meetings '' , they still get the lion 's share : another one of those talking points where it 's worth doing some research . 
  there are more than ten times as many businesses as ngos , and similar numbers in representative bodies . 
  the balance , numerically , over-represents ngos in the consultative process rather than under-representing them - unless one feels that ngos should simply get 50 % ( or more ) of the time on the basis that ngos are selfless and representative and important to society , while businesses are n't , which is n't actually true . 
   in other words , there 's no need for the `` however '' in your comment : economists generally agree that corporate and personal income tax should be 0 ( or close to it ) and with the idea that taxation ( and other redistributive efforts ) benefit society as a whole and should exist . 
  leaving us with consumption taxes , which fall most heavily on those least able to afford them or avoid them , and wealth taxes , which fall most heavily on those best able to afford them and avoid them . 
   enough leaks have come to light to almost ensure the final product will be nothing good for the interests of the people . 
  out of interest , what are the bits of the leaked document you link that are against the interests of the people ? 
   especially since corporations seem to have all the transparency they could ever want at their disposal so they can influence that `` final product '' . 
  er , no , they very much do n't . 
  they get to have consultative meetings with the commission about ttip ( as do ngos ) . 
  that 's well below the parliamentarian level of access , which is access to the texts as well as the commission and its negotiators . 
  ours are held in order to change the constitution , generally where the government wishes to pass legislation that would otherwise conflict with the constitution . 
  the constitution is held to be an instrument of the people , not the government - the people decide the constitution , and the government must act within its bounds . 
  so the government may not spend the people 's money on promoting a particular side , since it would be spending the money of the people against the wishes of at least some of the people , thereby in effect privileging some voters over others . 
  i 'm not sure that the same principle might not be applicable regarding dutch referendum , although the fact that the referendums are legislative votes rather than constitutional ones weakens the argument somewhat . 
  we have legislation that bans the government from using tax money to fund either point of view in referendums . 
  but then our referendums are legally triggered and binding . 
   politicians are generally more pro-eu than the general population . 
  nearly every political party that actually has to govern a member state starts to be in favour of the eu fairly shortly after assuming office . 
  almost as if it 's * not * a power-hungry inefficient tyranny that you 're better off without . 
   so they do n't object when their wishes get trampled so they 're not objecting the entire time their wishes are n't being treated as the most important things in the whole negotiation . 
  in brief , because ( a ) the other side know exactly what they can get away with , and ( b ) because it 's incredibly difficult to negotiate with someone else when both negotiators have crowds of people shouting demands at them . 
  i would n't have been a fan of secrecy in negotiations before the british-irish talks over northern ireland , which were held transparently several times , failing each time , and were eventually negotiated in secret and succeeded . 
  negotiation is n't a democratic process , it 's an expert technical one . 
  you introduce democracy to the process by making the results of the process public at the end , and holding a democratic vote on whether it 's acceptable . 
  that 's exactly what 's happening with ttip . 
   first , it 's strange that the secrecy does n't seem to valid for corporation that influence the negotiations . 
  source it 's a bit strange that corporations should be able to influence an agreement but not democratic representatives . 
  the source is probably well-described by the commission spokesperson :  the text on regulatory cooperation will be published soon for everyone to see that this so-called analysis is completely false , presents a biased view of the european commission 's work and ignores the reality of eu texts . 
  since the chapters are indeed being published as the talks go along , preempting the publication with a `` leaked version '' and analyses which do the rounds without the original source are kind of obvious pr tactics . 
  but that is what the ecb is doing , no ? 
   the point of qe is it puts boundaries on it so you do n't get hyperinflation no , we can do it at the moment because the deflationary environment puts boundaries on it , and because it 's not being done simply to fuel government spending . 
  otherwise i 'm not sure where this idea of qe having boundaries comes from , particularly if you 're doing qe to prop up government spending when they ca n't borrow - which is effectively what you 're suggesting should have been done . 
  there does come a point when careful cherry-picking of data becomes pathetically obvious . 
   the inability to borrow was itself an artificial construction of the bizarre way the eurozone functions . 
  qe could have allowed any degree of borrowing in the short term . 
  the key there being `` in the short term '' . 
  the long term effects are pretty well known . 
   there was nothing necessary about austerity . 
  i 'm still not exactly sure what the alternative is supposed to have been when you ca n't borrow and you ca n't afford your current spending . 
  or possibly politicians facing the * necessity * of austerity tried to sell the idea of `` expansionary austerity '' as a way of avoiding some of the political repercussions . 
   politicians start embracing reforms only when the crisis those reforms could have prevented is already upon them lagarde 's law ? 
  resulting in the entire field of economics not being taken seriously ... 
  really ? 
  the 7 habits of highly successful police states ? 
   i do think , however , that article 51 and the definition of ` implementing eu law ' given in fransson needs to be confined . 
  i suspect everyone can agree on ` clarified ' - ` confined ' suggests setting off to clarify in a particular direction . 
  i 'm not sure that siragusa actually muddies the waters , though . 
  i do take your point , but it depends on what the criticisms are . 
  in this case it seems to be one side saying it will be toothless , the other side that it will drive companies away . 
  that pair together are contradictory criticisms , which suggests balance . 
  when criticisms from the two sides line up , or at least do n't contradict each other , then i 'd agree you 're usually just looking at shoddy policy . 
   but is has come under early fire from both campaigners who say it will be toothless and business groups warning some multinationals could be put off operating in europe altogether coming under attack from both sides is usually a sign of reasonably balanced legislation . 
   do you not think there is an argument , however , that the judgment in digital rights ireland could be confined to those data retention regimes set up under the aegis of the ( now-annulled ) data retention directive ? 
  i can see the argument , certainly - in the absence of a directive , one could presume that there is no eu legislation regarding national data retention regimes , and that therefore there is no law for dripa to be in compliance with , and no applicability of the charter . 
  the cjeu , however , takes the view that the charter applies to national legislation `` in all situations governed by european union law '' , based on the not-unreasonable view that the actions of member states should be in line with the intentions of their eu membership where that membership is relevant . 
  despite the ( current ) absence of a * specific * eu law on data retention , data retention is nevertheless such a situation . 
  so while one can make your argument , it seems pretty clear the cjeu would n't be particularly likely to follow it . 
  dripa clearly does n't have `` no connection with eu law '' , though . 
  if that were the case , there would never have been a data retention directive , because the eu would not have had any competence in the matter . 
  clearly , given the data retention directive , the eu does have competence , so dripa needs to be in line with eu law and hence the eu charter of rights . 
  hence , in turn , the ruling by the london court that dripa was n't in line with eu law and was therefore illegal in some of its provisions , which , again , could n't have happened if dripa had `` no connection with eu law '' . 
  unfortunately , the irish parliament 's data is available - if at all , now - as extremely badly structured xml ( combining semantic and display markup , with the latter sometimes semantically meaningful ) . 
  this page : http://www.oireachtas.ie/viewdoc.asp?docid=13 lists what is supposed to be available . 
  not sure where the documentation is . 
  records of votes as xml are available here : http://oireachtasdebates.oireachtas.ie/debates%20authoring/debateswebpack.nsf/%28votesasxmldail%29?openview&amp;count=-1 records of proceedings are available as html here for the d\u00e1il ( lower , powerful house ) : http://oireachtasdebates.oireachtas.ie/debates%20authoring/debateswebpack.nsf/yearlist?readform&amp;chamber=dail while there is no reference to xml files for the debates , you can find the reference to the xml file in the html source . 
  for this html page : http://oireachtasdebates.oireachtas.ie/debates%20authoring/debateswebpack.nsf/takes/dail2016040600001?opendocument the xml file would seem to be this : http://oireachtasdebates.oireachtas.ie/debates%20authoring/webattachments.nsf/%28$vlookupbyconstructedkey%29/dail~20160406/$file/oireachtasmaster.xml?openelement it would be worth your while talking to these guys : https://www.kildarestreet.com/help/#api, 
  cameron has been , frankly , rubbish all along . 
   in the reich , the upper house controlled the executive btw , likewise , the european council can veto the appointment of an eu commission president like juncker . 
  the eu parliament can also veto it , though . 
  ca n't really agree that it 's modeled on germany , given that the uk had a two-chamber system with aristocracy in the upper house and commons in the lower for half a millennium before germany even existed . 
  i believe there 's absolutely no likelihood of that happening . 
  brexit will not bring about reformed uk politics , because eu membership does not prevent the reform of uk politics . 
  eh , it 's not really so much against the government . 
  it 's more when the government does n't appear to take the public seriously at referendum time . 
  even if the government is basically popular ( as the government was at lisbon 1 ) any sign that they 're not really taking the referendum seriously gets them a kicking . 
  it 's possible . 
  cameron would have to go back to the rest of the eu and say `` what can you give us ? '', 
  and then base the second referendum on a `` new deal '' . 
  alternatively , it would n't necessarily be unreasonable or politically impossible to start the leaving process and the negotiations for a post-brexit eu-uk relationship , and run another referendum on the basis of the two options after about a year , which would be a better informed choice for the uk public . 
  the uk would have to abide by eu rules during the 2-year withdrawal period anyway , and the decision to withdraw is not , as far as i can see from lisbon , irreversible . 
  similar , as far as i recall - good lead for yes when most people were undecided , but narrowing as the referendum approached , and then reversing . 
  there was a poll done in late may which had yes :41 ( +3 ) , no :33 ( +5 ) , dk :26 ( -8 ) , changes from two weeks previously . 
  so early may was yes :38 , no :28 , dk :34 . 
  both sides gained undecided voters , but the no side gained more . 
  so while the opinions polls still showed a lead for yes ( about 2-3 weeks from voting ) the writing was on the wall . 
  the leadership and momentum of the no side was clearly dominant , and had been at that stage for at least a couple of months . 
  the problem , i think , is that people ( particularly on the side of the status quo , perhaps ) tend to see polls as indicative of an underlying set of preferences , whereas they 're really snapshots of an evolving process , and what 's important is the internal dynamic of the process . 
  people make their minds up quite late , and often on the basis of how people they know are voting , so you have a network effect , and whichever side is gaining more will in the last week gain more strongly yet than it has up to that point . 
  the brexit referendum looks to me as if the internal dynamic is in favour of no , and at this stage i 'd expect to see a marginal leave result ( that is , somewhere in the 51-55 % range ) unless the remain campaign pulls off a major pr coup sufficient to give weak leave voters a pause - and motivate remain voters , because another strange effect in referendums is that people who think their side is going to lose anyway often do n't bother to vote . 
  it does increasingly look like ireland 's first lisbon referendum . 
  official ireland was in denial there as well - the referendum was lost long before they even began their campaigns . 
  what counts most in a referendum if a large number of people are undecided is momentum . 
  strange as it seems , people who do n't have a very strong opinion to start with but feel they have to make a decision will be drawn to whichever side appears to be `` doing better '' .
