  i 'd say it 's because just like uk leave voters , they believed that the negative consequences experts talked about were just scare tactics . 
  like the uk 's leave voters , they 're seeing that they 're not . 
   in germany ( and many , many other parliamentary democracies ) it 's actually exactly the same way . 
  merkel is not directly elected , she is elected by the german parliament . 
  hence parliamentary elections influence who becomes the head of the executive . 
  both in germany , many , many other countries , and also the eu . 
  indeed , the uk is set to replace david cameron without a fresh election , just as the labour party before that replaced blair with brown . 
  in the early nineties , we had a nearly complete change of government when the minor coalition partner switched its backing from one of the bigger parties to the other . 
  parliamentary democracy is * parliamentary * . 
  without taking sides on the question of deepening integration , i think it 's a bit much for merkel to say that juncker is the problem :  the chancellor believes that juncker 's appetite for power is one of the reasons why the british have turned their backs on europe . 
  this crisis has been sharpening up for a good deal longer than juncker has been president of the commission ( late 2014 ) , and i would say that merkel has been most of the problem . 
  she 's as committed a domestic-first and my-career-first politician as david cameron - while she has n't done anything as dramatic as cameron , she has done a good deal to write german internal politics large onto the eu , unlike her predecessors . 
  the negative impression amongst most eurosceptics is hardly one of juncker running their lives , but of merkel doing so . 
  when we look back at this period from a greater historical distance , i think it 's merkel who will stand out as the national politician who did the eu the most damage . 
  [ european public space ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/contact/local_offices_en.htm ) offered by the eu national offices . 
  usually in the capital city , allows for somewhere to hold conferences and exhibitions , free as far as i know . 
  other services offered by the eu commission representations & european parliament information offices - for example [ in ireland ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/ireland/services/other-eu-services_en ) these include a free european legal advisor . 
   your examples are correct but we all know the horrorstories like ttip where there is a serious resistance to way things are handled , but still it 's pushed through . 
  thing about horror stories is that they are often just that - horror * stories * . 
  ttip is still being pushed * along * ( not through ) because it is still being negotiated , and there has n't been a vote on it yet - people making a lot of noise against something that is n't even finalised yet , and which most people have n't even looked at the ( leaked ) details of , is n't democracy . 
  to stop something before it has even taken form , and without a vote , just because some people are noisily against it is n't democracy . 
  for ttip to come into force , as opposed to getting negotiated , will require votes in the parliaments . 
  at that point , if it is rejected , it 's rejected - if not , not . 
  if it gets rejected and happens anyway , which is n't legally possible , then i would certainly accept that it 's undemocratic . 
  otherwise , it is democratic . 
  it 's true that ttip has a lot of business input . 
  that 's because it 's a trade agreement - and businesses are the organisations that trade . 
  while the concerns of ngos and ordinary citizens certainly need to be taken on board ( and they have n't been excluded from the process ) , you do n't need to consult with them as closely as you do with businesses for a deal which is about something only businesses do . 
  would that mr juncker were interested in such sorts of communication . 
   the answers are obviously a majority `` yes '' . 
  not if you think the institution in question ought not to be there , or has no legitimacy to do anything . 
  if you ask people `` do you think greenpeace should do more about employment ? '', 
  the answer is not going to be ` yes ' simply because people would like more done about it . 
   it 's just that they need to let the people have a bigger influence in brussels because right now it just seems like a clusterfuck of corrupt politics where lobbyists determine laws and politicians are corrupt . 
  the eu is probably both less corrupt , and less influenced by lobbyists , than almost any national government ( hence rupert murdoch 's quote about the uk and the eu ) . 
  not that it could n't do better , but much of the impression is purely media created , and quite a bit of it comes from corrupt use of eu funds at the national level . 
  even companies as big as google or microsoft do n't seem to be able to lobby their way out of eu disapproval - how many national governments could say the same ? 
  sure - it 's all `` oh noes eu army and abortion ! '', 
  on one side , and `` vote yes for jobs ! '', 
  on the other . 
  having said that , one of the big things in lisbon 1 was that the no side basically said `` this [ terrible awful evil thing ] is in the treaty !, 
  '' , the media said to the yes side politicians `` well , is it ? 
  '' , and the yes side politicians said `` er , eh , would n't really know , i have n't read it '' . 
  thing about representative democracy is that the average citizen does n't expect to know the details , or to have to . 
  that 's what you elect people for . 
  and if the people you elect to know these things make it clear that * they * do n't , and are n't bothered to do so , the average citizen is entirely right to say `` well , not voting for it , then '' . 
  the job of the representative , in a referendum , is not so much to educate the citizens about the issue , as to make clear to the citizens that he/she has educated him/herself and has strong feelings about what the right thing to do is . 
  so even though the lisbon 2 referendum consisted of a reprise of `` this [ even more terrible awful evil thing ] is in the treaty ! '', 
  from the no side and the yes side campaign message consisted of anodyne and irrelevant `` vote yes for jobs '' , the yes side politicians were able to demonstrate a least a passing knowledge of the issue , while however ridiculous the yes message was , the effort put into it at least showed that they thought the right outcome was actually important . 
  i do n't think the remain campaign managed these things well . 
  when people say `` i did n't get anything but propaganda from remain '' , or `` both sides lied '' , i would see that as people saying `` the people who said we should remain did n't signal to me that they actually * knew * why we should stay in the eu , so i felt free to make the decision on purely emotive grounds ( where the best message was offered by the leave side ) , because clearly the remain people are only doing so either on emotive grounds likewise or on the basis of their own advantage which i do n't share '' . 
  sure . 
  you ca n't tell what action they want , just that they want more action . 
  half of them would probably be against whatever was done - but that 's normal politics . 
  should be put up as a counter when people claim that `` trust in the eu '' or similar indicate support for the eu 's existence . 
  trust in the eu ( or the government ) can be low because people do n't think it 's doing * enough * . 
  below average for ireland . 
  and we vote on every eu treaty !, 
  he 's really quite an interesting comparison with boris . 
  in both cases people were willing to buy what he was selling ( the message on the referendum in question ) , but not to elect him . 
  that seems kind of right . 
  people are quite likely to buy once off from a smooth-talking salesman , but much less likely to put him in charge of their buying decisions in general . 
  sorry , just a thought . 
  that describes only what people did , not why they did it . 
  if everybody 's reasons for voting a particular way on the question in the referendum were purely the merits of the question * on * the ballot paper , that would be a world first . 
   i do n't think it is a force of nature at all . 
  it is a set of policies actively driving it . 
  there is no other reason for those policies , and by extent globalization , to exist than what has been politically decided . 
  and that is or at least should be something people should be able to vote on . 
  you 're certainly right that globalisation is n't a force of nature , any more than the `` laws of the market '' are similar to the laws of physics , as some apparently believe . 
  however , the thing about globalisation is that while an individual country can choose not to do it , they can not choose not to have it happen , because it can happen without any individual country . 
  and one country deciding against it when most or all the others have decided to go with it does n't really work out well . 
  essentially , it 's a games theory problem , and there is a attractor which will tend to pull everyone in once more than a few others are in . 
  it takes a group of strong countries to resist it , i think , for which the eu is probably the best bet . 
  one of the ironies of the brexit result is that the uk government has been a pro-globalisation leader in the eu , while being one of the worst at sharing any benefits of globalisation equally within its own population , resulting in a divide which to a good extent drove the population to vote to leave the eu in the hopes that their government would be more protective of them against globalisation if they left . 
  i 'd be honestly more concerned about some people 's capacity for self-delusion . 
  as long as they carefully cherrypick what 's happening in the uk , it can probably be used to construct a story in which brexit was a great idea . 
  it is unfortunately the case that * everything * has to be not just bad , but visibly and undeniably bad , before people stop using that technique . 
  as long as there 's the slightest bit of good news - even if it 's nothing to do with the issue at hand , even if it 's only good by contrast with what * could * have happened - people will use it to confirm their preferred position . 
  not sure this is n't more like the phoney war period , which would mean dunkirk is yet to come . 
  he wants a different eu , basically - a neo-con united states of europe that 's much more like the usa , except that such a use would be conservative and catholic . 
  that puts him in the same position as , say , a left-winger who wants a much more social eu - opposing the current eu for its imperfections , but not opposing the idea of it . 
  the report is available here : http://tbinternet.ohchr.org/_layouts/treatybodyexternal/download.aspx?symbolno=e%2fc.12%2fgbr%2fq%2f6&amp;lang=en all the various bits can be found here : http://tbinternet.ohchr.org/_layouts/treatybodyexternal/sessiondetails1.aspx?sessionid=1059&amp;lang=en the common dreams article seems to be based on bits like this :  18 . 
  the committee is seriously concerned about the disproportionate adverse impact that austerity measures , introduced since 2010 , are having on the enjoyment of economic , social and cultural rights by disadvantaged and marginalized individuals and groups . 
  the committee is concerned that the state party has not undertaken a comprehensive assessment of the cumulative impact of such measures on the realization of economic , social and cultural rights , in a way that is recognized by civil society and national independent monitoring mechanisms ( art . 
  and  40 . 
  the committee is deeply concerned about the various changes in the entitlements to , and cuts in , social benefits , introduced by the welfare reform act 2012 and the welfare reform and work act of 2016 , such as the reduction of the household benefit cap , the removal of the spare-room subsidy ( bedroom tax ) , the four year freeze on certain benefits and the reduction in child tax credits . 
  the committee is particularly concerned about the adverse impact of these changes and cuts on the enjoyment of the rights to social security and to an adequate standard of living by disadvantaged and marginalized individuals and groups , including women , children , persons with disabilities , low-income families and families with two or more children . 
  the committee also is concerned about the extent to which the state party has made use of sanctions in relation to social security benefits and the absence of due process and access to justice for those affected by the use of sanctions ( art . 
  9 and 11 ) . 
   i agree . . 
  it 's ` americans are fat , stupid , warmongers but we want everything they have . . even red plastic cups to pour drinks in . ', 
  perhaps everyone 's secret dream is to be a fat warmonger , but more cleverly ? 
  boris is clever , charismatic , and has an immense knack for creating appealing and simplistic lies . 
  those lies were his original stock in trade as a brussels correspondent , and he set the tone for the last 20 years of uk reporting on the eu with those lies . 
  that 's a large body of work , and the fact that euromyths have been widespread and largely unchallenged throughout the uk public for decades made the job of the leave campaign very much easier than that of the remain campaign , who had to work against those accepted falsehoods . 
  that boris is exceptionally adept at creating such lies , visibly a smart guy , and a respectable member of the establishment as well , was very important to the leave campaign . 
  i do n't think heseltine is wrong when he says that boris made the leave campaign respectable . 
  farage could not have done it , gove could not have done it - the former is charismatic , but not visibly clever and not respectable , the latter is not charismatic . 
  referendums of the kind that the uk has just run - that is , badly thought out , nebulous , with no advance debate on the real issues and no agreed objective body of information - are always at risk of being hijacked by a charismatic populist who 's not afraid to lie , particularly if there is a body of accepted lies to appeal to .
