  they can not legally decide the other way round , though . 
  ttip is by a wide margin the * least * secret trade pact ever negotiated . 
  no other trade pact has had so much of the paperwork involved published during negotiations . 
  branding it `` hyper-secret '' is just clickbait . 
  the trade commissioner begs to differ from what 's claimed there :  `` it is very likely that due to the breadth of the negotiations that ttip will be a 'm ixed agreement ' . 
  a mixed agreement clearly means that the national parliaments and institutional bodies like the bundesrat will co-decide on ttip '' , de gucht told the european affairs committee of the germany bundesrat , which represents germany 's regional governments . 
  http://www.bilaterals.org/?de-gucht-assures-that-ttip-will it 's not about whether isds is included - if it were simply that , then the only question determining whether ttip is ` mixed ' would be `` does it include isds ? '' . 
  it 's about whether ttip impacts on matters outside the commission 's competences ( that is , the competences of the eu ) , on which the commission has no legal power to bind the member states . 
  short of ttip being reduced to an extremely narrow agreement , it 's almost a certainty that it will involve non-eu competences - most of it is about ` non-tariff barriers ' , which are therefore not purely trade issues . 
  it 's fortunate for greece that the safe haven effect reduced the bond rates of aaa countries , since otherwise the bailout loans from the other european countries would be more expensive . 
  good . 
  the supermax sounds like it 's basically an oubliette , and those should have gone out with the renaissance . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're arguing here ? 
  are you saying that the bbc 's revenue ( ie what they take in ) is substantially larger than their actual budget ( ie what they can spend ) because `` all that money leaves the bbc and goes back to the government '' , and that therefore the eu grants are a larger proportion ? 
  if , so , no , that 's simply wrong - the bbc 's spending is of the order of # 5bn , matching their revenue , and the eu grants are of the proportion i gave : revenue # 5.066 bn : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bbc#revenue spending # 4.896 bn : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bbc#expenditure note that the spending figure does not include any flow from the bbc to the government - on the contrary , the flow is from the government to the bbc . 
  the bbc 's revenue is # 5bn , the eu items were also revenue . 
  not sure what the problem is . 
  greek pharma companies : http://www.exportleaders.gr/en/index.php?about=12 i 'd say that colgate palmolive hellas and boehringer ingelheim hellas are a big part of greek pharma exports - the info there says that colgate 's greek unit exports 70 % of its production , and much the same is said about boehringer :  more importantly , the company 's export activity corresponds to 53 % of its turnover , a fact that its significance applies not only to the company 's well-being but to the whole country since this portion represents the 1 % of the total greek exports . 
  1 % of greek exports is $ 330m , and greek pharma exports are worth $ 943m , so boehringer is a third of the pharma exports . 
  both companies have been operating in greece since the sixties . 
   i agree . 
  what beats me is how greece could have a cabinet minister for energy who wanted to take the country back to the drachma . 
  was the minister really that ignorant of the economy of his own country ? 
  that would n't be as uncommon as one would like it to be , in any country . 
  varoufakis , on the other hand , was well aware of this , at least when he was in opposition . 
  from the [ foi requests ] ( https://www.whatdotheyknow.com/request/52899/response/129926/attach/html/3/rfi20101570%20final%20response.pdf.html ) that found out about these grants , the sums involved are : 2004/05 : # 135,000 2005/06 : # 141,000 2006/07 : # 241,000 2007/08 : # 355,000 2008/09 : # 1,144,000 2009/10 : # 582,000 just to put those in perspective , the bbc 's annual budget is about # 5 billion . 
  the total eu amount there is # 2.6 million over a five year period - so the eu amounts are # 2.6 m out of about # 25bn , or 0.010392 % of their revenue . 
  so , if you were being paid # 100 a week , would you be prepared to sacrifice your neutrality for the sake of someone paying you just a single penny of that ? 
   tax income before : 100 euro public spending before : 69 euro  then tax income falls by 8.5 euro and public spending falls by 8.487 euro . 
  so if public spending is less than 69 % of tax income there will be a net loss in income . 
  well , that 's what i get for speaking without thinking !, 
  thanks for correcting me - it 's possible for there to be two such numbers , even if it 's still very hard to see any pair that might apply to greece . 
   the bailouts should never of happened in the first place and greeks should of been left to their own devices back in 2010 . 
  have to say i ca n't really support that position . 
   is it `` greece tax income fell by 8.5 % '' , or is it `` public spending fell 12.3 % '' or is it `` as debt crisis continues '' . 
  because those are the only three statements in the title , for the title to be inaccurate at least one of them should be wrong . 
  i guess that would depend on what you see as the debt crisis . 
  if it 's the simple existence of a large outstanding public debt , then it continues , and all three statements are accurate , but actually the existence of that large debt is not really a crisis , since the repayments are n't particularly burdensome . 
  if you see the debt crisis as consisting primarily of the greek government 's inability to balance its books , then the statement is more arguable , since an improvement in the government 's fiscal position is something that should n't really be followed by `` debt crisis continues '' , a phrase which suggests that no improvement has occurred . 
   everyone who knows any math could do the sum and see that depending on what the spending and tax income were before this that this could improve the fiscal position , but that 's not supported in the article with absolute numbers , nor is it really likely when the outstanding debt has n't meaningfully decreased . 
  i do n't see how those two relative changes require support from absolute numbers . 
  the absolute numbers will tell you to what extent the change is an improvement , but it 's hard to see any pair of numbers that could represent a disimprovement . 
  he did n't say it did - he said the government 's fiscal position improved . 
  in other words , the drop in public spending is smaller than the drop in public revenues . 
  that 's a point entirely supported by what the article says . 
   it would be great for the taxpayers of the other countries in the ez since they wo n't have to dump anymore money in greece . 
  well , except that way they do n't get back the money they * already * put in . 
  not that there 's not an element of `` cut your losses '' . 
  they were definitely in use on the kentish beaches 40 + years ago . 
  my problem here would be that some services benefit from the `` network effect '' above and beyond the competitive excellence of their service . 
  it 's not about a forced monopoly , but abuse of a dominant market position . 
   this board is completely out of its mind on varoufakis hatred . 
  except that the comments being voted down are those that criticise him or suggest that if you want senior banking staff , you wind up paying what senior banking staff expect . 
  and i probably get to do a qed here . 
   overall though the point is that it is a specific type of automation - it 's getting rid of middle-men . 
  no more travel agencies , no more concierges , no more cab agencies , etc. 
  cutting out the crap that slows everyone down and does n't add value . 
  which is n't automation . 
  no , really , you ca n't just use the word to mean something it does n't . 
   you do n't need to like it , but i have to say that it 's made my life so much better and giving me far more free time to pursue hobbies and education . 
  eliminating service bottlenecks has made things more efficient , certainly - if ordering a burrito or a cab had to be done via a single phone line and a single person , the app is more efficient for the company - i 'm not sure it 's necessarily more efficient for the customer a lot of the time . 
  what self-service gives you is a feeling of greater agency , but i 'd bet that from scratch the process of ordering a taxi , a burrito or a holiday is probably not any less time-consuming for the customer , and may actually be more so . 
   as long as the uk is not trying to sabotage the eu for national gains ... any more than anyone else is . 
  let 's be fair - it 's not as if the uk is the * only * member state that ever does it . 
  not really - ` unsustainable ' in the sense being used of greece 's debt really is just a definition . 
  that depends on the definition of sustainable . 
  greece 's debt is currently more sustainable than that of several other peripheral countries ( including mine ) in terms of what it actually costs them - that is , in terms of their ability to sustain payment of it . 
  it 's ` unsustainable ' only by virtue of the imf * defining *  120 % debt/gdp as unsustainable . 
   they 're calculations demonstrating that a programme with no debt relief was always going to fail . 
  if the sole aim and measure is debt reduction , then yes , funnily enough . 
  that they 're not part of the program - they 're calculations by someone else ( barry eichengreen , afair ) . 
  mostly , though , i 'm saying that the argument that greece has failed its program * now * because of putative commitments is fundamentally silly . 
  eh , maybe , although that 's someone 's calculation , not part of the program agreement . 
  but they still have n't even done the bits actually agreed . 
  the imf has been clear that greece did not carry out the reforms agreed - the issue is not supposed primary surplus targets in 2020 , which is the figure you 're using . 
  if you mean in the sense that economics is a fundamentally political exercise , and that the choice of efficient market equilibrium as the fundamental underpinning of policy is a political choice , i 'd entirely agree . 
   finally , i was in fact trying to give you credit for helping to lay out the imf position in a straightfoward way , and for technically speaking , being right . 
  i should perhaps have been explicit that i thought your argument was well put . 
   however , we are still back at the original argument that greece had failed its reviews , ( which is false ) and that had greece simply done what was asked of them completely , it would n't be in this situation ( which i also think is false ) . 
  i 'm going to quote this just as encapsulating the points you make , otherwise the walls of text will get too big too quickly . 
   however , we are still back at the original argument that greece had failed its reviews , ( which is false ) we should be clear , i think , that greece * has * failed its reviews - only 5 out of 12 have been completed , and 4 of those were before mid-2013 , so there has been little action for a long time . 
  5 out of 12 is not a passing grade . 
  you can put it as sympathetically as you like , and we can agree that the student has a troubled home life and so on , but no amount of sympathy or understanding makes 5/12 a pass . 
  so i 'm afraid you 're very straightforwardly incorrect here . 
   and that had greece simply done what was asked of them completely , it would n't be in this situation ( which i also think is false ) . 
  i think the problem with your argument here is that it focuses simply on greece . 
  the imf prescribed the same treatment in the case of greece that it prescribes elsewhere , and it does have a proven track record of success . 
   my objection is that there is a substantial and causal link between the mou programme and the worsened outlook in greece in 2015 from 2010 , and that it 's not sufficient to blame this on syriza . 
  i would n't have particularly picked syriza as the cause - they 're more of a symptom , to my mind . 
  as you said , there was a general ` austerity fatigue ' in the people and parliament . 
  but when you say ` there is a substantial and causal link between the mou programme and the worsened outlook in greece ' , i do have to ask what you think that link is , and how it could have been avoided ? 
  i think that 's an extremely sympathetic reading of the situation , which does you no discredit . 
  i hope you wo n't mind if i 'm correspondingly unsympathetic , since you have that well covered !, 
  achieving a bit of progress on reforms , and then going no further , is like taking part of a course of antibiotics - pointless , and quite possibly worse than pointless . 
  and given that the course of treatment was n't taken , for someone to ascribe the failure of the treatment to a failing the treatment itself is obviously nonsense . 
   so there needs to be some way to tie the hands of greece to guarantee it 'll happen . 
  that would mean another referendum with the question being - will you surrender sovereignty in order to obtain debt relief . 
  it sometimes seems to me that where europe and the imf come into conflict is over the fact that the imf 's mandate is to get greece back in the markets , and only sufficient reform needs to happen to ensure that - and quite possibly at this stage if it can be adequately fudged , the imf would be ok with that , because they get to walk away . 
  a good chunky debt writeoff would be a win from an imf perspective , because it would enable greece to go back to the markets . 
  not a great win if it 's without reforms , but better than nothing .
