  so it 's more like you suing your mobile company because it arbitrarily changed the terms of your contract , costing you more money than you had agreed . 
   were germany to lose the suit , berlin would have to shell out nearly $ 5 billion of taxpayer money to compensate the company . 
  that 's what happens when you encourage a company to invest a lot of time and money on the basis of one policy , and then do a sudden u-turn just for the sake of popularity . 
  if the decision has really been taken `` in the interests of its citizen 's health and safety '' according to any scientific advice , then vattenfall will lose its case . 
  if , on the other hand , there is no good health and safety reason for the policy reversal , and the decision was taken for purely political reasons , then vattenfall is not unreasonably due compensation for the time and money it invested in good faith . 
  itt willy-waving . 
   with every crisis the eu fails , its ability to address collective problems unravels a bit further . 
  it no longer seems like a club of countries committed to doing better together than they can do apart , an ingenious and inspiring escape from the brutal cutthroat logic of realpolitik . 
  it is decaying back into neighbourly distrust and rivalry , the old way of doing europe . 
  ouch . 
   the problem with this argument is that there really was n't one single issue that caused brexit . 
  completely agree . 
  on the other hand , a lot of those issues can be put together as the feeling of having been left behind , in a divide between those who obviously benefited from the eu and those who did n't . 
  you could say that the referendum consisted of a disagreement between factions in the uk elite , different visions of the future - on the one hand the european ` social democracy ' model , with the uk as a respectable large member of a european family of nations , on the other the liberal market-driven model , with the uk ( or , rather , london ) as a bigger singapore swashbuckling its ways through the 21st century economy . 
  for most people , though , it was , as referendums usually are , primarily an emotional decision . 
  and emotions tend to be more complex than the arguments they cloak themselves in . 
  yes - * all * of its citizens . 
   so why was the brexit vote fueled by people who feel abandoned by the government . 
   the primary reason for brexit was because people want their own government to make decisions that impact them . 
  these are not contradictory points . 
  * why * do `` people want their own government to make decisions that impact them '' ? 
  one is free to believe that it 's because they think their government makes far better decisions , but it would take a large effort of will to do it . 
  a better explanation is because they do in fact feel abandoned by their government , and wish it to be forced to turn its attention to them . 
  i heard it was a lederhosen knee-slapping contest . 
  the previous chief is n't dead , only legless and deaf . 
  it seems perverse and wrong-headed to conclude a trade deal that results in losses on both sides . 
  so much so that it 's only explicable by claiming that it 's either a conspiracy or that the claim it will lead to mutual losses is not very well substantiated . 
   we 're not building a relationship from scratch , we 're slowly pealing an existing relationship back . 
  that 's like saying divorce is a case of slowly peeling back a marriage . 
  a lot of boilerplate text will undoubtedly be similar , but the only way you can just copy a functional part of an existing trade agreement is if both parties agree that that 's what they want . 
  which is the difficult bit anyway ... 
  to put that another way , since it is in fact the whole point of the article - right wingers are `` infiltrating '' social hierarchies by being pleasant , helpful , engaged , nice , etc. 
  the problem is not that they 're nice , but that they 're * not * nice , or rather they 're only nice to people they see as ok . first they came for the tea evenings , and i did not speak out , because they were nice . 
  then they came for the committee meetings , and i did not speak out , because they were so helpful and engaged . 
  then they came for the homosexuals , and i did not speak out , because by then it seemed normal ... 
   but the single market does n't cover services yet , only goods . 
  it definitely does cover services . 
  it 's incomplete , not absent - something that in itself indicates the complexity of integration . 
  see , for example : https://ec.europa.eu/growth/single-market/services_en, 
  some form of shared financing , and some form of shared welfare , too - logically , but not politically . 
   i do n't get this certainty statement of you can not have access of a single market without free movement of people . 
  you can have * access * to a single market , but you can not be part of it without free movement . 
  a market which is divided internally into two labour pools is not a single market . 
  the two markets operate under different conditions - there can , primarily , be jobs in one market and unemployment in the other , resulting in rising wages in one and lowered wages in the other , and thus a wealthier economy in one than the other . 
  skills do not transfer between the markets . 
  a service company in market a can only deliver a service in the market b by employing labour in b , and vice versa , giving an automatic advantage to the already wealthier higher-employment market - from a , the one with high employment , it is easier to hire cheap workers in the market with lower employment than vice versa . 
  separate labour markets create separate markets and market economies . 
  the eu freedom of movement is part of creating a * single * market out of 27/8 separate national markets . 
  i should really have said `` single market '' rather than just free market . 
  nafta is nowhere near as deep a market integration as the single market . 
   `` if the uk wants controls on labor movement from the eu it will have to concede membership of the eu 's single market for services . 
  i think that 's obvious . '', 
  this is under-appreciated . 
  you can not have a free market in services without free movement . 
  it 's not an optional part of such a market , because services are delivered by people . 
  edit : this is apparently an unpopular point ? 
   provided that these negotiations are public , and not secret as the previous ones . 
  they wo n't be public , because they 're trade negotiations . 
  all true - but still , it 's not simply that the eu is `` bad '' at modern trade deals . 
  nor is the uk a monolithic economy - it has a complex and diverse services sector , and the many different parts will have different priorities . 
  the same problems as the eu , in other words , but at the national level - and those sectoral interests will be dealing with national politicians . 
  in other words , i think the uk may well find that while the eu does indeed have to balance the interests of multiple countries and the uk wo n't , the domestic sectoral interests the uk will have to deal with are attenuated at the european level but wo n't be at the national level . 
  there are n't really any historical parallels , either . 
  the uk has never negotiated a modern services trade deal . 
   largely because the eu seems to be pretty bad at putting trade agreements in place trade deals between developed economies are now primarily about services , and service deals are a lot more complex than goods deals . 
   ye this is not how it goes , first because such measures are forbidden by eu competition law and companies can appeal to eu courts within the single market , yes . 
  for non-eu countries like canada , no . 
  eu competition and state aid law applies only to deals likely to cause a distortion * within * the single market . 
   second because in most eu countries companies can not subsidy political parties i do n't think this is true . 
  do you have a source for the claim ? 
  it 's perhaps also important to point out that in many eu countries , civil services are not apolitical as they are in , say , the uk . 
  senior civil servants are often political appointees or politicians , and ` administrative ' decisions may be made on purely political grounds . 
  that was the issue in the vattenfall 1 isds case - the original conditions for development were made when one hamburg party was in charge of the environmental conditions for licensing , and the changed to make development impossible when a different party took over the senior position responsible . 
  the change was made purely on political grounds - and while there 's no objection to that as such , it 's not unreasonable that the company affected by the decision should seek to recoup money it had spent on the basis of the original decision . 
  neelie kroes who now sits on uber 's board ? 
  does n't necessarily mean anything , but does n't look good . 
  oh , it 's all me behind the scenes , i assure you . 
  and i 'm a right * bastard * . 
   i do n't think apple intellectual property and decision making happens in ireland . 
  it 's a scheme that should be forbidden and punished by fines . 
  that 's true , but that 's how apple set it up - well , nearly . 
  apple had the intellectual property and decision-making happen in an irish-registered company which was n't resident in ireland , which is one of our most tax-haven type laws . 
   i read somewhere that it is what the eu is trying to do with apple and ireland . 
  make apple pay 13 billions to ireland and then every countries will be able to fine ireland for their loss . 
  it would never work that way . 
  there 's no way for other countries to `` fine '' ireland . 
  they can look at what the commission found about apple 's tax affairs , and perhaps levy some tax themselves ( as japan did ) . 
  that would reduce the $ 13bn ireland is supposed to get because those taxes would be set off against irish tax payable . 
  the effect is similar but the mechanism is different . 
  fair or unfair , if the commission is right , ireland is still likely to get several billion from apple . 
   ireland and the uk are the usa trojan horse , stalling laws that would protect us from american companies avoiding taxes in europe . 
   i really hope that this will change , the europe can not keep going when members are working agains ' t each others and for third parties . 
  i agree . 
  of course it 's being presented in ireland as the eu `` bullying '' us , but it 's only the application of rules which ireland agreed to and then cheated on . 
   actually it 's down to the eu laws , a company can have its headquarter and pay its taxe wherever it want in the eu ... which is why they are all in ireland which has the lowest rates in the zone ( besides romania or something ) . 
  not `` eu law '' as such , at least in the sense of having originated with the commission . 
  it 's just a common feature of most modern tax systems that they accept that profits are ` earned ' where the intellectual property and the decision-making happens . 
  while multinationals use that law in ireland to move profits to bermuda and the like , they have already by that stage used french ( etc ) law to move the profits to ireland . 
   long story short , you were invited in the eu zone , you got a shitload of subventions from the top earner and you decided to base your economy on ripping off the others members . 
  pretty much .
