  as a taxpayer , i have wound up paying via the state for something that i now ` own ' via the state , and the future course of the banks becomes subject to my votes . 
  assuming the debts of another state , on the other hand , means that by proxy i am paying for the spending of that state , something over which i have no control . 
  also , minor point , the cost of bank rescues in the eu is about $ 600 billion , before any is recouped from the sale of state-owned bank shares . 
  greek debt assumed by the other eurozone countries is currently at $ 300 billion . 
  they 're of the same order of magnitude . 
  yep , it 's ` conspiracy ' . 
  some countries require action to have been taken , some do not , but in this case the action of bypassing security protocols would be a sufficient action for those that do . 
   i 'm not arguing for or against anything by pointing out the concept of national sovereignty and sovereign immunity . 
  i 'm just pointing out a fact . 
  you can go read it in the united nations charter if you do n't believe it from me . 
  if you mean something like the jurisdictional immunity of states , i 'm not sure of the relevance of the comment at all , since agreeing to an isds mechanism is an agreement to waive such immunity . 
   retrospectively ? 
  do you mean retroactively ? 
  no - retrospective legislation is the term . 
   assuming so that 's not how things work . 
  conduct is legal at the time a contract is entered into , or it is not . 
  also no . 
  actions can be made retrospectively legal or illegal by legislation . 
   there are other issues , like it being outside of anyone 's power to determine the course of a political process and the question of whether any agreement to grant legislation or attempt to do so is an illusory promise . 
  again , not sure of the relevance of the idea of an ` illusory promise ' , since that 's an agreed obligation that the courts will not enforce . 
  the question in isds is of ` reasonable expectation ' - and one can certainly have a reasonable expectation that a sitting government can pass legislation . 
   in any event the reason why isds exists is so that foreign corporations are treated equally with local ones . 
  this foreign corporation wanted special privileges not granted to domestic corporations . 
  that 's not what the treaty does . 
  sure - this is not a good example of isds , but then the author of the article is really just saying that ttip + isds will make the sky fall in . 
  ah well , the current fucking idiots in government here , like nearly all the other fucking idiots in power in the eurozone , seem opposed to a debt writedown for greece . 
   and yet you ca n't see how bribery of elected officials to gain preferential treatment on those contracts could ever conceivably be an issue ? 
  sure , but in this case it 's a separate issue . 
  if the original contract was the result of bribery it 's not going to be enforced in an isds tribunal . 
   who know i 'm not in that business but i 've sure seen a trend of bureaucrats being lulled into bad deals either by backhanders `` sure my bid was more expensive but i 'll buy that house you were selling in turkey for doubt the other guy '' or just plan old incompetence since sometimes these people do n't have the skills . 
  the latter is far more the case in ireland - or worse - `` we 'll go with price waterhouse because if they fuck up my ass is still covered '' , and the incidence of it , particularly in it , is high . 
   things like ttip go far beyond what you are saying , with that you may well see future public services curtailed becasue they could cost private business to lose money so do n't dare build a better public road next to my toll road or do n't dare build a new public hospital either . 
  i 've now read a lot on isds cases , and i do n't see that as being the case , even with unreformed isds mechanisms . 
  as i 've said , i do n't see that government gets the right to arbitrarily change the rules simply because it 's the government . 
  governments are * supposed * to be bound by law , and a government contract should therefore be immune to * changes * in the law brought about by that government - otherwise the idea of governments being bound by law is meaningless . 
  if a government grants an exclusive right to a toll road between a and b with the proviso that no other road shall be built to compete with it , then that 's what they 've granted . 
  if they need to reverse that , fine , but they should pay compensation . 
  it 's partly a moral hazard argument - why should the government be careful to avoid mistakes in the first place when it can simply overturn the result if it does n't like it , without any penalty ? 
  most isds cases basically follow that outline - government agrees something with company , company puts time and money in , government changes its mind . 
  company complains , government stonewalls , company demands compensation , company stonewalls . 
  companies do n't undertake expensive isds cases for kicks - the focus on how much an isds case would cost romania seems to miss the point that it will cost the company the same , and the company has less money , and much much less money-raising power , than the government . 
  taking it a bit further ( i do love my downvotes ) , it should be obvious that if the government can act arbitrarily , then that risk will be priced into any contract taken with the government . 
  the government will therefore pay a higher price on * every * contract than it would if there was an external recourse for the company in the case of a breach by the government . 
  and that 's likely to be much more expensive for the taxpayer than isds . 
  you want greece 's debts to be transferred to other countries ' taxpayers in order to allow greece to run up new debts and not reform , and in time transfer those debts to other countries ' taxpayers too . 
  i reject that - if we 're going to have a transfer union , then it must be explicit and voted for , not the sneaked-in result of pseudo-moralising . 
  i would probably vote for a transfer union , but i dislike being railroaded into paying someone else 's debts without any say-so . 
  that 's taxation without representation - we pay the taxes , greece spends the taxes on greece , and then we pay more taxes . 
   there 's a concept called national sovereignty . 
  governments are only liable in so far as they care to be . 
  again , this is an argument for arbitrary government . 
   there 's also a generally recognized concept in contract law that a contract to engage in unlawful activity at the time the contract is signed is n't enforceable . 
  says the guy who just said that governments are only liable as far as they care to be . 
  the issue here is n't that the contract is unenforceable because the activity was unlawful at that time , since the government can simply make it retrospectively legal - the problem is that the government does n't want it to be enforceable . 
  that 's * why * isds exists , because a national government is the ultimate arbitrator in its nation . 
  i 'm a freelance contractor . 
  i 've taken government contracts in the past . 
  i do n't regard the idea that the other party to such contracts could abrogate it arbitrarily as any kind of noble democratic principle - and that 's what people are arguing for . 
  nor do i think that because people voted it 's magically ok for a company to be expropriated . 
  the parallel between that and the arbitrary removal of rights from natural persons as opposed to legal ones should be obvious . 
   when the crisis hits the fan there is little room for logic and common sense . 
  unfortunately , * until * the crisis hits the fan there usually is n't the political will to resolve the differences . 
  it 's hard enough to negotiate something like the euro in the first place . 
   and bofinger sounds like an interesting person . 
  and a bond villain , of course . 
  and they 're always interesting !, 
  could be including a bonus reference to the black death as well as the obvious characterisation . 
   but i think they just meant that before isds disputes were solved by force i suspect that you 're right . 
  back in the bad old days , if you expropriated british interests , the british sent a couple of warships by way of legal proceedings . 
   but civil servants probably should n't be involved in promoting specific legislative changes on political grounds - a civil service should be apolitical ( much like judges , the police and so on . . ) after all they have to implement legislation whether they like it or not . 
  funnily enough , this is a view not held by many countries , who are ok with civil servants being political . 
  different tradition . 
  also , i would say that the positions of ombudsmen and supervisors are necessarily political positions . 
  they should have strong views on issues in their remit , and should actively engage with the public on them . 
  they should seek to have the scope of their supervisory or investigative powers increased , because their job is n't really just to implement legislation but to protect the citizen from poor legislation . 
  somewhat odd version of isds ' history there !, 
  first , the first isds mechanism is in a 1959 treaty between germany and pakistan . 
  second , in the early 90s there were maybe a hundred treaties containing isds . 
  since the failure of the wto round , the number has leapt up dramatically - [ number of ftas ] ( http://www.rieti.go.jp/en/papers/contribution/urata/data/03_figure.gif ) . 
  the number of isds cases has , unsurprisingly , increased in line with the number of free trade treaties . 
  it 's not so much that `` lawyers are quickly realizing that this is an important document and they can use it in the companies favor '' , as that isds is available where previously it was n't . 
  details of cases are now published . 
   after the tsunami in japan . 
  germany decided to close all their nuclear reactors . 
  but they ran into problem . 
  yep someone threatened isds on it . 
  there was a dispute forgot how it ended . 
  it has n't . 
  there have been two isds cases by the same company , vattenfall . 
  the first one was settled in the company 's favour , the second , which you reference , has not been concluded . 
   she obviously has an axe to grind and is n't going to let any facts stop her . 
  seems that way : [ syriza 's victory and what comes next : claudia ciobanu ] ( http://www.criticatac.ro/lefteast/syrizas-victory-and-what-comes-next-claudia-ciobanu-romania-poland/ ) no problem with journalists having a position , but including the point that `` claudia ciobanu is a romanian freelance journalist based in poland . 
  she also works with the environmental ngo bankwatch . '', 
  on the euractiv article would make it clearer that axe-grinding rather than objectivity will definitely be a feature . 
  a legal contract by the government of a democratic country is a legal contract . 
  it 's not particularly urgent . 
  greece 's debt interest payments are lower than several other countries ' , as a proportion of either gdp or government revenue . 
  `` unsustainable '' does not mean that debt repayments or interest are unsustainable . 
  what debt relief would really allow is greece to go back to the markets , which would enable them to avoid reforms . 
  both parts of that - the debt relief and the avoidance of reforms - would wind up costing the rest of the eurozone 's taxpayers .
