   what i meant is that it 's not just for the the french and is not bad , since it 's in the interest of europeans . 
  your comment seemed to go against that , or so did i understand it sure - i deliberately chose a common eurosceptic way of phrasing the defence of gdos . 
  not sure why , now ... 
  indeed , hence the example of parmesan , which is italian . 
  ireland has , i think , maybe 2 ? 
  connemara lamb and something called a ` blaa ' from waterford . 
   a statement by a low-level french government official and a small minority ( 55/650 ) of british mp 's will hardly cause the negotiations to fail , imo . 
   also i think the fact that france said its keeping a cancellation of negotations ` on the table ' is more about having leverage in the negotiations rather than a real threat to the treaty . 
  this is part of the reason major negotiations are conducted in secrecy - it cuts down ( although nothing can ever eliminate ) this kind of posturing . 
  die welt has that the wrong way round . 
  as usual , the eu is fiercely determined to protect french farmers and their `` appelation controllee '' . 
  the battle taking place is actually that the us does n't want to give up the right to sell `` parmesan cheese '' as a type of cheese rather than a geographical designator * in the us * , which it will have to if the eu gets its way . 
  the best myths always have an element of truthiness in them , even if it 's usually the mirror image of the actual truth . 
   i fully expect that the switch to a fossil-free energy economy will happen just about twenty years too late , and it will be sold as the saviour of the world , just in time to prevent even worse climate change . 
  that 's the great thing about climate change - it 's never too late to prevent it getting * worse * . 
  and that 's not actually a comforting thought . 
   say we stopped using the fuels that let us actually run things and try to keep this massive 7billion + world population afloat tomorrow , what happens ? 
  silly things , i guess , because * nobody * is suggesting we simply stop using fossil fuels in a day . 
  we have time to limit climate change without massive disruption . 
  we have * already * taken steps without disruption . 
  we need to continue doing so . 
  maybe we could also ... i dunno ... do something about the cause ? 
  in paris ? 
  this year ? 
  instead of letting things go to shit and shooting the consequences ? 
  just a thought . 
   it was n't publicly available when it was leaked . 
  publishing a document in may does not mean the document was publicly available in april . 
   `` redefine ? '', 
  if i have a document and you are n't allowed to see it , it is `` secret '' from you by any reasonable definition of the word . 
  except that we 've now moved from ` secret ' meaning something you 're never going to see to you basically complaining that you do n't see documents as soon as they 're created , which is a rather less reasonable complaint , and a very much weaker meaning of the word ` secret ' . 
   this is like saying the ttip draft chapters are n't secret now because they 're going to be published within the next several years . 
  that 's not an entirely unreasonable way to look at it . 
  the text will be available before your representatives vote on it ... so there will be time to decide , on the basis of the final version , whether you think your representatives should vote yes or no to it . 
  strikes me that `` omg it 's * secret * !! '', 
  does n't mean much there , practically speaking . 
  because , let 's be clear , calling ttip a `` secret deal '' has a big implication that it will affect your life without you being able to know the details , and that 's not the case . 
  ttip is secret only in the sense that all legislation is secret before it gets published . 
  it 's not nsa / prism secret , which is the clear implication of calling ttip ` secret ' . 
   i swear this post only keeps getting recycled because it 's long and uses lots of technical terms , and is therefore impressive to people who generally support free trade but have n't been following negotiations very closely . 
  or possibly because it contains a genuine explanation which you do n't like , even though you actually repeat parts of its arguments yourself . 
  the gist of it is very simple - negotiations on a treaty need ideally to end up in a win-win scenario . 
  publishing details while negotiations are happening , far from discouraging vested interests and lobbyists from influencing negotiations , hands them far more leverage with which to affect them . 
  that makes it less likely that the negotiations can produce a win-win . 
  and no , you have n't dealt with those arguments at all . 
  all you 've done is point-blank refuse them , and say instead that publishing everything is the best way to counter lobbyists . 
  the difference between your position and jeff 's is that jeff has supported his arguments , and you have not - not only that , but you have in fact agreed with the point he makes , but reckon it 's ok because it would enable pressure you approve to be applied , while somehow not seeing how that becomes equally possible for everyone , including the lobbyists you oppose . 
  i 'd imagine that you believe that public pressure is something only the public can do , and see it as some kind of counter-balance to the secret and more effective tactics of lobbyists for vested interests . 
  i 'd say the opposite both ways - public pressure is something vested interests do very well , and it 's more effective against elected politicians than lobbying , which consists primarily of persuasion and the provision of ( slanted/spun ) information to information-starved politicians . 
  it 's relatively easy for negotiators to resist pressure from a couple of guys in the lobby , it 's relatively hard for politicians to resist the pressure of negative headlines or farmers driving tractors through the city centre . 
  i 'd be less sanguine about secrecy during negotiations , i guess , were it not for the various negotiations that happened over northern ireland down the years . 
  some of them were very public and unsuccessful , the successful ones were held in secret ( although , again , the details were public before a referendum here ) . 
  why did the public ones fail and the secret ones succeed ? 
  because the public ones were dogged by uk tabloids screaming about government hypocrisy and ` negotiating with terrorists ' on the one hand , armchair irish nationalists yelling on the other about a betrayal of our glorious dead , and both sides in the north seizing on everything that looked even slightly negative for them and turning it into street violence . 
  that put immense pressure on the politicians to declare their utter rejection of negotiating with terrorists , to proclaim their undying allegiance to the ideals of irish republicanism , or to thump their pulpits and thunder their utter and complete refusal to have anything to do with any of it . 
  all very transparent , all very helpful . 
  because politicians in the spotlight do what * looks * good , not what 's best . 
  and what usually * looks * best in negotiations is hard ball , red lines , and grandstanding . 
  it just does n't actually * work * well . 
  so , yeah , excuse me if your belief that complete transparency is always best strikes me as founded more on doctrine than facts . 
  we 'll see the text before it gets voted on - the real reason for wanting to see it * now * , i suspect , is in order to be able to use exactly the leverage that jeff describes in his post to influence the negotiations - to open the negotiations to your personally preferred brand of pressure . 
   right , so i do n't know why you 're trying to pass off leaked documents as `` publicly available . '', 
  er , because the document in question is publicly available ? 
  it 's on the eu website , and anyone can download and view it , which i would have said qualifies as `` publicly available '' . 
  unless we redefine as ` secret ' anything which can be leaked in advance of publication , that is , although i would have said that makes everything ` secret ' . 
   ties their hands how , specifically ? 
  by preventing them from offering concessions that would result in public backlash ? 
  that 's a good thing , democratically speaking . 
  funnily enough , it is n't - it 's actually a way for vested interests to put pressure on negotiators . 
  since / u/savannajeff has just shamelessly borrowed from me , i 'll equally shamelessly borrow from him , and suggest reading [ this post ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3aokfu/fracking_poses_significant_risk_to_humans_and/cseosy3 ) . 
  after all , he did his masters thesis on trade negotiation . 
   that aside , allowing public access during the negotiation process mitigates the influence that lobbyists have ( by forcing them to convince not only the politicians , but also the public that they represent ) and acts as a safeguard to prevent bad/unpopular provisions from making it to any final agreement . 
  well , again i 'd point to jeff 's post , since that tells you why the opposite of that is the case . 
  common sense is often a poor guide . 
   `` most people wo n't read them '' is an argument that can be used to classify virtually everything the government does . 
  it does n't matter if the vast majority of the public is n't interested or does n't have the expertise to analyze the documents themselves . 
  that 's the role that civilian experts and journalists are meant to fill in a democratic society . 
  i do n't actually agree with the us on that point , but it is the view they espouse . 
   it 's pretty much impossible for it not the pass in the us due to the fast-track it is on ( no matter how much the citizens might protest ) . 
  in the eu , regulators might be able to drag it out long enough to allow them to read it ( i hope ) , but i would n't be surprised if we did n't see some attempts to expedite the process ( or limit exposure ) in the eu during the release , or massive payoffs in parliament . 
  some governments may choose to expedite the process , if they can , but i do n't think any of the eu governments have an equivalent of the fast-track . 
  if ttip is a mixed agreement , as seems to be generally agreed as likely , then each parliament in the eu ( including the eu parliament ) will have to schedule dates to debate and vote on the treaty . 
  as said earlier , that 's expected to take maybe a year by the time every parliament has agreed a date in the legislative agenda - and most parliaments will want to provide themselves with enough time to read it . 
  most parliaments also have minimum periods for legislative scrutiny , so the scheduling will also have to take that into account . 
  of all the parliaments involved , i 'd expect the european parliament to be the most likely to delay the process . 
  no government to try to push them into line , and quite possibly meps will want to delay a vote until after the national votes while their domestic political party decides its position ( particularly s&d ) . 
  the parliamentary process in the member states is pretty well covered in a [ recent study ] ( https://stop-ttip.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/eschbach_ratification-ttip-ceta-in-eu-ms.pdf ) . 
  as to `` massive payoffs '' ... ok . let me know if you have evidence for that happening on such a scale past the nineteenth century . 
   and essentially if i want my company to be recognized in the negotiations i need a lot of money ( or lots of high-up connections ) ? 
  no , you need to be recognised as representing a large interest in terms either of people or economy . 
  employ massive amounts of people , form the keystone of an industry body , be a big ngo . 
   the document i linked to was is dated to march 2015 and was leaked april 2015 . 
  the document you have linked to is dated to april 2015 and publicly released may 2015 . 
  it was only released after the leak . 
  that 's because it 's an update of the february version , like it says on the page . 
   the point is that any documents that are available to all negotiating parties should also be available publicly . 
  this does n't impact the bargaining positions of the various negotiators , which was the reason you gave for secrecy being necessary . 
  it was one of the reasons . 
  the other reason given was that access to what is not a final document ( because none of the ` consolidated texts ' are final before the whole agreement is concluded ) also ties the hands of negotiators . 
  given that the whole treaty has to be available for a good while before it 's voted on , what need is there for public disclosure that balances the difficulties it causes ?
