  keeps boris busy , out of trouble , and out of the country frequently . 
  purely in the context of what 's good for may as a politician . 
  but , eh , that 's been the whole thing , so i guess , yeah . 
   article from 2012 mentioning norway 's ( amongst other countries ) desire to get plain packaging first , 2012 is not `` a decade '' ago . 
  hopefully we do n't have to argue about that - four is * not * ten . 
  second , this is nothing but an expression that they would like to do something - it 's not legislation . 
  third , norway began the process of public consultation etc early last year , before the pmi case was settled , so i do n't see how one could claim that isds prevented the legislation happening during the interim . 
   well norway was the world leader in tobaccos legislation and was the first country to ban smoking in bars and restaurants . 
  which is not the same thing . 
  and ireland was the first to ban it in workplaces , in 2004 . 
   it has , because countries has not had such legislation for an extended time period . 
  no , that effect is a different effect . 
   yes it is , because while this delaying tactic is going on there is no new regulation . 
  and if a country can be deterred for years from implementing policy that is a chilling effect ok , aside from your tendency to confuse 4 with 10 , and mentions with legislation , let 's have a look at * normal * legislative delays . 
  why ? 
  because you ca n't really claim that isds-related delays are a huge negative effect if the timescales of such delays are entirely normal for legislation . 
  let 's look at ireland 's plain packaging laws , since i think even you have to agree that plain packaging laws are relevant here ( quoting wikipedia here ) :  in may 2013 , ireland announced plans to become the second country in the world to introduce plain-pack cigarettes . 
  [ 96 ] in june 2014 the irish government said it would legislate to implement plain packaging . 
  details of the bill known as the public health ( standardised packaging of tobacco ) bill 2014 were published on 10 june 2014 . 
  `` there is a wealth of international evidence on the effects of tobacco packaging in general and on perceptions and reactions to standardised packaging which support the introduction of this measure , '' ireland 's health minister james reilly said when releasing details of the bill . 
  [ 6 ] the bill was signed by president michael d. higgins on 10 march 2015 . 
  from may 2016 packaging manufactured for the irish market is to be plain and the sale of plain packs is to be compulsory from may 2017 . 
  [ 97 ] however , development of the new legislation has suffered a delay , so that the law should eventually not be in force before 2017 . 
  so , that 's what , three and a half years from the announcement that they * will * develop plain packing laws to likely implementation , assuming implementation in early 2017 . 
  and it 's nothing to do with isds , because ireland is n't party to any isds-containing treaties . 
  come to that , the initial delays in australia were caused by an australian high court case taken by philip morris claiming that plain packaging was ` unconstitutional ' ( they lost ) , and then a series of three cases by other countries ( the dominican republic , honduras , and ukraine ) through the wto in addition to the isds case . 
  yet you do n't mention these cases , are perhaps not even aware of them ? 
  why not ? 
  clearly they also cause delays - the differences are that the high court case was domestic , the wto cases taken by other governments . 
  to you , though , this is apparently * all * the fault of the isds case . 
  the delays caused by isds are n't anything outside the normal . 
  yet you want to class that as a `` chilling effect '' . 
  why not just admit that you have an existing objection to isds , and are simply trying to lay the blame for * anything * less than perfect that happens on isds ? 
   so then norway delaying for a decade counts . 
  i 'm not sure where this claim comes from . 
  norway certainly does n't seem to have had any plans to introduce plain packaging before now , and definitely not in 2006 ( australia is generally cited as the `` world leader '' in the matter , and they only passed the legislation in 2012 , which is four years ago ) . 
  can you point me to a source for the claim ? 
   no but other countries were deterred by the lawsuit . 
  a point you keep ignoring . 
  no , i 've actually covered it * repeatedly * . 
  otherwise , what was i talking about nz for ? 
   irrelevant is n't it , since that 's what we 're discussing . 
  no , because we 're talking about what makes a legislative delay the same thing as prevention . 
  that 's a question which is not restricted to isds . 
   it did prevent it from being enacted in 2008 like planed but lisbon * has * been implemented . 
  not even you can claim that it `` did n't happen '' , or that what was implemented was significantly different from its original version . 
  and that 's the point . 
  `` chilling effect '' is legislation being prevented from happening - being made significantly different , killed off altogether , not enforced , or being implemented in such a different context as to significantly change its effects . 
  has the delay caused to australia 's plain packaging by the pmi case had any of those effects ? 
  has the delay caused to other countries ' plain packaging legislation had any of those effects . 
  again no . 
  what you 're arguing for as a `` chilling effect '' is n't one . 
  you 're basically arguing that countries may - on foot of actual , not potential , isds cases ( or domestic legal challenges ) - delay legislation without significantly altering it , or abandoning it , or failing to enforce it , while they wait to see what the outcome of the case is . 
  that 's not what the `` chilling effect '' is , and it is n't a regulatory chill . 
  claiming that it is is like claiming that proof-reading , or getting legal opinions , or public consultations , cause regulatory chill because they slow down the production of legislation . 
  public consultations , in fact , can `` delay '' legislation for years . 
  nor do we have a case where a government has chosen not to go ahead with planned policy legislation after a related ` successful ' ( for the company , that is ) isds case - correctly and unsurprisingly , pmi 's challenge failed , which makes it hard to know what any of the countries concerned would have done had they succeeded . 
   so which is it ? 
  extensive delays are part of the chilling effect or not ? 
  where they 're sufficient for the legislation or its context to have changed significantly - which if you recall was your argument for including delay - then yes . 
  otherwise no . 
  the timescales i gave were indicative only of such effects - please do n't try any `` but you said 10 , and 5 is like 10 , and you said 10 '' shite . 
  in the case of australia/pmi , no - clearly , neither the legislation nor the context changed . 
  for a counter-example ( non-isds ) look at the lisbon treaty . 
  it was drafted in mid-2007 , signed in late 2007 , went to referendum in ireland in mid 2008 , failed , was passed at a second referendum in autumn 2009 , and eventually came into force at the end of 2009 . 
  would you say that the first irish referendum `` prevented '' the treaty from happening ? 
  no , because - and we 've been over this - delay is not part of the chilling effect . 
  we 've been discussing the extent of legislative delays , but it is not part of the chilling effect . 
  i repeat that we 've been over this , and while you may like your definition of chilling effect , it 's purely your opinion and not what is generally meant . 
  you can revert to using it if you like , but i 'll stick with everyone else 's version . 
  when , as in this case , it causes you to become confused , i 'll remind you , as i 'm doing . 
  you can then ignore that , as you 've been doing , and eventually i 'll become bored and give up , and you can pretend to yourself that you 've won in some way . 
  how does that sound to you ? 
  i honestly do n't know what to say in the face of such a bizarre interpretation . 
  are you actually trying to understand what i 'm saying , and genuinely just having no success , or are you trolling me ? 
  i try to give every poster the benefit of the doubt , but i need some kind of assurance that this is n't just an extended wind-up ( or some strange belief that you 're saving the internet from my nefarious opinions by engaging me in an endless cycle of weird ) . 
  short answers to these couple of questions would help : * where did you get the idea of an `` isds council '' from ? 
  * where did you get the idea of pre-approval from ? 
   if you 're gong to try to tell lies be less obvious . 
  unless your poor confused mind thinks it 's 2012 . 
  but i get it , its hard to accept facts that contradicts your world view sigh . 
  see me talking about australia 's delay ? 
  no , i was talking about nz 's delay , i did n't talk about australia , because that 's a different issue . 
  only in one case can isds be said to have a chilling effect as per the literature , and it 's not in australia 's case . 
  australia had a case to settle . 
  you really do n't get this at all , do you ? 
  you just see australia delaying its legislation while a case is * settled * , and you go `` chilling effect omg !!! '' . 
  australia did n't delay its legislation because it feared isds - which is what the `` chilling effect '' is about - it delayed it while an isds case was * settled * . 
  i know , i know . 
  you do n't see the difference . 
  anything that happens that is less than absolutely optimal and which can be attributed to isds is `` chilling effect '' as far as you 're prepared to understand it . 
   so you did n't even read my reply ? 
  i read enough to recognise that you do n't apparently understand isds , and either do n't read what i write , or just pretend to yourself i said something else ( hence my comment ) . 
  after that i stopped , because it seems like a complete waste of time . 
  the `` submit legislation for pre-approval to an ` isds council ' '' rubbish pretty much confirmed that i had done the right thing . 
  long detailed posts that contain inaccuracy , misinterpretation and sheer wilful ignorance are n't worth dealing with when it 's clear that nothing will be changed by doing so . 
  sure , you can come back with `` well , if you think i 'm wrong , tell me where '' , but you 're not going to change anything even when the error is a clear and simple factual one , which makes it a huge waste of time to do as requested . 
  i 'd happily do it if i thought that doing so was going to lead anywhere but to a further immensely long and detailed post full of all the same rubbish over again , but that 's exactly where it goes with you ( or earblah , or a couple of other posters whose handles i ca n't recall immediately ) . 
  i do n't mind responding to short posts by you , but long posts are only worth it when they 're not obviously just a larger dish of tripe . 
  i 'm sure you feel the same about my posts , so there 's a clear mutual benefit available here .
