  as for `` ireland was blackmailed '' - ireland was dipping into the ecb 's coffers for two-thirds of their emergency funding at a time when other countries also desperately needed support , and were doing so purely in order to avoid potentially unpopular action themselves . 
  they were `` blackmailed '' by being told it could n't continue . 
  your post is basically a retread of popular populist false claims about the crisis and europe , and they do n't get any more true by repetition . 
  great . 
  one of the few non-invasive ways to travel is going to get as shitty as airports . 
   that is probably true . 
  i think a big problem in recent years is that people are being divided into pro-eu and anti-eu . 
  not considering what structure does the eu need to work optimally , or even well . 
  the economy is too diverse for a single currency according to the conventional theory , there is no demos according to junker . 
  it seem to have be those who want a full steam ahead to a superstate and or complete break up where as neither seems to be rational . 
  i 'd agree that the discussion focuses on `` federal superstate vs breakup '' , although i 'd say that both those positions are put forward by the `` abolition '' side - there are very few vocal eu federalists in the english-speaking world , while there are very large numbers of eurosceptics claiming that the alternative to their preference is a superstate , and that those who are n't abolitionists are federalists . 
  but that 's the public debate in media and social media , where extreme positions tend to be adopted as more exciting . 
  there 's also a debate at the political/constitutional level , which is much more about institutional and constitutional balance , which is less exciting but more productive . 
  occasionally , the two come together , as when the european parliament rode the `` democracy = election '' meme to an important constitutional coup in the last elections . 
  the media wants to hear from people who want to break the eu up , or make it into a superstate , because both of those are dramatic options which readers will agree or disagree with strongly - which sells papers and ad space . 
   `` the rant about capitalism is unnecessary because i disagree with it '' actually no ( although i did think it was too ranty ) , but many people will . 
  if you 're trying to point out a particular danger , you should ideally keep other elements of your personal agenda out of the warning , because people tend to accept or reject on the basis of their agreement with the whole piece . 
  a surveillance state is not inherent to capitalism , and the fight against it should not be turned into any kind of left-right issue . 
  the rant about capitalism is unnecessary - the problem of `` for your security '' is a perfectly serious issue all by itself . 
  radical islam poses no existential threat to the liberal west - the `` response to radical islam '' does . 
   it is easy to envision an alternative past in which these institutions were slowly handed over to the people of the colonised countries instead , ending up with functioning institutions though tainted by colonialism . 
  perhaps this could have prevented some of the internal struggles of these countries . 
  of course , the local people might not have wanted to cooperate at all , understandably ireland , to some extent , went that route . 
  we were colonised , possibly for one of the longest periods ever experienced by a country which subsequently became independent , but the growth of a native-identifying elite and its entry into the institutional structures of governance smoothed the transition , even though the final phase of independence was sudden , resulted from violence , and involved post-independence civil war . 
  we 're resource-poor , though , so a kleptocracy that supported itself by buying in external military technology/force was n't really a possible outcome - which puts us back at the resource-curse explanation again . 
  in any situation where it 's possible for a local elite to maintain its position by trading primary resources for external military technology/force there 's going to be a problem as long as the external trade partners can provide adequate technology as exchange . 
  after all , pre-industrial political structures in the developed world usually followed the same pattern - relatively small elites dominated primary-producer masses by virtue of a monopoly of effective military technology . 
  you could say that the us ' right to bear arms is a recognition of exactly that . 
   president micheal d higgins is one of the best speakers i 've seen in recent times in ireland or abroad . 
  true that . 
  and there tends to be quite a bit of intellectual meat in his non-political speeches . 
   he is asking you where all the protests where when the pro eu government was doing it , why is the eu protesting this government over their silence when it was done by their allies ? 
  because they 're different problems . 
  the criticism is n't aimed at illegitimate appointments which were reversed as under the previous government , but at the new quorum laws for the supreme court and the new media ownership laws . 
   there is really no smart/effective way for europe to function without some sort of a union that 's the long and the short of it , really . 
  if it broke up on monday , there would be talks on the new one starting tuesday morning . 
  tariffs and quotas are set for most third countries , and can be pretty restrictive - the same can be set for the uk as for any other wto member . 
   china , us , japan , australia , canada , south korea all sell stuff to the eu and have no problem abiding by eu rules and do n't want to join the eu . 
  mm , no . 
  that 's a different thing . 
  those countries ' manufactures have to pass eu quality standards , but they do n't have to adhere to eu single market rules because they 're outside the tariff wall and their exports to the eu are subject to tariffs , quotas etc. 
   the referendum campaign is going to be one big ` okay , this is what the eu does and how it works . ', 
  and then people will decide if they want to stay based on that . 
  i rather doubt that . 
  referendums are n't usually the most factual of debates . 
   business or people , who come first in this equation ? 
  people who need businesses ... businesses who employ people ... it 's not an either/or . 
   plot twist : the investigation is also going to result in an orgy . 
  involving a series of internal oversights ... we 'll just have to hope nobody gets pregnant . 
   or your definition of `` 50-year storms '' is bad . 
  the uk 's meteorology records would mostly preclude that . 
   these days it seems like any time something does or does n't happen , or any time it 's hot or cold or in between , that 's something proof of climate change . 
  in the media , possibly . 
  in the scientific community , no . 
  if you believe the media report science accurately , i have some bad news . 
   `` internal oversight services '' launched an investigation heh . 
   on the other hand , the frequency of freakishness is an argument for climate change - when you start getting 50-year storms every 5-10 years , your climate is changing . 
   last i heard from the swedish meterologists , there was no indication there had been more storms so far , or that a rising temperature would lead to more storms . 
  for sweden , afaik , the projections are uncertain . 
  for the uk and ireland , particularly the bits currently flooded , the projections include increased storminess . 
  part of the uk last time i checked . 
  it 's southerly - they 'll hardly get full force . 
  good lord - what 's that other country near the uk ? 
  eire-something ? 
  i 'm not sure where the `` in their blood '' thing comes from . 
  european emigrants to america had * experienced * the things america chose not to be , from the inside of that society , as natives of it . 
  europeans in modern europe have n't experienced sharia society from the inside - the `` other '' sharia posits is entirely external and foreign to them . 
   i suppose this does n't mean other countries do n't have `` the other , '' but i think almost all do . 
  we do n't define ourselves by not being english , though . 
  it may seem that way from outside , perhaps , but it 's not the case - and being half and half , and having lived in both , i think i can state that pretty definitively . 
  being irish is being irish , a thing in itself , just as being english is . 
  come to that , we do n't mind the english being irish , if they want to be - they 're more fun that way than when they 're being english . 
  we 're unarmed cultural imperialists . 
   i 'm btw , actually criticising the `` identity formed in reaction to the other '' argument made by op in my post . 
  i know - i 'm similarly criticising the op 's claim , but i just could n't resist the `` two unrelated people '' thing from your post . 
   the other was , just as it is in my suggestion of the sharia-society as the other , an abstract other idea of society , not `` a group of people '' . 
  sharia-society is n't just an abstract idea of society , though - it 's a specific implementation belonging to a specific set of people practising a specific religion . 
  very importantly , and entirely unlike the us republican-vs-monarchy divide , it 's not one the majority of people in europe have been a part of . 
  it does n't therefore lend itself to an abstract rejection of a personally experienced political-religious-economic framework , but to a more concrete rejection of a real society and people . 
  it 's an actual physical `` other '' , not the `` other that we used to be '' or the `` other we could be '' . 
  one of the major points of us identity was its inclusiveness , and one of the key points they rejected was the exclusiveness of european religious culture . 
  admittedly , it was a narrow inclusiveness , which downgraded the humanity of non-whites , and was unable to tolerate mormonism in its original form ... and the more i think about it the fewer useful parallels or lessons it seems to offer to the situation in modern europe . 
  we are neither trying to build a new society in a country free of any previous inhabitants we consider legally equivalent to white people , nor escaping from pervasive religious intolerance into ( limited ) tolerance . 
  america did not build a tolerant or inclusive or equal society - it built a deeply divided and unequal one . 
  i see no reason why we would wish to emulate that . 
   it 's a little bit like putting two unrelated people in a room and telling them `` well , you 're married now ! '', 
  the unrelated bit * is * pretty standard . 
   we all know that social identities are constructed by defining itself in opposition to an other . 
  now history has presented a perfectly suited other in the form of anti-enlightenment , anti-individual-emancipation sharia society . 
  but many federalists appear to hesitate , after the charlie hebdo bombings i did get the impression that a historic window of opportunity for europe had opened , but now it appears to be rather fading out . 
  dear federalists , what exactly makes you miss this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity ? 
  perhaps at least partly because a european identity is necessarily inclusive , and it 's hard for an inclusive identity to define itself by exclusion , or for the kind of people who favour inclusive identities to even want to define their identity in such a way . 
  in fact , i 'd take issue with the idea that the `` other '' needs to be an identifiable and specified group of people . 
  i know what i do n't want to be without having to externalise those characteristics and pin them on another group of real people - because being the sort of person who does that is a big part of what i do n't want to be . 
   freakish weather exists since weather is chaotic while climate is not !, 
  on the other hand , the frequency of freakishness is an argument for climate change - when you start getting 50-year storms every 5-10 years , your climate is changing . 
  and another argument - more relevant here - is that while ` freakish ' happens , this is freakishly freakish . 
  as the op says , if this happened in a summer month , it would be front page news . 
   do you have a map like that of ireland ? 
  http://www.met.ie/climate/images/climate_rainfallmap.gif  does ireland have no affect on stopping the rain ?
