  he could marry him , though . 
  `` sir , my interlocutor is mad . '', 
  `` that 's a terrible ad hominem !, 
  deal with his points . '', 
  `` but sir , he 's just barking random words and chewing the furniture . '', 
  `` deal with his points ! '', 
   they do n't produce anything in ireland or do they ? 
  they do :  today , its irish operations serve a variety of roles ranging from sales support ; distribution ; technology support and customer care ; mapping and manufacturing . 
  i 'm not sure apple 's irish operations would be quite so easy if there was nothing but forest and bog . 
   i do n't think that they are putting huge strain on ... basic services , education and health care because i am sure that they pay social tax on employees hired in ireland . 
  they do , but so ? 
  social tax does n't fully or solely fund those . 
  if it did , why would we not just have a 0 % corporation tax ? 
   its not like they 'll get a better deal elsewhere , and thus they stay right where they are exactly so . 
  nevertheless , the irish government has to be seen to bat for apple here , both to show apple they love them and because the irish government is the other party at fault here . 
  justice , governance , infrastructure , basic services , education , health ... 
  dammit , that 's set me back a couple of hours rewatching old episodes ... 
   in my opinion if people had been more honest the uk should 've been in the eea or some sort of single market only agreement from the first day anyway and never in the eu . 
  that 's why the uk founded the eea . 
  but they did n't like following eu rules without having a seat at the decision table , so they opted for the eu . 
  this is what the eu wanted to do with ttip , but could n't because the us makes all trade negotiations automatically confidential . 
  interesting to see the eu feels it can simply insist on it here - says a lot about the perception of the uk 's negotiating position . 
   target2 worries are way overblown . 
  but it sounds scaaaaary . 
  it would probably have to leave out services and non-tariff barriers , for a start . 
  that 's a free trade deal which can only work for about 20 % of the uk 's economy . 
   the bad news is that we are going to go through a transition period where a poorer middle east will actually have a growing number of people willing to be `` soldiers '' in some misguided campaign . 
  we might even be seeing some of that right now , as money has been tight for a few years now . 
  i 'd put it down more to the destabilisation of iraq , plus the demographic crisis they 're going through . 
  the good news is that the other side of the demographic crisis is more broadly spread wealth and smaller families , which would mean a diminishing number of such people . 
  on the flip side of that is the fact that increasing inequality in western countries produces more people available for radicalisation - think of the seventies in europe , with bader-meinhof , red brigades , eta , the ira , whose combined terrorism ` output ' was much higher than islamic terrorism today . 
   islam has failed . 
  not even that . 
  because there are plenty of well-integrated muslims in europe . 
  a couple of rather specific brands of islam wo n't integrate , most particularly wahhabism . 
  and if the west , particularly the anglosphere , stopped supporting saudi , that would be a lot less of a problem . 
   from the media that probably spammed articles on how you shoud be scared yep . 
  came here to say this . 
   that 's like saying i 'm blurring the line between me and my brain . 
  actually , a bit of research into ai and consciousness will suggest that 's not unreasonable . 
   my point is that it is an internal investigation . 
  yes , within the state . 
  i do n't think we 're disagreeing as such . 
   a democratic un would also help with other international issues we face , such as establishing a unified response to global warming or addressing the legitimacy problem of international military action . 
  i would n't have any objection to that , but most governments would , i think , which is why it has n't happened and would n't appear to be on the cards . 
  still , that 's just a particular court of higher authority , rather than an alternative . 
   the state is not a party to anything , it is the mediator . 
  even in cases where private parties sue state institutions , what is in fact on trial are individual persons who may have abused their positions . 
  well , no , it is also possible , and indeed common , to sue the * government * of the state ( which is a state institution ) rather than individuals , and you 're not correct there . 
  no individual needs to be named , or found guilty of wrongdoing , for the government to lose a case - the government as an institution can be found to be in the wrong . 
  that applies even where the people constituting the government have changed , or indeed are long gone . 
  for example , you could sue the irish government for its failure to intervene in cases like the magdalene laundries , or for institutional abuse , even though many of the people concerned are long dead . 
  i think you 're also blurring the distinction between government and state . 
  a state can not do anything - it 's not a mediator , but the framework or ground on which all the actors act . 
  it 's the thing to which the laws of the land are attached , and the government acts on its behalf , but it 's not an actor itself . 
   indeed , by definition , there can not be an authority higher than a sovereign state . 
  to give someone , anyone , authority over the state is then , by definition , a breach of sovereignty . 
  additionally , to give someone other than the voting population authority over the state is undemocratic . 
  creating a higher authority , such as an isds tribunal , that is not democratically elected is not inherently wrong , but it is , by definition , undemocratic . 
  in my personal opinion , there must not be any authority higher than that which is democratically elected . 
  that is , in fact , the reason isds operates by way of tribunals - because they 're * not * courts , and * do n't * have authority over the parties to the case . 
  they are in fact a mediation process , with no authority to call the parties or make judgement in their absence . 
  a government can entirely ignore an isds case if it likes , drag its feet , or act the maggot - it may get bad publicity , but it will never get a summons , or the bailiffs coming round . 
  the real loss it suffers by doing so is the loss of the goodwill of the other party to the agreement , which it presumably wants , or it would n't have signed the agreement in the first place . 
  a free trade agreement is essentially a contract between governments - such and such treatment for your companies in return for such and such treatment for ours . 
  it does not have the force of law , but on the other hand it does require someone you can go to if it 's not being honoured . 
  without something like isds , you have two choices - no redress options , or a court with authority over the parties . 
  no redress makes such agreements pointless and easily breached ( most environmental agreements are like that ) , while a court with authority is , as you say , a loss of sovereignty ( ` breach ' suggests something forced on you ) . 
  that 's why we have isds in its current form - ad hoc arbitration tribunals without authority , so as not to impugn the sovereignty of the countries party to the treaty . 
  it follows from that , i would say fairly clearly , that isds is not undemocratic because it is quite carefully crafted not to be a higher authority . 
  can you suggest another alternative ? 
  i 'll take the first part first . 
  this is a run-down of the canadian government 's position on pcb exports and basel : https://www.ec.gc.ca/lcpe-cepa/default.asp?lang=en&amp;n=43510ba1-1&amp;offset=3&amp;toc=hide  in february 1997 , following a review of the 1996 us pcb waste import rule , the revised pcbwer were adopted in canada and the canadian border reopened to the export of pcb wastes . 
  these regulations allow the export of pcb waste only to the united states but only for disposal at an authorized facility other than a landfill . 
  this landfill prohibition is consistent with the technical guidelines under basel convention on the transboundary movement of hazardous wastes . 
  there has never been a complete ban required by basel , and the canadian government , from the above , regards the ( highly regulated ) export to the us for the purposes of disposal as compliant with basel . 
  the problem , the one that caused the isds case , was the 1995 interim order . 
  as per the link :  in 1995 , the u.s. moved to open the border for a broader range of pcb waste from canada . 
  in order to have time to assess whether the pcbs being exported would be subject to environmentally sound management , canada obtained an interim order temporarily banning the export of canadian pcb waste to the united states in 1995 . 
  before 1995 , the us only allowed import into the us of us-government-owned pcb wastes :  canada permitted the export of canadian pcb wastes only to the united states and only for destruction in the 1990 pcb waste export regulations created under cepa , 1988 . 
  at the time , the united states border had been closed to pcb imports since 1980 . 
  the only exports of pcb wastes from canada allowed into the united states in the early 1990s were united states government-owned pcb wastes to be returned to that country for disposal . 
  canada allowed export to the us , the us only allowed import of its own waste . 
  canadian * companies * had to dispose of pcb waste in canada , using a canadian company . 
  but when the us government opened up for wider pcb waste import in 1995 , the option became available for canadian companies to export their waste to the us - a cheaper option than using the canadian pcb disposal companies . 
  what happened was that the canadian government immediately banned the export of pcb waste to the us in order to protect the canadian pcb disposal companies against the sudden us competition . 
  that 's the vital point - the move had nothing to do with basel , because you can export for disposal under basel . 
  it was a purely protectionist move , to give the canadian pcb waste disposal companies time to get their act together . 
  sd myers were the main us competition to canadian pcb disposal companies , which is how they wound up taking the isds case . 
  a canadian company also took a case in canada , for the extra costs they incurred because they were being prevented from disposing of the pcb waste via the us :  fielding chemical can now sue the federal government for damages , for the extra costs it incurred in disposing of pcb waste because of federal orders closing the us border to pcb exports , and as a result of storing the pcb waste at its facility for additional years while losing the opportunity to use the land and equipment for other purposes . 
  the orders were issued in 1995 -- 1997 , purportedly for environmental reasons , under the canadian environmental protection act . 
  as a result , fielding was forced to use the alberta swan hills facility to destroy its pcb wastes , instead of the less expensive services offered by us company sd myers . 
  last month , fielding had an important success . 
   sd myers successfully challenged the orders under chapter 11 of the north american free trade agreement . 
  in 2000 , canada was ordered to pay sd myers $ 6,050,000 as damages plus costs , on the ground that the orders breached nafta and that `` there was no legitimate environmental reason for introducing the ban '' . 
  the federal court of canada upheld the award , concluding :  `` [ t ] here is no dispute that the canadian ban on pcb exports sought to protect the canadian companies from u.s. competition and was not for a legitimate environmental purpose '' : canada ( attorney general ) v. s.d. 
  myers , inc. , , [ 2004 ] 3 f.c.r. 
  368 ( t.d. 
  ) , at paras . 
  18 and 73 .
