  that , in turn , snowballs . 
  came for the hypocrisy . 
  have not been disappointed . 
  two thumbs up , would open thread again . 
  exactly - you have to give people enough time to think about it , then think about what they might do about it , then start organising it , then do it . 
  otherwise very little happens , if anything . 
  there seem to be standard elements there of `` there are problems with the politics of my country , i will attack the eu '' . 
  it 's interesting . 
  if it were down to the campaigns , and if the uk were a country used to holding referendums , i would say that the leave campaign have it in the bag at this point . 
  it looks similar to me to the first lisbon referendum at about the same distance from polling day . 
  the remain campaign is slightly better than our yes campaign was , but is still making a lot of the same mistakes - there are n't enough different remain campaigns , too many people are leaving it up to the government , which is doing a lacklustre job , too much concentration on the economic aspects when most leavers are concerned about social/constitutional issues . 
  on the other hand , i think the uk public is less involved/concerned than the irish public was , so the campaigns have less impact . 
  i think many more people will either be influenced much more strongly by their social group 's pre-existing stance , or by disinterest and a feeling that they do n't understand the issue well enough to vote on such a huge issue . 
  true - i could just have said `` people '' , even though that 's even more general . 
  however , i do n't think the point of the comparison is the content of the articles in this case . 
  i 'm not sure what journalists choose to say about something says anything about anything other than what the journalists have chosen to say about it . 
  frances fitzgerald is a her . 
  there 's nothing you would be able to do about it currently either , but neither can the government do that without controlling all prices . 
  have done this , in that alley , about 30 years ago . 
  bar the repeatedly - once was enough . 
  `` you lower yours , we 'll lower ours !, 
  everything will be crapper for everyone ! '', 
  `` i can not wait to see the look on the faces of the politicians and regulators who have spent their lives defining and increasing standards ! '', 
  `` no problem , here is a mirror . '', 
  it 's interesting that people do believe that the very same people who have spent their lives creating and raising standards will throw it all away for ... well , not even sure what for , really . 
  just because it 's `` secret '' , i guess . 
  * everything * secret is evil . 
  interestingly , the eu commission in ireland has a website covering lobbying for ngos : http://www.euireland.ie/eu_ngo/, 
   the idea of britain being the barrier between the eu and a federal european state is a scapegoat at its finest . 
  oh , the uk is hardly the only barrier to integration ( which does n't necessarily mean a federal state ) , but if it 's just scapegoating it 's a tiny bit surprising that the uk is holding a vote on leaving the eu . 
  it 's hard to call from a non-uk europhile perspective . 
  on the one hand , the uk leaving weakens the eu through the loss of the uk 's formidable economic , diplomatic , cultural and military presence . 
  on the other , the uk staying weakens the eu through the uk 's resistance to integration . 
   building toward the future is hard work full of many stumbles , but it 's worth the effort to try , together , to build toward lasting peace and cross cultural respect and cooperation . 
  to the sound of constant jeering , let 's not forget . 
  anything worth doing attracts constant mockery . 
  it would n't be entirely unreasonable to consider it part of the french ` informal empire ' in africa . 
  in banks and multinationals ? 
  for summer jobs ? 
  for au pair jobs ? 
  for oil rig work ? 
  for agricultural seasonal work ? 
  a hell of a lot of people , and constantly different people . 
  if people come to the uk and intend to stay , they 're immigrants , and they get recorded as such . 
  there are people whose job it is to record such statistics - they are not recorded by nin issue , because the nin issue means and records something else . 
  the number of national insurance numbers issued has nothing to do with the number of actual immigrants . 
  this is a marvellous piece of `` lies , damned lies , and statistics '' , and one regularly seen in migration debates in ireland . 
  if you work for even a week in the uk , you have to have a national insurance number , even if you immediately leave again afterwards . 
  are you an `` immigrant '' ? 
  no - yet you 'll show up as having registered for a national insurance number . 
  so this story is codswallop . 
  and the best thing about it as a scare story is that as long as you do n't understand why the numbers are different , you 're going to go on believing that the official figures are being fiddled . 
  they 're not , they represent different things . 
  note , by the way , the time of the story 's release - 8pm friday evening . 
  this is also a traditional time for releasing the kind of story in which you claim an `` official body '' - in this case the office for national statistics - is doing something they 're probably not , as backing for your scary story . 
  there 's no chance of the ons responding before monday at the earliest , by which time the idea will have been discussed , repeated , and settled into being a received truth . 
  ireland sees this kind of shite in every referendum . 
  welcome to the party !, 
  russia has n't asked . 
   well not exactly , erogan would still have gone crazy islamist since he was one before he was president . 
  yes ... and then they made him president . 
   also turkey is n't technically in europe to start with it spans europe and asia , as does russia . 
   which to me came across as saying that he 'd be arguing specifically for the uk to leave in that case . 
  it suggested the same to me , and that was the interpretation my comment was directed at . 
  he * should * continue arguing for brexit even if it 's been rejected at referendum if it 's something he believes should happen , because ( a ) the rejection is irrelevant to his belief that leaving is better , and ( b ) leaving remains an option even if the majority vote to remain . 
  since it 's an option , someone in a democracy should ideally be arguing for it . 
   maybe it made sense 10 years ago when they were a better country politically , but they 're taking a nose dive at the moment . 
  the continued stonewalling of eu accession talks has played quite a big part in that nose dive . 
  sure , but i do n't get that from :  i 've no intention of shutting up if we stay in , sorry . 
  your question as phrased seems to me to have the implication that one should no longer argue for what has been decided against by the majority , which is what i 'd take issue with . 
  admittedly his later comments make it clear he does think the uk should leave anyway , simply because it 's what he would prefer , and the majority should n't be able to dictate to the minority - or at least the minority he would be part of in that case , since evidently one can either be in or out , and if the uk left despite voting not to , then it would be a case of a minority dictating to the majority , which is self-evidently worse . 
  but i 've given up expecting logic in certain quarters . 
   how will you be able to justify arguing for something which a popular majority has rejected ? 
  how is that even a question ? 
  if nobody ever argued for what a popular majority had rejected , we would never have had the vast majority of progressive legislation . 
  democracy is - and * must * be - a market of opinions . 
  otherwise there is no choice , and thus no freedom , which renders democracy empty . 
   i think if we choose to stay in i think we need to move the eu in the direction we want it to to counteract german/french dominance . 
  i think that 's a reason many countries would like to see the uk stay in - but for the last decade or two the uk has been in , but not actually throwing its weight around . 
  the leave campaign 's claim that the uk lacks influence in the eu is fundamentally the uk 's own fault . 
  typical europe - reliable boring workaday technology rather than spacex . 
  try referendum , which is the only way you can change the constitution in ireland . 
   bank bailouts were n't all that common before 2008 and i do n't think it 's a good idea to feed into that assumption , especially if it goes against the interests of the irish taxpayer . 
  bank bailouts have happened in every single financial crisis . 
  in the only other case where an irish bank was likely to fail , they were bailed out . 
   reasons like it would bankrupt the economy and cause years of economic hardship . 
  everyone under thirty fucking off to the other side of the world that sort of thing . 
  unfortunately , those do n't actually prevent it being possible , and would happen anyway if the banks were allowed to collapse . 
   assets did n't cover liabilities . 
  that was why there was a bailout in the first place . 
  it 's a figure that is reached with the element of a metaphorical gun to the head but the figure is still agreed . 
  pretty much the same as saying that you agree to hand your money over to a robber . 
  you can use the word that way , but it robs it of any real meaning . 
  if the bank were wound up , and there were n't sufficient assets to cover liabilities , it 's not a matter of agreement that creditors get less than they 're owed - they just can not get what is n't there . 
  if , on the other hand , you mean that you can force bondholders to take a haircut because the bank 's assets do n't cover its liabilities , that is indeed the way it 's done - and was done to junior bondholders in 2011 . 
  it 's difficult to do it to senior bondholders because it 's less likely that the money really is n't there to cover what they 're owed . 
   it was billions , to hundreds of millions . 
  the point was that initially it was just the depositors taking the hit and it was n't by the same percentages . 
  the cyprus bail-in definitely covered both bonds and deposits . 
   they could only sue for the amount they would have received if there was n't an intervention by the government .
