   and yes you have to live side-by-side with russia , but ask yourself , do you want a russian satellite state separating your borders , or a independent buffer state ? 
  what do you think is more beneficial for the overall security situation ? 
  definitely the latter , but it 's not an automatic truth that piling pressure on now is the only way , the best way , or even * a * way to achieve that . 
  the example of the balkans is an example of the action of soft power , which is what was used after the military intervention . 
  what hard power did in the balkans was to stop the shooting , but it was soft power that brought the balkan countries out of the situation where shooting was likely any more . 
  as yet the ukraine is n't a shooting war - and if it becomes one , i 'd be surprised if the us intervenes militarily any more than they did in georgia . 
  and sure , i appreciate russia is n't going to let the eu have its way in the ukraine if it can prevent it , but , as has been pointed out , russia has a plenty of the harder kind of soft power too . 
  if the eu puts , say , trade sanctions on the ukraine , the russians can retaliate in kind , and the only result is to make the ukraine poorer and more unhappy . 
  if we go toe to toe with the russians , they can cut off gas supplies to most of the eastern eu . 
  that 's the thing , see - we live side by side with russia , and you do n't . 
  you 're talking about the kind of muscular intervention that works on the basis of distant enemies and hard power politics , not on the basis of close neighbours and working relationships . 
  i wo n't get started on the saddoes who see this as some kind of man-it-up dick-measuring contest . 
  that 's ironic , when you consider that the uk was the prime mover in the eastwards expansion , as part of their policy of a wider eu not a deeper one . 
  they do already , they just do n't use it as a bloc . 
  currently the eu adopts foreign policy on an intergovernmental basis , which means it only takes one dissenter for there to be no eu foreign policy . 
  to have a lot of * eu * hard power would involve not only spending the money but rationalising the forces to avoid duplication , * and * deciding to use it as a bloc on a majority basis . 
  for a lot of people/countries , including the bloc 's most powerful military country the uk , that 's a very long federal step too far . 
  eh , the fact that the russians have had to be overtly threatening does n't suggest a more skilfully played hand , but the opposite . 
  overall , while as i say i 'd like to see more action on ukraine , i 'd still go with henry v : `` when lenity and cruelty play for a kingdom , the gentler gamester is the soonest winner '' of course , he was thinking of not raping , killing , and looting , so it may not be entirely apposite , but i guess i 'd have to point to outcomes again - say balkans as against iraq . 
  a not dissimilar kind of study - even the strapline on the front is `` liberating 95 % of uk businesses from eu red tape '' . 
  it 's also based on the same open europe study , so it ca n't really help to establish the validity of another study based on the same source material . 
  sure , but that 's actually just a call to use soft power the same way you use hard power , by using it to threaten people . 
  the eu does n't actually * have * to do anything , really . 
  it can just wait , because it 's still going to * be * there , next to the ukraine , when the dust settles . 
  it 's still going to be the ukraine 's big export market , it 's still going to be a club that does things differently from russia and which the ukraine could enter . 
  the ukraine did n't start engagement negotiations because the eu threatened them , or intervened in their country - ukrainians are n't looking for eu engagement because the eu pays them or threatens them into doing so - they 're doing it because the eu is * there * , being what it is , right next to them . 
  gravity does n't have to send somebody to grab you and pull you towards a big mass . 
  you just slide towards it because it 's there - but there will always be impatient people who want to strap a rocket to you and get there faster , even if the result is a crash . 
  well , if they did , they 'd be as accurate then as they have been , by what you 're saying . 
  if the serious economic/governance case for euroscepticism is only * now * being made , then clearly the * existing * euroscepticism of the majority in the uk is * not * based on that serious case . 
  i 'm kind of tempted to pull experience on this one , because eu referendums - referendums in general , in fact - are regular occurences here in ireland , so if you 're politically interested then you have a pretty good idea of how these things work . 
  and what i 'd say on that basis is that nobody who 's genuinely interested in such things should pretend that these studies and reports are really the basis on which most people make up their minds . 
  they 're really just comfort blankets that help people go ahead and vote the way they * want * to . 
  in the case of the brixit referendum , i think it 's pretty much the case that the dominant position is an exit vote , and that that 's probably the way most brits * want * to vote - but they want to be confident that there are n't any major drawbacks to doing so , because really and truly despite the noise made about it , the eu is not a poll-topping concern ( even for ukip supporters ) . 
  so when i say that it 's how they * want * to vote , i do n't mean that there 's a solid and powerful public will , but rather a majority preference of various strengths , mostly probably fairly weak . 
  those preferences will translate into votes for an exit if voters can be convinced that there 's nothing to lose in an exit , because if there 's no cost to something then you might as well go with exactly what you want , no matter how little you want it . 
  that 's going to be tricky , though , because so far at least , uk business is coming out and saying that there * is * something to lose . 
  and unlike politicians , the only reason businesses have for saying there 's something to lose is that they actually do have something to lose . 
  they 're very self-interested , and that self-interest is not a political one , but an economic one . 
  if they say they would lose out in the event of a brixit , the only reason they can have for saying it is that they genuinely believe they will . 
  i do n't any number of `` economic studies '' commissioned by politicians really changes that for weak or undecided voters , particularly when those studies somehow end up saying exactly what the politicians would like you to believe . 
  oh noes , we 're not doing what the us wants . 
  sure , i 'd like the eu to get a bit more involved in the ukraine instability , but the us record of involvement in these things is not really great . 
  the us reflex is always active intervention , backing somebody who looks good at that moment , and it 's often only afterwards that it turns out the guy the us backed was if possible even further from the popular choice or what was needed than the people he replaced . 
  i ca n't help but feel they 're still fighting the cold war , and this is just another opportunity to stick it to moscow , so anyone is ok who 's the enemy of their enemy , whereas the eu would have to live with the result and pick up the pieces if the whole thing implodes . 
   the fact they 've already done a well-received paper on that subject is probably positive well , it was well-received by eurosceptics , and won what is basically a eurosceptic prize . 
  to quote the ft :  lord wolfson , a prominent eurosceptic ... is offering # 250,000 to the person who comes up with the best plan for winding up the euro in an orderly way . 
  the wolfson economics prize ... will be the second-largest cash prize for an academic economics after the nobel prize . '' -- financial times , october 19  that there are studies on the other question `` exit eu '' making the media to balance the preponderance of `` in eu '' arguments sorry - a `` preponderance of in eu arguments '' * in the uk * ? 
  are we talking about the * same * uk here ... ? 
  being respectable is not the same as being unbiased , though . 
  when you make your money by carrying out research , the research has to be of value to the client . 
  when your client is * asking * whether or not a course of action ( say investment in netherlands sovereign debt ) is a good idea , then the greatest value to your client is an unbiased answer . 
  but geert wilders is not * asking * whether leaving the eu is a good idea , and an unbiased answer is not of the greatest value to him . 
  he has commissioned the agency to support his case , and they have done so . 
  yes , the part of the study based on open europe is the regulatory chapter , but , yes , that 's a very important part of the conclusions , since a large part of the supposed costs to the dutch economy are those regulations . 
  that capital economics deem the open europe study valid does not make it valid , nor should one use just one source where there are multiple valid sources . 
  the conclusions of the open europe report on eu regulation have been challenged by the uk government , but no mention of that as a source is made . 
  the study seems to base a lot of its conclusions on the work of open europe , a uk think tank which in my experience can be guaranteed to give a negative slant to anything eu - for that reason , they 're the eurosceptics ' `` independent think tank '' of choice , and i 've never seen anyone else ( including the uk government ) accept their research as unbiased . 
  not only that , they 're using open europe in preference to other studies on the same subject , which exist ( and often from official sources ) , but which are n't even mentioned as alternative views . 
  that 's inevitably going to push the conclusions in a direction that their client pvv are going to be happy with , while being defensible as `` independent '' because open europe also call themselves `` independent '' . 
  more importantly , perhaps , i find it extremely hard to take seriously predictions of gdp in hypothetical situations and based on extremely limited data , when gdp prediction itself is a far less precise science than long-term weather forecasting . 
  on top of that , the scenario painted is a `` best of all possible worlds '' one , in which the post-eu dutch governments undertake , comprehensively , holistically , and without visible resistance those policies which are supposed on paper to lead to the best outcomes , while the world provides no nasty surprises which might upset the utopian picture . 
  also , while estimating the costs of a euro exit is necessarily imprecise , it seems to have been waved away here entirely , although multiple analyses at the height of the crisis put the costs for a euro exit by a member at significant fractions of national gdp . 
  overall , a study which despite its `` independence '' delivers an appraisal deliberately tailored to the preferences of the client . 
  which is , of course , how consultancies stay in business . 
  ireland . 
  it 's complicated . 
  strictly speaking , there is no eurosceptic party of any relevance . 
  the party that usually urges a no vote at eu referendums ( we have one on every eu treaty change ) is sinn fein , who are our nationalist party - but nationalism in ireland is about recovering northern ireland , and sinn fein are pro-immigration and internationalist , so they sometimes seems a little strained when they 're acting anti-eu , particularly since in government in northern ireland , they 're quite pro-eu . 
  in the ep , they sit with gue/ngl , not with people like efd , and i ca n't imagine for a moment them getting into any alliance with farage and ukip - he 's like a caricature of our old imperial masters . 
  nor is there any anti-immigrant party of any significance , and there 's more or less a voluntary ban on discussing immigration amongst ireland 's media and political classes . 
  that 's kind of reasonable , given that we 're a nation of emigrants ourselves ( although so are the brits ) . 
  we do have a specifically anti-immigrant party , our immigration control platform , but they 've never even come close to winning a seat in a local government election , never mind nationally or at the eu level . 
  we did of course give birth to libertas , who frightened the heck out of everyone in the 2009 euro elections , but turned out to be a paper tiger . 
  but even libertas were n't really anti-eu - in fact , it turned out that although they were capitalising on anti-eu sentiment , their leader is a euro-federalist who would like the eu remade along the lines of the usa . 
  as to the general public - we 're in a state of euro-fatigue . 
  pretty pissed off , but with sentiment already recovering somewhat , partly because a lot of what got said about the eu 's part in our downfall at the time is proving to have been more or less just made up . 
  unlike in larger nations , while we grumble about the shortcomings of the euro , the idea of exiting is not taken seriously , because a free-floating irish currency would be toilet paper in a week . 
  in fact , we 've never actually had a free-floating currency - it was pegged to sterling until we joined emu . 
  an indicator of how ireland considers the eu , and the euro , is that even at the height of our anger at the eu , we passed the fiscal stability treaty in referendum , by a fairly solid margin . 
  i 'm not sure there 's even any coherent thoughts about how the eu might change - obviously if the euro was better tailored to irish conditions , we 'd be happier , but i think there 's an appreciation of the fact that it was to a large extent up to us to trim our sails to suit the euro-wind , and what we actually did was put on all sail and head for the rocks at full tilt . 
  so there 's maybe rather more of an introspective wish to reform our own body politic than to reform the eu . 
   `` big bang was sparkled by god '' you might mean `` sparked '' there , but the image you conjure up is extremely cute !, 
  true enough - if a little disheartening for those who create such things . 
  it does sound a little like that to me , yes - no offence intended though , seriously !, 
  the deadline has just been extended , which in a competition says to me `` not enough entries '' . 
  on the other hand , when you consider that it 's open to everyone of a certain age in the eu , which presumably comes to several millions of possible entrants , the prizes seem a bit small . 
  sorry - i do n't mean to get at anyone , and that sounds like a surprisingly bright-eyed and bushy-tailed answer . 
  how many people would you say enter such competitions , though ? 
  or are even aware of them ? 
  thousands ? 
  hundreds ? 
  tens ? 
  saw this passing by on twitter , and wondered if anyone actually enters these competitions ? 
  or do people ( as i do ) feel they seem like awfully small prizes for an all-eu competition ? 
  is there any point to this kind of thing ? 
  i think that after the sort of helplessness with which we 've watched conflicts and disasters unfolding in africa , there may be a public appetite for `` muscular humanitarianism '' . 
  in much the same way as victorian muscular christianity , this may well bolster support for politically and economically motivated military interventionism . 
  that 's the way i view it , i have to say - the markets made an assumption about how the euro would behave in a crisis , and more or less enforced that on the euro during the crisis , even though what was done was n't originally how the ecb was supposed to behave . 
  first off , let me thank you for that explanation , which is very clear , and very far removed from the usual spluttering of `` but , but , crisis in eurozone countries = euro crisis ! '' .
