  i think they 're pretty united , actually - just greece is n't . 
  but sure , any major joint project involving money is going to breed stresses the moment it becomes difficult . 
  the question is whether the member states have decided to try to approach the stresses and the difficulties separately and without reference to each other , or through the eu . 
  they 've done the latter ( the uk , admittedly , not so much ) rather than the former - indeed , they 've created new european structures . 
  economically , though , the euro certainly was n't supposed to be something that eliminated recessions , although it kind of gets conflated with the prevailing belief of the last couple of decades that the business cycle had been eliminated , and risks reduced to trivial . 
  in some senses , i ca n't help but feel that economic commentators , having bought into the idea that we were living in a financial utopia from about 1990 on , have had to turn very hard towards doom and gloom to make people forget that they completely ignored the massive build-up of potential disaster in the global financial system . 
  did n't just ignore it , even - literally had n't the models or paradigms to see it . 
  most of the developed world had a bubble . 
   and after greece goes another weakest link will need culling , repeat until only 3 nations are left . . that too is just an opinion , though . 
  it might be better to use a version of the graph that 's more up to date : ireland : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/ireland-gdp-per-capita.png?s=irlnygdppcapkd&amp;d1=19960101&amp;d2=20151231 spain : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/spain-gdp-per-capita-ppp.png?s=espnygdppcapppcd&amp;d1=19960101&amp;d2=20151231 portugal : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/portugal-gdp-per-capita-ppp.png?s=prtnygdppcapppcd&amp;d1=19960101&amp;d2=20151231&amp;type=line netherlands : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/netherlands-gdp-per-capita-ppp.png?s=nldnygdppcapppcd&amp;d1=19960101&amp;d2=20151231&amp;type=line italy : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/italy-gdp-per-capita-ppp.png?s=itanygdppcapppcd&amp;d1=19960101&amp;d2=20151231&amp;type=line it does n't seem to me that those graphs show what you 're claiming , although your outdated versions did . 
  more broadly , i 'm not sure why the euro gets measured against the idea of no economic downturns , when i do n't think that claim was ever made for it . 
  not sure you 're correct , but i guess it 's no odder a reading . 
   what the `` threat '' is was left unstated still has the logical hole that if it 's better for greece to leave , then , what with eu membership being voluntary , it 's hard to think of what the unstated threat could possibly be . 
  how do you threaten someone who can just walk away ? 
  for the record , i 'm pretty sure that grexit has actually been the threat . 
   that money did not go to greece but bounced straight back to our banks . 
  except for the $ 100bn debt cut or something . 
   well so does n't greece . 
  look at what entering the ez has brought them ... can we stop pretending that greece would n't be better off without having sign on to the euro ? 
  greece does n't agree with you . 
   but there is also the angle that the policy of the troika is actively harmful to greece , much more than a default/leaving the euro would be . 
  and that eu is threatening greece out of that , much better option , for their own interests . 
  that is up for discussion and i consider the opinions of both sides worthy of a ear . 
  sorry ... what you 're saying there is that the troika is forcing greece to stay in the euro and take austerity by threatening them with having to leave , which would be a better option for greece ? 
  so they 're forcing them to take a worse option by threatening them with a better option ? 
  that is n't the way threats normally work , i have to tell you . 
  good points . 
   i bet many eu leaders really regret that now ... 
  i do n't see any sign that they do . 
  they keep insisting whenever there 's a new deal that the imf be involved . 
  more likely is that the narrative that sets the imf against the eu as somehow opposed is simply false . 
  the imf does n't do debt relief , of course , but it 's also politically ( and legally ) very difficult for the member states . 
  to make it politically possible requires , at the very least , a reputable outside force regularly repeating that it 's absolutely necessary . 
  such as , for example , the imf . 
   the eu governing body is a mess . 
  they have parlament meetings only twice a month , the over 9000 comissions do recommendations to everyone but ca n't enforce almost anything , the decision proccess takes ages , the strategies change every 10 years . 
  it 's a mess . 
  i ca n't say i recognise the eu 's governance system anywhere in that description . 
  the parliament meets daily during its legislative year , i have no idea what the 9000 commissions are supposed to be ( that would be something like a quarter of the current staff levels of the commission ) , or why they 're supposed not to have any power . 
  the commission can pass some binding legislation ( on fully delegated matters ) , proposes pan-european legislation . 
  decision-making does take time , but that 's democracy for you . 
  and the strategies do change every 10 years , but that 's half as often as for most national governments . 
   further i find it hard to be enthusiatisc about the enourmous power the commission has vis a vis de parliament , though i have to agree that progress has been made in that area but still the shit juncker can do with out it going to the parliament ... that 's because the commission is the delegate of the member states . 
  what powers it has have been delegated to it by governments voted for by europe 's citizens , and it exercises them on behalf of those governments . 
  the existence of the parliament is a recognition not so much that the commission is otherwise unconstrained , but that existing national structures do n't provide an adequate check at the european level by themselves . 
   it 's not the ideal that is bad but they way how decisions in europe are made is appaling and it 's depressing to see the lack of european solidarity/european identity . 
  compared to what , though ? 
  an ideal version of the union where the member states entirely subordinate their national goals to the joint goals ? 
  we 've never had that . 
  what we have had is a europe where member states acted purely out of their own desires and geostrategic considerations . 
  what we have now is a union where member states try to balance their national goals with the joint goals , subordinating the national ones to the joint ones to the extent that such a thing is democratically possible . 
  it 's not ideal , but it 's a lot better than any alternative europe has ever tried . 
  to be honest , if i 'm downhearted about anything , it has been the extent to which people have willingly bought into a variety of simplistic narratives about the crisis , and the damage done by that . 
  this has been an almost perfect storm for the eu - the first real test it has faced since becoming a more cohesive entity through the nineties and on , a sudden and dramatic downturn which destroyed trust in government , economy , and finance together , promoted national isolationism , and required that countries already hit by the crisis themselves try to rescue even worse-hit economies in fellow member states . 
  on top of that we 've had a situation where the rescue methods that worked in other member states dramatically failed to save one member from an economic implosion . 
  it 's certainly hard to see european unity in any kind of rosy light after the events of the last seven years - but it 's not something that * should * be looked at in a rosy light anyway . 
  it 's bloody hard work , and always has been . 
  it 's worth remembering that while we have n't seen inspiring leadership , we have seen an awful lot of that hard work in action . 
  a very large number of people have laboured long and hard to try to shore up economies , patch up national differences , and not just keep the show on the road through a crisis as large as the great depression but actually work constructively to improve things , rather than just throwing in the towel . 
  and all that has happened in an era of transparency of a level that would have been unthinkable even a couple of decades ago . 
  we know who said what , to whom , when , and we even have it on video to rewatch at our convenience . 
  chief parties to the ongoing negotiations have blogged the drama as it happens , and listened to the massive roar of noise from social media that was barely a whisper at the start of the crisis . 
  this has been arena democracy , athenian style , and just as bare-knuckle as that was ( with the greeks nearly getting thrown out of the city ) . 
  national leaders did n't operate in the comfort of obscurity reported only by sympathetic press , but in the glare of constant , detailed , always critical and often hostile attention . 
  they returned to the job of negotiation , of incremental improvement , time after time , despite huge calls on their attention from domestic politics . 
  maybe they did n't lead their countries into a rosy new european future , but they did push back against domestic isolationism , did put their money where their mouths were to hold the common currency and the union together , and in some cases were summarily dismissed for doing so . 
  i look at that - at the amount of sheer hard work , at the massive involvement in cross-border supra-national debates , at the fact that even the country that has suffered the most wants to stay in both the union and the common currency , at the fact that virtually nobody objects to the principle of funding crisis countries , but only to the details , at the simple fact that the eu is still there , and i 'd say that rather than being downhearted about it , i 'm actually somewhat in awe of the sheer will to * be * europe that has been on display for nearly seven years . 
  i 've always preferred funerals , myself . 
  pity someone has to die to provide one , of course , but then sure * two * people have to get married to provide a wedding . 
   a summit for the history books , to be sure . 
  i feel europe has proven itself a far more delicate union than what we would like to think . 
  you could argue the reverse - despite levels of tension and drama that would previously have been a precursor to hostilities , everyone is still there , fudging along in the name of europe . 
  that 's us waving next to finland . 
   in other words : the markets made the right call . 
  for the banks . 
  i do n't think this is the case . 
  private sector holders of greek debt took losses estimated at a nominal 54 % across the board in 2012 . 
  the original lenders had by then largely sold out , probably at a higher writedown . 
   but shareholders in irresponsible companies needs to lose their investments . 
  and by and large they do . 
  one of the pretty consistent features of bank bailouts is that the shareholders are wiped out . 
  it 's also one of the most consistently ignored features of reporting on the bailouts . 
  yes , i understand the theory , it 's the practice that concerns me . 
  greece built up large debts in an unsustainable way throughout the pre-crisis period , and paid no penalty for doing so . 
  the markets applied no corrective force . 
  and in 2014 , when things were briefly rosier for greece , they were able to issue debt at less than astronomical rates . 
  ireland , similarly , built up an unsustainable fiscal position balanced on top of a property bubble . 
  the market - indeed , the finance industry across the board - completely ignored that issue . 
  it seems more the case that the market comes to some prevailing herd consensus about the risk rather than a series of independent and rational analyses - or possibly , they all use the same risk models , based on equilibrium market theory . 
  i do n't see the market as a competent corrective force at all . 
   the thing is , right now every euro saved in greece goes straight into a black hole of bottomless debt . 
  so why should the greeks really be motivated to sacrifice ? 
  if greece got a chance to actually keep the extra money the saved , because their debt was no longer bottomless , then it seems reasonable to me that they would have more motivation to balance their budgets . 
  i 'm honestly not sure what one says to that . 
  yes , i 'm sure they would be more motivated . 
  come to that , i 'd be more motivated to balance my household budget if the bank would let me off my remaining debt . 
  but that motivation comes at the expense of other countries ' taxpayers , who thereby see their motivation to balance their budgets ( and , indeed , pay their taxes ) reduced . 
  granted , the greeks do seem to need a lot more motivation than other people - the greek government is owed at least $ 76bn in unpaid taxes , much of it accrued since 2009 . 
  i find the idea of them collecting those taxes before dipping their hands into mine through a default surprisingly reasonable . 
   well , if they expect a primary budget surplus of $ 3.3 billion in 2015 , then you tell me why they are borrowing money if not to pay interest ?
