  if you owe a debt in euros , the only way your creditor will accept some other currency as `` repayment '' is at market exchange rates , and * after * exchange , so they know what they 're getting . 
  the eu would be accepting euros to pay a debt denominated in euros . 
  somebody else ( `` the market '' ) would be accepting the drachmas to allow the greeks to buy euros to pay to the eu , and they would be doing so at the market valuation of the drachma . 
  the eu would not be left with `` a few useless drachmas '' , because it does not have to , and would not , accept those drachmas as repayment of the euro denominated debt in the first place . 
  it would be up to the greek government to buy enough euros to repay its debts , and the eu would get the same amount of euros in repayment whether greece was in or out of the euro . 
  not in any meaningful sense . 
  debts are owed in the currency they 're originally denominated in ( ask icelandic mortgage holders about this one ! ) . 
  if you want to pay using another currency , you have to convert first . 
  so if you owe $ 10 , and you want to pay in drachmas at 10 drachma to the euro , you owe 100 drachma . 
  if the drachma is devalued to 20 to the euro , you owe 200 drachma . 
  no amount of mucking about with the value of the drachma changes the amount of euro you owe . 
  of course , you could try `` printing '' drachma to pay your debts , and by not putting those drachma into general circulation , you could claim the drachma-euro exchange rate was whatever it was without the devaluation such a massive drachma print run would cause , but unluckily it 's up to the person repaying the debt to repay in the original currency , so getting those drachma exchanged is your responsibility , not your creditor 's - and that means you have to put them on the market , thereby massively devaluing the drachma , meaning you have to print more , etc etc. 
  and as the value of the drachma heads towards toilet paper , people being paid in it will see their ability to buy anything non-domestic ( and in greece that means nearly everything ) go down the toilet too . 
  this has all been tried before , repeatedly . 
  it 's the reason the euro constraints are there , because the results are to turn a bad situation into a disaster . 
   why he did it is a lot more complex than that . 
  well , there was of course in addition the fact that the eu question has been a crack at the heart of the tories for the last couple of decades , but if you 're not thinking of that , i 'm interested to hear what you think the reasons were . 
   the fact is he did exactly what he said he was going to do , and this is , in itself , an act of virtue and patriotism . 
  not in an unqualified way , i 'm afraid . 
   although i do n't recall saying he `` ran a good campaign for remain '' , the fact that it was close speaks for itself not in the sense you mean , i think , because it started off with a remain majority , and ended up with a vote to leave . 
   greece would pay by devaluing their currency i 'm having another `` sorry ... what !? '', 
  moment , and it 's perhaps a little late in the night . 
  greece could n't pay debts denominated in euros by devaluing the drachma - the idea is , well , basically `` sorry ... wtf ? '' . 
  they might be able to do it by borrowing , if they were free of the euro stability constraints , but the reason they needed a bailout was because nobody else would lend to them . 
  cameron brought on the referendum out of a short-sighted and panicky response to ukip 's rise , back before juncker was even elected , and then grossly mishandled almost everything about it . 
  if you genuinely believe cameron ran a good campaign for remain , you are perhaps unique . 
  no , if it was just about money and debt , they would have been kicked out as a destabilising embarrassment , and the debt * still * recovered by a combination of legal and political pressures , because , you know , that 's a normal thing . 
  seriously , you 've picked up the exact opposite of what i said . 
  greece is * only * still in because it 's about member states being united . 
  on every other ` rational ' criteria they 'd be out , and the idea that if they were out the money could n't be recovered , and that 's why they 're not out , is nonsense . 
  they 're in because they want to be in , and because the other member states do n't * want * anybody out . 
   the elected representatives are supposed to follow the will of the people . 
  they 're not , actually - they 're supposed to do what is best for the people . 
  that 's what makes it representative democracy rather than `` direct democracy by proxy '' , and why people actually complain about `` government by opinion poll '' rather than loving it . 
  a democratic representative is an agent , a delegate , whose commitment is to do the best by you , in a field which requires a commitment you do n't have time or appetite for . 
  it 's like hiring an accountant - you should be able to expect him/her to be competent , honest , and looking out for your interests . 
  if you 're simply telling your accountant what to do , there was no point in hiring them , and you 're not making any use of their expertise . 
   do n't blame direct democracy . 
  in representative democracy the same people would just vote for a party like ukip to do the same job for them . 
  except that they did n't , which was why ukip only had one mp . 
   as cameron once described him , he 's a `` face of the eighties '' , cameron 's political judgement may perhaps not be the gold standard of political judgement . 
   they are definitely eurosceptics though . 
  and we in ireland have sinn fein , who are also ` eurosceptic ' by irish lights , but who campaigned for remain . 
  uk eurosceptics assume that other countries ' eurosceptics are the same kind that they are . 
  but ` sceptical ' is n't actually a synonym for `` determined to leave at the first opportunity '' in most countries . 
   why the fuck would greece get kicked out when they still have n't paid everything that was owed ? 
  because they could have been kicked out and would * still * owe all the money . 
  sure , they could default and be pariahs , but they - the greeks - do n't want that . 
  both true !, 
  but i do enjoy them . 
   if it 's the catholics church indoctrination , to which ireland is unique in having so in europe , and thus anti-semitism ( jews do n't have a good history with the catholic church in all honesty ) than just spit it out lad . 
  sigh . 
  i 'm not a catholic . 
  i was n't educated in ireland . 
  i come from a part-jewish family . 
  now fuck off , ` lad ' . 
  i would n't be the best person to answer that one , because i 'm not exactly very nationalist , but , no , it 's not just `` replaying the troubles and acting the maggot '' . 
  given the way israel bombed its way out from under the british mandate , you might expect the sympathy to be the other way round , but the actions of israel in respect of settlements , expulsions , ghettoisation , second class citizenship , heavy-handed military response , and so on and so forth are just too similar to the irish nationalist experience of british rule . 
  that 's what `` ever closer union '' really means - not an eu superstate , but a genuine emotional attachment to each other as fellow europeans . 
  the uk sees this as a terminating a business partnership , and is surprised the others see it as a divorce . 
  sure . 
  it 's a very bad idea , but it 's not a criticism of your comment . 
   junker validated every single fear that eurosceptics had over the referendum , and played right into ukip 's hands by making the eu look like evil federalists . 
  he 's just as much to blame for this result as the leave campaign from outside the leave bubble what he said was pretty reasonable . 
  from inside , i guess everything looked like evil federalism anyway . 
  you know you can just hire entertainers to entertain you , if that 's what you want ? 
  people supporting a politician because he 's * entertaining * may not be the best idea ever . 
   in the latter case it 's understandable that we let experts decide , but on things like leaving the eu people should be able to vote . 
  only , by your argument , if the ramifications of leaving or remaining are simple , which i think absolutely everybody agreed that they 're not . 
  or , i suppose , if you believe that despite the complexity of determining whether leaving or remaining is better , the issue can be decided on very simple criteria - whether you `` like '' the idea of one better than the other . 
  but the same logic can be applied to fishing quotas - we could say that all that counts is whether our fishermen `` like '' the idea of higher quotas . 
  cameron was clear before the referendum that a leave vote meant withdrawal , so the leave vote means withdrawal , and could be said to be quite adequate notification from the uk that it intends to withdraw . 
  but , really , the uk 's politics do n't really leave open the possibility of perpetual foot-dragging . 
  you ca n't persuade over half the nation that they need to get out now in order to end huge outflows of money and inflows of immigrants , and then say `` well , maybe * next * year '' . 
  boris might want to wait , but nigel wo n't . 
  if you could afford that much week in week out as a country , i suspect you 'd be unable to move anywhere for the piles of cash . 
  the average net contribution of the uk to the eu budget was not # 350m - that 's the gross figure before thatcher 's rebate and any money that goes to the uk . 
  a more accurate * net * figure is # 5.9 bn annually , or about # 115m a week . 
  to replace that requires a 3.1 % rise in everybody else 's contributions ( which are currently 1 % of gdp , so a rise of 0.03 % of gdp ) . 
  for ireland , for example , that 's an extra $ 57m euro annually . 
  it 's not that big . 
  or a non-euro currency and a large rebate on contributions ... 
  there was n't # 350m to be freed up in the first place . 
   but they 're still idiots . 
  i 'm going to be kinder , and say that unless you 're used to deciding important issues by referendum , the directness of the relation of your vote and the result can come as a bit of a shock . 
  i do n't think either the av referendum or the scottish one can reasonably be claimed to have had enough time to be classified as `` good ideas , looking back '' . 
  elections , on the other hand , just are n't referendums . 
  quite different beasts entirely . 
  presumably that of the only other referendum in living memory , which decided to join the eu ... ? 
  [ edit ] i have been correctly reminded of the av referendum in 2011 . 
  [ / edit ], 
   decisions will ultimately be respected , of course . 
  but a new 2018 or 2020 decision is more likely to be respected than the old 2016 one . 
  only by virtue of being newer , though . 
   if you do n't want your vote to count , do n't vote . 
  simple . 
  problem is that quite a lot of people 's experience of voting is that they either have not voted for what the majority wanted , or they have voted for `` such and such a policy '' which the government they elected has n't then implemented . 
  so they get the idea that voting is somehow disconnected from the outcome , but that 's not the case with direct democracy mechanisms like referendums . 
  climate change is funnier , though . 
  yep - had a discussion yesterday with a guy who basically said `` it 's undemocratic because what we in the uk vote for is n't what the eu then does '' .
