   ireland does n't apologise for being a low cost country to operate in . 
  do you have a difficulty in admitting that things like the double irish created a strong - and justifiable - impression that ireland was a semi tax haven ? 
  if so - and you do seem to - why ? 
  do you view it as somehow a good thing for ireland never to admit - even to itself , even amongst ourselves - that our tax regime for multinationals was essentially parasitic ? 
  or are we in `` mistakes were made , everyone did that kind of thing , we 've moved on , let 's not talk about it '' territory ? 
   what has apple 's profitability to do with it ? 
  whether apple make $ 1 or a billion in profit a ruling on how taxes earned in different jurisdictions and in different arms of the company is still valid ( unless ireland changed its laws in the mean time which i do n't believe it did ) . 
  because the tax agreement with apple seems simply to have been of the form `` we offer to pay x in consideration of our taxes '' . 
  i 'm presuming you read the commission documents ? 
   you keep jumping between past and present tense . 
  if you want to talk about ireland 's historical tax policies we can do that . 
  or we can talk about how it is today ? 
  the impression that ireland has operated as a `` semi tax haven '' is justifiable with respect to ireland 's record up until about , what , 18 months ago ? 
  and there is a not unreasonable assumption that going forward ireland is likely to try to maintain the same advantages for multinationals as structures like the double irish offered , bolstered by the way that the legislation was only changed following a lot of international pressure , and was almost simultaneously accompanied by the introduction of a new and rather generous ` patent box ' regime , an extension of the double irish structure for those companies already using it up to 2020 , and in some cases the possibility of using it past that date . 
  trying to limit discussion to `` how it is today '' just looks like whitewashing , given those facts . 
   the apple case dates back as far as the 80s when the original tax ruling was made . 
  * originally * made . 
  and that 's hardly a good point , considering the huge changes in apple 's profitability over the intervening 35 years or so . 
   there was not ( as far as anyone knows ) any illegal arrangements with foreign multinationals ( though we 'll see how that appeal goes ) . 
  an arrangement approved by the irish government is generally going to be legal under irish law , unless it 's somehow unconstitutional - which would be unusual in the case of tax , i think !, 
   that calculation is just as useful as the flowerpot example . 
  if you really think that 's the case , why would you cite one but not the other ? 
  if there was nothing that needed changing about our tax regime , why did we change it ? 
  is there some problem with accepting that the double irish was ethically dubious , or that it happened ? 
   there are no `` arrangements '' with multinationals as that is illegal . 
  that it is illegal does n't mean it has n't happened - we 'll have to see how the apple case goes . 
  and something can be legal under irish law , but illegal under eu state aid law , or unethical without being illegal at all . 
   hell , france has lower effective tax rates , despite their high headline rates and ability to complain about ireland 's tax policy and just like ireland tax is paid on a companies french profits again , those points are irrelevant . 
  they are , again , all from the pwc report based on the notional flowerpot manufacturer . 
  they have * nothing * to do with ireland 's tax arrangements with multinational companies . 
  it 's not `` all politics and no actual facts '' . 
  if it were , the eu commission would n't have slapped a claim for $ 13 billion in back taxes on apple in ireland . 
  you can argue that the commission will prove to be wrong , but arguing that it 's `` all politics '' is nonsense . 
  legal cases over state aid are not made without facts . 
  shrug . 
  we operated for many years a scheme which benefited us and multinationals at others ' expense . 
  i do n't mind admitting that , and i do n't feel any shame over it - we were a poor country and we needed it . 
  the counter-claims are the foolish bit . 
  a green blindfold is no use to anyone , and nothing to be proud of . 
   ireland are fully behind oecd transfer pricing rules . 
  oh , we swing quickly enough when the wind shifts , granted . 
   i was speaking of the number of net eu/efta migration per year , not the total number . 
  that was hardly clear , though - and i 'd question its relevance . 
  why does the amount entering count more than the resulting number resident ? 
   no it 's not . 
  look at the graph in the linked article , the orange curve . 
  which is quite a short timeline , not decades . 
  the long-term trend for foreign population is as i said : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_switzerland#/media/file:switzerland,_permanent_foreign_residents_as_%25_of_total_population,_1900-2011.png the big peak in the orange line is n't really anything to do with switzerland 's normal attractiveness , either - it 's the financial crisis , i think . 
  big chunk of irish finance people suddenly got sucked off to switzerland in 2008 , for example . 
  as the crisis winds down , they 're being sent back again . 
   also i hope you realize how much 1.7 million people in a country with only 8.4 million people is , we 're currently at 25 % foreigners ( and when including the ones that have received citizenship already it 's 38 % , and immigration happened especially into certain regions within switzerland ) , from 6.4 millions to 8.4 millions in not even 30 years , and unlike in ireland all due to immigration ( birth rates were very low ) . 
  oh damn it , now i did it anyways , abort , not relevant for the actual subject of `` do smaller nations lose sovereignty to larger nations as a result of how the eu work '' . 
  foreign born population in switzerland is certainly very high . 
  mind you , we in ireland went from 4 % to about 20 % at peak over the course of about 10-12 years , so we 're not strangers to the idea . 
  it 's a much longer term thing for switzerland . 
  still , as you say . 
   no , you claimed i would have claimed that `` germany dominates '' . 
  which is not true . 
  i tried to figure out reasons why germany loses votes relatively often . 
  which involved explaining it in terms of the pre-existing thesis that germany dominates . 
  you ca n't just swap from `` germany dominates '' to `` it 's very important and pushes its agenda '' and claim they 're different , because they 're not really . 
  the main point is that the frequency of being in a minority in council does n't relate to size or importance of the country , so you do n't need a special explanation in terms of those features - and that council voting is basically meaningless in terms of impact on sovereignty . 
  you specifically referred to council voting weights in your original question about sovereignty , and then tried to explain the german frequency of being in a minority position ( as opposed to getting its way ) as being a reflection of its importance in pushing a particular agenda . 
  taken together , i consider it reasonable to conclude that you were trying to `` save the explanation '' - that is , to save the original importance you ascribed to council voting weights in asking your original question . 
  after all , if council voting weights are irrelevant in terms of their impact on sovereignty distribution in the eu , then your original question is , i think it 's fair to say , meaningless . 
  that 's not to say that you wo n't get people answering it , but they 're answering a question which is based entirely on a false premise , and they will answer on equally false premises . 
  essentially , you asked `` how do people feel about their small country 's share of sovereignty in the eu , given council voting weights , even though those ( and ep weights as well ) are completely meaningless as a measure of it ? '', 
  - and of course some people will answer . 
  but what they 're actually saying is that they * feel * that the bigger countries dominate , and have latched onto those meaningless voting weights as ` evidence ' for that * feeling * . 
  it ai n't evidence , it 's irrelevant . 
  if all you wanted was to know whether people rightly or wrongly feel bigger countries are dominant , that 's a different question . 
  the council voting weights and ep seats are , to make the point yet again , meaningless in that question . 
  you 're asking about something that may not even be true - but phrasing it as if it were , and offering apparent evidence that it is . 
  that 's my problem with this . 
   but even then one of the arguments can be legit ( even when probably used in a twisted way or with a wrong conclusion ) and is worth being investigated . 
  there is rarely one side in a political debate that owns all the truth , and the others is just full of lies . 
  that 's true , of course , although council voting is not such an argument . 
  however , political positions are usually belief structures - and what that means is that if one of the arguments is accepted as legit , that 's generally taken - by the believer - as meaning that their whole position is legit . 
  quirk of human ` reasoning ' ... makes it necessary to disentangle all the strands and check the motives . 
   not generally , i just questioned some of your arguments . 
  which is actually where this discussion started , when i criticised your questioning as being based on faulty premises . 
  that took us rather past your original post , to which i originally responded , and down our current rabbit-hole . 
  i admit regretfully that i am sometimes a little over-aggressive in dealing with commonly repeated myths about the eu - it 's a bit of a hobby-horse of mine - but as you can see , my view is that your original question was based on false premises , will attract false answers , and adds to a common myth without producing anything worthwhile . 
  and yet somehow ireland had the double irish and other countries did n't have equivalents . 
  so , clearly there is ( or was ) something different about the approach taken by ireland - the lack of transfer pricing rules and the principle of purely territorial taxation , in particular the former . 
  the claim of `` nothing unusual here '' is partial and therefore misleading , as is usual in this debate . 
   of course i am . 
  it 's part of the bilateral agreement 1 between the eu and switzerland fair enough - forgot i was talking to a swiss there . 
  however , the evidence on that one likewise says you 're wrong - the number of eu citizens in switzerland in 200 was 1.26 m , and in 2013 had only risen to 1.65 m. 
  that is not a seven-fold increase due to eu freedom of movement , and is exactly on-trend with the previous decades . 
   my initial point was btw . 
  that trusting `` experts '' blindly can go very wrong , for which this is a perfect example . 
  distrusting them blindly is equally silly , though , and the distrust tends to be highly selective . 
  should i ask whether you second-guess your doctor , accountant , dentist , lawyer , mechanic etc etc ? 
   if i 'm asking for personal opinions i 'm obviously getting subjective personal opinions , and guess what ? 
  i know that , and i also know how to treat/value them . 
   i said they are pushing a certain controversial course ( more integration ) really hard , they play a very `` important '' role in certain eu matters and their political establishment is very unified in its eu views , thus they also often get strong opposition . 
  if you 're pushing a certain agenda further , more actively and more united than others , then sure you will also face more opposition . 
  that 's what i said you said . 
  it boils down to you using germany being outvoted as evidence of their importance .
