  there seems to have been some kind of turf war over how and where those joint eu-us texts were made available - through us embassies or in the eu 's buildings - and also an issue within the us on access , because the us administration did n't want to set a precedent of access to trade texts within the us . 
  but once negotiations are finished , there will be a long period ( a year is expected ) of public availability for the parliamentary sign-offs . 
  so there 's no question of the deal being legalised before the public has a good chance to look at it . 
   you 're right i guess ... though i do n't like them `` hiding the fine print '' before the end of negotiations . 
  you ca n't really hide something that does n't yet exist . 
  it 's more a case of it being invisible by virtue of not yet existing . 
  yep - there 'll be a general ` big picture ' shape of things , which are usually broadly agreed on by both parties from the start . 
  if there are n't , they 're probably not even going to try to come to an agreement . 
  the detail is important , and it 's the substance of negotiations . 
   although i 'm not that happy ... that whole text will be published after negotiations are concluded it could n't be published before that , though , because it would n't exist . 
  it 's an agreement , after all , and until it 's been negotiated and agreed between the eu and us , there simply is n't a text to publish . 
   boy you are all over the place , first isds is arbitration and therfore one ca n't compare it to court . 
  then comparing it to arbitration is also wrong . 
  no , isds is arbitration , but just because arbitration in general is quicker than court does n't mean that anyone claims isds is quick . 
  you made the latter claim , and tried to back it up with a statement about the former . 
   given that you yourself separate isds from both courts and arbitration i am forced to conclude you admit its a tool to insulate the rich and powerful from losses apart from your desire to win an argument , i ca n't imagine how you can possibly conclude any such thing . 
  isds is arbitration - it just may not be fast arbitration . 
  that it 's not fast does n't make it not arbitration . 
  come to that , it may well be faster than courts for the equivalent type of case - the moorburg case was over in a little over a year . 
  your ` logic ' here is somewhat similar to claiming that because as a general rule cars are faster than buses , someone who points out that some cars are n't is claiming that those cars are n't cars . 
  from which you then further conclude that the person is claiming that those slow cars are really tea trays . 
  good stuff . 
   there are no direct action here to stop the plant or void the contract . 
  any claim that hamburg were acting in bad faith in unsubstuantiated . 
  the bit you quote does n't even deal with that question . 
  the author does later deal with the question , and concludes they did indeed act in bad faith . 
  i 'm not sure you could make it more clear that you have no interest in facts . 
   theese are just allegations . 
  the original government believed their protections were adequate . 
  a new government were elected its not strange they had a different opinion . 
  well , no . 
  the case has been examined , after all , and the conclusion was that their motivations were just political . 
  obviously you ca n't accept that , because it ruins your preferred conclusion , but , eh . 
   given that the original , and modifyed contracts were given by different governments any claim that they restricted the limits of water use arbitrarily is therfore laughably wrong . 
  for someone who dismisses isds conclusions on the basis of bias and non-expertise , you 're amazingly confident in your own personal prejudiced and non-expert conclusions ... which happen to disagree with the conclusions of every legal expert who has commented on the case . 
  i 'm willing to take their expert opinions over your non-expert one , and make my own judgement on who has their head up their hole here . 
   well ca n't blame me because you suck at paying attention . 
  have you tried adderall , i hear its great for people with a diminished focus . 
  from wikipedia on arbitration  arbitration is often faster than litigation in court arbitration in general is , sure , not isds . 
  dear me , i 'd suggest you avoid being rude when you 're showing off your ignorance !, 
   yes , the isds case is finished . 
  but there is still ongoing litigation as a result of it , 7 years later . 
  severely undercutting the point that arbitration is faster . 
  which nobody actually claims for isds , just for arbitration in general . 
   it also shows that these panels do not provide adequate legal protection . 
  tbh , it more demonstrates that you have n't a clue what you 're talking about . 
  who would you even mean legal protection for , given you do n't approve of the idea that companies can avail themselves of this route to compensation ? 
  i 'll make the point again - not that it will go anywhere - that isds is n't a legal system , it 's a contract resolution process . 
  that 's why it 's an arbitration process - not because arbitration is quicker , but because nobody has broken any laws . 
   how is environmental law not relevant in a case about whether environmental law is being applied discriminatory or not ? 
  er , because the issue is the discrimination in application , not the law itself . 
  the law could equally well be about selling fish as protecting them . 
   they never stopped the plan , nor made it illegal . 
  they imposed restriction on the usage of cooling water from rivers . 
  hardly stopping the plant or voiding the contract . 
  honestly , i would n't waste your time claiming that kind of crap . 
   and here we have the crux of the issue . 
  you are now protecting companies from the intent of laws . 
  their application , legality and enforcement are all irrelevant according to your thinking because the intent of the legislators is what 's important . 
   you admit that hamburg did not have adequate water protection rules , yet you still see a political attempt to strengthen these rules as unjust because of the intent of the lawmakers . 
  no , and no . 
  hamburg believed it had fully and adequately protected the river with the original conditions , which made their imposition of new conditions arbitrary . 
  i certainly have n't `` admitted '' they did n't have adequate laws - what i * said * , on the contrary , was that hamburg believed they had adequate laws . 
  they have yet to be proven not to have , come to that , although as usual you 've taken the existence of the case as evidence of judgement . 
  the `` application , legality and enforcement '' are exactly what 's at stake , but you apparently do n't have a clue what those things mean , which makes this discussion very circular . 
  there 's a good summary here : http://www.academia.edu/18512478/the_vattenfall_v._germany_disputes_finding_a_balance_between_energy_investments_and_public_concerns  in the first case here considered ( vattenfall i ) what seems troublesome is that the reasons behind the additional requirements attached to the water permits appear to be based on political grounds rather than on legal ones : if the stricter requirements were mandatory under german law , as implementing legislation of the eu water directive , the competent authority should have imposed them earlier in the authorization process . 
  alternatively , if the setting of the additional requirements fell within the discretionary power of the authorities , their `` change of mind '' can not be justified , unless new scientific findings or other unforeseen events require more stringent environmental safeguards . 
   in other words , in vattenfall i , it seems that the regulatory change is mainly due to a political change in the decision-making authority while the environmental aspects of the matter remained unaltered . 
  in this case , it may be argued that the state should bear responsibility for the inconsistent behaviour of its organs and that such a \u00d2change of mind\u00d3 may not be used to justify the breach of an obligation arising from an international treaty towards a foreign investor . 
   it 's one of the most common defenses for isds , really ? 
  i 've never seen anyone claim it . 
  anything i 've seen covering isds from either perspective points out that isds cases are incredibly long - although this one , admittedly , is not as long as you believe it to be as a result of mixing up two separate cases by different plaintiffs in entirely different courts under entirely different jurisdictions . 
  the real defence of isds is that it allows for redress where companies have been discriminated against legally but unfairly . 
  it 's a contract dispute mechanism , not a legal system . 
   but thats totally inaccurate . 
  as a direct result of the isds settlement there is now a lawsuit against hamburg . 
  7 years later . 
  this is not in way , shape or form faster than courts . 
  the eu case against hamburg is not part of the isds case against hamburg !, 
  the isds case is long finished . 
   because all you ( and this case ) has going for it is the campaign promises of the greens . 
  they made new rules , under eu directives . 
  the greens * stated * that they would find a way to stop the plant going ahead . 
  they made new rules - and yes , those new rules complied with the eu directive . 
  but ... and please listen , because this is the vital point ... as far as they were concerned , the old rules * also * complied with the directive . 
  they may have been wrong about that , but that does n't matter - they believed they were right , and still do . 
  this is the heart of the case . 
  the hamburg government did not believe it * needed * new rules to comply with the directive . 
  it believed the original rules were compliant . 
  that is what makes the action arbitrary . 
  if the original rules were believed to be compliant , then changing them was not done in order to comply - and that was what the isds panel found was the case . 
   then an ad hoc panel with no legal expertize in the relevant field shut them down . 
  it does n't matter whether the panellists had any experience of environmental law , because the question of whether the new or old rules really * were * compliant is n't the relevant point of judgement . 
  all that 's relevant is that the hamburg government * believed * the old rules were compliant . 
  they did , and still do - that 's why they 're going to court with the commission , because while the commission believes the rules are n't compliant , hamburg believes they are . 
  so , the situation was one where hamburg had rules it * believed * were compliant , and the incoming greens changed the rules * despite * that , not in order to better comply , or to comply at all , but simply to stop the plant and void the contract to build it . 
  that is an action in bad faith - a standard issue in contract disputes , which is what the isds case was . 
  the isds case was never about whether hamburg complied with directives or not . 
  the greens ' actions were never about compliance - as far as hamburg was concerned , both the old * and * the new rules were compliant . 
  actual compliance was n't the issue in the isds case .
