  shrug . 
  ` extralegal ' has a particular meaning , and you 're not using it correctly . 
  i think you 'll find that `` having agreed meaning '' is rather more relevant than context . 
  we do n't accept that a car is yellow when it 's actually green on the basis that green is `` more like yellow than it 's like red '' . 
   it 's circular reasoning because the whole thing that started the discussion was whether our representatives should agree with ttip . 
  so if you use the argument that they should n't disagree with ttip because they did n't disagree with it in the past , then it becomes a circular argument . 
  er , no , because that is not the argument . 
  the argument is simply that governments evidently do not find isds unreasonable because they continue to include it in new agreements . 
  to help you , if such a thing is possible : 1 . 
  `` continue to include it in new agreements '' is an observation . 
  `` do not find isds unreasonable '' is a conclusion from the above observation . 
  do you see how that works ? 
  the observation at 1 requires an explanation , which is provided in 2 . 
  now let 's take it a step further and look at what 's happened here : 1 . 
  i suggest that governments find isds reasonable . 
  2 . you ask why . 
  i point out that governments continue to include isds in new agreements ... 4 . 
  ... and that therefore i conclude that because if they did not find it reasonable 3 would not be the case . 
  you accuse me of circular reasoning because i have provided a reason for my original statement . 
  i have said elsewhere that i find the intellectual bankruptcy of the left both disappointing and puzzling . 
  you are at least helping me with the latter issue . 
   in this current age of internet , it is very easy for us to read treaties . 
  we 're all 10 seconds and google away from them . 
  back in the 1970s , treaties were harder to come by for most of the public . 
  i wonder if the proportion of people who do actually read these things has changed , though . 
  after all , the difficulty in the 70s was really of the same form - an opportunity cost of time and effort - and while treaties are 10 seconds and a google away , so are many many other things . 
  the tradeoff may not be as dissimilar as one assumes . 
   the `` ever closer union '' provision was not focused on in the uk government 's official literature relating to the referendum on the common market . 
  true , although hardly a compelling argument for the accountability of national governments . 
  on the other hand , completely fraudulent scary claims about what was in the treaties were also next to impossible to show to be inaccurate . 
   it 's outside a legal system , so it 's extralegal to that system . 
  no , that 's just not what the word means :  the definition of extralegal is something not governed by laws , or not within the scope of the law . 
  when someone does something wrong to you that is mean but not illegal , this is an example of an extralegal situation , where your remedies to right the wrong are not governed by laws . 
  not governed by * laws * , not within the province of the law . 
  not `` outside a particular legal system which i happen to be thinking of '' . 
   that 's circular reasoning . 
  so we get our representatives to disagree , and then it 's not . 
  you should change your username to humpty-dumpty , because this is no more circular reasoning than it was an argument from authority or ` extralegal ' means outside a particular jurisdiction . 
  if someone keeps buying cake from a particular shop when there is a choice of such shops , we can assume they consider the cake a reasonable product . 
  if national governments keep putting isds mechanisms into treaties , we can similarly assume they find isds a reasonable mechanism . 
  the logic is simple and straightforward , and implies that isds does n't offer an unreasonable level of compensations to companies that sue governments through it . 
  that implication is direct , since that 's all that isds does , and therefore the basis on which a government would or would not find isds reasonable . 
   it is true that the words were in the treaty from the start , though originally the words were in a preamble , rather than an operative provision and thus `` commitment '' is probably a bit strong . 
  the preambles to treaties are legally part of the treaty , and generally set out the intentions and purposes of the treaty . 
   separately , even governments signed the treaty , this does not mean that the peoples were happy about every part of it or even aware of the `` ever closer union '' provision . 
  indeed , people should keep an eye on their governments . 
  mind you , the uk did have a referendum , and the text of the treaties was available to read . 
  one could hardly claim people 's ignorance was the result of deceit or concealment . 
   they 're outside the national and even the eu legal system . 
  which is not what ` extralegal ' means . 
   certainly not the argument of authority that it 's okay because governments are used to doing it and the nice people of the isds courts would n't dare to screw us over . 
  it 's not an argument from authority . 
  it 's the point that when one of the parties to an agreement of a particular type keeps offering that agreement to yet further parties , they 're almost certainly happy that they 're not getting screwed in that type of agreement . 
   i just think `` ever closer union '' is a sham . 
   that is n't what most of the member states signed up for . 
  in fact , that 's exactly what they signed up for . 
  i mean , literally , every single one of them signed treaties which contained that exact commitment in black and white right at the start . 
   i just recognize that no standards are being used at all and therefore the percentages of approved claims mean nothing at all either . 
  since governments keep writing isds into ftas , it 's pretty likely that they also consider the awarded costs reasonable . 
  i appreciate you do n't , and that nothing will make you , though . 
   the mutual recognition is backed up by a restricting framework of laws . 
  anything within that framework is acceptable . 
  we do not have that guarantee with the usa . 
  again , i do n't think this really means anything . 
   extralegal courts er , they 're not extralegal . 
  they 're given a legal role by the treaty . 
   get the power to make governments pay if they say so well , if they decide that the business has been adversely and unfairly impacted by an unnecessary government decision . 
   what happened to `` no taxation without representation '' ? 
  you 're represented by your government . 
  if your government screws somebody over , they might have to pay for doing so . 
  you can still choose to elect representatives more likely to try screwing people over , though - it 's just less of a cost-free exercise than before . 
  mutual recognition is a common practice in the eu ( for example mutual recognition of driving licences , professional qualifications ) , and does not prevent legislative changes . 
   the eu also has a common framework of laws and rules . 
  those would n't apply to the usa . 
  if anything , what you 've said there is that in the eu mutual recognition would be harder to change than between the eu & us , because it 's apparently related to a common framework of laws , which would n't be the case in ttip . 
  tbh , i think you 're just throwing grab-bags of legalish-sounding stuff here . 
   that can only be considered as heavily favouring corporate interests if one assumes that really none of the cases taken by companies should have resulted in any compensation . 
   that 's just preposterous . 
  what kind of arbitrary standard is that ? 
  the one you 're apparently using . 
  i 'm not implying political conspiracy , i 'm afraid , just policy incompetence . 
  and stability & security have improved * so * much from when those guys were the main concern . 
   although of course massachusetts and texas and washington state want their tech centers to succeed , they do not see the existence of silicon valley as a threat to themselves because , after all , they are all part of the same country . 
  would germany and france ever see the clear emergence of ( say ) the cambridge region of england as `` europe 's silicon valley '' so benignly ? 
  i doubt it . 
  exactly so . 
  mind you , i 'm not sure that the other possible us centres are quite as sanguine about silicon valley as you suggest , but their capacity to compete with it is i think somewhat more limited compared to european nation-states . 
   whilst the eu market contains 500 million people versus the americans 300 million , the european 's are separated by language so it 's not a fair comparison . 
  actually , i do n't think it 's language , it 's nationality . 
  every country wants europe to have a silicon valley , but it wants it in its own borders . 
  the us has 300m people and 1 silicon valley - europe has 500m and at least 20 silicon valley wannabees , an average of 1 silicon valley hopeful per 25m people . 
   in the early 2000s they broke the 3 % deficit barrier together with france . 
  smaller countries like belgium got hefty eu fines for that , they got off scottfree . 
  i think it 's necessary to point out that when the rules on deficits were originally written under the stability & growth pact , the decision was made to retain political control over the punitive element - in other words , when the rules were broken , fines were not automatic , but had to be voted on by the council . 
  so , strictly speaking , the rules were followed in full - excessive deficits were flagged , and stern letters issued , but the voting power of the big countries prevented any real action . 
  it 's worth remembering that despite claims to the contrary the eu is n't a federal system - it is really a permanent framework for joint action and cooperation by the member states , to which they cede * only * enough sovereignty to enable such cooperation . 
  the problem seems to be that at this point the member states have ceded sovereignty to an extent which makes the eu effectively equivalent to a european government in certain respects , but not to an extent that allows it to carry out the role effectively . 
  the result is something which suffers from the problems , not of a federal state , but rather of a feudal one governed by a council of the nobility . 
  the eu does not have the power to compel its member states except by their prior agreement . 
  it is more a referee than a ruler .
