  and what was supposed to happen to someone who became a minister but then stepped down or was dismissed ? 
   as is the case in most member states . 
  true . 
  it 's interesting ( ok , to the right kind of mind ) to compare the way an executive is formed in the eu with the way it happens in member states . 
  in ireland , the legislature votes for a prime minister , who then forms the government as he wishes from members of the legislature . 
  in the uk , the process is effectively the same , although the formality is that the monarch invites the leader of the largest party to form a government . 
  most member states have something similar , although not all require members of the government to be members of the legislature . 
  in the eu , the members of the executive were and are proposed individually by the member states , and the commission so formed is vetted and voted on by the parliament . 
  we now have a system where the president of the commission is effectively voted in by the parliament , who then go on to vet the commission formed under that president from the member state proposals . 
  it seems to me that apart from the fact that members of the commission are not themselves elected representatives - which is not a requirement for ministerial office in all member states in any case - this is a strongly democratic process . 
  personally , i consider vetting of the executive * as * members of the executive a good deal better than election as constituency politicians , a process which has little bearing on their competence as ministers , and which inevitably leads to the temptation to use ministerial discretion to favour one 's constituency and increase one 's personal chance of re-election . 
   that 's a separate issue -- you could deal with properly-accounting for money earned in one country not being classifiable under another country 's tax system without mandating a minimum tax level . 
  in fact , a minimum tax rate would make absolutely no difference to ireland , really . 
  the argument over the rate , and ireland 's public defence of it , are fundamentally just a pr exercise . 
  it 's interesting , on that basis , that we 're having this debate about proposals for a minimum tax * rate * , while the commission is looking at moving forward with a common corporate tax * base * : http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/common-tax-base-proposed-for-eu-by-brussels-1.2227031  the proposal for a cctb , to be considered by eu commissioners today , is that the `` consolidated '' element of the initial ccctb proposal , which deals with how profits and losses are treated across countries , be omitted . 
  the discussion document says that by postponing consolidation `` losses can be carried forward and offset against current and future profits only within the same country '' . 
  transfer pricing  the proposal also aims to tighten up transfer pricing rules , to ensure that transactions within a cross-border company are taxed based on a comparable market price . 
  those proposals would have an impact in ireland . 
  also , ca n't help but note the last line of the article :  ireland has long argued that other eu countries offer a lower effective tax rate than their actual corporate tax rate . 
  indeed it has , usually on the basis of the pwc report about the flowerpot manufacturer . 
  it 's slightly amazing that it 's possible for a * country * to base an argument in the public sphere on such a false foundation without being called on it - but then , public debate can only be informed if the public inform * themselves * . 
   it does have to if it does ; t want to look weak . 
  because it is entirely up to the ep whether or not to elect the proposed candidate . 
  if the council does n't propose the correct person , then the parliament will not elect him/her , and the council will have to propose someone else . 
  this will continue until the ep gets the candidate who has the backing of a majority . 
  that was basically how the parliament managed to turn `` being taken into consideration '' into `` appoint who we elect '' . 
   fucking hell 300 euro for a pot . 
  see now , if you held the licence for that design , you 'd obviously charge a pretty hefty sum . 
   well does anyone have any data on what countries are actually payed in corporation tax ? 
  like if irish multi-nationals make a profit of 1 million in ireland what amount do they actually pay in corporation tax ? 
  anyone have this data ? 
  funnily enough , that one is easy - and is another myth that gets trotted out . 
  if a company in ireland makes $ 1m in profit , as defined by irish tax law , then it pays 12.5 % on that . 
  the interesting question is `` what is defined as profit '' ? 
  if you 're a domestic ceramic flowerpot maker with no overseas business , you make $ 1m over your physical costs - wages , rents , maintenance , materials - you pay $ 125k or so in ct on that . 
  simple . 
  however , if the flowerpot maker continues to make and sell all its flowerpots in ireland , but happens to have a subsidiary in , oh , say , bermuda , and that subsidiary should happen to own the licence for the design of your flowerpots , then under irish law you can pay licence fees to your subsidiary in bermuda , and that counts as costs ( even though you 're the same company ) . 
  the bermuda subsidiary does nothing but own this flowerpot design and charge the irish manufacturing & sales operation for the use of it . 
  so , as a company , you charge yourselves , say , $ 900k in licence fees for the right to use your subsidiary 's flowerpot design , and then , entirely legally , your profits are only $ 100k , on which you pay 12.5 % , or $ 12,500 , in irish tax . 
  the rest of the profit is booked in bermuda , where it pays 0.4 % , or another $ 3,600 . 
  some people would argue that your effective tax rate on your profits , as a * company * , is only 1.61 % ( $ 12.5 k irish plus $ 3.6 k bermuda on $ 1m ) , but others would indignantly point out that you pay 12.5 % on what irish law requires you to define as profit - and , they 'll say , what other definition could you possibly use ? 
  so the argument can be endless , because there are two different definitions of ` profit ' in use - one side defines profit as `` money which the company does n't have to pay to anyone not in the company '' , the other side defines it as `` whatever is defined by law as taxable profit '' . 
  the first side would say that multinationals in ireland pay very low tax rates by virtue of using another bit of their company based in a proper tax haven to charge their irish operations licence fees - the other side would say that they pay the appropriate rate on what is defined as their irish taxable profit . 
  both sides are correct , but the second side is basically avoiding the question of what should count as taxable profit , since ireland could simply do away with the ability to have one part of your company charge another for intellectual property rights . 
  the second part of the `` everything 's totally legit , nothing to see here , boohoo the other european countries are big meanies '' argument is that the price you can pay a subsidiary for the use of their stuff ( here , the flowerpot design ) is regulated according to transfer pricing regulations , and that everything is therefore , once again , totally above board - the company can only charge itself what another company * would * have charged it if it were supplying the stuff in question . 
  the problem is , of course , that the value of the flowerpot * design * is ... well , what ? 
  sure , you could get another flowerpot design , but what if this design is the best one ever , according to you ? 
  what * would * you have paid for it ? 
  the answer is as long as a piece of string - there really is n't a defined price . 
  if the design were genuinely the best flowerpot design in the world - and what design does n't claim to be ? 
  - then , hell , a licence fee of 90 % of the profit you make on each pot is n't outrageous , really . 
  it 's just such a great design !, 
  this is even more obviously the case with software products . 
  if what makes google 's offering unique globally is the intellectual property embodied in its software , it 's quite reasonable for it to pay very stiff licence fees to itself to use that software , because if it had to licence it from someone else it would certainly be doing so . 
  so if your unique selling point is something you can use a bermuda subsidiary to licence to yourself , you 're in a plum position to massively reduce your irish taxable profits by having your bermuda subsidiary charge yourself huge licence fees . 
   i bet the irish flower pot makers care . 
  i was going to add `` apart from irish ceramic flowerpot makers '' , but i 'm not actually sure we really have any such company ? 
   can you elaborate more on the flower pot company , or was it a joke i fell for ? 
  no , it 's literally that . 
  this is the description in the pwc report of their model company : the business : performs general industrial or commercial activities . 
  ** specifically , it produces ceramic flowerpots and sells them at retail . 
  ** it does not participate in foreign trade ( no import or export ) and does not handle products subject to a special tax regime ( for example , liquor or tobacco ) . 
  you can get the report here if you prefer to check : http://www.pwc.com/gx/en/paying-taxes/download.jhtml there 's a tcd analysis of the report 's value in respect of multinationals and the incorrect media reportage on it here : https://www.tcd.ie/iiis/documents/discussion/pdfs/iiisdp442.pdf from that analysis :  the report is based on a hypothetical ( fictional ) company which is small , domestically owned , has no imports or exports and produces and sells ceramic flower pots . 
  these and other assumptions automatically rule out many tax minimisation strategies . 
  this note assesses the claim that this report shows effective tax rates in ireland are close to or above those in other countries such as france . 
  it is argued data from the us bureau of economic analysis gives a more accurate estimate of effective tax rates for us subsidiaries operating in ireland and elsewhere . 
  this data shows that for 2011 , us subsidiaries operating in ireland have the lowest effective tax rate in the eu at 2.2 % . 
  this tax rate is not that dissimilar to effective tax rates in countries generally regarded as tax havens such as bermuda at 0.4 % . 
   for example our rate is 12.5 % and we successfully collect 12.4 % of that where as france has a rate of 33.33 % but due to tax breaks and other circumstances the effective rate collected is around 7.4 % . 
  this practice has to stop in the eu before ireland will agree to a minimum tax . 
  this is a commonly cited factoid even at the highest levels , but it has no bearing at all on the discussion of whether ireland is a tax haven for multinationals . 
  the tax rate comparisons are from pwc 's `` paying taxes '' report , and relate very specifically to the ` model company ' they use for the report . 
  that company is a small domestically owned flowerpot manufacturer . 
  the results , as such , have no bearing whatsoever on the fdi multinationals , which is what the tax argument is about . 
  nobody cares what rate irish flowerpot makers pay . 
  once again , this is a terrible title ( i know , not the op , it 's from handelblatt ) . 
  the eu is not considering this - france and germany are putting it forward for consideration by the whole eu . 
   it 's impossible to follow the negotiations if you 're unaware of technical details . 
  the commission claims different kinds of regulation between the us and eu are the same quality-wise , but the commission just negotiates about our standards without proving that what is discussed is on par with what we have . 
   the negotiation reports do not go far enough . 
  by transparency we mean that the public has access to technical details and can therefore judge by itself whether new ttip regulation x is an acceptable compromise between the us and eu positions . 
  i do n't think any such agreements have been reached , though . 
  all that 's really been settled at this stage is the areas in which mutual recognition of standards would be possible/desirable ( eg pharmaceutical plant inspections ) and where it would n't ( food ) . 
  i think you 're looking for details which do n't yet exist . 
   those are n't ttip texts , it 's nothing more than position papers . 
  they 're the eu 's negotiating texts , not just `` position papers '' . 
  if nothing has been agreed , nothing can be released as achieved , and i do n't think there 's any chapter of ttip with an agreed text as yet . 
  it seems strange to me to call for transparency , and then to reject it - unless the call for transparency is really just a gambit in some cases . 
  ttip is the most transparent trade deal ever negotiated so far , by far - even if i do n't agree with it as a trade deal , that remains true . 
   i do n't know if you are trying to troll us . . i did n't see any real ttip documents there.they have just some summaries that leave out anything that could be interesting . 
  the fact sheets are n't trustworthy at all and we all know that they will publish the shitty stuff in the last minute ... 
  the current texts as proposed are available here : http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/documents-and-events/#eu-position i 'd class those as `` real ttip documents '' . 
  you can also contact the negotiating team : http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/have-your-say/ edit : funny for a purely informational post to be downvoted !, 
   tackling edcs with more stringent safety rules could potentially provide a far bigger boost to the eu economy than even the most optimistic -- and unrealistic -- predictions for ttip . 
  and yet the european commission decided it was more important to appease the us than save money or protect eu citizens . 
  it 's neither a case of appeasing the us , nor of this being shelved because the regulations would be negated by ttip in any way . 
  the biochem companies ' lobbyists have tried to use disruption to ttip as leverage against the commission 's proposed regulations - the lobbying was from both sides , and the regulations have been long-fingered because the lobbying itself ( not the possible regulations ) would be disruptive while negotiations are ongoing . 
   meaning that germany and france needs to push much more for closer union , together with other states that want to join . 
  if uk wishes to exclude itself , so be it . 
  = eurozone , no ?
