  they wo n't be replaced by new sources while there 's still an industry that can take their content and repackage it for quicker consumption for free . 
  i 'm not sure all of them * do * know the difference . 
  my opinion of the state of knowledge of journalists and politicians has dropped further and further as the years have gone by . 
  we have the same problem in ireland . 
  the echr hands down a ruling and a lot of people - including journalists and politicians - go `` wow , who gave the eu the power to intervene in that area ? '' . 
  to be fair , the apparently endless list of eu institutions , with their various acronyms , lends itself to this confusion for the average punter . 
   its not , the uk will be offering open market access to what is currently 20 % of the eu , each member state will be pushing to ensure their particular interests are protected and that they have the access they need . 
  and whilst the uk will be negotiating with the eu , it will be able to push each member state too . . we 'll see on that one i suppose . 
  sure . 
  has n't worked that well for any other third country i can name . 
  also , pedantically , 16 % of the eu . 
   it 's about being predictable . 
  the uk approach is predictable and permissive , the eu approach has n't been in some areas . . that is a problem . 
  true , you ca n't guarantee the eu will produce ` business-friendly ' legislation every time . 
   i really do n't agree with that at all given there is a a significant variance of social conventions across the board in the eu and yet consistent issues , especially with investment . 
  we do have a fairly strong set of common social conventions in europe , which in turn tend us towards social democracy . 
  but , heck , if i knew exactly what the difficulties are in investment & innovation in the eu , i would n't have time to post on reddit between all my lucrative consultancy jobs . 
   possibly , but again , the us and uk are both aiming for open markets . 
  not sure about this one . 
  the us has stated its position pretty clearly :  the united states is not keen on pursuing a separate free trade deal with britain if it leaves the european union , the us trade representative , michael froman , said -- the first public comments from a senior us official on the matter . 
   if britain left the eu , froman said , it would face the same tariffs and trade barriers as other countries outside the us free trade network . 
  now , while i agree the us wo n't want to leave a large market like the uk entirely untapped , the uk needs us trade much more than the us needs uk trade . 
   and i get the impression that a lot of the pro-eu crowd think that trade is something that you ` give ' to smaller companies as some sort of reward for good behaviour and ignore the the last decade of liberalisation ( some of which i 'm frankly not even that pleased about , but it 's certainly the direction of travel . . ) . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what that means ? 
  is it a reference to the eu 's increasing tendency to use trade as a geopolitical lever ? 
  that 's about what we 'd probably charge them . 
  `` straight bananas '' are the great clich\u00e9 about the eu in the uk . 
  it refers to the eu grading rules for traded produce , so that a grade 1 banana had to have a certain curvature , be free of blemishes etc. 
  the belief was that bananas that were `` too bendy '' were probably wastefully thrown away because they did n't pass petty eu rules , with the implication that bananas were just the tip of the iceberg , even though nothing of the kind happened - it coincided with supermarkets requiring their suppliers to supply visually better-looking fruit , but the two were n't related . 
   human rights in what way ? 
  actually that relates to the echr , not the eu , but it 's all `` europe '' . 
   the eu is still going to be working on a compromise basis across 27 economies , that 's not the best place to start from . 
  it 's more of a problem than an opportunity for the uk , i think . 
  nobody is going to be happy to favour a uk position within the eu when there 's no real reciprocal favour the uk can do for it within the eu . 
   it stunts domestic development by providing an unstable regulatory environment , that pushes investment out of the eu and to the us . . hmm . 
  i 'm not sure that rapid response regulation really provides a more stable regulatory environment than slow regulation . 
  an awful lot of the problem for entrepreneurialism seems to be social conventions and social democracy , and i 'm not sure the cure is better than the disease there . 
   a trade negotiator suggested that the us might not look for future ftas but would prefer to work within the frameworks it is building . . well , i 'm sure they would , but they are also working hard to open markets to us companies , they are n't going to ignore the uk on principle either . 
  heh , no , but on the other hand the uk negotiating face to face with the us is in an even worse position than face to face with the eu . 
  i do n't know - i sometimes feel that the uk is trying to act like a wealthy , trade-and-service-oriented , laissez-faire city-state , which london certainly is . 
  but i 'm not even sure that london wants that . 
   possibly , but not that likely , after all there would have to be negotiation on non-tariff barriers anyway , so to a certain extent the uk government will have a mechanisms for input on the rules ( and i would expect the eu to have the same input on uk regulation ) in much the same way as there are such mechanisms between fta states . 
  sure , but those are pretty lightweight , and will presumably require assent from within the eu . 
  looking at the council records suggests that the uk 's views on things are often unpopular , and without a perceived need to keep the uk on board , and without opportunities for the uk to horse-trade on regulation , i 'd expect a serious drop-off in the uk-friendliness of eu regulation . 
   that and the fact that there are currently and some real issues with eu regulatory approaches that seem to be getting worse and you have some incentives to stay put rather than move . 
  unless your trade is with the eu , of course . 
  i 'm not sure exactly what issues you mean , so ca n't comment on those as such . 
   the uk will straddle a fairly interesting space if it leaves the eu and i do n't think that is one that will see companies moving to the eu , but rather using the uk for access to both the eu and other markets not really - that only makes sense if either the uk can arrange better access to markets than the eu ( very improbable ) or that eu regulation on companies that are exporting to non-eu markets becomes massively burdensome in itself ( that is , regulations they adhere to simply because they are in the eu , rather than exporting into the single market ) . 
  it certainly seems the us does n't think much of the opportunities theoretically on offer that way , but perhaps china would ? 
   ( that might change with ttip , but we 'll see where that goes and frankly , i 'm not sure where that is going to end up ) who is ? 
  but i ca n't see there being a ttip for the uk - the current us administration has ruled it out . 
   as an example , the uk and eu could trade in wheat , but the uk would be free to produce gmo wheat for domestic and non-eu trade where that has n't yet been authorised within the eu , or the uk could trade testing equipment with the eu , but not be bound by proposed regulations relating to who should be authorised to use it ...  make sense ? 
  sure - i suspect , though , that it would be simpler to say that uk companies would comply with eu regulations if they wanted to export into the eu , but did n't have to for uk and non-eu markets . 
  some regulatory convergence , but probably limited on the basis that eu regulations would essentially be optional for uk companies . 
  domestic small business sector would be freed from the grip of brussels , and entirely in the grip of whitehall ( or holyrood , depending ) . 
  thing is that i suspect you 'd see nearly the entire uk larger company sector and the financial sector complying voluntarily with the eu rules , and the effects of that would flow back through the chain . 
  there would obviously be a strong push from those companies to have more say in the making of eu rules , or they might prefer to move to a country actually in the eu , where the government would have such a say . 
  that makes me feel like i 've accidentally pulled a fast `` getting the last word in '' by replying on the same topic - not my intention , i promise !, 
  feel free to ignore it . 
   no , the uk will have to negotiate access regardless , and that 'll be part of the exit negotiations . 
  access to the esm is what the uk would want , the basis of that access would obviously be negotiated , but should be entirely possible . . ok , just to be sure ... yes , i agree , and to my mind that can be one of two sorts of negotiations : 1 . free trade with single market members to whatever extent is negotiable 2 . single market access on a similar footing to other single market members ( the reason i use `` access '' for the latter is that one always has some degree of access to any market , even if there are tariff and other barriers , so i prefer to reserve it for the idea of full access , of being part of the single market ) . 
  ( 1 ) is essentially a 3rd-country relation with the eu , ( 2 ) is essentially an eea-type situation . 
  ( 1 ) does n't require signing up to the single market acquis , ( 2 ) does . 
  i would say that it is impossible to have something which is essentially ( 2 ) without being required to adopt chunks of the acquis , and i do n't think you can make ( 1 ) into ( 2 ) no matter how cooperative everybody is . 
  the absence of barriers in the single market is dependent on everybody being on a level playing field , which in turn is created/enforced by the acquis rules . 
  hopefully i 'm clearer this time !, 
   you 're basically arguing that the situation after brexit would be the uk having similar levels of access to eu markets as it now has , but without eu rules  at no point have i argued that ... oops - we might have been arguing entirely at cross-purposes throughout . 
   no , that is the same as access to the single market , it 's not the same as being part of the single market ... eh , terminology . 
  as you prefer - you obviously know what i mean , since i 've included `` on the same terms '' * almost * everywhere else i 've used the term . 
  almost , but clearly not everywhere ... 
   well sort of , it does if you keep pushing integration , but ever closer political union is essentially both the driver and the aim ( there is no specific end point suggested , just ever closer union . . ) . 
  ever closer union is n't specifically political union , and does n't require political union . 
  nor is the political union of europe of interest to any but a small minority . 
  `` ever closer union among the * peoples * of europe '' is the full phrase , and it means just that - that we should always be aiming to work better and more closely with each other . 
  that can happen with or without political union , and the phrase in no sense either implies or requires political union . 
  the level of importance attached to it by eurosceptics is more than slightly ridiculous - as if the preamble said `` to attain harmony among the peoples of europe '' and people claimed it meant we 'd all have to speak at consonant pitches . 
   indeed , or any of the other things that are likely to come after . 
  and that is the point , the eu is on a path driven by political union , the uk does n't want that and is looking for a different direction , leaving the eu offers that . 
  the eu is n't on a path driven by political union , though . 
  that 's a fantasy shared only by a very small number of federalists and a large number of eurosceptics . 
   and the argument that the uk could n't negotiate similar access to eu markets as non european states is absurd too . 
  obviously so , but perhaps you should find someone arguing that to argue it with . 
   the eu has and is seeking bilateral treaties with other countries and blocs , all of them smaller than the eu ( with the uk in , but that 's beside the point for now ... ) and it manages to set up structures that ensure that regulatory standards are met in both directions . 
  do you think that this suddenly becomes more difficult or impossible because a country is a former member of the bloc , or located in the same general vicinity ? 
  no , but that 's not what you 're arguing , as far as i can see . 
  you 're basically arguing that the situation after brexit would be the uk having similar levels of access to eu markets as it now has , but without eu rules , and that 's one thing that * ca n't * happen . 
  the uk can get a more or less advantageous free trade deal , but it can not have single market access on the same terms as it now has without adopting the single market rules , any more than it can play tennis without adopting the rules of tennis . 
   but one where both parties want to remove trade barriers ... that is what the eu has been doing , what the uk generally has always done , the eu have been trying to open up economies and gain access to markets , the eu is hardly going to take a different approach with the uk . 
  sure , but that 's not the same thing as access to the single market . 
   what i will say is that it is interesting how people want to boil the eu back down to being the single market when it suits them , the eu is n't . . 
  many people in the uk like the single market and would be happy to be part of an eu that was defined by it , but it is n't and that 's where the issues start . . 
  there 's obviously more to the eu than the single market , but most of it does follow on from that even if one is n't interested in the rest of it . 
  after all , political union is n't for most people a goal in itself ( obviously it is for some ) , it 's something that follows as a necessary control mechanism over the rest of integration . 
  in the case of those who want the uk to leave the eu , the single market is obviously the most relevant feature - you 're hardly concerned about access to schengen or the euro , after all . 
   not really , the uk would be opting out of political union and minimising its exposure to the eu politically , it 'd not be on the same trajectory as the eu and , whilst there would obviously be bilateral agreement on rules as related to trade ( as there is with every trade agreement ) it certainly would n't be going in the same direction set by the eu . 
  well , you seem there to be assuming something that is not a single-market access arrangement but a free trade deal , and my conclusions follow only for an eea-type arrangement , specifically not for a free-trade arrangement . 
  so it seems like you 're arguing that what i conclude would be the case in an eea-style arrangement is n't true because you do n't see it being an eea-style arrangement . 
  presumably , then , you 're saying that the uk will be able to negotiate access to the single market on its own terms , so that it gets all the good points of the eea but does n't have to adopt the eu 's rules in exchange . 
  i think that 's hopeful nonsense , and you 'd need to put forward a much better argument than `` because the uk is big '' to support it . 
  if you can have access to the single market without following the single market rules , the single market is n't a single market .
