   and even then the government can lose and the decision can still be overturned by use of the royal prerogative . 
  more the citing of foreign and security considerations than the royal prerogative , which the judges seem to have agreed was something which could be subject to judicial review as being an action of the executive . 
  i ca n't help but note , though , that acts of parliament are * not * subject to judicial review , and that therefore as long as the executive can dominate parliament , it is above the law by virtue of creating the laws . 
  again , that 's something that does n't apply in ireland , where an act of the oireachtas can be ruled illegal with reference to the constitution , which in turn can only be changed by referendum - and , again , i prefer that , however vague , awkward and anachronistic the constitution often proves to be . 
   you legally have to since it has to be ratified and that 's a change in the constitution i 'm never sure that 's really the case , although we 've become used to it being so . 
  the case on which our requirement for referenda on eu treaties is founded - the crotty case - revolved , in the end , around the fact that the single european act involved the government agreeing to place a restriction on its making of foreign policy , which it was found it did not have the power to do without the consent of the people , since the constitution states that the irish government only acts for the people , and therefore does not have the right to agree to restrictions on the expression of the will of the people . 
  since then , eu treaties have always involved referenda , and updating the clause that states that no act that the government undertakes by way of fulfilling its eu obligations can be ruled unconstitutional . 
  an eu treaty that does not actually involve anything potentially unconstitutional or any new abrogation of sovereignty does n't strictly speaking require any such protection , and should not , in theory , require a referendum , but could be ratified , as eu treaties were before the crotty case , and as other treaties are , by the oireachtas . 
   the uk has a court system that can find against the executive branch of the government . 
  your post reads as if you were n't aware of that . 
  i 'm fully aware of that - but the courts can only find against the government according to uk laws ( true even in respect of the echr ) . 
  when you put the laws entirely in the hands of the government of the day - due to a whipped majority in the legislature and inability of parliament to bind its successors - then you enable arbitrary government . 
  well , to be fair , `` more arbitrary '' rather than just `` arbitrary '' . 
  ireland has a very similar constitutional system to the uk , with the exception of the absence of monarch and the presence of a written and codified constitution . 
  of the two systems , i strongly prefer the irish one , because it is more transparent and less arbitrary . 
  i accept that some people also see it as `` inefficient '' , but i 'm not really a fan of `` efficient '' governments . 
  because the international body operates according to a minimal set of very clearly encoded and transparent rights , has an extremely limited budget devoted solely to those stated aims , and has no interest in anything else . 
  your democratically elected representatives , on the other hand , wield a whole panoply of diverse and arcane legal powers over you , with input from a vast array of opaque actors , and with the full backing of massive state resources . 
  the echr has no interest , can have no interest , in something like setting up a surveillance state where your every move is watched to prevent you annoying the government 's backing interests in any way . 
  your democratically elected government , on the other hand , has exactly such interests , and the necessary powers to carry it out - as well as , let 's face it , a history of doing exactly that . 
  laws protect the citizen from arbitrary acts of government as much as from each other - cheering on the government as something that should have the sole power to change those laws at will is not democracy but stupidity . 
   but the oversight over the euro also did n't care , the people responsible there failed their duty to protect the system from itself . 
  the oversight was n't there . 
  it was n't there because when the eurozone was negotiated into being , the governments did n't want something like the ecb overseeing their banks , so they kept them under national supervision . 
  the `` they should have told us to stop '' line is well-worn , but entirely wrong . 
  aside from anything else , we in ireland were warned by what supervision existed , back in 2001 . 
  our minister for finance responded with a raspberry , end everyone in the country pretty much cheered for him . 
  the eu does n't have a lot of legal enforcement powers , let alone the semi-dictatorial ones people apparently think it has . 
  treaty changes seem quite unlikely , major treaty changes almost impossible . 
  people are perhaps forgetting that the last round of major changes were negotiated over a decade ago in 2001-2003 , and getting those finalised was in danger of never happening - the successful conclusion of those negotiations in early 2004 was regarded as a major triumph for the irish presidency . 
  the fiscal stability treaty was an add-on ( and basically just a re-run of the stability & growth pact ) negotiated primarily amongst the eurozone countries , not an amendment of any of the eu core treaties . 
  in addition , from a political perspective , the oft-cited claim that the uk 's trade balance with `` the eu '' gives them leverage rather ignores the fact that from the other side , each individual * country * has a trade balance with the uk , and will judge things on that rather than the overall eu balance . 
   germany also wants reforms too . 
  the problem - and the reason why treaty changes are such a headache - is that all governments want some kind of reform , but many of the desired reforms are in opposite directions . 
   any treaty change would have to be ratified by every single government currently in the eu . 
  plus the irish would probably have to ratify by referendum . 
   most economists argue that regulation is in many cases beneficial . 
  for example harmonization of product regulations across the eu . 
  no , that 's actually reduction of regulation . 
   what economists disagree on mostly is how the intervention in question should look like , and how it affects everyone and everything . 
  but the notion of `` free-free '' markets is somewhat radical , and not generally supported . 
  the idea that markets should be completely free in practice is certainly radical , but the idea that a free market is what works best as a market is equally certainly not . 
  what you 'll find is that economists agree that intervention can be ` beneficial ' - where ` beneficial ' means ` produces a certain desired non-market outcome ' , but the core of the problem is your phrase :  most economists will also agree that state intervention ; * smartly done * , is also very beneficial one of the main tests of `` smartly done '' is `` interferes as little as possible with the operation of the market '' . 
  that 's what i mean by saying that ` freest markets work best ' is the * underlying * paradigm . 
  the aim is to get to the desired outcome with the minimal interference in the operation of the market itself - and that most people will probably say `` well , obviously '' to that is an indicator of how deeply that paradigm is embedded in modern political/economic thought . 
   you can find economists supporting every political ideology you want politically , sure . 
  but the mainstream economic view is that markets are best left to themselves . 
   no one argues for a market free from any kind of restrictions ( well , except libertarians , anarcho-capitalist , anarchists ... you know what i mean ) . 
  well , and economists . 
  or , rather , economists argue that a completely free market is the best market . 
  and that belief does permeate political thought these days , as can be seen here - restrictions and other market interventions essentially have to pass a test of not being damaging to the market . 
  the man in the street sees that as protecting the profits of companies , which it does of course do , but the reason why the political layer is open to that persuasion is not because they 're `` in the pockets of the companies '' or otherwise corrupt , but because they believe , as they are regularly told by economists , that the fewer restrictions on markets the better , and that any restrictions should therefore have to jump hoops before they 're passed . 
   eventually its going to get to the point where robots will do a humans job at 1 millionth of the price . 
  they do n't require food or sleep or breaks or light or air or anything that we fragile squishy humans do . 
  the first company to adopt robots would make huge profits for a while , because it would be able to undercut its competitors slightly while having massively lower costs . 
  then its competitors would also adopt robots , and the competition on price would start over , eventually reducing the price of the goods to much the same margin above cost of production as they have now . 
  unusually , this is a bit of market theory that really works , which is why we pay 60 cents for a light-bulb that provides a thousand times the illumination of a candle , when we used to pay roughly that amount for a candle . 
  innovations that make production cheaper always wind up making consumer prices cheaper as long as there 's competition . 
  unfortunately , at the point where every business has replaced its staff with robots , we have the problem of where your consumers will get money to buy the products ... 
  the move to shelve has nothing to do with what 's * in * ttip - the negotiations were shelved because the intense lobbying over the standards would disrupt the ttip negotiations , not because the standards involved would be incompatible with ttip . 
  the pesticide action network - which the writer supposedly sources his material from - [ say as much themselves ] ( http://www.pan-europe.info/resources/briefings/pan%20europe%20position%20paper%20on%20the%20us%20eu%20trade%20talks.pdf ) :  while the european commission had to present the criteria to assess endocrine disrupting chemicals by december 14 , 2013 , they did not . 
  instead , probably also because of the ongoing talks , commission secretary-general ms. day stopped the process , sidelined leading dg environment and demanded an impact assessment . 
  now already for a year nothing happens and the public is left unprotected . 
  the full-stop happened after a massive lobby of pesticide industry ( and uk ) with exaggerated profit losses of potentially banned pesticides . 
  while i like the guardian , and dislike ttip , this is a rather poor attempt to make ttip look bad by implying a direct link that is n't there . 
  it 's well past time that the media ( and us ) stopped using the blanket term `` the eu '' and started differentiating between actions by the council , the commission , and the parliament . 
  the title of this thread , for example - `` the eu '' is not the problem here , your government and mine are . 
   i think it 's more amusing that people think that this was done by accident . 
  given that the ecb have egg on their faces about it , and had to release a statement , given that the ecb does not in fact normally operate this way , and given that the action that the participants were informed of is a fairly normal part of the actions of the ecb , you 'd either have to work pretty hard to see it as anything else , or operate on assumptions to which mere facts are irrelevant . 
  sounds like a screw-up :  the ecb said in a statement that the intention had been to release the remarks on monday as coeure spoke , and that a procedural error prevented that happening until tuesday morning . 
  somebody somewhere is catching it hot . 
   as for trying to count non inscrits as independents is imo dishonest they are parties with a line and many seats in other chambers . 
  yeah , i was uncomfortable with that because of that point , and actually non-inscrits are the wrong measure of independents the other way as well . 
  we have one current independent mep , but she sits with an ep group - actually , we technically have two , since our single fianna f\u00e1il mep lost the party whip because he would n't sit with the group his party wanted him to . 
  a better total is about 18 independent politicians out of 751 , which is 2.4 % to the uk 's 0.1 % , but still not much next to ireland 's 12 % . 
  we use pr-stv in the euro elections . 
  and the ep has a higher proportion of independents than the house of commons - 30 ( or 53 including the french fn ) non-inscrits in 750 meps versus 1 independent mp in 650 . 
  we have 20 independent tds in 166 . 
   only when you have bs like closed list pr making the reps totaly impotent . 
  it would require voting reform to work . 
   it works here because a party ca n't sack that specific rep and still be sure of getting that seat . 
  in a lost system any one who puts their voters before the party is totaly fucked . 
  both the uk and ireland have individual seats , but they also have whip systems and patronage . 
  our whip system is stronger than yours , and party loyalty , despite the individual seats , is close to 100 % . 
  same in the ep - meps vote the way their national party wants . 
  an individual mp has to have a really strong local base and local machine before they can afford to leave a party - otherwise parliament would be full of independents . 
   i also think that it might be the reason that dublin is such a tech hub -- it 's in europe and english-speaking . 
  in spite of having some seriously shitty weather , can confirm , weather currently being shitty . 
   the whole point of private members bills is the executive ca n't block them . 
  in any system where the executive is formed by the party/parties with a majority in the legislature , they can block it simply by voting it down rather than by executive privilege . 
  this is the kind of thing i mean about legislative-majority executives - they * seem * more democratic than a separate executive , but the end result is that they wield executive privileges under parliamentary cover . 
   it should still have some analogue to private members bills so the executive ca n't just pretend an issue does n't exist . 
  the commission currently respond to requests for legislation within three months , and create legislation within a year if they 're going to . 
  so the parliament already has a way of highlighting issues - and the commission needs to keep the parliament sweet . 
  that may or may not be as good , but there is already a mechanism . 
   a lot of things written there do n't make any sense to me . 
  hence us foreign policy , which is pretty foreign to us . 
   it is not really feasible to increase the power of the parliament to relevant levels while it is alien to the citizens of europe , but you would have to increase the power to bring the citizens closer to the parliament . 
  actually , i think that if more powers are delegated to the eu ( it 's a big if at this moment ) , then the parliament will automatically become more relevant , which will slowly push the need for greater power for the parliament . 
  i 'm not actually a fan of handing legislative initiative to the parliament , though .
