  there is a deep lack of solidarity among the creditor states for the greeks unfortunately . 
  again , `` must become a transfer union '' is only from the perspective of those who * need * it to become a transfer union . 
   italy actually was growing fast before entering the euro . 
  1990 : 2.0 1991 : 1.5 1992 : 0.8 1993 : -0.9 1994 : 2.2 1995 : 2.9 1996 : 1.3 1997 : 1.8 1998 : 1.6 1999 : 1.6 2000 : 3.7 2001 : 1.8 2002 : 0.3 2003 : 0.2 2004 : 1.6 2005 : 0.9 2006 : 2.0 2007 : 1.5 not what i 'd call growing fast myself . 
  looks to me like a pre-euro average of 1.48 % , and a pre-crisis post-euro average of 1.5 % . 
  i think you just make this stuff up . 
   eurobarometer ( this is the latest i have seen though i am interested in any other sources ) now reports a majority of italians saying that the euro is a bad thing for italy ( a significant increase of 9 % taking this position since the previous eurobarometer ) . 
  that 's from october 2014 - the figure i cited is from the latest eurobarometer , the fieldwork for which was conducted in november 2014 . 
  unfortunately , the clamour was for debt relief , and there would n't have been a legal way for the greek banks to be excluded from a voluntary restructuring . 
  as it happens , though , the greek banks were immediately recapitalised from the bailout loans . 
  so the net result of the exercise was , as stated , still a $ 100bn transfer from private creditors to the greek state . 
  and because the holes in the greek banks were then plugged with bailout loans , there 's very little net effect on the * greek * private sector . 
  so the greek public sector was better off , and the greek private sector not substantially worse off . 
   investors in the core were happy about the relatively high returns they were getting in the periphery , the periphery countries enjoyed an economic boom financed in part by this easier access to the abundant capital of the core , and exports from the core to the periphery surged . 
  except that capital flows in the period before full convergence were lower than capital flows after the convergence , which would make no sense in the picture you 've painted . 
  see , for example , page 31 : http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/publications/economic_paper/2013/pdf/ecp497_en.pdf, 
   i meant in terms of percentage of restructured debt , not total amount of restructured debt . 
  greece needed far more debt to be written off . 
  is your position that the correct amount of debt was written off ? 
  i do n't know that there 's such a thing as a `` correct amount '' . 
  correct for whom ? 
  for greece , obviously they 'd have done better with a much larger writeoff . 
  but writeoffs are n't a cost-free exercise where some fat guys in a bank change a number on a computer screen with mild regret at the thought of lost bonuses and say `` oh well , better luck next time '' . 
  the holes come home to roost with someone other than greece , that 's all . 
  that 's better for greece the bigger the holes , but worse for whoever finally foots the bill . 
  the reluctance of other euro countries to lend endless amounts to greece only for the greeks to default on it is n't based on a love for fat guys in banks , but on the fact that they foot the bill . 
   even if greece did not reform , this does not mean that it would not have been better for them if they had not joined the euro . 
  well , again , `` better '' is such a slippery term . 
  they would have had a much lower standard of living with the drachma , but almost any other conclusion is pretty much pie in the sky - make a claim , and repeat it emphatically , you ca n't be proven wrong . 
   the same monetary policy does not work well for every country . 
  look at italy for example : they have hardly grown economically at all since they joined the euro . 
  unsurprisingly , italians are turning massively against the euro . 
  they hardly grew before it , either . 
  i 'm not sure what constitutes ` massive ' , though - the last i saw was a 3 % shift from do n't know to opposed , with the majority still in favour . 
  not really , because my main view about the 2012 haircut is that it was pragmatically necessary , whereas other people seem to feel it was morally imperative . 
  it does n't matter to whom the money was owed - it was spent in greece by greek governments , and borrowed from other people for that purpose . 
  it does n't matter at all whether the greek government borrowed from domestic banks or foreign banks - * they * borrowed . 
  they owed the money . 
  they got the writeoff - a transfer of $ 100bn from the private sector to the greek government , even net of the cost of recapitalising the greek banks . 
   that is my whole point . 
  there was a quicker buck to be made : by design . 
  so that capital flows could be realized into the periphery . 
  otherwise if the rates were the same , why would anyone lend ireland ? 
  or greece ? 
  i have a lot of difficulty with your point , i admit . 
  first off , the facts on which your point is based : eurozone bond rates did converge , and radically so . 
  there was a lot written about it , and i would have said the convergence is undeniable . 
  see , for example : http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-_v37tp3i-qc/t91oaleumvi/aaaaaaaagcs/mqaqkcjuy2y/s1600/europe+in+a+graphic.png a search will tell you the same thing : https://www.google.ie/search?q=euro+bond+rate+convergence&amp;num=100&amp;newwindow=1&amp;safe=off&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=jigrvdn1gcod7gahq7j4ba&amp;ved=0cagq_auoag&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=630#imgrc=hdml9fhzuyosdm%3a second , the logic . 
  the difference between peripheral bond rates and core bond rates was vastly higher before the euro ( before erm , really ) . 
  therefore , by your logic , if capital investment is driven by high yields in the periphery for core investors , the driving force - the differential - * before * the euro was very much larger than after its introduction . 
  far from the euro driving such flows `` by design '' , your own logic would make it reduce such flows . 
  so i really ca n't see your point as in any way valid , i 'm afraid . 
   can you provide a source for that ? 
  i ca n't find any that verifies that claim . 
  i only find ones that say the opposite . 
  here is a reuters source for 2010 and here is a source for 2011 estimates after selective buyouts and ecb/imf involvement . 
  i think you 're correct and i 'm wrong - i was citing greek banks as the largest holders off a memory of that having been a point , but i think what i was remembering was only that greek banks were * large * holders of greek debt and mistaking that for * largest * . 
   other sovereign debt restructurings have been much much larger in the past . 
  apparently not :  the greek debt exchange can claim historic significance in more than one respect . 
  it set a new world record in terms of restructured debt volume and aggregate creditor losses , easily surpassing previous high water marks such as the default and restructuring of argentina 2001-2005  ??? 
  unless by `` same medicine '' you meant the general paradigm of trying to run a primary surplus and undertake reforms , the comment stands much as it was stated , i think . 
   really ? 
  why would they have stayed a lot poorer ? 
  other countries that stayed out of the euro , denmark , uk , sweden , switzerland , poland , czech , norway and hungary have n't really stayed poorer than the eurozone . 
  so i do n't know why greece would have . 
  because none of those countries is greece . 
  discounting the obviously completely different countries - denmark , uk , sweden , switzerland , and norway - which did n't start the period poor and corrupt , we 're left with poland , czech , and hungary , which did , but reformed . 
  greece did n't reform despite having money to compensate for reforms , and i have no idea why you beileve it would be more likely to have reformed if it had n't . 
   i do n't think anyone , with the benefit of hindsight , would go back in time five years and do the same thing again . 
  the debt restructuring should have been much much larger last time round . 
  how much larger could it have been ? 
   ireland 's economy is totally different from the greek economy . 
  ireland have a highly-skilled mobile english-speaking workforce with a clear and low level of corporate taxation , links to the us/uk economies , and crucially unit labour costs that are basically similar to germany 's . 
  ireland just had a massive banking crisis . 
  unfortunately you can not give greeks the same medicine as was given to ireland and expect it to cure a different disease . 
  in detail , no , but in detail it was n't . 
   had they not entered into the euro in the first place , their borrowings would have been in drachma and their interest premium higher and they would be busy inflating away their debts ( and not been able to borrow so much in the first place ) . 
  sure . 
  they 'd also have stayed a lot poorer . 
  but they did n't do that , and that 's not the situation they 're moving from . 
  it 's like saying that moving into a one-room shack would n't be such a change if you 'd stayed living in your two-room shack - true , but they 've been living in a 4-bed semi-d , so moving back even to a two-bed shack would be a hell of a shock . 
   it did not apply to all banks , at all . 
  it was a private sector involvement haircut and it hit greek banks and greek pension funds the hardest . 
  it applied ( or , strictly , since it was voluntary , was available to ) all private sector creditors of greece . 
  yes , it did hit greek banks hardest , but that was because they held most greek debt , not because they were the only ones participating . 
  taken with varoufakis ' account of his own intervention at the talks , i think juncker is telling it entirely straight . 
  i have to say that as a left-leaner myself , i 'm appalled by the damage being done to the credibility of left-wing government in europe by syriza . 
  is there really nothing more to a leftist government than refusing to pay what you owe , refusing to deal with anyone who wants to help unless it 's on your terms , and believing that `` tax the rich '' will somehow sort everything out ? 
  we currently need more left in europe . 
  syriza are n't helping . 
   can you explain , if these banks are always going to be bailed out since they are `` necessary '' , and thus never entail any risk of a bad investment , why greece has to pay a higher price in interest than say , germany , to borrow money ( in the form of bonds ) from said banks ? 
  partly because banks are by no means the only lenders . 
  and also because a bank bailout , while it looks to us like a really sweet deal , means that all the bank 's shareholders and investors are wiped out - plus the bank is often restructured , bought over , and other things that people prefer not to have happen to them and their business . 
   greece , even before the crisis , paid much more money in interest to borrow money than many of its european partners , thus ensuring a quicker buck for the banks which lent it money while assuming none of the risk ( or responsibility ) . 
  greece paid the same rates as ireland or other similar eurozone countries - even pretty much the same as france ( you can check that [ here ] ( http://www.investing.com/rates-bonds/france-10-year-bond-yield ) ) - before the crisis . 
  part of the `` euro convergence '' in bond rates . 
  that means the markets were assuming that the risks in greece were similar to france or ireland , which turned out not to be true . 
  as i said , you could make off greek bonds only what you could make off other eurozone bonds - there was no `` quicker buck '' , because there was no greek risk premium . 
  what there was was a huge fecking writeoff if you were still holding them in 2012 . 
   greek banks and greek bond holders were forced to take a haircut en masse in 2012 .
