  pride has a role in politics . 
  people here laugh at tsipras talking about humiliation , but he has shown more political insight than most leaders who think that this is all about rational choices . 
  as you imply , though ( probably accidentally ) , the main role of pride in politics is preventing the making of rational choices . 
  i 'd tend to agree . 
  of your two options , the creation of a general exit mechanism would be harder to sell as not needing a referendum . 
  the second option could be presented as a necessary eu-level but pretty much intergovernmental decision needing to be taken rapidly . 
  i think people would accept that it was the government facilitating greece rather than something with an impact on us . 
  although , to be fair , our recent history has left us slightly wary of the government telling us it 's an emergency and quick decisions need to be made , because the last time they told us that we wound up with a bill for $ 65 billion . 
  about the only way i can see recent syriza actions as being a cunning plan is if the cunning plan is really to exit the eu and set up a communist state . 
  they do say that eu exit is not what they want , but that 's because the greek public does n't want it . 
  telling the greek public that the referendum is simply on the acceptance of a particular bailout package , when the rest of the eu is pretty clear it 's effectively an in/out referendum would allow them to exit the eu with the apparent agreement of the greek public . 
  seems improbable , but on the other hand , so has everything else so far . 
  for ireland , partly tradition , partly legal requirement . 
  legal : any treaty that restricts irish sovereignty requires a referendum , because the constitution states that irish sovereignty is derived from the people , so the government may not ratify such a treaty without the express consent of the people via referendum . 
  traditional : having held referendums on every eu treaty since the eighties , an irish government would have to be * very * sure of itself ( legally and politically ) before it ratified one without a referendum . 
  something which used to be called leadership , but is now considered profoundly undemocratic by many ... 
  but nobody 's islands are like greek islands . 
  only countries with greek islands can understand greek islands !, 
   and if every proposal is an ultimatum , how come that so many proposals have been made ? 
  strange ultimatums , are n't they ? 
  presumably more like penultimatums , or antepenultimatums ... 
   this is basic logic and maths . 
  say for example country x was the second largest export market for every reu country and if you added up the total for exports from all reu to country x that total was greater than for any other country ? 
  this is what we are doing when we are looking at the largest export market for the reu . 
  we are looking at the total . 
  each individual figure does not matter : the total matters . 
  how good is your maths ? 
  oh , good enough , i think . 
  i did check whether the biggest exporting countries have you in a strong position , and they do n't . 
  a full analysis might overturn that view , but rather than repeat the work you 've apparently looked at , i 'll wait . 
  the political point , though , comes clearly off the back of the list i linked to - you 're not the major market for any country in the eu , nor even the second largest market for any larger eu country , and that means the political driver for a beneficial trade arrangement is weaker than the phrase `` the eu 's largest export market '' would imply even if that 's the case . 
  it 's sufficient that we can assume the commission will more or less immediately open trade negotiations , but insufficient for the claim you make that the eu will have no real choice but to opt for free trade without any real conditions . 
   i did n't do the maths myself , but the analysis seemed robust . 
  others have looked closely at them , including euphiles on here , and not found fault with them . 
  that 's rather too arm-wavy . 
  you seem willing to accept on faith what agrees with your preferences , while becoming super-picky about what does n't . 
   to be honest , there is already so much anger and snearing at the uk from the rest of the eu for having the referendum , for daring to stay out of the euro , for daring to stay out of schengen , for not wanting to be a single federal state and i agree that if the uk votes out the anger with the uk will be extraordinary , just as there is massive anger against greece now . 
  you only have to read the constant `` lazy greeks '' comments on here to understand what our partners think about the greeks . 
  i do n't think there 's any such `` massive anger '' at all . 
  there 's an irritation , certainly , that the uk seems to want all the benefits and none of the responsibilities , but anything more than that is , i think , your personal perception - and , again , one that 's convenient for your beliefs . 
  ireland is n't in schengen either , and i do n't feel there 's even any mild irritation over that . 
   in the long run , though , the uk and the reu will likely put in place a new trading relationship . 
  well , yes , obviously . 
  the question is what that trading relationship will be . 
  the only way a new trading relationship can be implemented very quickly is if it 's basically the same as the existing one . 
  the problem with that is that the existing relationship in trade terms is based on a far deeper relationship ( and concomitant conditions ) than just the trade relations . 
  you appear to believe that the trade relationship can continue on the same terms despite the dissolution of the deeper relationship - and are fully prepared to explain any difficulty in it doing so as being due to bad intentions on the part of the other party . 
  the uk can not be accorded a trade relationship equivalent to the current one it has without the additional deeper relationship it currently has with the eu . 
  legally , that 's impossible , because a lot of the conditions for such a trade relationship are the result of the uk 's acceptance and implementation of the acquis . 
  the uk could accept the acquis in order to maintain the existing trade relationship , but that does make leaving the eu rather a pointless gesture . 
   this , as a matter of logic , is just not true . 
  not sure how you work that out . 
   i did n't do that maths myself , someone else did it and some journo picked up on it . 
  however , after reading the discussion , it did n't surprise me . 
  the journo sourced the maths involved . 
  and you checked them ? 
  rather than being unsurprised and accepting them because they `` seemed true '' to you ? 
  because people are very willing to accept as true what agrees with their preferences . 
   and thus the uk must be prepared for the reu to try and put maximum tariffs on exports from the uk etc. 
  but do you know what ? 
  if that is the attitude of the reu , then do we really want `` ever closer union '' with them ? 
  of course not . 
  there 's a bit of very flaky logic in there . 
  the attitude of members of a union to someone who rejects that union , and their attitude to the same people not rejecting that union , are n't going to be the same thing . 
  you ca n't therefore use how the rest of the eu might react to a uk that has rejected the union as their attitude to it if they had n't . 
  the shorthand for that is `` sour grapes '' - it 's an emotive position , not a rational one . 
   i 'm on a mobile phone right now . 
  that 's ok - take your time . 
   however , if you think that the uk is not the reu 's largest export market , why do n't you say which country is the reu 's largest export market ? 
  why ? 
  i do n't consider the question very interesting - i 'm only responding to your unbacked assertion that it 's the uk . 
  i can easily show it * ca n't * be the uk , and that does n't require finding out who it is instead . 
  if you 're not the # 1 export market for * any * eu country , then you ca n't be the # 1 export market of all of them together . 
   why is that so difficult for you ?!, 
  because it involves dissecting uk trade out from its current recording position as intra-eu trade , and re-evaluating it as an external export market , subtracting the uk 's contribution to , say , eu-us trade from what 's currently recorded . 
  the stats are n't recorded that way , which makes it something of an exercise in multiple data sources and cross-checking . 
  and the thing is , that since you do indeed continue to assert this ( your legalistic turn of phrase is noted ) , i can only conclude that you have already done this exercise , and will have your figures to hand once you 're off your mobile . 
  and i do mean * your * figures , rather than some journalist 's article that you 've never checked the accuracy of . 
  trucidator , why do n't you provide * your * figures ? 
  it 's kind of clear that you 're going to twist and turn to keep your beliefs intact , so let 's cut to the chase . 
  i 've provided figures from eurostat and from the uk government . 
  now , where are your figures ? 
  you must have figures , presumably , in order to have come to the belief that the uk is the biggest export market for the rest of the eu ? 
  have a look at the figures again . 
  it 's not the case - you are confusing the the eu 's status as the uk 's largest import/export partner with the reverse . 
  you 're not even ireland 's largest export partner - that 's the us . 
   the uk is the largest export market of the reu . 
  are you saying that it is n't ? 
  sure . 
  have a look at the table on page 2 of this : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6760204/6-27032015-ap-en.pdf/15911e52-a591-400d-af4c-d3ac72affa8c it lists the 3 main export partners by member state . 
  the uk is # 1 for nobody , # 2 for ireland , poland , and cyprus , # 3 for denmark , germany , netherlands and sweden . 
  how exactly could the uk be the largest export market for the rest of the eu when it is n't even the top export market for a single eu country ? 
   by far the largest mistake was made by the people that designed the euro and the subsequent mistakes have been by the reurozone who refuse to create eurobonds and a fiscal union , the only possible solution . 
  that eurobonds and a fiscal union is the `` only possible solution '' for greece would not make it either the `` only possible '' or even a desirable solution for other countries . 
  and those other countries do have to think about what 's best for their own country rather than for greece . 
  that 's what they 're elected for , after all - i 'm not aware of any country that has elected a government on the basis of thinking first about greece . 
   the uk is the reu 's largest export market . 
  ah , well , i knew in advance that mere figures would never convince you . 
   two of the three institutions managing the greek crisis as eu institutions , the european commission and the european central bank . 
  it has been a disaster .
