  i like dublin 's low-rise character , but i do n't see any reason not to have a `` manhattan on the liffey '' down in the docklands . 
  the uk opted ( as did ireland and sweden , and we had similarly tiny estimates of net immigration ) not to use the 7-year moratorium on free movement for the accession countries back in 2004/5 . 
  that made the uk - again , like ireland and sweden - the only open eu destinations for any accession state emigrants , and that , in turn , meant that when the other countries opened up to those emigrants , there were already very sizeable communities in place in those three countries , making it far easier for emigrants to continue going to those countries . 
  had every country opened up at the same time , it 's likely that germany and austria would have been the main targets for accession state emigrants , and the uk figures would have likely been more similar to the predictions . 
  on the other hand , the uk presumably knew they 'd be in that position , so the predictions remain rather bizarre . 
   is n't switzerland due to block `` free movement '' in february ? 
  and if it does so , it will lose access to the single market . 
  currently the swiss government is trying like mad to avoid that . 
  this is because the eu trades as a bloc , and the eu commission is the trade agent for the member states . 
  trade agreements are a competence which all member state parliaments have already agreed to give to the eu . 
  where the trade agreement also contains elements which are n't trade - a so-called ` mixed agreement ' - the responsibility is n't fully delegated to the eu , and the national parliaments ' consent is necessary . 
  ceta can only `` bypass national parliaments '' if it meets the conditions under which those national parliaments agreed trade deals could do so . 
  same here in ireland . 
  the irish papers have got their teeth into it , despite there being nothing to it . 
  it 's almost as if they 've caught euromyth fever after brexit . 
  absolutely - plus then we have to put up with a lot of pointless legislation brought about by meps playing to their home audiences . 
  the parliament as a body , and the council as a body , can ask the commission to initiate legislation , which the commission has to do unless it considers that there is no need for * european * legislation on the issue and that everyone is better or equally well served by national legislation . 
  that seems to me to be a completely reasonable approach , but not to many people , as far as i can tell . 
   what do you mean exactly ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure i understand the democratic deficit . 
  because it means whatever one wants it to mean . 
  the germans tend to see it as their much reduced voting power in the parliament , for example , whereas others see it as the fact that the commission holds the right of legislative initiative , and yet others see it as the fact that the eu does n't have a national demos . 
  it will actually vary by country . 
  in ireland , we have more meps per head than does germany , so that one 's not a big problem for us . 
  however , unlike the germans , our parliament exercises very limited power over the actions of our government when it 's voting in the eu . 
  the english , by and large , tend towards the `` we did n't elect them '' issue - they do n't worry that much about their relative under-representation in the european parliament , because they 're mostly under the impression that the ep is purely a `` talking shop '' with no powers , as it was 20 + years ago ( hence , in fact , nigel farage ) . 
   so i do n't get how people could think about removing english from the eu institutions . 
  based on the same sort of reasoning as much of the brexit debate was , i suppose . 
  no chance of english being dropped , apparently :  statement on the behalf of the european commission representation in ireland . 
   we note the media reports stating that in the event of a uk withdrawal from the eu , english would cease to be an official language of the eu . 
   this is incorrect . 
  the council of ministers , acting unanimously , decide on the rules governing the use of languages by the european institutions . 
  in other words , any change to the eu institutions ' language regime is subject to a unanimous vote of the council , including ireland . .  these provisions are contained in article 342 of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  nah , that was more `` ok you voted for something impossible , we 're going to just wait for that to dawn on you '' . 
  careers have been built on it . 
   all this market chaos is irrational . 
     nobody knows what the end result of this non-binding referendum will be . 
  that 's currently the cause of the market chaos , though - it 's quite rational for the markets to reflect uncertainty . 
   since when is `` it should have a chance of happening '' the prerequisite to be able to discuss the merits of an idea ? 
  in political discussions , i 'd say . 
   we 're all trying to make sense of it , and your divination does n't have more intrinsic worth than mine ... on the other hand , mine sticks to the facts . 
   they will in the future if they get their way and at that point i 'd want out as well unlikely , i think . 
  to have competence over ireland 's tax rate , the eu would have to be given competence over everyone 's . 
  it 's amazing how many people do n't get that . 
  the alternative to the slight inequality of the eu is even greater inequality . 
   anyone thinking the netherlands would be better off outside of the eu is fucking deranged . 
  sure , but the same was true for the uk - so the important question is whether over 50 % of you * are * that deranged . 
  the eu has no competence over ireland 's tax rate , and i do n't doubt brian hayes knows that . 
  so this is about resisting pressure from the other member states to stop being a tax haven in exchange for the deals we 'll need to cope with brexit . 
   true but even with that knowledge it 's impossible to make an informed decision when we are n't told what the alternative actually is . 
  i think that 's one of the strongest arguments for a second referendum , once there 's a better idea of what the alternatives really are . 
  the problem is that i think that involves the uk invoking article 50 , and the big question then is whether that 's reversible without the uk having to reapply for membership . 
  there 's nothing that actually explicitly says it irreversible , but the assumption is obviously there . 
  even if you 're used to referendums , people will still use them from time to time to give the government a kicking . 
  in ireland 's case , of course , the government just re-runs them after dutifully saying `` ouch '' . 
  best of both worlds , really . 
   farage would say that , his party has one seat in parliament , they were n't the ones expected to come up with a plan . 
  the thing is that we do n't seem to be looking at just the absence of a detailed plan , but apparently at a complete void in terms of any idea at all what to do next . 
  to campaign for 20 years on the basis that out of the eu is a better place to be , but to have absolutely no idea of what to do when you get there ? 
  imagine i spent years trying to persuade you to go to iceland , and you finally agreed to go - and then when we landed at reykjavik , and you said `` so , what shall we do ? '', 
  i said `` well , i 've no idea , i just wanted to go to iceland '' . 
  i think you 'd be entitled to a fairly large measure of wtf ? 
   it 's johnson and co who really dropped the ball here . 
  boris ' problem is that he did n't plan on ` winning ' - so of course he did n't plan for what might happen if he did . 
   scottish parliament withholding consent is not able to veto brexit . 
  well , a bit . 
  they have veto power over any changes that impact eu legislation 's application in scotland , which brexit would definitely be , but that power is granted to them by the uk parliament . 
  so the scots could veto , the commons could remove their veto , and then the next scottish referendum is a foregone conclusion . 
   eu will give them directly the norway deal the other eea members would have to accept them as well , and i 'm not sure that 's something they want to do , because the uk is much bigger than all of them combined . 
   like the eu was keeping people from being hostile to foreigners . 
  not that , really . 
  the thing about racism is that there are always plenty of racists . 
  it 's kept in check as long as they feel they 're in a minority and it 's socially unacceptable - they keep quiet about it , and it 's not publicly expressed . 
  if they see a lot of other people like themselves , they start feeling it 's ok to be more open about it . 
  the leave campaign contained a lot of covert to not very covert racism , and the leave victory looks like a vindication of that , so racists will have taken comfort from it , and currently feel they 're in the majority , and have the tacit support of a good chunk of the political establishment . 
  the potential for an upward spiral in racism is , i think , fairly obvious . 
  true . 
  he 's a career cunt . 
  or ftt - `` financial transactions tax '' . 
  farage did say this * before * the vote . 
   it 's a minor issue , a culture is more than that , but do n't get confused between the two . 
  i will be certain to be careful . 
  `` a culture is more than that '' - a lesson to us all in anthropology . 
   that argument speaks for itself . 
  well , it 's sad because it has no real validity , and absolutely no chance whatsoever of happening . 
  it 's tooth fairy stuff . 
  i mean , we could argue it as a hypothetical , but once we 'd done , no matter what amazing arguments you put forward for it , it still would n't be happening . 
   the ez states gambled that , in an emergency situation , they would be able to change the rules on the fly . 
  and that happened ! , albeit two years to late to prevent major mayhem in most ez states . 
  i 'd be more impressed by your ability to divine the motivations of the eurozone states when writing the ecb 's statutes if the second claim was n't untrue , as it is . 
  the rules did n't change , draghi bent them , trichet would n't . 
   ireland is n't far off from the uk in this regards . 
  we 're pretty well-known for being open to interactions with strangers . 
  the response does tend to depend on the approach , though . 
   if a stranger says ` mate ' ie in the street , it could be seen as a friendly gesture only in the context of an otherwise polite and friendly exchange , i think . 
  `` excuse me , mate , can you tell me the way to grafton street '' is fine . 
  `` which way to grafton street , mate '' is a bit brusque , and likely to be met with an equally off-hand set of directions . 
  in neither case , though , is the `` mate '' itself adding anything positive - both requests sound at least as good without it . 
  in any situation which is in the slightest bit unfriendly , using `` mate '' is a negative marker , likely to be met with `` i 'm not your f *** g mate , mate !, 
   i get that maybe there is a fear that state judges might not be completely neutral , even if they are supposed to be .
