   ah shite i 've probably got that wrong then , still a huge difference and burden on the irish economy . 
  eh , not that badly wrong - there are people deliberately muddying that particular figure for political reasons . 
   does that include the foreign bondholders bailed out by the irish government ? 
  yes and no . 
  the government never gave the banks money to pay bondholders , they gave them money to keep them solvent in the face of the losses they took on their property loans . 
  banks ' balance sheets have to balance exactly - what they owe people in deposits ( the bank 's liabilities ) has to be balanced by what they 're owed in loans ( the bank 's assets ) . 
  when the building bubble burst , a lot of the loans the banks had made to developers suddenly became worth a fraction of their face value - the value of a loan is ( amount x likelihood of repayment ) , and that second bit went down from the banks ' estimate of maybe 95 % towards 40-50 % . 
  that was actually where the big hole was that the government filled . 
  the bonds are actually the bank equivalent of a cash float , much smaller than the balance sheets . 
   if an institution buys bonds in an irish bank they are making an investment based risk and reward . 
  i do n't think it 's right that they can then get their money back in full when things go tits up . 
  as the risk is a major part of the pricing of the bond . 
  this is true in principle , but the word `` risk '' is used very loosely . 
  the risk involved in a senior secured bond is very very low - because the bond is heavily legally protected . 
  should the bank become insolvent , a senior bond is at the head of the queue for any repayment that can be made - a secured bond has a direct legal claim on bank assets to the amount of the bond . 
  so , while bond holders are indeed taking a risk , they 're taking it under tightly specified conditions , with a * lot * of legal protection . 
  that legal protection is as strong as for depositors , sometimes stronger , and setting it aside by law is something a country can do only with extremely heavy penalties to its reputation , because it 's basically saying that the law only protects you if the government feels like it . 
   they really made a mess of it . 
  the only thing i 'd add is . 
  to stop a bubble they would have to put up taxes on properties , as they 'd lost their interest rate setting abilities going into the euro . 
  there were a lot of things that could have been done , either by the government or by the central bank of ireland . 
  the latter is just beginning to do such things , and you can see from the public , media and political response why ff never did them . 
  polls rarely capture the intricacy of stv , though . 
  there are three levels of explanation : * the official level - there were n't any problems , people just took against them * the respectable explanation - there were questions over their reliability and the possibility of them being hacked * the likely explanation - they lack drama . 
  press the button , get the result . 
  dull , dull , dull . 
  pr-stv by manual counting is as much fun as racing , and you hate some of the horses - it 's like a grudge match version of the grand national . 
  possibly people recognise that the crash was the outcome of a decade of bad ff-led government in which the greens had no part . 
  technically , the taoiseach is elected by the d\u00e1il . 
  coalition formation is essentially an agreement to vote for the same person as taoiseach - usually the leader of the bigger coalition party , with the leader of the second biggest as tanaiste . 
  whoever is elected taoiseach by the d\u00e1il is then invited by the president to form a government , which he does by picking as ministers whoever was agreed in the coalition negotiations . 
  it 's quite possible that the party that caused the crash will have been fully forgiven at that stage , and will be given another go . 
   why are the surplus votes of nial ring shared among the rest not immediatly ? 
  i think because in this case they were n't enough to make a difference to the candidate order at the point where he went over quota . 
   if there 1000 votes for a seat a needed and a canditate gets 1010 votes . 
  of the 10 surplus votes , which ones are the ones being redistributed ? 
  the redistribution is based on the ` parcel ' of votes that took them over quota . 
  that 's not the 10 surplus votes , nor the 1010 total , but all the votes transferred to the candidate in the round in which they went over quota . 
  so if they were on 810 votes , and 200 transfers came to them in a round from the elimination of the bottom ranking candidate , those 200 votes are looked at , and only in terms of transfers . 
  so let 's say of the 200 , 50 transferred to b , 30 to c , 20 to d , and the rest were non-transferable . 
  b actually receives 5 votes ( ( 50/100 ) x10 ) , c 3 , and d 2 . 
   it left the irish economy which makes up 1 % of eu gdp paying 25 % of the bill for the crash . 
  well ... about 11 % of the total bill for bank bailouts all round europe was ours , but that 's because our banks ' balance sheets were close to four times our gdp . 
  the only country with a higher ratio of banks to gdp was iceland . 
  that was the other major way the government made a mess - allowing the banks to concentrate a huge amount of loans in property . 
  worse , they concentrated loans on a few key developers . 
   this is moving slightly into speculation of what the british government will do rather than what 's open to them . 
  i appreciate that taken politicians solemnly at their word is inadvisable , but on the other hand i think that when the uk pm says he 'll do something he will have both the power and the mandate to do , describing it as `` speculation '' is a bit of a reach . 
   there 's nothing in the referendum or act that launched the referendum about activating article 50 immediately . 
  there 's nothing in the referendum or the act that requires the uk to leave the eu at all . 
  yet here we are talking as if the uk * will * leave the eu if the referendum returns such a result . 
   the only uncertainty is if article 50 is activated immediately . 
  which is what cameron has said will be the case :  prime minister david cameron yesterday set out the details of the uk-eu deal in the house of commons . 
  he argued that the referendum would be `` a straight democratic decision ... having a second renegotiation followed by a second referendum is not on the ballot paper . '' he went on to say that `` if the british people vote to leave , there is only one way to bring that about , namely to trigger article 50 of the treaties and begin the process of exit , and the british people would rightly expect that to start straight away . '' that 's pretty clear . 
   only the british government can do that , the eu ca n't impose it . 
  that would be pretty much the opposite of what the eu would want , anyway ... 
  that 's one of the possibilities , true . 
   you 're forgetting the benefits of stabbing yourself : ambulance ride , instant weight loss , free morphine , time off work . 
  you left out free bleeding , which medical science thought was good for you for * centuries * . 
  plus , extra iron in your bloodstream !, 
   anyone claiming to know what will happen if we leave is talking complete shite . 
  anyone claiming to know * for sure about everything involved * is wrong , certainly , but that does n't mean informed analysis of likely outcomes is impossible . 
  it increasingly looks as if you 're just using this as a mantra to ward off unwelcome analyses of the possible outcomes of brexit . 
  and that should tell you something . 
  after all , you ca n't know for * sure * that putting a gun to your head and pulling the trigger will kill you . 
  stabbing yourself to death is also surprisingly hard , i 'm told . 
  people do manage it , but it takes a good deal of conviction . 
  which i take to mean you do n't agree . 
  it 's true , though - the city 's bread and butter is banking and bond/currency trading . 
  hedge funds are prominent and exciting , but not the bread and butter . 
  not really . 
  it 's a bit of the jam , and only a bit . 
  a realistic look at the non-speculative aspects of brexit : https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/503830/54538_eu_series_no2_print_ready.pdf one of the big unconsidered factors is that unless the uk plumps for something off-the-shelf like eea membership , negotiating a new arrangement is highly unlikely to be completed within the two years laid out for it in the treaties . 
  unless that two year period is extended by agreement ( and the uk would probably have to buy that agreement with concessions ) , then at the end of it no agreement means quite simply that the uk is out of the eu with no arrangements - in the interim , on the other hand , the uk will have to continue to implement all eu law without having a say in it . 
  before dismissing this as `` speculation '' , i suggest reading the linked paper . 
  it 's pretty much an executive summary , it 's not too long or too heavy . 
   that may be why the hedge funds are the most ardent brexit supporters . 
  which is rather like vultures being the most ardent supporters of your decision to take a solitary walk in the desert . 
  not exactly light reading , but sets out the whitehall mandarins ' best understanding of the likely brexit roadmap , and something of an antidote to the rather blithe assertions being made in the debate . 
  oecd has 32.6 % for uk , 26 % for us , 29.9 % for ireland , 36.1 % for germany , and 45.2 % for france . 
   how are either eurosceptic ? 
  they ... make slightly rude noises about the eu ? 
  that 's pretty eurosceptic for ireland . 
  in ff 's case , though , only since they realised they could blame the eu for the bailouts . 
  that 's possible , but the popular narrative is that they kept next to none of their pledges . 
  it does also involve quite a large assumption . 
  i would have assumed that the policies labour fought harder for would be those they feel their voting base cared more about . 
   they were not able to keep any of there promises and the did the complete opposite in some cases . 
  they kept 62 % of their promises , apparently : http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/coalition-parties-filled-44-of-election-promises-study-1.2545776  a detailed analysis of the pledges made by fine gael and labour before the last election shows the two parties partially or fully implemented more than 60 per cent of them . 
   they identified 421 clear , testable pledges made by the two parties , with 235 from fine gael and 186 from labour . 
   the breakdown for the two parties taken together shows that 44 per cent of the pledges were fully fulfilled , 18 per cent partially fulfilled and 39 per cent not fulfilled . 
   labour managed to fully or partially fulfil 62 per cent of pledges while fine gael implemented 60 per cent of its pledges . 
  it 's interesting that we have , on the one hand , a proper analysis which suggests the majority of pledges were kept , and that labour punched above its weight - on the other , a popular narrative which says they broke all their promises and had no weight in government . 
  like the lib dems , labour 's situation is more about perception than reality - but that 's politics . 
  it 's not necessary for the world to be perfect , and the claim that it does is simply a way of pretending such issues ca n't be solved . 
  we do have , in fact , a whole series of international treaties banning a wide variety of things on the basis of a consensus that they 're wrong - chemical weapons , biological weapons , slavery , etc. 
  clearly a perfect world is not required . 
   sure , it was the moral thing to do , but it was only really done because it was financially competitive to do so . 
  no , it * was * done because it was the moral thing to do . 
  it was resisted by those for whom its abolition was financially disadvantageous , and passed in parliament when those pro-slavery interests had become sufficiently weak , but it never became financially advantageous to the uk .
