  greece 's situation is not the eu 's fault , and leaving the eu does nothing but cut off the channel to the only people who are doing anything to help . 
  the eu and imf argue over the details of what is needed , but the imf will not aid greece alone - and it is the eu which the imf would have carry the burden of any greek debt writedown , not the imf . 
  the idea of a debt writedown is only a possibility because the eu * could * be persuaded to carry the cost of it - were greece an imf client without the eu , it is unlikely the imf would be suggesting it , since it would entail the imf spending years in the country , as opposed to the eu doing so . 
   these will be the kind of people that made up their minds years ago , before any real debate even began . 
  i suppose so did most of the young for `` remain '' to be fair . 
  that 's a bit too much in the way of `` balance '' . 
  an under-25 voter is highly unlikely to have had their minds made up about the eu for as long as a 70-year old . 
  even granting someone being politically aware at , say , 10 years old , a 25-year old can only have held their opinion for 15 years at most . 
  a convinced 70-year old voter has probably held their opinion for at least twice that time . 
  and more realistically , the difference is going to be very much larger - an elderly convinced anti-eu brit has quite likely held their opinion for 40 + years , while the 25-year old is unlikely to have held theirs for more than 10 years . 
  you could say that russia , like most countries , suffered in the global bust , and , also like other countries , has undergone a surge of unrest as a result . 
  also like most other countries that unrest is nationalist , a reaction against the globalism seen as the cause of the bust . 
  the difference in russia is that putin has managed to ride that tiger and stay in office , whereas in other countries the incumbents have to a lesser or greater extent been unseated by it , although only in a couple of places has it been sufficient to replace completely the incumbent globalist political parties . 
  unfortunately , to ride that tiger you need to go where it wants to go . 
  the combination of that and executive power is always dangerous . 
   it 's quite refreshing to hear somebody admit ignorance rather than make shite up for once and claim it as gospel truth . 
  there are other alternatives . 
  and , frankly , claiming that leave is a really good idea - a vital idea - while having no idea what will happen as a result is a * perfect * example of `` make shite up ... and claim it as gospel truth '' . 
  he has literally made up the idea that leaving is a * good * move , and claimed it as gospel truth . 
   if the vote is out , then everything the new tory prime minister does to not completely sever economic ties with europe will be portrayed as selling out of uk interests and a betrayal of the referendum result . 
  that is , in fact , basically what he says in the article :  `` what i do know is that if we vote for brexit then the ukip delegation in the european parliament has a very important job over the next 18 months or two years because we will need to be the canary in the mine shaft , warning the british people if the government are n't delivering the wishes of the electorate . 
  it 's refreshing that the guy claiming it 's a good idea to leave admits he has no idea what happens as a result ? 
  is the refreshing bit the bit where he claims something is simultaneously true * and * unknown - definite yet unknowable ? 
  help me out here . 
  and the doha round has only been stuck for 24 years now - which is why ttip , tpp , ceta etc are happening at all . 
   i do n't think of them as a flood - just a large population influx greatly exceeding our current capacity to build infrastructure to cope with . 
   this has not proven enforceable ; one fifth of the homeless in london are romanian . 
  just to put a number on that - the total of homeless people in london ( pop 8.54 million ) is 7,500 , so apparently 1,500 romanians is enough to break the system . 
  there is n't a captain , though , and the uk ( or any other member state ) is n't a lieutenant . 
  there is a council of captains , of which the uk is one . 
  the uk is therefore both the `` decent captain in their own right '' * and * `` the top brass '' , which is apparently incompetent . 
  for that to be the case , either ( a ) the uk is not in fact a competent captain these days , ( b ) the uk is virtually the only competent leader in a mass of incompetents , or ( c ) the situation is such that no amount of individual competence helps . 
  only in ( b ) is getting in the lifeboat alone a good plan - and ( b ) is really quite unlikely , even without looking at the current quality of uk government . 
   even though it has almost the same consequences in practice the eu does rather love standardisation . 
  in fact , there have been various statements to the effect that bilateral arrangements should ideally be phased out . 
   we do , we are fully part of the eea , hate to correct you , but switzerland is not in the eea . 
  it 's in efta , but not eea . 
  instead it has a series of bilateral agreements with the eu - which includes freedom of movement as part of single market access . 
   the eu is n't particularly good at educating the public about its nature , and the public is n't eager to sully its dearly held opinions by learning the facts . 
  and when the eu tries to lay out money to do so , a big cry goes up that the eu is using our money for propaganda . 
  really ? 
  the `` net figures '' quoted actually leave off eu money paid to the private sector ? 
  meps in most countries are local or regional politician , same as their mps . 
   why has this whole debate turned into such a shit show from both sides ? 
  to be fair , eu voter turnout has dropped as new countries came on board with low turnouts , pulling the eu average down . 
  voter turnout in the older eu states * has * dropped , but not to anything like the extent the average has : * eu-9 : 66 % in 1979 , 54.3 % in 2014 * eu-12 : 52.6 % in 1999 , 52.6 % in 2014 * the newer 16 members : 40.4 % in 2004 , 32.9 % in 2014 ( inc malta & cyprus ) * just the eastern european states : 31.2 % in 2004 , 28.1 % in 2014 so while there has been a slight decline over time for all member states , the huge decline of the all-eu average is mostly a result of the low turnouts in former eastern european states being added in . 
  have to be very careful with them . 
  i should have checked your link , but from the placement of it ( and your flair , tbh ) , i did n't think it actually related to ireland - i assumed that was an off-the-cuff comment about ireland , for which apologies !, 
  but to me there 's a huge difference between `` further integration '' and `` develop into a federation of nation states '' . 
  what i mean when i say `` further integration '' is just further decision-making at the eu as opposed to the national level - and personally , i 'm in favour of the former , and opposed to the latter . 
  so i would n't actually regard your link as showing ireland does n't favour further integration - it shows only what it says , that support is low in ireland for some kind of federal eu . 
  that does n't translate into opposed to further integration because there are plenty of people like me . 
  as to a source for that - eurobarometers , the same as the source for the image . 
  last time i looked , there was more support for the yes answer to `` more decisions should be taken at eu level . '', 
  in ireland than opposition . 
  and last , as for castrating us financially - sorry , we castrated ourselves financially . 
  we got bailed out by the rest of the eurozone when nobody else would lend to us , and we bitch about the conditions they did so under , even though those conditions included very long-term loans at sub-market rates . 
  and that 's after our lax bank regulation was responsible for some of the biggest bank bailouts they had to do in their own countries . 
  yes , i know that 's not what people generally believe , but what people generally believe is virtually never what actually happened . 
  we spun ourselves a myth in which we were the victims and saviours of europe in the crisis , rather than our actual and much less noble role . 
  well , it 's an understandable frustration if you do want further integration . 
  but i 'd have to take issue with the idea that `` ireland '' is against further integration - we have a vocal minority which does n't , and the rest are ok with the idea , or for it . 
  most people are more ok with integration practically than in principle , as well . 
  the use of the term `` integration '' nearly always carries with it overtones of cultural homogenisation , standardisation of everything , a huge eu polity with next to no voice for small countries , and so on - pretty hard to be in favour of it , really . 
  but ask people whether they think the member states should make more decisions jointly on some issue , and the answer is very often yes . 
  bringing the people of europe closer together , while it clearly means the eu is n't just a free trade bloc , does n't in any sense require constant rushed integration . 
  on the contrary , trying to force people into integration when it 's unpopular drives people further apart . 
   that was n't the point nor how the eu was sold , which former british politicians had a hand in too i 'm aware . 
  it was written loud and clear at the start of the first treaties , so even at the time of the uk entry referendum , that was very much a part of the union . 
  i appreciate the fact may have been rather glossed over by uk politicians both at the time and since , but that 's a uk political issue . 
   regional aid is interesting , because it is used as a political tool that still allows for a measure of deniability . 
  it is used to get poorer or cultural minority regions to switch a significant part of their loyalty to the european union instead of the member state they happen to be part of . 
  but if you say it , people can demand proof and you 'll have virtually none , because it would be unwise for anyone involved to say it out loud . 
  all that would be required for a member state to reverse this is for the member state to provide greater regional aid than the eu does . 
  given that the eu 's budget is 1 % of the member state 's government budgets , and the proportion of regional aid in it is primarily set by the member states , that should n't be at all difficult . 
  so if eu regional aid is being used as a political tool to build loyalty to the eu , it is with the support of the member states . 
  sure - for example , you might want to offer bus services in a remote area , but also use it as an economic boost for the area by specifying that the supplier has to be from the area , and a free trade deal does n't allow for that if it 's not already specified as exempt . 
  plus , you can see from a union perspective how liberalisation undermines their bargaining power . 
   finally , through something called a `` ratchet clause '' , current levels of privatisation would be `` locked in '' on any services not specifically exempted . 
  if canadian or eu governments want to bring certain services back into public ownership , they could be breaking the terms of the agreement . 
  this has been repeatedly contradicted , but the actual effects of such ` ratchet ' clauses are , it has to be said , somewhat confusing . 
  ratchet clauses lock in * liberalisation * , not privatisation . 
  the two terms are often used synonymously by right/centre-right privatising governments , but they 're not actually equivalent . 
  the equal treatment of foreign and national investors in such treaties means that once a public service has been made a market provided one ( that is , privatised ) , it must be open to foreign providers on the same basis as national ones unless there is a specific reservation - that 's `` liberalisation '' , making the market a free one . 
  the ratchet clause means that the market provided service can not afterwards be closed to foreign providers . 
  this is often taken to mean that the service can not be de-privatised , but it does n't mean that . 
  it only means that as long as the service * is * provided on a market basis , the market can not be closed to foreign firms . 
  that does n't prevent the government in question from deciding to run the service as a monopoly , either by outsourcing to a single supplier , or by running the service itself . 
  in the former case , the ratchet mechanism requires that foreign firms have an equal right to consideration as the monopoly supplier ( the market there being competition for the monopoly contract ) - in the latter case , of course , the government supplies the service itself , and the issue does n't arise , because there is no market mechanism . 
  nor does the ratchet mechanism prevent the government from setting whatever standards or obligations it considers as necessary for the provision of such a service , although these can not be discriminatory against foreign suppliers . 
  so , if one takes something like a rural bus service currently run by the local government itself , then if the government decides to outsource that to a private supplier , ceta would mean that it must allow canadian and eu firms to compete for the contract on equal footing unless there 's a specific exemption for that bus service in ceta . 
  if there is such an exemption , the local government can either maintain it , or discard it . 
  if it discards it , then it can not be recovered - any future contract must also allow both canadian and eu firms to compete . 
  if it decides to resume running the bus service itself , neither canadian nor eu firms are eligible to run the service - they 're being equally treated , so that 's ok under the treaty . 
  but if it once again decides to put it out to contract , or open market , the ratchet clause means it can not offer the contract only to * domestic * firms . 
  you ca n't go back on liberalisation ( that is , making the market an open one in which domestic and foreign suppliers compete equally ) , but you can go back on privatisation ( that is , supplying the service through a market mechanism ) . 
  hence article 18.3 of ceta :  without prejudice to the parties ' rights and obligations under this agreement , nothing in this chapter prevents a party from designating or maintaining a state enterprise or a monopoly or from granting an enterprise special rights or privileges . 
  `` designating ... a state enterprise or a monopoly '' = re-privatisation . 
   public criticism forced parties to revise ceta . 
  the deal got better .
