  very few parliaments can force a foreign policy position on their government , but they can put pressure on in exactly this way . 
  it 's what parliaments do . 
   the ep ruling against against france and germany ? 
  i would n't hold my breath . 
  to the extent that they can do so , they just have - see the title of the thread . 
  or perhaps the european parliament ... 
  the argument that somebody else could do something reprehensible , and therefore you might as well be the one doing it , is really a very bad argument . 
  britain had the courage to end slavery , which it profited from - it 's a country with a long history of leading from the front on moral issues . 
  but perhaps those days are gone for good . 
  and if nobody did , nobody would - if the uk agreed to an arms embargo against saudi on moral grounds , it would be quite possible to get france and germany to agree to it as well . 
  to some extent there seems to be a bit of confusion between complaining about the eu 's policies and being opposed to the eu as an organisation/institution . 
  when people are opposed to government policy on , say , welfare or taxation , nobody claims those people wish to abolish the government , but similar logic is not applied to the eu . 
  * some * solution to the refugee crisis is in the interests of all the members - the eu institutions will implement whatever is agreed . 
  i think some people simply can not imagine doing it , and therefore believe that other people ca n't do it . 
  without that `` if '' things do n't happen at the institutional eu level , so it 's fair to say that the institutional eu does indeed work for the interests of all 28 . 
  it 's true of course that nationalism builds an emotional connection with people , as the author says . 
  but the author glosses over several problems : * nationalism stops at the boundaries of the nation * nationalism often builds its sense of identity on a single notion of national identity - that there 's just one type of `` irish person '' with whom all irish people can therefore identify - and a `` national way '' of life , of culture , of doing things . 
  the point about those features is that they are quite deliberately bounded - and where you establish a boundary , you establish something on the other side of it as `` the other '' . 
  these features make nationalism difficult to build into something that supports a concept of `` common humanity '' - which is what internationalism , human rights , disinterested development aid and so on are built on . 
  nationalism is not something that supersedes and dissolves parochialism , tribalism and clannishness , as the author claims - it is , on the contrary , simply those things writ larger . 
  nationalism 's heavy reliance on these characteristics can be seen even in the nationalist 's aversion to the eu . 
  they can only imagine a deep european union as imposing a single `` european way '' of life , of culture , of doing things , because that 's how nationalism works . 
  but a deep european union as envisaged by non-nationalists does n't require those things - it 's an internationalist vision , which envisages people being comfortable in their nationality but motivated by their shared humanity and values . 
  the author is arguing * for * what he believes he 's arguing against , and against what he believes he 's arguing for . 
  someone on this sub claimed recently that the telegraph was n't as obviously biased in the brexit debate as the guardian . 
  this article contains quite a good demonstration of the telegraph 's bias . 
  for example :  at the moment the first of these two groups is considerably larger than the second . 
  if it is to win the referendum , the leave campaign needs to [ convince more voters of the economic benefits of leaving ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/12163352/britains-work-in-the-eu-is-done-our-next-chapter-awaits-us-outside.html ) . 
  here a comment about what the leave campaign needs to do has been upgraded with a link to a telegraph article to help convince the reader of the leave campaign 's case . 
  no such linking is done for comments about the stay campaign . 
  there 's a good chance our next government may involve our eurosceptic party as a major part of the coalition - same explanation , it 's not about their eu policy . 
  unluckily , that 's exactly how referendums go . 
   soooo ... eu is betting on either the anti-capitalist sanders or the protectionist trump would win ? 
  i suspect there 's also a simple piece of bureaucratic thinking involved . 
  whatever new administration comes in , it seems likely it wo n't want to focus on something like ttip for at least 6 months to a year , during which time the negotiations will lose momentum . 
  that would be true of any new administration , but seems particularly likely to be true of of sanders or trump . 
  ttip just does n't look to be high on their priority lists . 
  the lag would probably be less under clinton . 
  muspratt is entirely wrong about `` presumption of continuance '' in his answer to the question of the rights of british ex-pats in the eu after brexit :  yes the future status of british citizens abroad is certainly a concern , however there is absolutely no basis in which the ` presumption of continuance ' will not occur . 
  `` presumption of continuance '' applies to the treaties themselves , which are presumed to continue in force unless actually terminated :  article 42 , entitled `` validity and continuance in force of treaties , '' recognizes that it is the normal state of affairs for treaties to continue in force ; a party that seeks to withdraw from or terminate a treaty bears the burden of showing that the conditions for withdrawal exist . 
  it has nothing to do with the rights of individuals under treaties , and would of course specifically * not * apply in the case of brexit , since the uk would be withdrawing from the eu treaties . 
   it is a myth that brexit would make uk citizens in the eu illegal immigrants overnight , it is not grounded in any legal fact . 
  any changes in legislation do not override ` acquired rights ' which an individual has previously gained , this is enshrined by the law of treaties 1969 . 
  no , it 's not . 
  there is no such provision at all . 
  when you withdraw from a treaty which provides your citizens with certain rights in other treaty states , those rights end with the treaty . 
  https://treaties.un.org/doc/publication/unts/volume%201155/volume-1155-i-18232-english.pdf there is a doctrine of `` acquired rights '' in international law , but it refers to private property rights , and even there it is clear that what is granted under the national law of a country can necessarily be revoked according to the national law of that country . 
   i did not repeat my argument ... 
  otherwise i would n't have mentioned your own analogy . 
  you 're answering a different poster !, 
   ireland had at 32 % budget deficit in 2010 . 
  insane . 
  only technically . 
  the deficit rules required that we register the cost of the promissory notes ( govt ious used to recapitalise our banks ) immediately and in full , even though as ious the whole point of them was that they did n't require any money to be spent at the time . 
   question is : was the haircut bigger than the interest they got ? 
  since the haircut was worth $ 100 billion , the answer is yes by a large margin . 
   eitherway , whatever happened , it was for the benefit of the banks . 
  if greece really wanted to default , it could not be prevented from doing so ( although it would have had to leave the euro ) . 
  it did n't want to default and leave the euro , so the bailout that allowed it not to do so was according to greece 's wishes . 
  some of that may be the question of general milieu - i 'm in ireland , one of the most pro-eu countries , you 're in the uk , one of the most anti . 
   i do n't disagree . 
  but the telegraph is not as extreme/sensationalized as the guardian . 
  i think that 's largely in the eye of the beholder . 
  i 'm pro-eu and ( i think ) pretty knowledgeable about the subject as well - i tend to notice both the anti-eu angle and the misinformation from the telegraph rather more than i would notice either the agenda or misinformation in the guardian , even despite being aware of my bias . 
   also the telegraph does have some variety on the eu issue . 
  here is an example . 
  so does the guardian - their coverage of ttip is a good example , and at least as `` anti-eu '' as that article is `` pro-eu '' . 
   disagree , whilst the telegraph is a culprit , it is not as extreme as the guardian . 
  i cite you daniel hannan , ambrose evans-pritchard . 
  the telegraph has a clear , persistent , and very consistent anti-eu agenda . 
  the telegraph has equally evident agenda-driven reporting in respect of the eu , and is probably cited as much as the guardian . 
   the reason that the majority of the money went to the banks , is that it 's covering for debt that greece had with the banks . 
  to put it another way , greece got 100 % of the money , but had already spent 94 % of it . 
   10 carrier groups you say ? 
  there 's just something about the ability to park kilotonne flying armament platforms next to people who 've annoyed you that 's just appealing . 
  i think it may be an island thing . 
  i even like the eu navfor stuff . 
  sorry - it 's so common a statement by people who mean it !, 
   so london is n't that concerned about the democratic legitimacy of the institutions either . 
  i think cameron made that clear with his opposition to the spitzenkandidaten process , and again with his refusal to address the parliament about the brexit negotiations . 
  you already do - your government is part of the european council , your mep is in the european parliament . 
  or possibly with the irish eu referendum situation , where we say no first time , get a little extra negotiating done , and then say yes . 
  a short list of highly successful people is just anecdote flavoured with survivorship bias . 
  the fact of the matter is that the * majority * of people born to poor circumstances remain in poor circumstances no matter how hard they work . 
  the existence of a small number who succeed is just one tail of the normal distribution . 
  equally , the little list ignores the bulk of the rich , who are - again , in the majority - born into rich families . 
  no - a predisposition is not an inevitable outcome . 
   god , or at the at least the idea of one can be considered a force outside our control . 
  one of the key points of god is that he generally agrees with you on morality . 
   the local store , that has to pay normal taxes ca n't compete with this in the long term and in the worst case closes down . 
  so in the end the government payed ikea to reduce the tax income it gets . 
  which is exactly the basis on which the eu is approaching the matter - it 's `` state aid '' and illegal under single market rules . 
  i would say that it 's always dangerous to try to predict the future by projecting current trends forward . 
  if you had done so in 2006 , you 'd have been predicting a golden age for the eu by this stage . 
   i think it 's definitely plausible that they will make an exception for the uk in the case of brexit . 
  it 's plausible , but there are definite political problems in doing so , not least that the other eea countries as well as switzerland will be watching closely . 
  given the general stance of the eu that it 's not about size , an argument that relies on `` well , we 're doing it for the uk because they 're big '' will be extremely hard to sell - particularly to the smaller member states . 
   the only parallel is that they have negotiated their own relationships with the eu . 
  the real fact of the matter is that this situation ( if it occurs ) would be novel , and where the legal frameworks that switzerland and norway have erected with the eu may be a guide , it would all be left to negotiate for the uk . 
  that 's not quite accurate .
