  i 'm not sure how you 're `` being discriminated '' . 
  if your current housing bubble bursts , you may find yourselves in a position where the money flow reverses - it 's not discrimination that makes you a net payer , it 's just the budgetary maths . 
   furthermore - and you even agree . 
  i try not to pass bills to my non existing grand children . 
  as it is now , my children have to pay for the south , probably my grandchildren will pay off greece 's debt . 
  why should we settle for that ? 
  officially - and i 'll grant that the word `` officially '' rings a little hollow when it comes to greece - it 's the greeks who will be paying off greek debt . 
   furthermore - if we keep on footing the bills they will never learn . 
  look at estonia and poland , estonia did n't exist when greece , spain and portugal joined , but now they are paying . 
  that is the essence of the south - look at the development of greece and compare it with vietnam , korea , estonia , poland etc. 
  do you really think it is good to keep on transferring money to greece the way we are doing ? 
  even if i 'm reluctant to damn all future generations of greeks with a claim they 'll always be as bad as greeks have historically been , it 's hard not to agree . 
  however , it would be fair to point out that the money that meant greece did n't have to do anything about their internal issues from 2000 up to the crisis was actually market borrowings , not eu money . 
  hmm . 
  yeah , but all those points apply to the even worse countries you give more of your taxes to ( and with no expected benefit ) through foreign aid . 
  and with the possible exception of greece , it 's false to claim there has been no improvement in the `` southern '' countries compared to 30 years ago . 
  possibly you do n't remember them then , but they 're actually massively improved since then . 
  heck , even greece . 
  do you really see yourself as simultaneously better than the rest of the eu * and * having no duty to help them ? 
  this all sounds suspiciously familiar to an irish person . 
  particularly the `` there 's no bubble '' quotes . 
   in order to get the mortgage , i assume their combined income is about 1.3 million kronor a year . 
  is this in the ballpark for a 28 year old marketer in sweden ? 
  that 's $ 145k/year , so i rather doubt it . 
  as a combined income for the couple , it 's possible , but a little high maybe ? 
  sure - allowing unrestricted fishing works so well , after all ... 
  so , on balance , being very much better than those you 're in a union with , you do n't regard yourself as having any obligation to hang on in there and spend a small amount of your taxes trying to improve them ? 
  after all , you spend four and a half times as much of your tax money on even more corrupt and generally awful countries through your foreign aid budget as you do on the eu . 
  is n't the idea there also the improvement of those countries ? 
  yep - as follows :  fishing with bottom gears shall be prohibited in the areas identified . 
  closures will be reopened to fishing activities if the scientific advisory body provides evidence that vulnerable marine ecosystems are not in the area or the commission determines that measures have been adopted to ensure that significant adverse impacts on vulnerable marine ecosystems will be prevented . 
   impact assessment prior to the issuance or renewal of fishing authorisations for bottom gears targeting deep-sea species : each application for a fishing authorisation that allows the use of bottom gears in union waters or in international waters shall be accompanied by a detailed fishing plan , which shall be made publicly available , specifying the types of fishing gears and the depth at which they will be deployed , a list of the species to be targeted and the technical measures to be put in place . 
  as you say , * something * . 
  but it 's very expensive to research deep-sea ecology , so it 's hard to say how well the scientific criteria will work out in practice . 
   it is a scientific fact that tobacco is bad for you , that is hardly news . 
  the have not facts that proves it is good - none . 
  yet the eu keeps shitting on that fact and force us to support tobacco . 
  so , they just do n't give a flying fuck , they just want money . 
  but it 's already been pointed out that tobacco growing * does n't * get subsidised - and no amount of swearing will make it so !, 
   it is a scientific fact that we need to work for the environment , yet they constantly vote against it . 
  eh , they 're hardly alone there , and that 's hardly a southern thing . 
   it is also a fact that we pay more taxes than anybody ( apart from the danes ) both by actually paying them , but also per percentage . 
  why should we pay for people who do not bother to pay their taxes and pay less ? 
  i suspect that if you looked at what your taxes are spent on , you might find somewhat more spending that you object to than the $ 144/year your eu contribution comes to . 
   no , it does n't . 
  sweden is out of the crises , the south is n't , and it is good reason for that . 
  and , the crises forces us who are not involved in it , to pay decades and billions more , when we have done nothing . 
  your point was about the structural funds over the decades . 
  my point is the current crisis situation - which did affect sweden , and which had a depressing effect on everybody 's economy . 
  whether you 're right about `` decades '' - i could say ` wait and see ' , but decades is unrealistic anyway . 
   the countries do not want improvement . 
  and , italy is doing worse than ever and is becoming a net recipient soon . 
  france is also going down . 
  and once again you 're drawing trend lines through short runs of data . 
  if i drew a trend line through sweden 's net contributions a couple of years , ago , i could have said that sweden too was `` going down '' . 
   even so , there is absolutely no reason to give more money to greece , or the south . 
  but as i have proven , the eu and its member countries to a majority do not care about science , nor do they seem to have any moral . 
  they are only interested in more money from us , that is all they want . 
  otherwise , their behaviour would be different , but as we all can see it is not . 
  whether sweden is a net payer or not is not what determines the behaviour of other countries , and there 's plenty of ignoring science being done by countries which are bigger net payers than sweden . 
   i fear what the eu is turning into . 
  i see how they have fucked up the cap , fucked up the euro , fucked up almost everything they have laid their hands on , and they , instiutions or countries do n't give a shit , they just want more , more money , more power . 
  we are being vastly outnumbered by people who do n't care about the things we care about , who are far more corrupt , do n't give a shit about science , pay less taxes etc , and it is bad to stay in an environment like that . 
  if we are outside , at least our faith will be in our own hands , and not in the fucking hands of the french agricultural minister . 
  i ca n't help but feel that this reflects emotion more than analysis . 
  to be fair , even if she was a td , she still would n't . 
  i do n't doubt you could get an equally ludicrous set of statements out of most of the d\u00e1il . 
   i am not saying sweden alone should run the eu , but clearly , some countries work better than others , and we should look at best practise . 
  and , if someone have for example high standards with regards to the environment , they should be premiered for that , not forced to lower the standards - others should raise theirs . 
  but , again , other countries obviously disagree that sweden 's standards are necessary or better . 
   furthermore , which you did n't touch or answer , for how long is this financial transfer going to continue ? 
  it is clearly not working . 
  greece has been in the eu since 1981 , spain/portugal since '86 and they have received billions . 
  my own country had just made it to net payer status just before the current crisis . 
  and the current crisis makes it a little unfair to judge how countries are doing - sweden itself very nearly became a net beneficiary in 2009 . 
   eu however , has no plans of stopping , none at all.we just keep throwing money into the bottomless pit that is southern europe . 
  honestly - we have to stop that . 
  i mean , the eu could keep the money they get from us ( i 'm not advocating a lower fee , unless we remove the cap ) , but do not give anything more to the south . 
  invest in research , education , environment - whatever , but no more throwing good money after bad . 
  or perhaps , give money to the south , but then in a completely different way . 
  what we are doing now is not working . 
  there i 'd agree with you . 
  but , as others have pointed out , what `` the eu '' - that is , the institutional eu - wants is not the problem . 
  and when it comes to the whole `` take take take with no improvement or intention to improve '' , we 're * really * talking about greece , because the other countries have improved . 
  italy , which seems to fomr part of your critique , is a net payer , not a net recipient . 
   you are avoiding the fact that you that extremely populous states like italy , spain ( and portugal and greece to a far lesser extent ) are voting with them . 
  it is not just france , not by a longshot . 
   and , as i said , the eu is made up by its member countries . 
  apparently , a majority of the people in those countries are not interested in reform , not interested in moving forward , not interested in spending money on something better , or a better cap - then they would have voted for it , but they do n't . 
  that 's correct , but then what it seems like you 're asking is that sweden be allowed to tell them how they should do things , without them having a vote , because sweden puts some money into the pot . 
  those countries also put money into the pot . 
  yes , they get more out than they put in , but some of the money they get is nevertheless their own money . 
  so no single country , even if it is a net payer , should get to say what happens . 
  you can make that an argument for sweden to withdraw from the eu , and concentrate its money on its own farming - but that argument falls down immediately from the moral high ground , because that way sweden achieves absolutely nothing at all in terms of improving the environmental situation in other eu countries . 
  currently you pay some money in , and you get some influence - the alternative is to pay none , and have none . 
   arguing for something your parliament has rejected in the eu needs to be made treason . 
  better , it should be made constitutionally impossible . 
  quite a few national parliaments around the eu give their governments ` mandates ' for what they can do at council meetings . 
  the government can be outvoted , of course , but at least it should be possible for national parliaments to prevent their governments from pushing in europe what they could n't get through at home . 
   a sweeping statement in a vacuum ... what on earth are you referring to ?
