   a nafta tribunal concluded that the joint review panel considered factors outside canada 's environmental legislation that were not disclosed to bilcon during the review process . 
   the tribunal 's march 17 ruling says it was unjust for officials to encourage the expansion of the quarry and later determine that the area was a `` no go '' zone for such a development . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2015/03/20/bilcon-seeks-us300m-afte_n_6911412.html ? 
  http://www.novascotia.ca/nse/ea/whitespointquarry.asp the company has not won compensation , it has won a ruling that it was unjust for the government to first encourage expansion , then rule it a ` no-go ' through methods it did not disclose to the company . 
  there are a couple of basic principles involved . 
  one of them is that transparency applies , or should apply , even to dealings with companies . 
  another is that you ca n't always have environmental protection without compensating someone , particularly if you encouraged them in the first place . 
  while you can certainly claim , as the global justice article does , that such a decision ( at least if it ever results in compensation ) could have a chilling effect on environmental decisions , you could equally well claim that it could have a chilling effect on governments encouraging development in environmentally sensitive areas in the first place , if they know that any later reversal due to public pressure could be costly . 
   i 'm sure you mean the city of london and not greater london greater london too , if you consider the ` stockbroker belt ' in the outer suburbs . 
  even pirates have to have somewhere nice to sleep after a hard day of theft , plunder , and graft . 
   i agree it is a consideration . 
  but basically one that can be hand-waved away :  but i think it is simplistic to assume that they would move just because of a brexit . 
  there are many financial centres in the world that are not in the eu ( singapore , hong kong , new york , zurich ) . 
  bono , sadly . 
  derivative . 
   i think it 's arrogant to believe that we are beyond conflict . 
  are we really so much more clever , so much more peace loving , than our ancestors ? 
  apparently so , or at least * less * likely to engage in warfare ( and murder ) . 
  is that so outrageous an idea ? 
  slowly , and with an immense amount of wrangling , in-fighting and mutual criticism ... it 's the european way . 
   echr ( not directly an eu body , but related ) requiring prisoners to have the vote ; it 's not related . 
  it was founded separately and earlier , and shares nothing with the eu except some membership between the coe 's 47 members and the eu 's 28 . 
  leaving the eu would not have any impact on coe/echr membership . 
   but countries with very stable legal and legislative systems do not need it and it undermines the freedom of the legislatives to actually legislate in the best interest of the citizens of the country . 
  it does introduce a limitation on the freedom of legislatures to legislate , because it requires them to take account of whether their decisions unfairly affect foreign companies , but the extent to which that undermines the ability to legislate in the `` best interest of the citizens of the country '' is more arguable . 
  as above , isds only provides a mechanism for foreign companies not to be discriminated against relative to domestic ones , and the principle that they should not be - it 's not all that easy to see how that principle is generally in conflict with the best interests of the citizens of the country . 
  yes , it 's popular to cite the cases being taken or threatened by tobacco companies , but those cases have not been * won * by the tobacco companies . 
  we need it to make tea . 
   that 's absolutely mental . 
  what the hell ? 
  basically , ancient infrastructure . 
  and despite the repeated claim that water is * already * paid for out of taxation , what it actually gets from the budget is clearly inadequate , because that 41 % figure has n't really improved . 
  during the celtic tiger , we had money coming out our ears , but it was n't put into boring things like improving infrastructure ( except roads , because they involve land purchases and building works , which the irish government loved to distraction ) . 
  now , of course , we do n't have spare money , so if we want any improvement , either the general taxation goes up , or we have water charges . 
  water charges make more sense , but people are now unused to the idea of direct charges ( governments abolished domestic rates and water rates in the eighties and nineties in their constant search for popularity ) . 
  it 's got to be pointed out that europe invented isds mechanisms ( germany , 1959 ) , is the world 's heaviest user of them ( c. 1300 current free trade agreements made by european countries ) , and that european companies are the main users of isds . 
  well , there you 'd probably have a legal challenge , but the swiss method is better - as per t0tozenerd 's post , they can just threaten to hold a referendum on the law . 
  i think i 'd actually argue that it * is * corruption . 
  if we take the sense that something is ` corrupt ' when it is no longer fit for the purpose intended due to the intervention of some other process ( magnetism for hard drives , bacteria for food ) , then , as the purpose of representative democracy is to represent the wishes and best interests of the people at large , then we can call democracy ` corrupted ' by special interests to the extent that it represents those interests rather than those of the public at large . 
   how nice of you that pr speech bubbles are to your satisfaction . 
  i knew there 's a reason why companies and politicians adopted that slang , people like you actually feel good when they are served some of it !, 
  whoa , slow down !, 
  you made a couple of different points , or made a point which involved another . 
  i commented on * one * of those points . 
  as to your main point , that whatever gets said does n't get heard , i did n't comment on that , except obliquely . 
  my experience is that politicians and governance bodies are very interested in what people say , and do take it on board - but what gets said on reddit is going to be a small part of what they 're hearing from the internet , and the internet is only one part of what they 're hearing across the board . 
  no individual voice , or small group of voices , can , or should , command any large part of the attention of a democratic body representing half a billion people . 
  having said that , clearly the parliament ( or any body like it ) has only a few ` manned ' channels through which it can hear directly what people say to/about it , and those channels may in fact command attention disproportionate to the numbers involved . 
  `` corruption '' in the sense which many people seem to use it is n't equivalent to paying bribes . 
  generally it indicates a feeling that decisions are taken or policy formulated with reference to the interests of people or companies or sectors which have undue influence with decision-makers , and with inadequate reference to the greater good of the general public . 
  for example , i would think that many people in the uk would agree that `` the city '' corrupts uk national politics . 
  that does n't mean they necessarily think that people from banks hand over cash for policy decisions , but that the connections between finance and politics is too close - revolving doors between politics/policy-making and finance , party funding , personal contacts and alliances . 
  while that 's true , i think you underestimate the nature of bureaucracy - under-under-underlings do not get to say through an official channel in a public place something that is not acceptable to the organisation . 
  also , to be fair , the eu is a * small * bureaucracy , the parliament service even more so , so an ep under-under-underling is not the equivalent of some junior grade in the marketing department of a multinational . 
  i think that 's implicit in the nature of referenda . 
  a referendum decides a point of principle , but turning that principle into legislation has always been the job of the legislature and executive . 
  i guess the idea is that the point of spies is to spy , particularly on people you do n't even know to be enemies . 
  so you let them spy on whoever they think they should spy on , rather than saying `` good lord , absolutely no spying on so-and-so who we all know to be above suspicion , or anybody white and middle class '' . 
  the opportunities for corrupt behaviour in such a circumstance are equally obvious . 
   europe should be better than this - and if the individual countries are unable to pay for a level of welfare that guarantees survival and a roof over the head , the eu should pay . 
  i think quite a lot of people would support that , but so far governments have not done , and so the eu has no such capability , since what the eu can do is strictly regulated by the governments , and what the eu can pay comes , originally , from the governments . 
  what would be required to have that kind of eu is the election of left-wing governments around europe capable of carrying the people who would n't vote for this to accept it , and then to write it into a treaty proposal , and then vote that into place - passing referendums in at least ireland and denmark . 
  yes ... because the greek government borrowed from those banks and spent the money . 
  where did you think governments borrowed money ? 
  also , minor point , they wrote off half the debt owed to the banks ( $ 100 billion ) - the banks got ` investment shares ' in the greek economy in exchange . 
  occasionally funnier . 
  i 'd guess that the eu budget for this will be of the order of a good bit less than $ 10m - i would n't be surprised to see a budget line around $ 1-2 million . 
  national budgets will then vary , but i 'd guess there will be a fair bit of countries saying `` well it 's not specifically a threat to us individually '' , which suggests that the larger countries will have proportionally smaller budgets in most cases , the biggest budgets proportionally ( but smallest in cash terms ) will be the smaller/poorer eastern european countries , while small western european countries ( like ireland ) largely wo n't bother . 
  i think it 's traditionally , and perhaps deliberately , difficult to pin down . 
  yeah , but most of the uk and netherlands ones are islands and other small bits of territory , whereas the french still retain the equivalent of the british ` informal empire ' in entire countries like gabon and cote d'ivoire , as well as retaining islands like reunion . 
   irish media articles have been notoriously poor in explaining this issue , just like all economic issues . 
  if you see an article claiming that ` apple pays 2 % corporate tax in ireland ' or something along them lines , that does not mean that it 's true at all . 
  well , more that the figure refers to the tax paid on some nominal profit that could be taxable were the tax system in ireland different . 
  but the point that they pay the headline rate on the profits that are taxable under the current irish tax system is a non-point , because it 's basically tautological , and completely avoids the question of whether the current irish tax system is that of a semi-tax haven . 
  if we were to legally define the profits of every company as being $ 100 annually no matter what , and charged them $ 12.50 in tax on that , they would naturally be paying the headline tax rate on their profits , * as we define profits * . 
  and supporters of such an arrangement could argue that `` unlike other countries '' , companies in ireland always paid exactly the headline rate . 
  but the question would remain whether we were playing fair by * defining * profit in such a way . 
  and that 's also the issue here . 
   the proposal is not to harmonize tax rates , it 's to have a common definition of what is taxable income , the taxes would still be different in each member state this is fundamentally why ireland objects to ccctb . 
  much of our corporate tax competitiveness is based on a very friendly set of definitions of what 's actually taxable income . 
  we allow multinationals to book income in ireland , and then move it abroad to say bermuda ( in google 's case ) via the netherlands , and we do n't count that as taxable . 
   curiously , the french have always been very reluctant regarding the europeanization of the militaries . 
  well , they refused integration with nato as well , and france has , hmm , well , not quite so much given up its colonial empire as most other eu members . 
  they 're the only people who have ` ex ' - colonies using a `` colonial euro '' , as far as i know . 
  simpsons , originally , but went into common parlance in the run-up to iraq . 
  what happened to `` cheese-eating surrender monkeys '' ? 
  maybe to save myself some downvotes from the yanks , this is a purely flippant comment . 
  actually , that wo n't help , will it ... 
   except again , it 's double speak . 
  they do not fully support it because they were against such measures . 
  tell me how do they support it ? 
  which measures do they want in place ? 
  they 'd be perfectly happy to see that measure in place , but not as an undiscussed surprise . 
  if they say they support such an objective , they mean they 're not going to oppose it if it 's discussed with them - but they are going to oppose greece doing it without discussion . 
  there 's no doublespeak in that - it 's like saying you 're perfectly amenable to having a party at your place , but not to coming home from work to discover that there 's one in full swing which nobody bothered to discuss with you . 
  mostly , all i can really do here is repeat the point again , that greece have agreed to discuss and agree measures taken with the people lending them money . 
  they did n't do so about this measure , and that has generated criticism from the people lending them money . 
  the criticism is not of the measure itself , but of the way it 's been taken . 
  i do n't see the measure itself as something that , because it 's a good measure , allows greece to ignore that they 're funding the measure with other people 's money , without checking it with those people , as they had agreed to do . 
  you do n't see that as a problem , fair enough , but i would have said it 's clear that taking the path of excusing this particular action , and then that particular action , and then this further action - all maybe good actions in themselves - is a path which leads to places greece claims it does n't want to go .
