  she got plenty done when countries needed german money , on those things that they needed german money for . 
  and even there , a lot of what `` merkel '' did was what parliamentary opposition in germany forced her to do . 
  it 's almost as if by leaving the eu , you become just another non-eu country . 
  who would have thought it ? 
  i 'm not going to go through all of them , because i would say that the details of the first case show the post to be grossly misrepresenting the cases : ethyl corporation v. government of canada claimed by the huffington post :  what happened : the u.s. chemical company challenged a canada-wide ban on import and trade of the gasoline additive mmt , a suspected neurotoxin . 
  following a preliminary judgement against canada , the government repealed the ban , issued an apology and paid a settlement . 
  from the [ records of the case ] ( http://www.international.gc.ca/trade-agreements-accords-commerciaux/topics-domaines/disp-diff/ethyl.aspx?lang=eng ) :  further to a challenge launched by three canadian provinces under the agreement on internal trade , a canadian federal-provincial dispute settlement panel found that the federal measure was inconsistent with certain provisions of that agreement . 
  following this decision , canada and ethyl settled all outstanding matters , including the chapter eleven claim . 
  what the huffpost is covering up in its summary : first , that the `` preliminary judgement against canada '' was n't anything to do with the ban or the chemical - it was a judgement against canada 's * procedural * objections , which were in fact pretty spurious ( like claiming that the date cited for the implementation of the legislation was wrong because it had n't received royal assent on that date ) . 
  second , the huffpost leaves out entirely that the reason for the repeal of the ban was the challenge by the three canadian provinces , and that the settlement with ethyl was made necessary by the repeal of the ban on foot of that internal canadian challenge , not by ethyl 's case . 
  actually , i will go on , just to demonstrate that the huffpost 's misrepresentation of the first case is n't a fluke . 
  second case : s.d. 
  myers inc. v. government of canada huffpost claim :  what happened : the u.s. waste disposal firm challenged a temporary canadian ban on the export of toxic pcb wastes , something the country was obliged to do under an international environmental treaty . 
  the tribunal ruled that canada violated standards of treatment under nafta . 
  from the [ records of the case ] ( http://www.international.gc.ca/trade-agreements-accords-commerciaux/topics-domaines/disp-diff/sdm.aspx?lang=eng ) :  pcb is a synthetic chemical that was used in electrical equipment . 
  it is a highly toxic substance that biodegrades slowly . 
  since the early 1970s , pcbs have been the subject of increasingly strict international regulation . 
  in 1990 canada prohibited the export of pcb waste except for any pcb waste to the united states with the prior consent of the u.s. environmental protection agency ( `` epa . '' ) . 
   in october 1995 , without notifying canada , the epa reversed its long-standing closed-border policy respecting pcb waste and announced that it would allow imports into the united states by discretionary exemptions under its toxic substances control act . 
  the first would be granted only to sdmi and granted shortly thereafter to other companies disposing of pcb waste in the united states . 
  following the epa 's announcement , the minister of the environment issued the pcb waste export interim order which prohibited the export of pcb waste to the united states except from u.s. agencies operating in canada , with the consent of the epa . 
  in 1997 , an amendment to the pcb waste export regulations reopened the border again to the movement of pcb waste . 
  later that year , a judicial decision in the united states closed the border again to pcb waste . 
   according to sdmi , canada 's export ban on pcb waste between 1995 and 1997 completely undermined its ability to do business in canada . 
  it claimed that canada 's motive behind the export ban was not concern for human and environmental health , but the protection of canadian pcb remediation businesses which would not have been able to compete with its business model . 
  sdmi claimed that the export ban breached canada 's obligations under the nafta . 
  so , first , there is no export ban `` obliged ... under an international environmental treaty '' . 
  that 's a flat lie . 
  canada was n't introducing such a ban , nor was ethyl contesting such a ban . 
  there was never any blanket ban , nor any intention of one . 
  what there was instead was a change in who canada allowed to export such waste to the us , and why the change was made . 
  the tribunal found that the point of the 1995-1997 was an attempt by the canadian government to favour canadian pcb exporters over sdmi . 
  when the epa opened up pcb waste import to anyone , canadian companies had a potential market opportunity , but sdmi was granted the first import license , giving it a market lead . 
  what the canadian government tried to do was nullify sdmi 's market lead over canadian companies by temporarily restricting pcb waste export and preventing sdmi using its us import license . 
  i do n't imagine the other `` summaries '' are any less misleading . 
   the controversial points are that it includes isds investor state dispute settlements which allows companies to sue governments if the create policies which hinder business ( banning advertisement of tobacco for example ) except that no isds court has ruled in the company 's favour in any such case . 
  the philip morris isds case for compensation for australia 's plain tobacco packaging laws has been ruled on , and unsurprisingly philip morris lost , as they were expected to do , because companies can not claim compensation when legislation is enacted for the public good . 
  one of the requirements for a company to win an isds case is ` reasonable expectation ' , and a company * can not * have a reasonable expectation of being allowed to cause harm . 
   the problem is that if we do n't start opposing it now , it will be too late by the time it 's contents are open to the public . 
  that was n't the case with acta - and it does also require one to start opposing it before seeing what it is . 
  which seems a little odd . 
  well , yin is feminine and yang is masculine . 
  but they do n't have the connotations in western society that those terms do . 
  you could call them yin and yang . 
   and china ? 
  i ca n't wait to see the uk/china trade deal , we 've seen it with port talbot and tata steel what 'll happen to the uk in a china trade deal . 
  looking at the uk government 's blocking of anti-dumping tariffs on chinese steel , and some other moves , i ca n't help but wonder whether brexit would n't lead to a uk which rather resembles its old colonies of singapore , hong kong , and , increasingly these days , ireland - free trade oriented entrepots , very open , very fdi-oriented , heavy on middleman and support services , low on tax . 
  and before that sounds sexy and swashbuckling , let me say that in ireland the economic benefits of the policy are certainly there - modern ireland is built on that single plank policy . 
  it 's also a parasitic policy more or less forced on those places that adopt it by limited resources and domestic markets - and a path to less sovereignty , not more . 
  parasites do n't make the rules . 
   i do n't see the uk trying to set alternative trade standards . 
  exactly - which will turn out to mean following eu standards again . 
   which would probably place us in a position similar to canada or australia i suppose more canada , really . 
  the parallels are quite strong - canada is actually a very large economy ( 11th globally ) , but is overshadowed by the fact that it 's next to a much more massive one . 
   `` diversifying '' would presumably be an attempt to reduce the effect and damage of the eu changing regulations for certain products , services etc. 
  the idea would be to make the eu less of a trading partner or at least the less dominant one . 
  one major problem with diversification is that with or without the uk , the eu remains a massive trade force . 
  the uk 's proposed diversification partners will all be more interested in deals with the eu than with the uk , so there 's no real chance of the uk setting any kind of alternative trade standards . 
  and if ttip goes ahead , the uk will be very much a bit player outside a huge trade area , with most of its proposed diversification partners tied into deals with the eu and us . 
  let the hand-waving away begin !, 
   dismissing our completely valid concerns as bitching is really what irritates me about europe . 
  this very prevalent anti-democratic , lets crush dissent !, 
  mindset is disturbing . 
  to be fair , some of what every country does in respect of the eu is either bitching or political posturing for domestic consumption . 
  not everything politicians say is some kind of holy democratic truth . 
  the ease of replacing the uk contribution is irrelevant - it 's the uk itself that could n't be replaced . 
  that it disagrees with the other member states slightly more often than they disagree with each other makes its contribution to european decision-making more valuable , not less . 
   britain is a net-contributor to the eu . 
  they may hate british politics but they need the money the uk money could be replaced with a pretty minor raise in everyone else 's contributions , and such a raise would be very much easier to agree without the uk . 
   edit : some actual figures to end pointless arguments . 
  http://imgur.com/k9owsqr overstates the case , as is often the case . 
  the uk * net * contribution is $ 5bn ( see http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/interactive/index_en.cfm ) , and it 's the net contribution that would need replacing , not the gross contribution , which is what your graph shows . 
   also fun fact ireland 's current taoiseach or pm is only a caretaker one after no party achieved a majority in the last election . 
  eh , no party ever achieves a majority these days . 
  the problem is that nobody has been able to cobble together a viable coalition . 
  the problem identified in the article is that in the uk huge tracts of land are owned by aristocracy ( and other already rich people ) , and that therefore they get most of the agricultural subsidies . 
  couple of obvious points . 
  first , that situation is n't going to change if the uk leaves the eu . 
  it 's the result of the uk 's history - particularly , the lack of any socialist/communitarian revolution , plus the fact that the uk retains tax and social structures that allow or encourage such massive ownership , plus the way that uk farming is mass-production agribusiness , which in turn is the result of historical uk policies . 
  the point is made that the uk right ( including the tory party ) does n't mention the issue because they do n't want to draw attention to the benefits their friends receive - and that tells you exactly what will change in the uk outside the eu . 
  nothing . 
  the uk 's government will continue to ensure that holding large swathes of land is something the people who do it can continue to do , and continue to fund them to do so , both directly and indirectly . 
  second , this is very much a uk issue . 
  most other european countries do n't have huge aristocratic and royal estates . 
  they have the people the cap is supposed to benefit - small farmers . 
  the uk could have that too , if it decided it wanted it . 
  another article , in other words , whose basis is that brexit would somehow , magically , allow or cause the uk to fix problems which the uk has shown no signs whatsoever of * wanting * to fix . 
  whatever may happen with brexit , it 's not a political panacea . 
   i think there 's a general misconception about what the ` control our borders ' rabble is really about . 
  unfortunately , i think many of the misconceptions are by the `` control our borders '' rabble themselves . 
  i think so , assuming it 's the ` further reading ' etc. 
  apologies , i 've also edited . 
  while the schengen legislation rests for eu purposes on the article in question , the article in question does n't reference schengen , and therefore applies to all external eu borders , or the borders of the area of free movement . 
  i appreciate that as usual the exact situation is fuzzy because of the multiple overlapping options in play , but the article in question is definitely not restricted to schengen in scope . 
  however , i do n't think that it 's eu law that will matter so much here , as the view expressed by both brexit campaigns that brexit implies a more significant uk-ireland border , on the basis that brexit is quite largely about control of external borders , and that it `` does n't make sense '' to tighten all borders except the border with ireland . 
   can you point at any eu legislation , minus shengen , that tells eu members what to do with their borders ? 
  it 's not a case of eu legislation `` telling '' eu members what to do with their borders , but of whether the members can and do agree legislation on common border policy through the eu . 
  and , yes , this * is * a policy area in which there is joint decision-making : article 77 tfeu : 1 . 
  the union shall develop a policy with a view to : ( a ) ensuring the absence of any controls on persons , whatever their nationality , when crossing internal borders ; ** ( b ) carrying out checks on persons and efficient monitoring of the crossing of external borders ; ** ** ( c ) the gradual introduction of an integrated management system for external borders . 
  for the purposes of paragraph 1 , the european parliament and the council , acting in accordance with the ordinary legislative procedure , shall adopt measures concerning : ( a ) the common policy on visas and other short-stay residence permits ; ** ( b ) the checks to which persons crossing external borders are subject ; ** ( c ) the conditions under which nationals of third countries shall have the freedom to travel within the union for a short period ; ( d ) any measure necessary for the gradual establishment of an integrated management system for external borders ; ( e ) the absence of any controls on persons , whatever their nationality , when crossing internal borders .
