  take ttip . 
  if that was proposed by , say , the uk government , it would have a ready-made majority in the uk parliament , which means that once the government has proposed it , it 's effectively passed , and pretty much without even debate , let alone the government having to persuade the parliament . 
  looking at the eu , on the other hand , it 's clear that the parliament is actually probably the biggest hurdle for the commission to get ttip passed , and the commission is going all-out to try to persuade the parliament - that 's the explanation for most of the transparency around ttip ( relative to other trade deals ) , because the meps wo n't be persuaded unless they feel the public is . 
   this was a similar situation in denmark with the euro referendum and the pro-eu side still lost . 
  also see the french , dutch and irish treaty referenda . 
  to be fair , the first lisbon treaty referendum in ireland was lost on apathy and inertia on the part of the then government and pro-eu establishment . 
  they just assumed it would pass without any effort on their part , and only bothered to engage about a month before the vote , whereas the no side was out and loudly on message for 6 months with a very media/social-media savvy campaign ( admittedly based largely on lying their tits off ) . 
  the pro-eu side in the uk are already out of the starting gate , and i think it will actually be quite hard for anti-eu voices to up their game , given they 've always had a pretty free run in uk media and politics . 
  ireland would have 0.84 of a person , or about thirteen and a half leprechauns . 
   then why do n't you provide three major examples of eu policies that have changed from the right winning in the parliament over the left , or vice versa ? 
  well , ` major ' is a goal-shifting word , and `` left versus right '' , why ? 
  anyway , acta has already been mentioned , and ttip is another in the same vein , with ceta in the same position - hard to see any of those as minor - but you could also cite the maternity directive or the tobacco products directive , and those are within the last year or two , or carbon permit backloading , or net neutrality proposals ... the list is long enough , i think . 
  you do know that the commission proposes , but the council and the parliament amend and dispose ? 
  pretty much all eu legislation now has to go via the parliament for approval , which makes it hardly the ` talking shop ' it started life as in the seventies . 
  funny really , you often hear strident denunciation of the lobbying that happens at the parliament from the same people who persist in claiming it 's just a ` talking shop ' - but if the latter were true , those lobbyists would n't be there . 
   sub modded by a team within the ep , aight . 
  sure , but that does n't really make any difference to its value as a starting point for understanding the work of the parliament . 
   i do n't understand . 
  why did that happen ? 
  the seat in a uk fptp system goes to the candidate with the most votes - even if it 's just one more vote than the next highest . 
  so how many seats you get is a function of chance as much as vote share . 
  the system works well when there are just two parties really capable of winning - in that case you can expect the winning party to get close to having more than 50 % overall . 
  once there are more than two seriously attractive parties , the vote share needed to win a seat ( and by extension , most seats ) drops . 
  the system has not been changed because the two major parties are against doing so , because the system supports the dominance of the two major parties . 
  nigel farage is `` democratically indisposed '' . 
   i ca n't , so what difference does voting make ? 
  i ca n't help but say that if you do n't think the ep makes any difference ( particularly since lisbon ) you need to do more research , which is easy . 
  there 's even a reddit sub for it here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europeanparliament/, 
   cameron has promised an election in 2017 ... referendum on eu membership . 
   i 'm not at all aware of british politics , but yeah , if those are the representatives who then vote for the prime minister and vote laws and whatnot , that 's bad because naturally they 're not representative at all . 
  they are indeed * those * representatives . 
  you could in theory have a uk parliament with a single party a holding all the seats , which party had won by 1 vote in every constituency . 
  if it were one of , say , 4 equally attractive parties who each managed 25 % of the vote in each constituency , with party a managing to get just the one extra vote in each , then party a could have 25 % of the vote plus 650 votes , and 100 % of seats . 
   we 've also just had a demonstration that being a junior coalition partner in the uk , getting a load of policies through , is rewarded by being nearly wiped out ... who the heck would want to be a junior partner now ? 
  it happens virtually every time in ireland - junior coalition partners really suffer . 
  but political parties exist to go into government , so there 's always a junior coalition partner . 
   this is the crux of the matter . 
  nearly nobody is against free trade and lowering trade barriers . 
  i have to admit that i 'm one of the ` nearly nobody ' there . 
  possibly * the * nearly nobody . 
   and since it is impossible to change anything after the deal has been signed , we should scrutinize the fuck out of that thing . 
  absolutely . 
  and , indeed , issue statements like this one , because many political representatives can be got on-side with issues like this beforehand , and need only then look for confirmation of their concerns in the final draft . 
  many of the concerns about ttip are bogus , but i think this one is a real one . 
  have to admit i 'm unhappy with the idea of education being included in trade deals . 
  where it 's privately for-profit , sure , it 's a market-traded service , and the justification is clear , but where that 's not the case , i ca n't see the justification . 
  the boundary between the two is , as the comment says , unclear , because universities use hybrid funding . 
  and , unfortunately , non-profit education is also impacted by changes in the for-profit sector , since both are ` in competition ' for students , researchers and lecturers . 
  could have been offering a glass of coke , which would be less of a change from the original . 
  mind you , it could be mistaken for a glass of tea ... 
   well it 's been 100 days . 
  only . 
  one hundred days of solitude...self-inflicted , and the opposite of the plan . 
  it 's not a long time in ordinary conditions , but it 's quite a while in a crisis . 
   the eurozone is a great example of one of these projects hastily rushed into without much consideration . 
  that is n't to say the euro is a bad idea , but it 's been poorly executed . 
  that 's not so much a result of being rushed hastily into - the euro , for example , came together over a couple of decades . 
  it 's more that it 's difficult to get multiple countries to agree to everything needed for a mega-project such as the euro in advance , because in advance the need is not necessarily either clear or pressing . 
  again , looking at the euro , it might be obvious that common banking regulation would be necessary , but countries were n't willing to sign up to that - ireland , for example , wanted very much to keep its light-touch national bank regulation for the sake of attracting financial services . 
  sometimes it 's only once the deluge starts that it becomes clear to * everyone * that 28 countries putting up a marquee tent is a better plan than individual umbrellas . 
   uk was the biggest fucking empire the world has ever seen ... what the actual fuck ... not so much of a problem for the uk public , that - also , at the time , government was * very * much smaller overall . 
  or indeed the few thousand that already contain isds and have done for decades . 
  i enjoy this kind of logic . 
  the author notes that immigration as an issue is n't a good explanation for the rise of nationalism , by citing how unimportant it is for eu citizens :  these concerns have often been simplistically linked to the issue of immigration . 
  [ ... ] when asked about the two most important issues they were facing personally , the contrast is staggering . 
  immigration fell to 3 % on average , to the 12th most important issue . 
  the more european citizens considered their daily lives , the less immigration seemed prominent as an issue in comparison to inflation , unemployment , the economic situation of their country and taxation . 
  and then goes on to completely ignore the factors which eu citizens do find important ( and which correlate very well in time with the rise of nationalism ) in favour of something he likes :  this indicates we should not necessarily understand the rise of nationalism as a desire to close borders to other workers , but instead to regain control of local democracy and create a fairer environment for all . 
  did it fail to occur to the author that those strong concerns about the economic situation in their country might just * possibly * be related to a desire to close the borders to people , businesses , and political institutions from outside the country - given that a return to protectionism and isolation has been the simple , obvious , and wrong desired response by most national electorates in virtually every economic crisis ? 
   island or not we were part or the uk wwii effort and were not neural like the south was  we 've been pretty neural about it ever since . 
   reveling them before a final deal will irreparably damage both sides ability to negotiate . 
    how ? 
  because then you know exactly what the other side regards as a bottom line in the negotiations , and what they 're prepared to compromise on in order to get a deal . 
  knowing that , you refuse * everything * except their bottom line items , knowing they 'll still do a deal . 
  the us bugged the climate talks at copenhagen ( see [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2014/jan/30/snowden-nsa-spying-copenhagen-climate-talks ) , for example ) for that reason - and knowing everyone 's bottom lines meant the us could hold out for the minimum possible deal . 
   diplomacy is n't democratic it 's two nations striking a deal for mutual benefit . 
  that 's correct - the democratic element comes from the requirement for parliaments to approve the diplomacy before it can become reality . 
   since the global turn to austerity in 2010 , every country that introduced significant austerity has seen its economy suffer , with the depth of the suffering closely related to the harshness of the austerity . 
  and the harshness of the austerity , in turn , is related to how badly public finances were hit by the crisis , in turn related to how badly the national economy was hit by the crisis . 
  krugman seems to be ignoring causation in favour of correlation , as if the depth of austerity were some kind of free choice imposed for fun on otherwise healthy economies . 
   no , the point is that they 're mostly relying on the private sector lawyers who are always looking for opportunities , and those are a lot more vulnerable to corruption than judges that are named for life . 
  it would n't be hard for a company to mention that they would expect to employ a lawyer of similar skills for a lucrative price if this case ends up in their favour wink wink nudge nudge . 
  sure , which is why judges would be preferable , and the eu is looking to have that as standard , at least for the pre-approved list of third arbitrator . 
  either way , it 's still the case that if the company picks a pro-company arbitrator , the government picks a pro-government one - you make it sound as if * only * the company has the option to pick a favourable arbitrator . 
   and how will precedents affect future cases ? 
  is it going to be a continental law or common law system ? 
  we do n't know . 
  currently , isds ignores precedent , and i have n't seen a call for isds in ttip to change that . 
   that depends on the country again , which system ? 
  any of the common law ones . 
   if corporations become sovereign , it becomes possible to declare war against them . 
  it 's just a loaded phrase - do n't get it confused with reality !, 
   but by making it about money they you are only going to attract people interested in money . 
  with politics , that happens either way - the question is whether you make it about the salary benefits , or the non-salary benefits . 
  the advantage of the former is that the politician has an incentive not to lose their well-paid job at the regular performance reviews by the electorate . 
  in the latter case the incentive is to maximise non-salary benefits and line up a well-paid corporate job when the electorate kick you out for your gross corruption . 
  the above may not apply if your name is berlusconi . 
   this would be a matter of business vs. government , and those cases crop up often enough - also in national situations - that there are lawyers making a career out of it . 
  and , as said , while the business might appoint a lawyer who made a career of that , the government will equally appoint one who makes a career of the reverse . 
   why would that be a sane principle ?
