  however , the depth of ownership of the program and the capacity to implement structural reforms were overestimated . 
  the imf report actually says that what was done was appropriate , and that a major failure was an over-estimation of `` depth of ownership of the program and the capacity to implement structural reforms '' - that is , the willingness and ability of the * greek government * to do what was needed was over-estimated . 
   stiglitz does not justify the position of the greek government in current negotiations on the basis that it has a democratic mandate . 
  i did n't say he did . 
  i simply made the point that he dismisses the opposition to that position as `` short-sighted electoral politics '' , which is a rhetorical device glossing over the inconvenient fact that the governments opposing syriza have a democratic mandate for that opposition . 
  pointing out the use of a rhetorical device in this debate does not mean that i either support or oppose stiglitz ' position , syriza 's position , or the troika 's position , although it * is * a criticism of stiglitz . 
  tbh , i wonder what you even think i 'm saying there . 
   that is not the case , nor should it be . 
  the circumstances are way different for the bailout terms to be `` in line '' between the bailout countries . 
  greece had ( and has ) to reform more since the situation was ( and is ) more dire . 
  example 1,2 and bear in mind those figures were taken before many of the measures took effect . 
  `` in line '' is n't saying they 're the same , but that there 's nothing in the greek conditions that is so different in paradigm that one needs some kind of special explanation for it . 
  yes , the terms are harder , yes because the reforms needed are more drastic . 
  ireland undertook a lot of similar reforms back in the early nineties , after an imf intervention in the late eighties . 
   well if you can find a - non politician - economist that argues the terms are reasonable , i am open to changing my mind . 
  neither required , nor very useful - clearly the terms can not be related to syriza if they were agreed before syriza came to power . 
  they were , so the claim that the terms for greece relate to syriza being left-wing is a simple logical impossibility . 
  as for them being punitive - there were plenty of people claiming ireland 's terms were punitive , and there are plenty of people claiming that * any * austerity terms are punitive . 
  it 's a position , and looking at world economic history it 's an unsurprising one , but it 's basically just a retread of the `` spend our way out of a downturn '' view that made such an enormous mess in the seventies . 
  nobody * likes * austerity , or at least nobody who is n't really strange . 
  it makes even right-wingers grumble , because right-wingers are mostly fine with government pork as long as it comes in the form of tax breaks or military-industrial spending . 
  the left do n't like it because it means spending less , the right do n't like it because it means taxing more . 
  nobody does it for fun . 
  it happens nonetheless , because governments can not borrow indefinitely from private creditors , and printing money instead has its own heap of evils . 
  so , at some point , the books must balance to an extent that private creditors regard as reasonable . 
  when there is a lot of prior debt , a poor tax base , and a large commitment to spending , making things balance is going to be very unpleasant , and things will inevitably get worse before they get better , because raising taxes and cutting spending has a large negative economic ( and social , and personal ) impact . 
  is there a way round it ? 
  yes , but it consists of not getting there in the first place . 
  once you 're there , all the stiglitzes in the world have been unable to come up with a solution that does n't involve either printing money or sticking someone else with the bill . 
  while those escape routes have been dressed up in a variety of different ways , i 've yet to see a single alternative to austerity that does n't boil down to one or other of them . 
  nor have i seen a plan whose moral force does n't fundamentally rely on a sleight of hand that makes those willing and able to help into the villains of the piece by pretending that the wealth of nations is an inelastic sum which would be shared equally if only the rich were not profiting at the expense of the poorer . 
  yes , germany is wealthy , and greece is not , but germany did n't bankrupt greece - greece bankrupted greece . 
  i 'm no believer in `` trickle-down '' economics within a particular society , but it 's a fact that the world - the whole world - has managed to become very much richer ( despite being * much * more populous ) over the last century . 
  there is no nation which has had to get poorer because every other country got richer . 
  therefore , greece is not poor because germany is rich , and germany therefore does not ` owe ' greece anything but what is owed through solidarity - and solidarity is not something that requires anyone to enable perpetual borrowing by anyone else , any more than a true friend enables an alcoholic . 
  so , wall of rant aside , are the terms reasonable ? 
  does * anyone * believe that they are ? 
  obviously , yes , those willing to lend money to greece believe that the terms are reasonable , feasible , and necessary . 
  sure , there are few `` non-political economists '' ** who would agree , but pundits do n't make headlines or a reputation by * agreeing * with what 's already happening . 
  so we have a situation where those who are putting their money where their mouth is think the terms are achievable and necessary , while those who stand to gain publicity and lose nothing argue that they are not . 
  i think it 's easy to see what i think of that . 
  ** there 's no such thing - all economics is political . 
  the imf because it * is * lending money , the ecb because it is acting on behalf of the esm governments . 
  which works . 
   but i 'm not surprised . 
  stiglitz is a keynesian , he needs public investment . 
  problem is , countries that are shit broke ca n't invest shit . 
  this is a big part of the basic problem . 
  there are suddenly a lot of proponents of keynesian economics since the shit hit the fan , just as there were previously a lot of fans of neo-liberalism when that seemed to be going well . 
  or , to look at it cynically , everybody wants goodies and good times all the time , and will happily get behind any economic theory that would make that possible right now at this particular moment . 
  post-crisis , we 'll be back to how great deregulation , small government , and low taxes are again . 
   i 'm not sure . 
  i think partly it was the prestige . 
  partly it was the expectatioin that any design defect would be solved before any big crisis caused real problems . 
  and partly they cared more about having a stable currency and low inflation than the economics of optimum currency areas . 
  certainly so in our case , although to be fair ireland has always had a monetary peg - to sterling until the erm came along . 
  however , it 's worth pointing out that the originator of ` optimum currency area ' theory came up with two different ways that it might work . 
  people regularly cite his earlier work , which says the euro ca n't work as it stands , but rarely if ever cite his later work , which shows how it could . 
   on the other hand , you can safely assume that part of the reason the proposed measures are such because a ) the greek govt happens to be leftist and b ) for disciplinary reasons . 
  both of which do n't exactly promote the spirit of democracy . 
  no , you can assume it if you like that kind of explanation . 
  the terms of greece 's bailout are in line with those for other bailout countries , and were agreed * before * syriza were ever elected . 
   i had no idea the imf and the ecb were elected . 
  they 're not , but most of the money loaned to greece is not from either of those institutions - if fact , none of it is from the ecb , which does n't lend to governments . 
  most of the money has been borrowed through the esm , which is a consortium of elected european governments . 
   democracy is not a licence to exempt oneself from concerns of human rights , morality , and justice . 
  human rights , morality , and justice are rarely black and white issues , as many commentators ( on both sides ) have them . 
  the point was , however , simply that stiglitz is using a rhetorical trick - again , like most commentators . 
  syriza doing what greeks voted for is ` democracy ' , while bailout country governments responding to the concerns of their voters is `` short-sighted electoral politics '' - if you support syriza 's position . 
  if you do n't , then syriza are the ones doing `` short-sighted electoral politics '' , while bailout country governments are acting responsibly towards their voters . 
   this because random people on the internet said that the economical variant of this cosmological perspective said that the voter is always right , and that leadership never means telling the voters that they are wrong , and explaining why they are wrong . 
  nope , political leaders should always follow . 
  never lead . 
  leading would not be democratic . 
  but , but , greece are right because they 're doing what their * voters * want !, 
  you 're right , though , sarcasm aside . 
  we 've had a yawning void where european leadership should have been . 
  stiglitz :  bond yields could spike , and no amount of reassurance by the ecb and europe 's leaders would suffice to bring them down from stratospheric levels , because the world now knows that they will not do `` whatever it takes '' . 
  as the example of greece has shown , they will do only what short-sighted electoral politics demands . 
  this is also known , when one wants to argue the * other * way , as democratic governments being responsive to their voters . 
  it seems that like everyone else who has a `` solution '' , stiglitz finds democracy inconvenient when it does n't do what he thinks it should . 
   does anybody else here not have a problem with governments collecting your data ? 
  i might be naive but if you are n't doing anything immoral / illegal what is the worst that can happen to you ? 
  oh , variously : 1 . mis-profiling - where you get added to a watch list or no-fly list because your data just happens to fit a over-zealous pattern , or because you happen to know somebody who knows somebody who fits such a pattern 2 . where something you 're doing is legal but you 'd prefer people not to know about it , and the government , its designated employees , and anyone either accidentally or deliberately acquiring such data does too 3 . where the government or its employees are dishonest or malevolent - would you like the chinese government to have your data ? 
  if not , why would you be ok with * any * government having it ? 
  4 . accurate but outdated profiling - where you 've changed your way of life , but the profile suggested by your former way of life has n't changed 5 . having data encourages creative use of it - you neither know nor control what use might be made of your data at some future point . 
  point 5 is a rather basic principle - you have no control over what gets done with the data . 
  you are free to hope , or blindly trust , that any such use will of course be a good one , but you have absolutely no way of * ensuring * that it is so . 
  hmm ... looks like : 1 . leave euro 2 . 
   again , true . 
  i overreacted there . 
  i can see it now . 
  i was all over the thread writing and misunderstood what was a joke as something serious . 
  kudos to you for that . 
  as / u/greyfells ( to whom thanks ) says , it takes much more to admit an over-reaction to a joke than to make the joke . 
  and i should add that i intended only a light-hearted comment on european history - i do n't disagree with your assessment of / u/crnaruka , on the contrary . 
  i do n't think anyone in europe has no family history of loss in europe 's wars - i know i do , and more recent ones in the troubles as well . 
  it takes a special kind of idiot like / u/crnaruka to want to do more of it , but we 'll always have them with us , i think . 
   i do n't think that the turnout will be less than 50 % . 
  but - a lot will depend on the date and if other elections are on the same date etc.
