  specifically , massive growth in gdp - and that 's what we 're talking about when we say that 's a growth period - is easy if what you 're doing is reconstructing a continent that 's just been through sic years of massive destruction . 
   ca n't be half keynesian , where does this come from ? 
  the us and uk banged on the liquidity pretty quickly after the crash and did much better . 
  that 's essentially what the ecb did with qe . 
  it 's `` half keynesian '' because keynesian policy does n't involve just turning on the money taps in a downturn . 
  it consists of tightening them during upturns . 
  clearly , what we were doing up to the crash was not tightening - governments did their best to pour fuel on the fire instead . 
  switching to turning on the money pumps for downturn stimulus after having them on for boom stimulus is only half keynesian . 
   there was no growth until stimulus . 
  there was no stimulus until there was growth , alternatively . 
   to say austerity would have worked on its own without it is wishful thinking , and unproveable at best . 
  you seem to be arguing with me as if i had said that austerity on its own would have worked , and i have n't said that anywhere . 
  i defend austerity for what it is , not for what some of its proponents might believe about it . 
   accepting anglo wasnt a systemic risk , why were bondholders paid ? 
  bondholders we burned later so it wasnt for governmental credibility . 
  it doesnt make sense unless there was some political reasoning . 
  oh , the political thinking is not complicated . 
  the irish government on its own would n't burn bondholders - that 's what lenihan 's ` pai passu ' stuff was about - because of the risk to ireland 's credibility and the stability of its banks , which they were still hoping would get better by itself . 
  so no bondholders were burned from 2008-2010 . 
  come the bailout in late 2010 , the imf wanted to burn bondholders immediately , but the ecb and ireland did n't . 
  ireland presumably because the government was still hoping they could reverse the bailout , the ecb because it was in ireland 's position writ large - burning bondholders could have affected the credibility of the euro and the stability of european banks , particularly if it were seen to be being done at the behest of the ecb . 
  the imf , on the other hand , does n't care about long-term effects - their credibility is based on country programs working in the affected country , and quickly . 
  once bondholder burning had been tested in greece , and european banks had proven resilient to it , then irish bank bondholders were burned . 
  and they were burned under the orders of the troika , in order to save the irish taxpayer money . 
  politically , the irish establishment has made out as if they would have burned bondholders all along if it had n't been for the pesky troika , but that 's obvious bollox , since when they were in sole charge , bondholders were completely protected by government guarantee . 
   similarly chopra said ecb treats to the ireland were outrageous . 
  so you are completely dismissing the opinion of the head of the irish mission of the time ? 
  really ? 
  is he poorly informed ? 
  what chopra said was :  `` the letters actually pressed ireland to do fiscal consolidation , it pressed them to undertake vague structural reforms without specifying what these were , and that , in my view , is an outrageous overreach by a central bank , '' mr chopra said . 
  from a constitutional perspective , that 's quite true - it 's not legally the job of a central bank to dictate government actions . 
  but - major point - this is the imf saying it . 
  the imf sees it as * its * job to dictate the actions of governments , and the ecb as a hindrance . 
  there was a good deal of disagreement between the imf and ecb during the various programs , and the ecb is perhaps the first opponent the imf have come up against of their own weight , and the ecb had different priorities - primarily , they had longer-term priorities than the imf , who wanted above all to make things look fixed and get the hell out . 
  so you should take the remarks of the imf about the ecb with more than a pinch of salt , as opposed to just taking them as they validating your views . 
   greece didnt take its medicine , ireland did . 
  imf : `` first , let me be clear that greece has made enormous progress in restoring fiscal sustainability . 
  the fiscal adjustment in greece has been extraordinary by any international comparison . '' . 
  that 's the imf in 2014 . 
  seriously , greece 's non-compliance is a matter of record . 
  pulling a quote from when they finally started to take their medicine does n't change the years they spent not doing so . 
   geithner said that the eu went out to punish greece . 
  but you said they were help so he must be making that up . 
  he also said that europe were determind to commit suicide . 
  i do n't understand why you dismiss the opinions of very well informed people outright . 
  because `` well-informed people '' only means `` involved people '' , which means they have very partial views on what happened . 
  they 're subjective opinions , not objective analysis . 
   looks like we are not going to agree . 
  check out blythes article or book . 
  academically referenced , you can check out if he is factually correct after . 
  you know , it 's perfectly possible to take a given set of facts , and come out with more than one interpretation of them . 
  i read that blythe article a while ago , and it 's ideological spin . 
  i doubt i 'll read the book - aside from anything else , i should finish reading piketty !, 
  also , you know , these posts are getting pretty damned long . 
  if you were ok with breaking points into individual posts , i 'd also be ok with it . 
   pretty sure it would n't be legal . 
  funnily enough , the telegraph recently ran an article going on about how omg the eu would n't face brexit referendum spending caps because it 's a foreign body , so it probably is legal . 
   not everything that superficially looks like a government stepping over its boundaries requires the same answer . 
  if the eu interfered with democratically elected governments more often i would n't think it to be a good thing because as of now that 's not the role eu has . 
  sure . 
  if our government passes an illegal law ( unconstitutional , that is ) , or acts * ultra vires * , or is found to be corrupt , these are not systemic breaches , because they do n't change the country 's system of government - whereas the changes being made in poland do just that . 
  actually , no , the same articles were in the nice treaty as well . 
  this is classic evans-pritchard . 
  the claim that `` declassified us intelligence files ... show that the us would adapt to a post-brexit uk '' is the author 's wishful thinking , not something actually from us files , while the `` decades '' turn out to be the fifties and sixties , and the funding turns out to have been for the european movement , which is hardly `` funding the eu project '' :  the documents show that leaders of the european movement and others who played a key role in the creation of european community were treated as hired hands in washington 's cold war strategy , receiving half their budget from the us . 
  the eu has always been an american project , even if it later slipped us control . 
  the us funded pro-union groups while it funded european reconstruction - having said it was in favour of a european union , it put its money where its mouth was . 
  no surprises at all - and knowing the european movement , `` half their budget '' barely even registered as chickenfeed compared to the costs of european reconstruction . 
  is that `` funding the eu '' ? 
  does it make the eu an `` american project '' ? 
  not even close . 
  for comparison , putin is probably funding brexit campaigns ( if he is n't , he 's missing a huge opportunity ) . 
  does that make brexit a `` russian project '' ? 
  again , not even close . 
  it 's a british issue , in which other countries are going to fund the sides they prefer , if they can . 
  the us funded its preferences for european union over separation . 
   america prefers to deal with a unified europe as a matter of convenience and its anti-brexit rhetoric should be taken with a pinch of salt . 
  the white house would come to terms with the reality of british withdrawal within 24 hours , seeking the best way to perpetuate a historic alliance under what is for them slightly altered circumstances . 
  the relationship would probably be even closer . 
  this , on the other hand , has nothing to do with declassified us intelligence files . 
  aep is simply stating what he wants to be the case , and that case is the best possible one for pro-brexit campaigners . 
  another non-surprise . 
  the article exists because the question of how the us would react to brexit is a big one for exactly the kind of people most likely to vote to leave - and the telegraph is pro-brexit/anti-eu , and pritchard is one of their most pro-brexit/anti-eu writers . 
  so this is an article cobbled together to help potential brexit voters ignore the fact that the us has said loud and clear it prefers the uk in the eu . 
   my god you are conceited !, 
  true enough . 
   you picking on a very small aspect of it . 
  i am , because it 's an example of your refusal to change your views when the facts contradict them . 
  in a discussion , that means the debate simply goes round in circles . 
   are you saying donnelly is lieing , deluded , do you have an inside scoop we are not aware of . 
  mr donnelly is generally good on his research . 
  why is my qoute relevant there . 
  is mr donnelly in on the conspiracy . 
  could you provide the actual figures ? 
  i 'm mostly saying `` so what ? 
  '' , in fact . 
  lists of bondholders are n't public data , although declan ganley did publish a fairly complete list for about an hour a few years ago . 
  as to actual figures , i 've referred to them several times already : the cbi publish aggregate balance sheets for the irish domestic banks here : http://www.centralbank.ie/polstats/stats/cmab/pages/money%20and%20banking.aspx table a4 .1 is the relevant one for irish domestic banks , and bond holdings are broken down into eurozone , domestic , and rest of world on a monthly basis from 2003 on . 
  i 'm not sure what conspiracy there is supposed to be , so ca n't answer whether donnelly is `` in on it '' . 
  he does n't strike me as a conspiracy kind of guy , though , if that 's any help . 
   a german junior bondholder `` owed '' $ 17m by anglo irish bank `` our board of directors has calculated the numbers and they show that we could receive up to a 100pc return on our money '' said wolfgang klopfer , chief executive officer of [ munich-based xaia investment gmbh .
