  i do n't see how they could sue if the government compensated the depositors in a separate scheme . 
  that is probably true . 
  it has to be pointed out , though , that the dgs account was entirely unequal to the task of compensating depositors , and that depositor amounts on the banks ' balance sheets were very much larger than the bonds . 
   so why were n't they ? 
  as far as can be made out , there was never any intention of burning bondholders by the then government under their own name . 
  the only attempt that seems to have been made at any point was to get the troika to shoulder the responsibility for doing so , and the only burning that was actually done in the end * was * done under the name of the troika . 
  ireland has been selling itself as a destination for financial services for the best part of a generation . 
  it seems most likely to me that the government did everything in its power to avoid anything that might damage its reputation as a safe haven for banks . 
  that involved loading the costs of the bank bailout onto the taxpayer and rendered the idea of bank collapses unthinkable . 
  might be more that a polling company would have to ask you what all your preferences on the ballot paper would be , and most people probably do n't even know in advance . 
   well it was not an expected thing that the irish government would come along and bail them out . 
  on the contrary . 
  governments always bail banks out unless there 's some reason they ca n't do so , or they can get someone else to do so . 
   under normal circumstances when a company becomes insolvent the company 's assets are sold and a haircut of the debt is agreed a haircut on the debt is n't ` agreed ' under those circumstances , it happens if the sale of the assets does n't allow the debts to be covered in full . 
   the bonds were trading at 50 % of their official value before the bailout so many had already taken a haircut voluntarily . 
  that would reflect some bondholders ' assessment of the likelihood of the banks being wound up . 
   in cyprus this equality of bondholders and depositors seems to have been ignored . 
  the depositors took a haircut and the bondholders got their money in full . 
  without the apocalyptic scenario you paint . 
  both bondholders and depositors took haircuts in cyprus . 
  the figure for depositors was larger because there was little in the way of bonds outstanding . 
   could the law not be changed ? 
  or a workaround be found . 
  wind down the bank sell the assets and treat depositors and bondholders equally but compensate the depositors and not the bondholders . 
  the law can of course be changed , but then the bondholders take you to court . 
  there 's a good chance they would win on the basis that retrospective changes affecting contracts are often regarded as anathema to the general right to enjoyment of private property . 
   i am talking about punishing individuals within the organisations for their actions financially and if seriously enough through the criminal courts . 
  again , the problem here is that as a general rule you can not punish people for what they did if it was legal at the time they did it . 
  there is , for example , no such thing as `` reckless lending '' under irish law , although there should be . 
  i doubt it will stop even more voting for them next time round , either . 
   i think if a foreign company wants to do something stupid , it 's their government 's responsibility to regulate or take the consequences . 
  unfortunately , companies are allowed to set up subsidiaries in other countries , which are then regulated by that other country . 
  ireland actually sells itself on that basis as a finance hub . 
   any bonds owed if their not secured should not be paid as they have made an investment with a potential downside . 
  the potential downside is accepted by those who buy bonds , but they do so under particular legal safeguards . 
  those legal safeguards are part of the bond , and their presence is part of the risk analysis of the bond . 
  what you 're arguing is that we change the deal after the fact to inflict a downside under circumstances that the bond 's buyer would not originally have accepted . 
  you ca n't really claim that because someone accepted there was a particular downside risk , they have accepted any and all downside risks . 
  if you bet money on a horse , you accept the fact that the horse may not win - that does n't mean you accepted the bookie deciding he 'd rather keep your money even if it wins , because after all , you made a bet with a `` potential downside '' , you `` accepted '' that you might not get your money back . 
  if a bank lends you money , it accepts that there 's a downside risk , but that does n't mean you can just decide not to repay the loan simply because you 'd rather spend that money on something else . 
   the cost of bailing out savers and not balancing the economy away from construction should be born by the irish taxpayer . 
  those are the costs we bore . 
  it suited those responsible to have the focus shifted to `` foreign bondholders '' , but what we actually paid for was the cost of our government allowing irish banks to concentrate their lending into our property bubble . 
  what was paid was what was necessary to keep the irish banks in existence after the stupidly enormous holes they 'd blown below their waterlines , and which would have sunk them if not paid . 
  the only way we could acceptably have burned the bank bonds to save ourselves money would have been by declaring the banks insolvent and shutting them down in 2008 . 
  that would have led to several years of legal fun and games , because ireland does n't actually have a legal procedure for winding down a bank , so everything would have been argued in court . 
  the most likely outcome of that legal fun would have been that all senior bonds were paid off in full if the money was in the banks to do so - and if it was n't , neither the senior bonds nor the depositors would have been paid in full , because they have the same legal precedence ( that 's lenihan 's * pari passu * ) . 
  one thing that would have done is to freeze the bank accounts of virtually everybody in the country until such time as the legal issues and the accounting ones were completed . 
  plus , of course , we would n't have had any banking functions during that time . 
   the whole burning the bondholders could of gone the other way for ireland as they would be perceived as being better able to pay other existing debts if they did n't have the huge cost of bailing out the bondholders to contend with . 
  in theory , perhaps . 
  in practice , no . 
  it only works if the creditors who benefit are not only different people from those you 're burning , but do n't even know about them . 
  unfortunately , the institutions who buy government bonds are the same as the institutions who buy bank bonds . 
   it 's the moral hazard of the whole thing . 
  there needs to be consequences when things go wrong not just obscene rewards when things go right in the short term . 
  as well as regulation to stop the excesses that led to this mess . 
  well ... there are * some * consequences . 
  bank shareholders were wiped out , for example . 
  but yes , there needs to be better regulation . 
  unfortunately , that fight seems to have already been won by the finance industry . 
   i think the burden of the bailout as the risks were to the wider european economy it should have been better shared between all members . 
  the counter-argument to that is that ireland had * created * that risk to the wider european economy through poor bank regulation and bad fiscal policy . 
  asking them to share the cost of fixing that risk seems a little cheeky . 
  in fact , one could argue that since irish bank regulation was involved in the collapse of hypo , sachsen , and at least one other bank in germany , at a cost of well north of $ 100 billion to the german taxpayer , plus the collapses of various other banks and companies around the eurozone and beyond ( courtesy of our little offshore gambling den called the ifsc ) , it would have been not unreasonable for the rest of europe to ask us to shoulder a share of their burden as well as the one which we created entirely for ourselves . 
   i 'm not sure that burning the bondholders would have the dire consequences you would . 
  especially if the guarantee of all banks debt were n't given in the first place . 
  sure , that 's open to debate . 
  what can be stated , though , is that there 's no senior financial figure , private or public , who felt at the time that it would n't have caused panic . 
  worth remembering that this was before draghi pulled out his big gun . 
  the markets were undeniably in panic mode . 
  the troika being seen to allow ireland to burn senior bondholders would have been taken as a message that no senior bond in the whole eurozone was safe . 
  just for the record , i do n't * like * the finance industry at all . 
  they swank about thinking they have all the answers when things seem to be going well - ie , when the risk is building up but has n't yet exploded - and then they run around like hysterical imbeciles when their recklessness finally catches up with them . 
  and what they do is so embedded in the economy that even though they what they deserve is a spell in a re-education labour camp somewhere cold and hungry , what they * get * is bailouts . 
  i 'd argue that since we appear to have to do the latter bit , we should prevent the former bit by thorough and hostile regulation . 
  but politicians are suckers for guys with money taps , even though all the money tap does is borrow from the future . 
   i just question whether they read the directives before signing up to them . 
  it 's kind of leading everyone that way . 
  they actually opposed the original waste directive on the grounds that it did n't go far enough , and welcomed its defeat in the ep ( patricia mckenna was mep at the time ) , so they seem to have read it . 
   i 'm in total agreement over nuclear . 
  it 's cheap long term and it works perfectly with the variable renewable input to the grid . 
  you can increase or decrease the generation much more quickly than more traditional fuel sources . 
  it 's a sustainable solution to our energy needs long term and it 's carbon neutral . 
  yep , and the opposition to it seems increasingly silly and emotive - people screaming about a few thousand tonnes of waste that ca n't do you any harm from more than a kilometre , compared to gigatonnes of co2 which will have a massive and long-lasting impact on the whole plant no matter where you hide . 
  still , people are n't fundamentally rational . 
   i have a suspicion that the rest of the eu bullied them into it as they had ireland by the balls as they could n't borrow money on the open market without prohibitively expensive interest being paid . 
  actually , by the time the troika rolled in , most of the bonds had already been paid . 
  the government guarantee meant that any bond that fell due during 2008-2010 was paid in full , no matter how junior it was . 
  it was only once the troika could be made to look responsible that the government suddenly got interested in burning some of the senior bonds . 
  there was little enough of them left at that stage - the usual estimate is that we could have saved maybe $ 6-8 billion , at the expense of crating a market panic across europe that would probably have wiped out our banks a second time . 
   this article from the financial times gives the impression that a lot of the bonds were unsecured and holders thought they were going to have to take a haircut . 
  junior bondholders * did * take a haircut , but only once the troika were holding the reins . 
  something like $ 16 billion in junior bond haircuts happened in 2011 , whereas the junior bonds that fell due under the guarantee were paid off in full . 
  but the reputational damage to ireland from the 2011 haircut was of course a lot smaller than it would have been otherwise , because it was `` the troika '' that ordered it . 
  as far as i can see , the irih government 's plan was to do the same with senior bonds , but the troika were n't willing to put a huge hole in the reputation of the eu and ecb during a financial panic in order to save ireland a relatively small sum . 
  on balance , not burning the senior bonds has probably saved more money in the long run - it was a pretty shortsighted move . 
  the greens were always opposed to incineration as a waste strategy . 
  they opposed the use of incineration in the waste directive , they campaigned in 2007 on the basis that poolbeg should be scrapped ( as did every candidate in dse , including those from the party who brought it in ) , and fought it when in power as they had when not in power . 
  you 're welcome to disagree with the greens on what the right thing to do environmentally is in a given case ( i disagree with their views on nuclear ) , but the charge of nimbyism you 're making is false .
