  well , the usual questions arise : * is this a new leak , or another reinterpretation of the existing leaks ? 
  * if it 's a new one , where is the link to it , so we can read it ? 
  so you 've had enough of experts . . ? 
   but as a brit do you mean english , welsh , scottish ( highlands or lowlands ) , northern irish ? 
  they 've voted against it twice at least , as far as i know . 
  but it requires the member states to get rid of it , and france wo n't , with support from a couple more countries that fear a general rearrangement of where eu institutions are based . 
   how will it work when there 's nothing to explain ? 
  there 's never nothing to explain , though . 
  it may be hard to show why a neural network came to a particular decision , but it is not impossible , and it is in any case almost certainly useful to be able to do so . 
  it may indeed slow down innovation , in the sense that innovation means applying uncomprehended black box solutions to complex problems affecting people 's lives ... but looking at that sentence , i ca n't see why that 's a bad thing . 
  i would n't quite agree with that . 
  i 'd say it 's more that the anglosphere dislikes prescriptive legislation , in keeping with its common law traditions . 
  laws , in that paradigm , should be created primarily in the courts through precedent and ` common sense ' on the basis of cases taken , and should be to a fair extent more like a quite flexible contract between the parties at law than a book of rules ( note how that phrase has negative overtones ! ) . 
  ireland is slightly different - we have a written and therefore prescriptive constitution against which our broadly common law system can be tested . 
  so we do n't find prescriptive law so alien . 
  the uk , on the other hand , has a constitution which is unwritten . 
  both evolve in reality , but for the english , prescriptive law is seen as inflexible and unresponsive . 
  it 's pretty much a result of the internet . 
  with print media , you 're going to buy and read the paper , or you 're not . 
  the front page headline was always intended to catch your eye , but if you bought the paper and the headline was grossly misleading , it was pretty annoying because you had spent money on it . 
  now , every article needs a clickbait headline , because each article exists separately - so every article has a front page headline . 
  in addition , most people do n't read the article , but they may share it on the basis of the headline - so if you want the article to get spread through social media , the headline is the most important thing in it . 
  and if you read the article and the headline is , like this one , dredged from some minor point taken out of context , you might be mildly annoyed , but it did n't cost you anything . 
   the right is more about a strong and prosperous nation considered as a whole ( and the better it is , the better life is for everyone of its members ) i would n't really agree with the latter part of that . 
  the poor in a ` strong ' nation that does its own thing can easily be worse off than they would be in a ` weak ' nation that cooperates with others - the right wing concept of the nation is rarely inclusive . 
  nor is the left represented solely by the internationalist version - there are plenty of left-wing nationalists ( ireland 's sinn fein are an obvious example ) . 
  still , i 'm not really happy arguing definitions , particularly of such slippery terms . 
   it actually occurred to me that the attitude was what the united kingdom was like a century ago - more energetic and nationalistic , like us . 
  hmm . 
  i 'm pretty sure my flair is visible , unless you 're on mobile . 
  so i would think my comments on that should be predictable enough . 
  more generally , i 'm afraid i just do n't see what you see . 
  i think i see how you could see it - the rhetoric about the uk finding its own place in the world again , looking outwards beyond europe , entering the global ring again , even if not quite in its former weight class . 
  but that 's just rhetoric . 
  what was actually done was basically a mean-spirited and self-interested rejection of the world as an interconnected place , a rejection of the uk as a responsible country in that world in favour of a model which involves kissing corporate ass on the one hand , pissing down the backs of the poor and telling them it 's raining gold on the other . 
  if that 's energetic and nationalist - and i 'm not saying it is n't - i 'll pass , thanks . 
   still your post had a general/ideological ring to it , so i felt the need to nuance it . 
  just a throwaway line , really . 
   amusingly enough while i agree than the individual/society preference is a really key one i 'd have put the right wing more on the holistic side than the left wing . 
  would you ? 
  on the basis of the sort of family/like-minded-community elements , perhaps ? 
   perhaps people like to try new things & are ok with chaos when they 're young but as they age or they feel economically less secure they want strong leaders and ordered society ? 
  i think this is very likely . 
  it makes evolutionary sense . 
   but if you find someone who used to feel they were very affluent who is still affluent but feels worried about the future ... over a certain age it makes sense to worry about the future , no matter how rich you are , because the quite immediate future ineluctably encompasses declining capability and death . 
   when people were very passionately debating different plans for britain 's future i 'm not sure how exactly you got that from the debate , given that virtually nobody appears to have had a plan for what happened next . 
  i think people talked about what might * happen * , which is not the same thing as planning . 
  the terms ` right ' and ` left ' are often worse than useless as descriptions of political positions , it 's true - their main value is their recognisability . 
  in this case , ` right wing ' is largely synonymous with ` individual before society ' and ` left wing ' with ` society before individual ' . 
  one set of journalists are writing about what they think ought to happen . 
  the other is looking at reported facts . 
  in some cases it does n't seem so much ` kindled ' as ` realised ' - taken for granted until removed . 
  any time the committee in question has any power . 
  that 's why people spend time in committees . 
  well , most people , anyway . 
  i 'd swear some people actually enjoy them ... and those people are often the reason nobody else does . 
   a majority of people in the eu want the uk to be treated the same as other countries ; that 's not punishment . 
  that is , treated the same as other non-eu countries , because the uk will be a non-eu country . 
   i wonder what 's so bad about the eu that makes people want to punish those who wish to leave . 
  if the eu was good enough , they would n't feel the need to scare and threaten future countries who may wish to leave . 
  this is not `` the eu '' , this is the public in eu countries . 
  people may possibly have felt that the uk rejecting eu membership and rather prominently in the campaign rejecting free movement suggested that they were unwelcome in the uk . 
   the marriage between government and markets is not at all what right wing people want , its what left wingers want . 
  well , the right wing want one kind of marriage , where the markets dictate to the governments , the left wing want one where the government dictates to the markets . 
  because the plan was that other european countries would see how massively attractive just a free trade area was compared to the eu , and follow the uk into efta . 
  which they did n't , and the uk joined the eu . 
  it 's not at all similar to the brexit plan . 
   then leaving the club means gaining independence . 
  the ability to make your own decisions is what independence is . 
  then ( a ) we have different definitions of independence , and ( b ) the uk has a * very * long way to go before it can declare independence , because it is party to a very large number of agreements which constrain it from making free decisions - as is , indeed , every state in the world bar possibly north korea . 
  but their ability to make free decisions is constrained by the fact that they 're a pariah . 
   and the eu is more than a club , or a treaty . 
  it 's a state , and is going to be more of one in the future . 
  it 's * sui generis * , as they say - a novel and unique thing . 
  having rules by which the members must abide does not make something a state . 
  the us has to abide by nafta rules - is nafta a state ? 
  no , because that happens to be one of the club rules . 
  look at it this way . 
  if the uk decided to terminate the cta , would it thereby become `` independent '' of ireland ? 
  if it withdrew from the gfa , does it become `` independent '' of ireland ? 
  do we become `` independent '' of them ? 
  maintaining the cta or the gfa commits the uk to certain things , commits ireland to certain things - we no longer have free hands in respect of certain matters because of those agreements . 
  does that mean , by your definition , that we 're not independent ? 
  what about the echr ? 
  the un ? 
  the wto ? 
  the icc ? 
  which one do we leave in order to have our tabloids proudly proclaim `` independence day '' ? 
   our definitions of ` independent ' ca n't be that different . 
  i think they must be . 
  you left a voluntary club in which you had a seat on the committee . 
  sure , the club has rules , and as long as you 're in the club you have to follow the rules for those things the club committee ( which included you ) sets rules for , while once you 're out you do n't , but that 's not independence versus dependence , it 's non-membership versus membership . 
  you do n't `` gain your independence '' from a football team you play on . 
   and the fact that they did it in spite of the entire oligarchy trying to scare them out of it half the oligarchy , i 'm afraid - the other half wanted them to do it . 
  which is why i do n't find it terribly inspiring - roughly half the people voted with one half the oligarchy , the other half with the other . 
  it was n't about a `` leap into the unknown '' , though - it was about a leap back to the known - to trade with the commonwealth and the far east , which are traditional british trade patterns ( which involved the majority of the english only as consumers of that trade ) . 
  not only that , but these were presented as foregone conclusions - no question of whether they would happen . 
  and `` declaration of independence '' was a declaration of splendid isolation and not having foreigners interfering , because the uk does n't have anyone to gain independence from . 
  it 's `` ourselves for ourselves '' , not actual independence . 
  the main point of the vision was to separate the uk from ` messy ' inter-dependent involvement with the rest of the world , with ongoing close relationships .
