  it would be great if there 's such an amount of capacity that we can have netflix running alongside everything else with no service degradation , but in that situation net neutrality is n't as relevant anyway . 
  is it the case that allowing paid-for fastlanes will mean that isps will prefer to build fastlanes than general capacity , though ? 
  is the penalty bit of this decision aimed at dissuading them from that ? 
  ok , i can see that the demand for netflix could be ` naturally ' limited by poor delivery past a certain point if it can only share the same bandwidth as everyone else , and is not allowed to have capacity reserved for it out of generally available bandwidth . 
  and it seems to me that reaching that limit in a net that only has general bandwidth would involve delivery degradation for * everyone * . 
  allowing isps to reserve some part of general bandwidth for netflix would have allowed netflix not to suffer delivery degradation , but increased the service degradation for everyone else . 
  allowing isps to build * extra * capacity for a service like netflix seems better than allowing them to reserve general capacity . 
  the downside is , i assume , that if this extra capacity is a paid service , then it becomes of greater commercial interest to the isps than their general internet service ? 
   optimum currency area is a theory which many economists subscribe to . 
  it is n't just a mantra . 
  if the eurozone were an optimum currency area , one interest rate would work for the entire eurozone and growth and recession of each area would be aligned . 
  perhaps your position is that the eurozone is an optimum currency area ? 
  or perhaps it is that it does n't matter . 
  neither of those . 
  the reason i say it 's a mantra is not because there is n't a theory , but because people who use the term appear to treat an optimum currency area as if it were some kind of natural object . 
  the theory 's author , looking specifically at the euro , reckoned it was possible for a non-optimum area to become one through convergence . 
  so my view is basically that the eurozone was n't ( and is n't ) an optimum currency area , but that the intention is that it become one . 
  it 's not very different from someone saying `` this is not an optimum marriage because one partner earns more '' , and that the only solutions are divorce or forced equalisation of earnings . 
  sometimes you have to work for things , because some things take work . 
   is your position that when considering the impact of the euro on italy we should only consider the boom years and not the crisis ? 
  when looking at whether the euro has been good for italy , yes . 
  it 's not possible to disentangle the effects of the global crisis out from the effects of the euro , which means that including the crisis is rather like deciding that someone 's lifestyle was unhealthy because they were run over by a truck at 40 . 
  after all , they 're dead , which is hardly healthy , so we should clearly include their early death in the analysis . 
   yes , and i acknowledged your figures and source and noted that the question asked did not focus on the impact of the euro on italy . 
  i find it a bit surprising that you do n't acknowldge my source . 
  hmm . 
  see , what you said was that italians were `` turning massively against the euro '' . 
  to me , the way one judges that is whether they favour continued euro membership , rather than whether they feel the euro has had a bad impact . 
  but i guess one could say that that 's * my * interpretation of what what you said meant , and * your * interpretation of that is likely to be more relevant !, 
  so you feel that your source substantiates your view of `` massively turning against '' , while i feel that mine substantiates my view of `` continue majority supporting '' , and i think we 're both basically justified . 
  that could well be the case - we do have high consumption taxes . 
  the ff/pd governments from 1997-2007 progressively shifted the tax base to consumption taxes ( and stamp duty ) , while reducing the income tax brackets . 
  however , the tax bracket shift was a wholesale one , with something like a third of the population eventually out of the income tax net entirely , so the overall progressiveness remained ( bleh , there figures somewhere , i 'll try to find them ) . 
  doubt i 'll ever get to retire either . 
   i think fiscal union is required as the eurozone is not an optimal currency area . 
  this is what happens in all currency areas , like the usa and the uk . 
  taxes are redistributed . 
  i think that 's basically a mantra . 
  what do you think it means that it 's not an `` optimal currency area '' , and why do you think it is n't ? 
   in 8 years prior to joining the euro , the italian economy grew by an average of 1.4 % per year . 
  since joining the euro , it has hardly grown at all . 
  the figures are as i quoted them . 
  they do * not * say what you 're claiming . 
  are you just ignoring italy 's recorded growth rates ? 
  or are you including the crisis period in order to make the claim ? 
  because the crisis is still there , euro or no euro . 
  i 'd agree that nearly every country affected by the crisis has had their overall growth slashed , but that applies whether you 're iceland , the uk , or italy . 
  euro barometer thinks that `` at the other end of the scale , italy is by far the country where attitudes towards the euro have deteriorated the most , where there is a 9pp increase in the proportion of respondents who think having the euro is a bad thing for their country '' . 
  are you just disregarding this ? 
  i quoted the figures i was using , and the source . 
  and , really , it 's a bit rich you accusing me of ignoring figures , when you 're making a claim for italy which is completely contradicted by the figures . 
   yes , for the monetary union to be successful , it makes sense to consider the countries that need it to become a transfer union and not just the ones doing fine thank you . 
  is n't that the purpose of all unions : help the poorer parts of the union ? 
  i thought you agreed that it needs to be a transfer union ? 
  no , i did n't agree it needed to be . 
  i do n't have much of an objection to it being , but it would require a level of federalisation i probably would disagree with . 
   the pace of growth was significantly faster prior to the introduction of the euro . 
  ( italy has hardly grown at all since the introduction of the euro . ), 
  the figures are there in black and white , and they contradict your claim . 
   the dates of the two surveys are thus very similar ( though likely both now out of date ) . 
  interestingly , the questions asked seem to be different ( therefore they can not be directly compared to each other ) . 
  the one i linked to focuses on the impact on italy , whereas the standard survey only asks about monetary union generally . 
  only the one i quoted answers your claim that the italians are `` turning massively against the euro '' , and in the negative . 
  you 're not really at home to unwelcome facts , i think . 
   a lot of the money is n't even repatriated to us , because they do n't want to pay the taxes for it , so it just stays in the bank accounts . 
  i think apple has over $ 100bln in cash . 
  it gets paid out of ireland as licensing fees to another part of the company registered in ireland but located in bermuda ( or similar ) - the arrangement nicknamed the `` double irish '' . 
  because the large pre-licensing profit in ireland is turned into very small post-licensing profit in ireland by virtue of the intra-company siphon headed for bermuda , companies like apple and google pay tax rates of maybe 1 % on their earnings after external costs , but our government can claim with a straight face that we charge our headline rate of tax on their profits . 
  as people are pointing out , this loophole is being closed , but until it is , i would n't take anything an irish government claims about multinational corporation taxes in ireland . 
  as far as i know , the boys in the ministry of finance are working away creating a similar loophole , and we 'll run that one for a few years until it too gets called . 
   nominally the us has very high levels of corporation tax but there are so many loopholes being in ireland , for example . 
  or be like ireland , which has relatively low taxes , but the most redistributive system in the eu . 
  pre-tax , we have the most unequal income distribution in the eu , post-tax , we 're about average . 
  how do we do it ? 
  leprechauns , my friend . 
   it does n't look like you thoroughly read the paper you linked , which reinforces my points . 
  the graph in page 28 shows a very sharp drop in capital flows circa 2006-7 , dropping from 45 % to less than 5 % of gdp . 
  if you do n't call that a drop , then i 'm not sure what qualifies . 
  i do n't have a problem calling that a drop , not having said there was n't a drop coming up to the crisis . 
  i know you said there was a drop at that point , and i know i 'm arguing with you generally , but that does n't mean i disagree with everything you 're saying !, 
  what you were saying that i was disagreeing with was that high bond yields on the periphery drove core investment money outwards , and that this was both a design feature of the euro and a big feature of the pre-crisis euro period . 
  i said that did n't make much sense , because the spreads were larger before the euro - spreads reflect risk , so if they 're an accurate reflection of * perceived * risk then the perceived quid pro quo in terms of risk/return remained the same . 
  you then said that the flow of capital would even out the spreads , the capital flows would then slow , and that this process happened during the post-euro convergence period , basically 2000-2003 . 
  i pointed out that the facts show less capital flow then than later , which would seem to me to contradict your theory . 
  that the convergence period starts well before the introduction of the euro ( from maastricht on , basically ) , and that that pre-euro period is not marked by large capital flows seems to me to say the same thing . 
  that there was a pre-crisis peak in about 2006 which then dropped sharply off is irrelevant to what we 're arguing about . 
  you did make the point that market capital flows are dependent on investor sentiment , and can reverse or stop quite suddenly . 
  i did n't disagree - indeed , do n't disagree - but that has nothing to do with the claims i 'm arguing against . 
  again , i 'm not disagreeing that there * were * capital flows from the core to the periphery . 
  i 'm just saying that i do n't think the size of them had anything much to do with the differences in bond yields between the core and the periphery , either with the spreads as a driver of such flows or with the flows as drivers of the spreads . 
  it 's a neat , common-sense idea , like water finding its level , but the data simply do n't support it . 
  i think you have two separate processes at work , not one neat one . 
  at this stage , i ca n't remember what all this is supposed to show about the greek writeoff , though . 
  that the greeks were somehow ` victims ' of inexorable capital currents that rammed money into their system whether they liked it or not , perhaps ? 
  nah , that would be too obviously silly . 
  governments * issue * bonds - they do n't have an international money pipe up their asses that they ca n't control . 
  sure : http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2015/06/28/as-it-happened-yanis-varoufakis-intervention-during-the-27th-june-2015-eurogroup-meeting/ there 's something about the way he uses `` colleagues '' which makes me think of another word starting with c. 
   ultimately the eurozone must become a transfer union or it will fail . 
  this crisis has been going on more than five years now . 
  they should be well on their way to pooling debts and a transfer union .
