  and at first reading it does indeed sound like you 're describing an actual crisis of the currency itself . 
  and then after a second reading it does n't , because it 's no longer clear ( to me ! ), 
  how what you 've described is very different from what would be the case without the euro . 
  if greece had the drachma , would the market currently be asking unsustainable rates on greek sovereign debt ? 
  well , yes , because the problem is not that greek sovereign debt is denominated in euros , but that the ability of the greek government to repay that debt is in doubt . 
  in that sense , there never should have been a convergence of sovereign debt rates within the eurozone , because the capacity of each sovereign to repay debt rested , just as it did before , on the capacity and willingness of each sovereign to repay . 
  the markets treated eurozone sovereign debt as if it they were all some kind of jointly backed eurobond , but that was n't ever the case !, 
  greece was always responsible for greek sovereign debt , germany for german sovereign debt , and the rates should always have reflected the different risks attached . 
  so i 'm not sure what 's supposed to be special about this under the euro ? 
   furthermore , if you have a bank account in greece , the greek central bank owes you money ; if you have an account in germany , the bundesbank owes you money . 
   thus , if you have a bank account in southern europe , you 'd prefer to have one in germany , which is perfectly legal under the european treaties , no one can prevent you from doing that . 
  that 's why fortunes where transferred from southern europe to germany , the bundesbank had ~ 750 billion euros polluting its balance sheet . 
  ok - so , using forex , this has always been true within the eu , and currency flight to safe havens has always been a feature of economic crises . 
  what 's different about the euro is that you do n't get the exchange rate revaluations that come with currency flight in a multi-currency system - the dm does n't appreciate , and the drachma does n't depreciate . 
  but that 's something i 've already described as part of the different * response * mechanism in the eurozone from an equivalent multi-currency zone - that is , it 's an `` automatic stabiliser '' of devaluation which no longer operates . 
   the problem is that for all the claims on the bundesbank through these ` german ' accounts , the bundesbank in return has claims on southern european banks ... whose health is n't too good . 
  this is , i think , the sinn interpretation of target2 balances as a huge danger to the bundesbank resulting from a ` stealth bailout ' of the periphery by the centre . 
  as an antidote , i would recommend karl whelan 's paper here : http://www.karlwhelan.com/papers/t2paper.pdf, 
   they 're doing that because joining the euro is a requirement of joining the eu . 
  that argument does n't really hold water , because not every country joins ... something i think may have come up in the thread already . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  there was n't any particular eurozone `` crisis '' , really - as one can tell from the currency 's complete refusal to either go away or even sink much in value . 
  what there was was a political crisis over the mechanisms for dealing with the national crises within the eurozone - because measures like national qe were out , and it took a change of helmsman at the ecb before the ecb said it would backstop the banks and sovereigns . 
  that political crisis probably would have been very much larger had the uk also been in the eurozone , given the size of its own crisis and its often different outlook - theoretically , strong uk leadership could have made the political crisis less severe , but , eh , cameron , so no . 
  the market perception of the size of issues in the eurozone would also have massively increased because of the depth of the uk troubles , and the very large global spread of financial knock-ons . 
  and the crisis in the uk would have been very much larger if the uk had been waiting on a resolution of the eurozone political crisis , so that was probably a good thing as well . 
  had the uk been in the eurozone , they probably would have left before the angry mobs toppled the establishment and put king nige i on the throne - and that in turn might have actually sparked a euro breakup . 
  so , yeah , overall , i think whether one is eurosceptic or europhile , we can all say `` thank * fuck * it was n't '' . 
   the eu is against uk forming it 's own `` eea-lite '' deal as no doubt various other countries would see the advantages of this and wish to line up behind the uk 's position . 
  mayyybe ... but the uk * founded * efta as an ec-lite alternative , and then , like nearly every other member , joined the eu instead . 
  countries are joining the eurozone , not just the eu - and people are , quite literally , dying to get into the eu . 
  countries like norway ca n't enter the eu because their people do n't want to , but their governments would join if they could . 
  there 's a queue to get into the eu , there 's no queue to get out , and even the uk government does n't * want * out , it 's just being pushed that way by the uk public and press . 
  all of which suggests that the eu * is n't * `` against uk forming it 's own `` eea-lite '' deal as no doubt various other countries would see the advantages of this and wish to line up behind the uk 's position '' - on the contrary , the uk government is trying very hard to stay in the eu because it knows that no such queue would form . 
  the failure of the uk banking sector and economy would have been attributed to the euro , but would have been otherwise identical , since the uk banking sector and economy are already extremely globalised . 
   the childish play on libertarian is lolbertarian . 
  really ? 
  i would have said that gives a completely different spin . 
  has no-one else seen `` libertardian '' in use ? 
  common market -  common rules -  loss of national control -  common control & common democracy required = ` political union ', 
   before the eu came into being with the lisbon treaty . 
  maastricht was the treaty that created the european union . 
  not really - that was the policy under thatcher ( and was much complained about at the time , which is how i come to recall it ) . 
  i 'm not sure it was the policy before or since , so i did n't say that . 
  i suppose you could describe accuracy as an agenda , if you like . 
  indeed , and she 's not now pm either , although the north sea is still going . 
  what i said is that it 's what they did under thatcher . 
   ... selling off future profits to pad their current budget ... that 's almost exactly what the uk under thatcher did with the north sea oil bonanza , which is why there 's no equivalent to the norwegian oil fund . 
   however , the fact that the council and the european parliament can legislate `` only on the basis of a commission proposal '' [ 11 ] changes everything . 
  in other words , this provision makes it clear that the legislature is absolutely dependant on the executive and has no power to initiate legislation . 
  except that the executive can not pass any legislation without the parliament and/or council , which makes the executive dependent on the legislature . 
  to describe it as `` the legislature is absolutely dependant on the executive '' requires only looking at one side of the picture , which is exactly the flaw the article ( and most such analyses ) suffers from . 
  ok , what i 'd have to say to that is that that 's another very fundamental and very common misreading of the eu - one that occurs on all sides of the debate , too . 
  it 's the `` eu as a state '' fallacy . 
  the eu is n't a state , and has a very restricted range of competences compared to even the smallest of states . 
  the eu is first and foremost a framework for joint action by the member states . 
  all the institutions are geared towards that end , and the eu is independent of the member states only in the areas where independent action is felt necessary , and only to the extent felt necessary . 
  that 's why the eu consists of intergovernmental bits and majoritarian bits in different areas of competence , because those decision making methods have been felt appropriate by the member states for those areas . 
  as such , there 's no risk of the eu tearing * itself * apart , because its internal forces are very weak , while the external forces of the member states are very strong - as long as they need the eu in its current form , that 's how it will be , and whatever decision-making methods they feel are appropriate for a given area of eu competence is necessarily the appropriate method , because the wishes of the member states are paramount in the eu , not any consideration of internal efficiency . 
  on the same basis , the aspiration to `` ever closer union '' is not an aspiration of the eu , but an aspiration of the member states which is expressed through the eu - and , again , whatever form that closer union takes at any time is necessarily what is appropriate . 
  the eu does not represent a thing in itself , a nascent state , but is itself a method and mechanism through which the member states express their desire for closer union through working together . 
  it 's a patchwork because that 's what 's wanted , and the view that the `` european union needs to figure out if it wants to be a confederation or federation , intergovernmental or supranational '' is hugely wide of the mark . 
  tl ; dr - the eu is * not * the us federal government , nor an attempt to recreate it . 
  it is a framework for joint action and the creation of ` ever closer union between * peoples * and * nations * ' through cooperation . 
  it is a governance structure , not a government . 
  the article is informed by very poor constitutional understanding . 
  as with many observers , the author is unduly impressed by the commissions 's right of legislative initiative . 
  ignoring its practical application - almost invariably on foot of requests from the parliament or council - and the enormous constraint of being entirely unable to actually pass legislation without the assent of those bodies - the author treated it as if rather than being a negative power of legislative refusal , it is a positive power of federal control . 
  there are other inaccuracies in fact - the eu does not control its own budget , because the budget also has to pass the member states , and the best the parliament can do is gridlock the process - but the main constitutional thrust of the article is the more important gross error , and the other errors tend to follow the same general direction , of increasing the apparent federalism of the existing eu in order to decry it . 
  it 's not the worst article of its type , but it fails to avoid the trap all libertarian authors fall into , and which is perhaps related to an unwillingness to take the eu on its own terms , as opposed to as a poor copy of the libertarian intellectual homeland of the us . 
  let me rephrase that . 
  most countries have more than 10 % belief in creationism . 
  that 's true across the world , there is no connection with christianity , and i did n't mention * biblical * creationism . 
  just to be 100 % sure , what i was saying is the above , that most countries would fai , your 10 % test , not that believing in creationism is christianity . 
  that * is * belief in creationism . 
  10 % belief ? 
  that 's a marker that would hold for most countries in the world , with the possible exception of iceland . 
  brief history of irish forestry : http://www.forestryservices.ie/why-plant/history-of-forestry-in-ireland the british did n't cut down our trees to build ships ( only a small proportion of trees are suitable in any case ) , and forest cover has increased in the state since independence . 
  most of the clearance of forestry has been agricultural , and most of it has been by native farmers , particularly subsistence farmers - we used to support a population of more than 8 million , and we did n't grow spuds under trees . 
  sad really . 
  i 'm a green voter , have been for years , but the rationale for opposing iter has to be the stupidest thing i 've seen for a while . 
  as far as i know , der spiegel is only reporting part of a story which has also run under the headline `` uk defeats european bid for fracking regulations '' . 
  essentially , the shale gas countries ( uk , poland , hungary and the czech republic ) have made it clear to the commission through lobbying that they wo n't support binding targets - and since the commission only * proposes * legislation , the best it can do under such circumstances is to put forward non-binding recommendations . 
  as far as i know , it has held onto the card of reviewing the outcome after an initial period . 
   the european union 's attempts to set legally binding regulations for shale gas extraction have been defeated after the uk and a number of eu states argued that current eu regulations are sufficient to keep fracking safe . 
   european commission 's leaked draft documents , obtained by the euractiv news service reveal that uk , poland , hungary and the czech republic opposed the creation of union-wide regulation of shale gas extraction techniques and methods . 
   instead of adopting eu-wide regulations , according to the draft , the states will be asked to follow a number of non-binding `` recommendations '' covering a range of protective measures against water contamination and other hazardous environmental impacts . 
  http://rt.com/news/fracking-uk-eu-regulations-605/ do n't like the source , but i think it 's a syndicated article . 
  ok , there 's a couple of different things in there . 
  using gas from fracking to replace coal would reduce emissions , while using gas to replace nuclear would increase them . 
  as to why they 're ` incompatible ' - they 're not exactly incompatible , but using gas instead of renewables to replace coal yields less emissions reduction , and reduces the impetus to replace fossil fuel use overall . 
  if there 's a lot of shale gas because little restriction is placed on fracking , then gas prices will drop , and you 've made renewables less competitive while almost certainly also encouraging less efficient energy use overall . 
  in terms of tackling climate change , a ` fracking bonanza ' would be like a massive sugar feast for someone trying to tackle their diabetes . 
  if nothing else , the author 's highly obvious dislike of the left and environmentalists makes it difficult to see this as in any way objective . 
  there 's also a strange underlying assumption that the commission should be policy and value neutral , which is not true - the values of the eu are very clearly set out in the governing treaties , and the commission has the duty to promote those values . 
  the main points , the echo chamber effect and the potential capture of european-level umbrella ngos as part of the system , is important , but it 's hard to see past the author 's biases - to describe the eu as having a `` propaganda budget '' , and to uncritically accept a figure for it that has been much criticised , makes it rather too clear that the author 's view of the eu 's legitimacy is colouring his views of its relations with civil society . 
  `` france '' ? 
  really , rt ? 
  * some * residents of * a small town * in france . 
  surely there comes a point when the sheer absurdity that a media source 's bias forces it to print becomes overwhelming ... picks up uk daily mail ... ah , apparently not .
