  in particular any solution which requires trust in others is inevitably rejected out of hand . 
  it 's one of the ironies of the eu that the people who would most benefit from pan-european voting are euro sceptics . 
  they do it pretty regularly . 
  the council also do it . 
  it 's rarer and rarer for the commission to initiate legislation off it 's own bat , because anything it initiates has to pass the council and parliament . 
  so even when the commission uses its right of initiative on , er , it 's own initiative , it does so only when it thinks there 's sufficient political support from the other two bodies anyway . 
  ... or irish , by a very very long way . 
  the ep is the legislature to which the commission is accountable , and which forms the popular mass lower house to the council 's upper house formed of governments . 
  well , no , it has n't really slowed down . 
  politically , yes , it 's gone on the back burner , but the speed at which reality bites us in the ass is not determined by politics . 
  only the speed at which we dodge the bite is dictated by the pace of politics . 
  was n't it a norwegian minister ( admittedly from a pro-eu party ) who referred to norway 's relationship with the eu as `` fax diplomacy '' - that is , the norwegian government waited for the eu to fax the latest required legislation to them for them to adopt . 
   no , we have to sell it . 
  we do n't make food with that coloring , that is our choice , but by law which you seem to ignore , we can not ban something that is made in and sold in another eu country , apart from very , very rare exceptions , which do not apply to food . 
  belive us , we have tried . 
  so , if nestl\u00e9 for example decides to make something in the uk which allows it and sell it in sweden , we legally can not ban it . 
  ok , that makes more sense !, 
  well , sense in the legal sense . 
   no , the payment is not the same . 
  i can tell you . 
  first , they give more to things we ca n't even grow , like olives , sugar and wine . 
  which has nothing to do with cows , and which is matched by their difficulties in growing other subsidised produce . 
   second , they calculate thye prize of the cow on the number of trees ( !!!, 
  ! yes , odd , but that is how they do it ) which we have more , so we get less . 
  nothing about how the cow is doing . 
  in fact , from a veterinarian standpoint , our cows are better off since we have stricter animal laws . 
  not that the eu cares . 
  ... i just find this one weird . 
  can you point to relevant legislation or official faqs of some kind ? 
   third - for example the eu has constantly voted down our attempts to minmize antibiotics , since they love antibiotics ( or at least ignore todays science who speaks about restistance , how bad it is in food etc ) . 
  i 'd also need references for this one , given that denmark and holland seem to have antibiotic reduction programmes . 
   fourth , we have an exception in the regional funds , where you support rural areas , because so much of sweden is rural , that otherwise we would have been a net recipient . 
  the regional funds are n't simply for rural areas , though , but for poor areas . 
   that does not in any way answer any question . 
  please answer . 
  why should i pay for them if they do not care to change ? 
  why does n't the eu care to change an obviously inefficient system?the structural funds are not working - why keep them ? 
  is there no limit for how long we should support them ? 
  if estonia and poland can grow , wtf is wrong with the south ? 
   are you saying , with your comments about africa , that you think that the citizens of the eu should pay for greece for the foreseeable future ? 
  is that your plan . 
   you are not answering my questions you know - please start doing that . 
  i think that part of the question is that you know greece have fucked up massively , just like the eu and you do n't want to admit that i am right , they are going to bleed those funds for the foreseeable future . 
  why ca n't we change that ? 
  you do n't even seem to care , you seem to think that being part of the eu is endlessly paying for the south . 
  well , ireland can do that , i see absolutely no compelling argument why we should do that . 
  i do n't think it 's necessarily endless . 
  and i ca n't necessarily answer your questions , because some of them only you can answer . 
  i do n't have any problem at all in agreeing that greece has fucked up awesomely , and that letting greece into both the eu and the eurozone were poor decisions in purely financial terms . 
   please give me a compelling argument why we should endlessly pay for greece and why you think transferring money for them for 50 + years i totally ok while other countries can get their act together . 
  why not greece ? 
  ( lets face it , they are getting funds top 2020 , and it is hardly likee they are going to be donors by 2020 , their debt is 170 % !!!! ) . 
   and , with regards to africa - are you aware that several african economists are asking no more aid . 
  in fact , there are good theories as to why one should n't aid a country to long , because it becomes dependent on that help . 
  but - you think it is a good strategy for greece ? 
  please explain in detail why , and what would change ? 
  i do n't have a compelling argument with respect to greece , and i 'd agree your points with respect to aid and aid dependency . 
  however , aid dependency is n't a guaranteed outcome , since , as i said , ireland went from net recipient to net payer . 
  greece 's sovereign debt , as i 've already pointed out , is unrelated to ongoing eu funding . 
  countries can become net payers with high debt/gdp ratios , as italy is , for example . 
  also as i said , sweden is * not * involved in greek debt aid through the efsf or esm , because those are eurozone initiatives . 
  is continued eu payment to greece through subsidies a good strategy ? 
  overall , the answer is probably yes . 
  it 's not the same as aid to most countries - eu subsidies are much more targeted and much more overseen . 
  if they 're being targeted at things that will make a positive difference to greece ( and they were in ireland ) , then they 're worth continuing , because greece would be worse off without them . 
  and the world 's environment would be that much worse off in turn . 
  it comes down to whether you feel sufficient sympathy with the greek people to think that they deserve your assistance or not , which is something you should probably consider in the light of exactly how much assistance you actually give them , which averages about $ 20.21 / year per adult swede from 2000-2011 ( i should probably thank you at this point for the $ 4.77 per year each adult swede has contributed to ireland over the same period ) . 
  would i contribute the same amount as an adult swede to greece ? 
  sure , i have no problem with that . 
  you perhaps do , but all that would tell is the relative value of $ 20 and greece to each of us . 
  this is getting a little repetitive , and no more accurate . 
  certain food colourings such as brilliant blue and acid yellow 23 are indeed not banned under eu regulations , but as far as i can see they are still banned in sweden and other eu countries . 
  so , no , you do n't seem to be right there . 
  cap headage payments were always at the same rate for everyone , and have been or are being phased out in favour of area based payments . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're basing your claims on here - and going on your responses to date , you 're not going to tell me , either . 
  but again , you do n't seem to be right on this one either . 
  as to why payments to greece continue - because greece continues to be poor , much as most of africa does . 
  given that that means a lot of greeks live below the poverty line , i ca n't see that they 're doing it just to rob you . 
  hmm . 
  that 's a mess of straw men and black and white . 
  i ca n't see that you 've actually shown that you 're forced to lower your standards - repetition is n't proof . 
  i 'm going on swedish official sources , which state that they go beyond the eu minimums , and the eu legislation itself , which as far as i know never sets maximum limits on national environmental laws . 
  and it 's rather important to your points , since if sweden can , as it seems to me it can , go beyond eu environmental standards , then this lowering of standards to suit other eu countries is n't really happening . 
  so perhaps we need to concentrate on you actually showing it to be the case , rather than repeating it with more swearwords . 
  the other point , about greece probably not paying its debts - i 'm not sure why you 're ranting about this to me , given you 're a swede and i 'm irish . 
  sweden is n't in the efsf or esm , and ireland is - i 'm on the hook for greece 's debts , and you 're not . 
  i think you 're mixing up greece 's debts and eu funds for greece , which are two separate things . 
   also , as i have proven - the eu makes things worse for us . 
  they do not have to of course , but they choose to . 
  and , they have had the cap for decades . 
  if that is how the eu run things , - why should we settle for that ? 
  why should we settle for having a worse agricultural policy and environmental policy ? 
  please explain that ? 
  as far as i can see , you do n't . 
  the eu sets minimum standards , and sweden goes well beyond them to keep its own high standards . 
  through the eu , sweden also can push for higher standards in other european countries . 
   also , explain why we should accept being discriminated ? 
  why would we want to be in a union that does that on purpose ? 
  if the eu is so good , why does it keep on doing things like that ? 
  should we accept that ?
