  details being decided in an ongoing set of negotiations which have now been running for a couple of years . 
  contains elements which lend themselves to scaremongering , and some people are heavily opposed despite the details not having been finalised - and as you can see from the leaked documents , there 's a hell of a lot of detail . 
  benefits uncertain . 
  and , going with the unpopular comment : there was never a hope in hell of this passing . 
  for another take on it : http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/07/10/eu_copyright_fears_nixed_wikipedia/  the european parliament 's largest grouping of meps , the european people 's party group , has snuffed out a bogus copyright crusade . 
  the centre-right epp , which has 214 meps , slammed inaccurate media reports for suggesting that new copyright laws would `` break the internet '' . 
   `` there is no such eu law on the table and it is highly unlikely that there will ever be in the future either , '' the epp wrote . 
  all four main mep groupings joined together to kick out the amendment , which they passed ( without reading their own report too closely ) two weeks ago . 
  if all four main ep groups voted against it , i do n't think it was saved by the actions of a lone mep . 
  upvote for ` tendentiousness ' . 
  more a case of what we want * for * them - they 're not doing it for our benefit . 
   i guess this is more newspaper-fueled opinions . 
  go and look at the numbers , not the newspaper . 
  the greek government has done massive spending cuts , bigger than anyone else in the whole ez . 
  the greek government * needed * massive spending cuts , bigger than anyone else in the whole ez , just to bring them into a distant view of sustainability . 
  that 's what the numbers say . 
  as to reforms , this is what the imf says :  given the dismal productivity growth record of greece before the program , a number of structural reforms were seen as necessary , ranging from a reform of the tax administration , to reduced barriers to entry in many professions , to reforms of pensions , to reforms of collective bargaining , to reforms of the judicial system , etc. 
   many of these reforms were either not implemented , or not implemented on a sufficient scale . 
  efforts to improve tax collection and the payment culture failed completely . 
  there was fierce resistance to open closed sectors and professions . 
  only 5 of 12 planned imf reviews under the current program were completed , and only one has been completed since mid-2013 , because of the failure to implement reforms . 
  greece may have made massive cuts , but is has failed to change its basic situation . 
  despite the hard impact of cuts , cuts are actually the easy part - the politicians agree a number , and people below them have to stick to it because they ca n't get money that is n't there . 
  changing the greek economy so that it can survive without constant borrowing is what 's really needed , and that has n't been done . 
   thank you  that link was interesting . 
  i guess it shows that there is no consent on this issue . 
  however what i dislike is not what blanchard says , it is reasonable althought it is not backed up by numbers but rather a blog post but how politicans spin it . 
  i do n't doubt it 's backed up by the numbers available to the imf - it 's an official blog post on the imf 's website , after all . 
  i do rather like the way the imf sort of snipes sideways at the reluctance of the eu countries to lend more or take writedowns ` due to political considerations ' , while being quite clear that the imf wo n't do either of those things . 
  he means this : http://blog-imfdirect.imf.org/2015/07/09/greece-past-critiques-and-the-path-forward/?hootpostid=8299b6670cea64b9daad8b21e9a85fe7, 
   that 's how market forces work . 
  any time a private institution gets a deal better than what the market forces would have given , it 's a good deal . 
  in the same sense that handing over your wallet becomes a good deal compared to the benchmark offer of being shot , and for the same reasons . 
   so , while they did take a loss , it was much smaller than what the open market would forced them to take . 
  the only reason the market would have forced a bigger loss is because of the fear of a default or official writedown . 
   no , they did n't . 
  they took a haircut only with the second bailout , when german and french bank had already gotten rid of most of their exposure to greece . 
  they will have taken a haircut on that disposal , though . 
  nobody would have bought greek debt in 2009-2011 at face value . 
  they may even have taken a larger haircut than the official one . 
  sure . 
  thing is , though , that the argument about the relative scale of the uk contribution is primarily an internal uk debate whose focus is what the contribution costs the uk . 
  that the uk is the second largest net contributor in euros as a result of the sterling-euro exchange rate makes that ranking entirely irrelevant to the debate it 's used in . 
   yes , opposition might sound stronger in smaller countries , but guess what , their voice is also proportionally smaller . 
  not in intergovernmental arrangements where everybody has a veto . 
  everybody else 's socialists , krugman , stiglitz ... 
  could still be cote d'ivoire even so , though . 
   note that the survey is fairly biased . 
  afaics they only asked people who actively chose to take part in the yougov internet panel . 
  that makes it sound like one of those self-selecting internet ` surveys ' , which is n't the case - those are ( a ) small ; ( b ) self-selecting with respect to the question being asked ; and ( c ) demographically unrepresentative . 
  yougov 's panel selection does n't happen for the topic in question - the panel is already in place , and a representative sample is then selected randomly . 
  the panel is also very large , and demographically identified . 
  effectively , the panel is people who 've said they do n't mind being polled . 
   the dip can be partially explained by this chart . 
  kind of hard to measure the real position of the uk if it 's dependent on an exchange rate . 
   that is so monumentally stupid an idea that you can arguably call it objective for a journalist to refer to it as such . 
  this is the internet equivalence of making a law which would demand that an author is required to pay a license fee for simply mentioning the existence of other books . 
  it would completely break the way the web works . 
  and was a non-runner . 
  i guess enough meps get how the web works . 
  could be , but you ca n't get there for 2014 from the figures in the treasury report . 
  its net figures are the 2012 ones . 
  i 'm going with the register 's take :  eu squashes bogus copyright scare as red-faced guardian slaps down wiki 's wales  thing that would never happen has n't happened after all http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/07/10/eu_copyright_fears_nixed_wikipedia/, 
  that has the uk contributing 10.97 % of the eu budget , with italy contributing 12.22 % , france 16.27 % , and germany 21.26 % . 
  i 'm not sure how those figures lead you to the uk being the second largest contributor in 2014 ? 
  also , interesting to note that despite the kerfuffle in the uk over the rise in contributions , the * net * contribution fell from 2013 to 2014 . 
  but small , relatively . 
  maybe they are in the latest figures ? 
  big economy , no rebate . 
  the gdp proportion for country contributions is the same - so uk contributions go up when uk gdp grows , and the amount they 're paying in remains the same proportion . 
   so while true the haircut led to a $ 100b decrease in debt , the new loans increased the debt by $ 50b , making it essentially a $ 50b decrease . 
  the recap needed for the greek banks was factored into the decrease - it was $ 150bn without that , $ 100bn with it . 
  i make it - from the guardian 's figures : 1 . 
  germany $ 7.5 bn 2 . 
  france $ 4.9 bn 3 . 
  italy $ 4.75 bn 4 . 
  uk $ 4.7 bn biggest richest countries pay most . 
  who knew ? 
   actually that is untrue . 
  even in the pre-crisis 2008 , there was a 28bn bank recapitalization from the greek taxpayers which was about 15-20 % of greece 's gdp . 
  that 's not quite accurate - up to $ 5bn was provided in recapitalisation ( $ 3.8 bn seems to have been used ) , $ 8bn in ` special government debt instruments ' which were usable as collateral with the ecb , and $ 15bn in guarantees . 
  primarily , those are liquidity arrangements . 
   first , there is no strong correlation between whether a member state respected or not the stability and growth pact before the crisis , and the yields being demanded by financial markets today . 
  for instance , germany and france did not respect the pact in 2003-4 ; spain and ireland respected it more or less fully until 2007 . 
   second , there was no uniform increase in overall government debt during the first years of the common currency in the countries that are now under sovereign stress . 
  i would n't ever have claimed that sticking to the s&g was a measure of how fiscally responsible countries were . 
  as it says , ireland stuck to the s&g rules , but was doing so by virtue of taxing a property bubble . 
   where did the financing come from for the explosion of private debt ? 
  a particular aspect of the process of financial integration in europe after the introduction of the euro was a major increase in cross-border bank activity . 
  exposures of banks from non-stressed countries to stressed countries more than quintupled between the introduction of the euro and the beginning of the financial crisis . 
  [ . . ]  i submit that , to have a more accurate narrative for the causes of the crisis , we have to look beyond fiscal policies alone : imbalances originated mostly from rising private sector expenditures , which were in turn financed by the banking sectors of the lending and borrowing countries . 
  well , yes , that 's why it gets called a credit bubble . 
  i have n't looked at the rest of europe 's figures , but in ireland the problem was largely that the government had increasingly moved taxation to consumption taxes , receipts from which were artificially inflated by the credit bubble - i include property in that . 
  the credit bubble was only very slightly a result of the elimination of currency risk ( after all , it was widespread globally , not a specifically eurozone phenomenon ) - it was mostly a result of a prevailing belief in the financial sector that risk had been largely eliminated across the board by a combination of clever derivatives , ratings agencies , and massive cocaine consumption . 
  it 's interesting that it gets tied to the euro 's introduction . 
  the wave of bank deregulation through the nineties does n't get mentioned , although * every * wave of bank deregulation has been followed by an almighty crash . 
  unfortunately that appears to be the one lesson nobody wants to draw from the crisis . 
  a bit of a corrective on that : http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2015-07-07/how-greece-s-bank-bailout-benefited-greeks, 
  eh , that 's what parliaments do - introduce amendments and proposals that reflect the norms and intentions of the parliamentarians . 
   especially talking in terms of europe , the private debt created the crisis and consequently raised the public debt due to the states covering the losses of the banks , not the opposite .
