  you could look at the arguments being made - which boil down to ( face value of debt ) on one side , and ( face value modified by repayment conditions ) on the other , and decide which has more relevance for the sustainability of the debt burden . 
  just a suggestion . 
   falsely attributed unusually , no - this one is a matter of parliamentary record . 
  you can find it here in hansard : http://hansard.millbanksystems.com/commons/1947/nov/11/parliament-bill#column_207, 
  the us use is now the common one in english . 
  `` indeed , it has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried from time to time . '', 
  winston churchill . 
  it 's true , democracy is n't * great * , but it still beats all the other possible systems we 've ever tried . 
  i 'm pretty sure i was going to like that , but i could n't take the voiceover for more than a couple of minutes . 
  first , is it even an option ? 
  yes , maybe , to some extent . 
  obviously , there has to be some kind of arrangement for travel between the uk and eu after brexit . 
  given the majority of the eu is in schengen , it makes sense for it to be organised on the eu side at the european level . 
  true , third-country access to eu members is managed nationally , but this is kind of a new situation . 
  ireland is n't in schengen , but that 's because we already share a common travel area with the uk , and by law are not considered as foreigners in the uk under a 1948 act . 
  and maybe something similar can happen here . 
  second , is it politically possible on the eu side ? 
  if there is support in the eu parliament for it - and there is evidently some at least - then it could well happen that the parliament pushes the commission to make some kind of proposal . 
  the commission has the sole right to initiate legislation , but it 's often the council or the parliament which pushes it to do so . 
  a citizens ' initiative would also require the commission to consider the matter . 
  any proposal would have to pass the parliament and council . 
  third , is it politically possible on the uk side ? 
  less so , perhaps . 
  more likely as part of a deal , though . 
  fourth , what might it cover ? 
  most likely , i think , is a super-visa - work , residence , travel . 
  the current [ eu blue card ] ( https://www.apply.eu/ ) does that , though . 
  going beyond that we enter uncharted waters . 
   how much longer are big net contributors going to put up with eastern european takers ? 
  well , they managed to put up with us for fourty years , despite our tendency to block things . 
  deciding to dissolve the eu over payments - tiny payments compared to the size of the economies involved - would be * abysmally * stupid . 
  russia would hardly have finished rubbing its eyes in disbelief before pulling those `` eastern european takers '' back into its embrace . 
  and then instead of an eastern europe growing in prosperity and democracy at minimal cost and under their tutelage , western europe has unstable but populous satellites of an autocratic and unstable power right next to them - a whole eastern border of ukraines . 
  the former offers markets and opportunity for a tiny cost , the latter offers no opportunities at all for an extremely large cost . 
  i wo n't say that it 's so fuck-witted that it ca n't happen , given recent happenings , but i can say that anyone who * thinks * it should happen is so * utterly * fuck-witted they need a head doctor . 
  penny-wise and pound-idiotic . 
   one eu country has already decided ` fuck it , i 'm out . ', 
  an idiotic outcome which demonstrates the idiocy of giving idiots the chance to vote for idiocy . 
  sorry , i do n't think you 're making any sense there at all . 
  ceta was an all-eu deal that bulgaria and romania threatened to veto unless canada opened itself to visa-free travel for its citizens . 
  it 's not part of freedom of movement , it 's not even part of ceta , but i would think it 's obvious that if those same countries will probably oppose any move by the uk to run a ` discriminatory ' access policy with respect to eu countries , and probably do so by opposing any uk-eu deal that does n't include non-discrimination , whether as part of the deal or separate . 
  the comparison to ceta should be obvious - any eu-uk deal is almost certainly going to require individual national ratification , which means that it can be vetoed by any eu country over pretty much any outstanding issue it has with the uk . 
   visa free access is not the same as freedom of movement . 
  we 're talking about true freedom of movement in this thread . 
  sure , but the suggestion i was responding to was about visa free access for some but not all member states . 
  that wo n't fly , and it 's not * my * suggestion . 
  if it 's part of the trade deal - as visa-free access is in ceta - then undoing it is a breach of the treaty . 
  i do n't think anyone will accept it as some kind of ` good faith ' arrangement , i 'm afraid , and definitely not in return for any binding commitment from the eu !, 
  if on the other hand there 's some wriggle clause the uk manages to get , so that they can breach the spirit but not the letter , well , fair dues to the british negotiators . 
  ca n't help but feel , though , thinking of that , that the uk is over-estimating its strength as a third party based on its ability to negotiate opt-outs and special treatment while still a member . 
  equal rights does n't mean equality in every respect . 
  tbh , though , i suspect you 're just thinking about the money . 
  they 're eu member states , and either member states have equal rights , or the whole project is a lie . 
  either way , let 's be clear that you dismiss their almost certain objections and their ability to block a deal because you do n't feel they * should * object . 
  they , i suspect , will feel differently . 
   are there actually politicians who claimed that the point of europe was just about trade ? 
  as trucidator says , the uk 's politicians and media have pretty consistently maintained the position that the eu is just a trade bloc - bit more integrated than most , sure , but still . 
  obviously that rather leaves a puzzle over the role of the eu parliament and other institutions , which has generally been filled by the belief that they 're part of an entirely separate attempt to politically unify the continent and control the member states from the top down , rather than being necessary to provide democratic control of the single market . 
  so instead of an increasingly integrated european economy needing political integration to control it democratically , the uk has * always * approached it as if you could have the integrated economy on its own - which is what it 's trying to get as a brexit deal . 
  and access to canada was n't nearly as important to romania/bulgaria as access to the uk . 
  i do n't doubt that the uk would like to treat them as sort of ` second-class ' eu members , and i do n't doubt they wo n't like it or accept it . 
  i do n't think their objections can be hand-waved away as unimportant , which you seem to be doing on pretty much the same basis of their being some sort of second class countries . 
  that has made little difference with ceta , though . 
  why would it suddenly make a difference here ? 
   that 's their own right post-brexit . 
  on the other hand , ceta was blocked for a while on the question of access for romania and bulgaria . 
  they could equally well block an eu-uk deal on that basis , and i suspect have little to lose by doing so . 
  i 'd say , myself , that it 's in the interests of europe as a whole . 
   it 's opening up huge cans of worms . 
  sure , but then brexit has basically lifted the top off one of the richest seams of worms i 've seen in years . 
  this is at least a potential solution , even if cumbersome , to something . 
  after all , the british will want to go on being able to work and live in the eu-27 , and people from the eu-27 will want go on working and living in the uk . 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  a system of national visas/exemptions ? 
  that 's even more bureaucracy , surely ? 
  why not deal with it at an eu level ? 
  same for ireland . 
  centralisation of population , opportunity , wealth , political power . 
  by some measures , i think we 're the most centralised country in the eu . 
   well yeah , but they 're not going to reciprocate it though that 's the whole point of the whole hard brexit thing at the moment . 
  i would say that the language has been pretty consistently about * controlling * immigration , not eliminating it . 
  there are two sticking points in immigration , i think - ` uncontrolled ' immigration on one hand , and ` not our type of people ' on the other . 
  eu freedom of movement is mostly ok on the latter , unacceptable on the former - non-eu immigration is the reverse . 
  since this would make eu immigration ` controlled ' , it would be acceptable . 
   why does any brit who wants get to have an associate membership but everyone else has to be in a quota ? 
  27 countries as against 1 , 440m people as against 65m . 
  the uk just issues as many ` freedom of movement passes ' to the eu as the eu issues to the uk . 
  the level of issuance is driven by uk citizens - power in the hands of the people - as the smaller partner . 
   leaving aside questions of reciprocity of numbers this is exactly the type of eu a la carte that all the big leaders have said wont be happening for reasons explained at length over and over again now . 
  why should n't everyone leave and then the eu can be just for people who want it ? 
  well , because these are what you might call ` personal benefits ' of the eu rather than ` national benefits ' . 
  leaving the eu still means losing all the national benefits , so this is n't `` eu a la carte '' from the perspective of countries . 
   for me brexit will have been a good thing as a remain voter . 
  why should it not be , though ? 
  essentially , this is like a working visa to 27 countries . 
  if you 're worried about reciprocity , the uk just provides equivalent passes - they 're limiting the immigration numbers , so it 's politically possible , and there 's a quid pro quo in there . 
  puts us at 20.94 subscribers/1000 . 
  well , the electoral college does n't really add anything much to the mix , since nearly all the states throw all their electors behind whichever candidate wins the popular vote in the state - making it pretty much the equivalent of a single set fptp constituency . 
   ( idk if ireland uses it ) nope . 
  pr-stv , multi-seat constituencies , no party lists .
