    a report by pwc found ireland had one of the moat accurate tax rates compared to countries throughout europe with companies here paying closer to the rate than any other eu country ( just 0.1 % off ) unlike other countries where if it was 50 % you would be lucky . 
   yes , pwc did release this finding . 
  it was mostly dismissed by everyone else as a ) a conflict of interest ( as the luxleaks show ) b ) naive and biased and c ) not congruent with the body of research done by more independent parties which has more significance . 
  actually , the big thing about the pwc report is that it calculates the tax rates based on a fictional domestically owned company making ceramic flowerpots for the domestic market . 
  it has no application whatsoever to a us multinational booking ip profits from multiple countries to ireland and paying them out again via licensing arrangements to subsidiaries in yet further countries . 
   no i am not . 
  it would be nice not to put idiotic claims in my mouth when i said the exact opposite . 
  well , if you think this is a good measure - as you do - but you know that even good measures have to be costed and fit with greece 's circumstances - as you claim - then you can see that the problem with this measure might not be the measure itself - except you apparently do n't . 
   my argument is that , for a country in their situation , these kind of measures should be a top priority . 
  and nobody , including the troika , is arguing the opposite :  `` we fully support the objective of helping the most vulnerable and there is absolutely no question of a so-called veto of the humanitarian crisis law , '' moscovici told reporters . 
  the problem is that greece is voting stuff into law without any regard to the agreed programme , just firing stuff off piecemeal :  `` we would strongly urge having the proper policy consultations first , including consistency with reform efforts , '' costello wrote in the letter quoted in a blog by a reporter from britain 's channel 4 news . 
   `` there are several issues to be discussed and we need to do them as a coherent and comprehensive package . 
   `` doing otherwise would be proceeding unilaterally and in a piecemeal manner that is inconsistent with the commitments made , including to the eurogroup as stated in the february 20 communique , '' the letter reportedly said . 
  so , yes , sure , this is something that they should be doing , but not just as a random legislative/political brainfart . 
  if you agree a programme with the people lending to you in a crisis , you stick to it , you do n't just think random stuff up and run off to put it into law without any consultation , no matter how good - that 's not a programme . 
  we both support the measure - even the troika supports the * measure * - but it 's being done the wrong way . 
  you 're willing to support it even though it 's being done the wrong way , i 'm not . 
   in fact i do n't blame ireland , but the eu that allowed this when the creation of a single market was done . 
  when one says `` the eu allowed this '' there , the truth is actually that the eu * countries * did not decide to have a single corporation tax base , or allow the eu to require it . 
   the rich have private roads ? 
  where ? 
   i would claim that given the context that is money very well spent . 
  it should be a priority to prevent a social catastrophe . 
  in fact i would claim if anything lenders should be demanding for these kinds of measures to be implemented . 
  and i 'd repeat the point that no matter how well spent the money may be , you ca n't just wave aside the point that the greeks have enacted this measure without costing it or providing for it by budget cuts / tax rises elsewhere - and that is the problem , not the measure itself . 
  you seem to be basically insisting that if a measure is a good measure , then costing it is somehow wrong - and that ca n't work , because it * does * cost , there is n't an infinite money tree , and the greek government has to show where the money comes from for this measure - and they have n't . 
  that 's the problem . 
   continue to steal money from other countries is far better right ? 
  well , when there 's a race to the bottom , somebody wins it - and currently that 's us . 
  so although europe overall will almost certainly benefit from reducing tax arbitrage between countries , ireland does n't really expect to . 
  and tax * base * harmonisation is particularly concerning for us , since while we offer a low headline rate , and regularly point virtuously to studies that say companies do pay roughly that headline rate on their irish-taxable profits , much of our tax competitiveness is actually based on the definition of `` irish-taxable profits '' , which is exactly what ccctb would affect . 
  it 's not guaranteed , of course , that ireland would actually lose out if ccctb came in - we might actually gain , if multinationals upped their physical investment here in order to up the amount of profit taxed here - but on the other hand we might not . 
  we know we 're winning the race to the bottom at present , why would we want to change that ? 
  how is that double-speak ? 
  it makes a couple of points , and i do n't think either of those points is any kind of weaselling : 1 . 
  i doubt they have any issue with the measure itself - yes , i just doubt they do . 
  i would think their issues are with how the measure is to be paid for . 
  because what the greeks want to do , no matter how sensible or good or lovely or whatever , * has to be paid for * . 
  it seems to me that you 're arguing that if a measure is worthy in itself , then we should ignore the question of * how * it 's to be paid for . 
  i 'm irish , we 've been through this process with the troika . 
  our government reprioritised things in the programme for government agreed with the troika , and that was fine , because they showed that if they spent extra * here * , they spent less or took in more * there * , without changing the overall spending envelope . 
  the problem here is not the measures syriza want , but that they 're not balancing those extra spending measures out . 
  that 's not doublespeak , it 's very simple - you ca n't keep saying `` oh , this idea is good one , so it does n't matter what it costs '' unless you have access to an infinite money tree . 
   and when this kind of measures create tension with troika , i think that 's a sign that something is very wrong within the union . 
  i doubt the troika has any problem with the measure itself - but where does the money come from for the measure ? 
  the markets wo n't lend to greece , which means that if greece borrows , it borrows from the taxpayers of other eu countries , and those taxpayers , if they 're going to have debt racked up against them , would probably prefer to rack up the debt on their own account , or at the very least would want to know that their money was n't being spent casually . 
  what 's right with the union is that the other countries are lending greece what it needs to borrow at close to cost when the markets will only lend at huge rates - but it would n't be right for greece to treat that as a blank cheque , because it comes ultimately from other countries ' taxpayers . 
   besides , i do n't get how any treaty like this could ever be agreed upon . 
  you could , as a country , never change any standards again without changing the entire treaty ? 
  or am i seeing this wrong ? 
  as you say , no country would sign such a thing - and ttip is n't such a thing , because no country would sign it . 
  ttip does n't mean the eu and us ca n't change standards ever again , it does n't even mean that they have to agree standards between them before they can change them - it commits them to trying to harmonise standards by looking for and aiming for compatibility where possible . 
  isds is a mechanism in 1300 current free trade treaties signed by eu countries since 1959 . 
  it has n't yet brought the world to an end , and the version proposed for ttip is a huge transparency upgrade of the existing versions of isds . 
  this is just the first people have heard of any of this , because previously such treaties were negotiated at the national level in a * lot * more secrecy . 
  that 's not what 's being claimed , except by the op . 
  corporations do n't have privileged access to ttip documents . 
  nor have the ngos been given no explanation - they have disagreed with the explanation they 've been given . 
   but ignoring that , the banking sector accounts for , i think just under 12 % of our gdp i do n't think that 's a point that in any way contradicts the idea that the sector may be successful partly due to ` corruption ' in the sense of having excessive access to politicians and legislation . 
  i guess you could say that the access is n't excessive given their importance to the economy , but a close relationship between the financial sector and politicians has also tended to produce results that have not been to the benefit of the general public , which can be called a corruption of the purposes of democratic representation . 
  here 's the google translate english version : https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=fr&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.euractiv.fr%2fsections%2fcommerce-industrie%2fla-commission-risque-une-enquete-sur-lopacite-des-negociations-du-ttip&amp;edit-text= ( edit : or see contec 's link : http://www.euractiv.com/sections/trade-society/commission-faces-maladministration-probe-over-ttip-secrecy-311749 ) here 's the complaint by the ngos : http://www.euractiv.com/files/complaint_ombudsman_on_ttip_2015_2.pdf neither the complaint by the ngos , nor the article , makes the claim that corporations have access to these documents when the ngos do not . 
  the people who have access outside the commission are meps . 
  nor is the ombudsman to `` sue the commission in the courts '' - she is to open a standard investigation . 
  sure - a combination of propaganda , an influx of approving russians , and an outflow of dissenters is going to firm up the positive attitudes . 
  i daresay china could show a majority in tibet approving chinese occupation , come to that . 
  this is the poll : http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/08/despite-concerns-about-governance-ukrainians-want-to-remain-one-country/ it does say what the article claims about crimea :  for their part , crimeans seem content with their annexation by russia . 
  overwhelming majorities say the march 16th referendum was free and fair ( 91 % ) and that the government in kyiv ought to recognize the results of the vote ( 88 % ) . 
  you do have to read down a fair bit to find that point , and outside crimea , perhaps unsurprisingly , ukrainians are opposed both to the idea of breakaway regions and russian intervention . 
  i do n't see much point in trying to argue the point away by claiming pew is biased - it seems intrinsically quite likely , and without local popular support , the russian intervention would have been militarily and politically unlikely in the first place . 
  i find the very much smaller exercise in dec 2014 interesting . 
   i do n't understand the last argument . 
  when i travel abroad changing currencies does n't really bother me since i usually pay with card anyways . 
  it 's not the physical changing of currency ( although that can be a pain ) , it 's more the mentally repricing everything . 
  it just adds a layer of extra cognitive effort to everyday things - and people are going on holiday to relax , not to do constant mental arithmetic . 
  someone forgot the stake !, 
  like luxembourg . 
   i guess people will always defend the status quo . 
  well , here 's a funny thing - i would n't defend the status quo . 
  capitalism has a variety of very deep problems , currently made worse by the utterly idiotic belief that markets are self-stabilising and all-knowing . 
  but the fact that the status quo - as managed largely according to the tenets of current mainstream economics - is broken , does not mean that one can simply grab at anything that says a particular * bit * of the status quo is broken . 
   because that 's how economics works . 
  there 's one guy responsible for writing about monetary unions . 
  writes some stuff , then he writes some more stuff and that new stuff means the euro is fine and dandy . 
  not really , but the obverse argument is more or less that a guy wrote that you could n't have a currency union without a fiscal union , and `` common knowledge '' is then based on that . 
   `` nobody bothered to really find out '' because no monetary union has existed in the long term without a fiscal union . 
  you ca n't really just ignore that . 
  nothing like the eu has ever existed either . 
  admittedly , that does make a lot of people think it ca n't last . 
  the argument `` it 's never worked/been done before , so it ca n't possibly work/be done now '' has always been a popular one . 
  just not a very good one . 
   the article uses dishonest arguments like `` if us states can share a currency , so can euro states '' which ignores the entirety of literature on currency unions and this , in turn , is an argument which assumes that everything that 's written about currency unions says that you ca n't have one without fiscal union , which is not the case . 
  the guy who originally wrote about currency unions wrote on , and what he wrote later ( about how currency unions without fiscal or political unions work ) applies to the eurozone rather better than his earlier work , possibly because he was thinking about currency unions like the euro . 
  the author is correct to say that the idea that you ca n't have a currency union without a fiscal union is one of those `` everybody knows , nobody 's bothered to really find out '' points that drive the grexit narrative . 
  greece 's problems are not the result of the euro , they 're the result of greece 's policy decisions over the years . 
  not just eastern europe , although i would think they 're concentrating there . 
  several irish twitter accounts i used to follow appear to have been taken over by russian outlets , also putting out straight russian propaganda . 
   so we have some european nations who do everything to pay off their debt , to change their lifestyle , to work had - ask portugal , spain , ireland etc. 
  to be fair , our government did a fairly good job of resisting reforms . 
  just , you know , more * quietly * . 
  i 'm not sure 90-year old germans are such a big part of the market .
