  the market is a good servant , but a blind master . 
   it 's better to not ever need one and have it , rather than not have one and need it onece . 
  an argument that leads to everyone needing them because everyone has one . 
   an elected parlementarian has a political agenda ? 
  and people swallow it uncritically , apparently . 
  the pirate party is not some kind of ` guardian of the internet ' . 
  their political agenda includes trying to ensure that the internet is as copyright-free as possible . 
  so what reda chooses to represent as an `` attack on the hyperlink '' is n't one - it 's an attachment of copyright to the use of content summaries derived from copyright content . 
  reda represents it as an `` attack on the hyperlink '' because that 's more likely to get people to sign the petition to prevent copyright creep . 
  if that 's something one agrees with anyway , that 's fine , but reda is being either dishonest or ignorant by claiming it 's an attack on the hyperlink . 
   well , as long as linking to it is still free ( legal and gratis ) to do so . 
  it 's well worth reda being disingenuous , apparently . 
   yes , it is . 
  julia reda 's opinion on such matters is worth diddley-squat . 
  her political agenda is , i would have said , obvious . 
  the confusion does n't seem to have been avoided :  confusion should be avoided between the public pan european 112 ecall that is proposed by the ec - and will be free of charge - and other private road safety systems ( possibly resembling ecall ) that are , or will be possibly offered under a subscription by private operators in combination with other value added services ( e.g. 
  vehicle repair after break-down or insurance ) . 
  that is , the public ecall system , which is mandatory , will not continuously track their location , monitor their driving habits etc. 
  similar private systems , which you would buy or otherwise voluntarily obtain , * may * do those things . 
  if that were the end goal , then i suppose so . 
  but there is no `` end goal '' for the eu as such , and i 'm not sure why people believe there should be . 
  what 's the `` end goal '' of any national government ? 
  the eu has no competence on tax ( apart from vat and special tax deals for companies ) , and the eu as an institution has never commented on irish tax rates . 
  when people say `` the eu '' wants to change ireland 's tax rates , they actually mean the other member states , not the commission or any other eu body . 
   somehow i do n't believe you believe decss is a `` criminal tool '' . 
   maybe you just have a way of debating things that evades me . 
  personally , i certainly do n't see it as a criminal tool , because like you i disagree with drm - but what we were debating was n't whether drm was a good law or not , but whether legal liability should apply to hyperlinks . 
  in the situation you cited , of having to remove hyperlinks because they linked to decss software or be liable , i 'm not concerned with whether such software * should * be illegal , but only with the fact that it * was * illegal , because the point under discussion was the hyperlink , not the decss software . 
  so i just treated the criminality of decss software as a given . 
  referring to it as `` criminal software '' does n't reflect my opinion , but only the state of law in the jurisdiction of the situation you cited . 
   i do n't know . 
  i 've seen contradictory outcomes in sweden , germany and the u.s. , the latter seems particularly ideologically susceptible to berners-lee 's reasoning from the 1st amendment , which i wish was a worldwide constitutional right , rather than just an american one . 
  even in the us , the 1st amendment only covers the hyperlink as speech , not as action , and courts there have usually drawn that distinction . 
   you rely on dr. stephan ott : no , he 's just a single source . 
  the case law has become reasonably extensive since the days of the shetland times . 
  it varies by jurisdiction , but there 's no jurisdiction as far as i know that ever simply followed the berners-lee ideal . 
   but again , i never argued hyperlinking to ( illegally hosted ) copyrighted material was legal according to most courts worldwide . 
  i do n't really know . 
  i do n't recall i ever said you did . 
  like i said , i had n't got into discussing copyright . 
   i argued ( from the beginning ) that allowing legal action against hyperlinkers is wrong . 
  yes , and that 's where our fundamental disagreement is . 
  as said , i do n't see anything in the hyperlink that either does or should somehow protect you from legal liability - and i do n't see that such a position is any kind of `` attack '' on the hyperlink itself , or something that somehow endangers the use of hyperlinks . 
  it 's an attack on a particular view of what the hyperlink should mean legally , but that 's not the same thing . 
   well , i 'm not sure where this discussion is going anyway . 
  we seem to be discussing two different things , and i think a good deal of what you 're taking issue with is to do either with things i 'm not arguing , or with points where i 'm using the legal status quo . 
  in the latter case , you keep assuming that i also * support * the status quo , which is n't necessarily the case . 
  despite that , we do have a fundamental point of disagreement , and one on which i am quite satisfactorily villainous , i think . 
   in the end , until there is a better solution , i go with the proper way to do things , which is to bring legal action to actual hosters of copyrighted content . 
  we were n't discussing copyrighted content as such , but criminal content . 
  and hosting copyright content is not necessarily either wrong or illegal , come to that . 
   you disagree with this , you want to expand this where this has not already been expanded in the legal sense ( it varies per country ) , i do n't . 
  i do n't disagree with it , and i 'm not looking for it to be expanded . 
  you 're mistaking recognition of the status quo for support of it . 
   and i very much detest the qualification of e.g. 
  decss as a `` criminal tool '' , but that is yet another discussion . 
  that 's how it was legally characterised in the jurisdiction of your case at the time of your case . 
  that does n't mean i regard the characterisation as right , or that i 'm arguing on the basis of it being right . 
  all i have argued - consistently , for all that you have not found it so - is that a hyperlink does not of itself protect you from legal liability for actions that are illegal . 
  what courts have found is that a hyperlink is or can be two things - it is speech , which imparts no legal liability and is usually protected , and it is action , which does impart legal liability and is not protected . 
  all of berners-lee 's comments on hyperlinks deal only with the first part - all of his analogies are based on the hyperlink as speech - making them largely irrelevant to the legal liability imparted by the second . 
  that is not an attack on the hyperlink - it does n't prevent its general use or impart any kind of general legal taint to it , let alone opening it up to licensing or the 101 things people get excited about . 
  it does , admittedly , mean the hyperlink falls short of being a component of techno-utopianism - something that by its very nature bestows freedom on what it touches . 
  that is something it could only be true within an internet that remained free of mere grubby commerce , and that 's not the internet we have . 
  once the internet , and the hyperlink , began to affect people 's livelihoods , it immediately and properly lost the innocence berners-lee would like to keep for it . 
  so i 'd say the fundamental difference between us is that you would apply berners-lee 's views on the hyperlink to all hyperlinks in all situations , and i would regard his views as of limited applicability outside an academic setting . 
  it 's true that the courts tend to the same view as me , but it 's not because they ( or i ) lack technical knowledge - it 's that they have to deal with real consequences of hyperlnk usage , and do not consider the berners-lee ideals as delivering justice or equity in many situations . 
   it 's the basic principle of the proposal . 
  it really is n't , but i know my chances of persuading you of that are slim to none . 
   that was actually actually the point under contention since the start . 
  sorry ... just to be clear here - you 're saying that whether drm circumvention software should be illegal was the point of the discussion ? 
  not the discussion i was having !, 
   ... that is illegal in some jurisdictions , which highlights how international opinions differ on this matter , and how it is far from a fact that it is illegal depending on where you are , and certainly not immoral . 
  it does n't matter how good or bad this law is , because it 's not the point under contention . 
   no , not really . 
  it is n't `` irrelevant to the facts '' at all . 
  it is in fact the very core of the discussion . 
  no , it 's an entirely different discussion . 
  i 'm not arguing about whether what you linked to should or should not be illegal , or even whether it is or was definitely illegal . 
  my point was that as long as someone is providing access to something that 's illegal , the fact that they 're using a hyperlink is irrelevant . 
   like an academic paper cites sources , as explained by berners-lee . 
  and as disagreed with by others . 
  berners-lee is not a jurist , but ( in this case ) an idealist . 
  his views are entirely appropriate to academia , but their extension beyond academia without modification is excessive idealism . 
  providing access to illegal material is * not * like a citation in a scientific paper , except where it * is * a citation in a scientific paper . 
   you say : `` it is a statement of fact about the case in question . '', 
  ... no , it 's not . 
  besides being cheap rhetoric , which was my actual opinion , which you are again skirting , it 's also false , and i 'm not going to repeat myself again on this matter . 
  oh come on - you can have your own opinions , but not your own facts . 
  if you 're linking to software that does nothing but break/circumvent drm , that software has as its sole purpose something that is illegal , and by linking to it you are providing access to it . 
  those are facts , not opinion . 
  your opinion is that the law is wrong , which is irrelevant to the facts . 
  everything else you say is frankly just hyperbolic rhetoric that rests on ignorance/rejection of that basic point . 
  the hyperlink , however noble its purpose , and however defensible its existence , is not a shield against legal liability . 
  freedom to link , like any freedom , is not freedom from responsibility , because it is not freedom from consequences . 
  the internet is not a utopia separate from the rest of the world , in which theory can or should prevail over reality . 
   he is the inventor of the technology , and is an authority on the subject . 
  what he 's talking about is not relevant to your case . 
  i espouse the same principles as berners-lee , and would happily defend the right to hyperlink from attack , but can not defend the idiocy of believing that such a right shields you from legal liability . 
  similarly , i would support your right to free speech , and the right , therefore , to call for crimes to be committed , but would regard it as naive to the point of idiocy for anyone to believe that such a right prevents them having any liability for crimes committed as a result .
