   so , in this case , the matter revolves around linking to so-called `` copyright protection circumvention technologies '' . 
  and that is not an attempt to make the hyperlink illegal in any sense !, 
  what is at issue there is whether , by linking to software the use of which itself was possibly illegal , you were encouraging people to commit crimes . 
  that is similar , in principle rather than gravity of course , to a situation where you choose to carry people by bus to the scene of a riot in order for them to join in . 
  rioting being an offence , you would be encouraging and facilitating the commission of offences . 
  but surely nobody would view that as an attack on the use of buses - which would in that scenario have the same role as the hyperlink in yours . 
   a hyperlink should never be forbidden . 
  if somebody hosts copyrighted material contrary to copyright law , the proper authorities should take the actual hoster to court . 
  that 's how it worked , before a system was introduced were a mere external reference was included in jurispridence and law as a violation . 
  i 'm not aware that hyperlinks have ever been forbidden , nor does the proposed legislation forbid them , or even make them subject to copyright . 
  it covers , instead , the use of summaries of the content at the end of the hyperlink . 
   many bad it-related laws have been enacted and subsequently defended by copyright lobbyists who have no clue about the history , the purpose , the structure and the very core of the concept `` internet '' . 
  that does n't mean that copyright law applying to the internet is always necessarily bad , although that view has certainly become entrenched as a `` law of nature '' - and is natural to those who lobby for a copyright-free internet . 
  the internet is not , however , the measure of all things , nor a source of content in itself . 
   the product of the news media companies is n't google news . 
  that 's why it 's called google news and not the news media companies news . 
  google do n't produce that news . 
  it would be somewhat more accurate , in fact , if it were called the news media companies news , since that 's where the actual content is from . 
   the `` product '' the news media are asking the government to create is text snippets , which so far is n't a product at all . 
  it 's free for everyone `` free for everyone '' does not mean something is n't a product !, 
  it 's just a free product . 
  and google can afford to give away the text snippets for free , because they do n't produce the content and it currently costs them nothing . 
  but what google are giving away as a free product is n't their content . 
  it 's the news media 's , and it was n't free for them to produce it . 
  if there were no news media , google news could not exist . 
  the reverse is not the case . 
  it 's not creating a product for them out of thin air . 
  the product already exists - google news - and uses their content for free . 
  the product could exist in two other ways - either titles only , no content summary ; or titles , and content summary with fee . 
  the former version has not been tried . 
  google 's tactic in resisting the latter version was to withdraw the product entirely - which is of course a legitimate move . 
  the complete withdrawal of google news is , however , not an adequate test of possible alternative arrangements , particularly given the short timeframe involved . 
   the term `` rent-seeking behavior '' is overused in the context of copyright , but yeah - that 's just blatant rent seeking . 
  ok , the reason i 'd argue against the charge of `` rent-seeking '' ( while i 'm here as diabolus advocati ) is that it suggests/implies a situation where the rentier seeks only to benefit from properties to which it contributes little of nothing of value . 
  that 's not the case here . 
  old media remain the primary producers of content at any level beyond the vapid/personal . 
  their ability to produce such content is dependent on their making money from the production of that content . 
  i do n't object in principle to the idea that they should seek to use ip laws to do so - it * is * their content , they produced it , not google news . 
  google news and other aggregators , however useful they may be to us as free services , do not have any intrinsic right to existence either . 
  the article suffers from the usual unnecessary confusion between `` the eu '' as an institution and `` the eu '' as the member state governments . 
   the eu knows that it can not maintain its fiction of being a `` global leader '' in the fight against global warming while it pushes ahead with a new generation of climate-hostile free trade deals . 
  i 'm not sure its position is fictitious - it 's not doing enough , but what large body is doing more ? 
   google removed the summaries in spain and traffic to the sites plummeted . 
  no , google closed google news spain and removed spanish media from google news : http://googlepolicyeurope.blogspot.ie/2014/12/an-update-on-google-news-in-spain.html that 's a whole different thing , and does n't support the argument that removing summaries by themselves damages traffic . 
  google did n't try that option - which is fair enough , since google prefers to use the summaries . 
   disagree . 
  if you ignore greedy news media companies being greedy , the situation is very stable as it is . 
  i 'm not sure whether it 's greed so much as panic . 
  certainly in ireland , where we have traditionally been huge news consumers , none of the newspapers have yet managed to turn a profit online , but online is eating their offline profits and circulation anyway . 
  and sure , nobody has a * right * to stay in business , but there 's an issue here , which is that nobody has replaced newspapers as actual news reporters - citizen journalism is a busted flush . 
  it seems to me that the argument is that a lot of the time people do n't want more than the summary . 
   you can choose which subdirectories you open to crawlers , and which not . 
  yes , that 's possible . 
  that does n't allow you to allow crawlers access to article titles but not article content for summaries , which is the `` having your cake and eating it '' you were suggesting . 
   if every link is subject to a fee or permission , that might as well be the result . 
  there 's no question of that . 
  that version is either pure hysteria or cynical scaremongering . 
   the more likely result is of course that they 'll be delisted from google and come back begging to be put on again . 
  ok , but i 'm not talking about links , while google delisting results is primarily a tactic . 
   robots.txt gives that option . 
  not that i 'm aware of - you seem to be saying there 's a capability in robots.txt for allowing crawlers access to only an article title but not the content , and i do n't think that 's the case . 
  you can bar access to article pages entirely , certainly ( depending on your site structure ) , but that 's the level robots.txt operates at - the whole document level . 
   that alone illustrates in whose interests this legislation is proposed . 
  the legislation does n't propose a web without aggregators . 
   services like google news drive shitloads of viewers to them , and they know it . 
  and would do so even if such services offered less of a summary , or even no summary . 
  whether they 'd drive more or less that way is n't a simple question - it depends on the balance of people 's preferences . 
  it also seems to me that if most people , like me , are less happy to click to read an article based on just a title than on a title plus summary , then it will always be the case that whichever publisher allows aggregators to publish full summaries will have a competitive advantage . 
  as such , this is a situation which has no stable solution . 
   of course , that means a lot less google hits , but you ca n't have your cake and eat it too ... 
  they well , you can , but not by that method . 
  media would prefer , i presume , that aggregators index their articles and link to them , but not offer summaries , or at least not summaries that are sufficient in themselves . 
  obviously , a web without aggregators would be highly inconvenient for most of us , but not , equally obviously , for the branded media , who would thereby resume their old position as news gatekeepers . 
   as i read it the republic of ireland does n't claim northern ireland not at this stage - we agreed to give up the claim as part of the good friday agreement . 
  at the time the uk entered the eu , however , that claim was part of our constitution . 
   it does n't , it 's quite clear , the news media just do n't like it because the current status means that they do n't get paid for the privilege of getting free advertisement . 
  to be fair , it 's not always/necessarily a case of `` getting free advertisement '' . 
  the aggregated content , if sufficiently detailed , serves for many people in place of the content rather than just as a pointer to it . 
  so there 's a balance between the `` access to content '' aspect of aggregation and the `` replacement of content '' aspect , and that 's exactly what 's under discussion . 
  reposting from the previous thread on the same topic : as far as i can see , the relevant part of the commission communication on this is :  from a copyright perspective , an important aspect is the definition of the rights of communication to the public and of making available . 
  these rights govern the use of copyright-protected content in digital transmissions . 
  their definition therefore determines what constitutes an act on the internet over which creators and the creative industries can claim rights and can negotiate licences and remuneration . 
  there are contentious grey areas and uncertainty about the way these concepts are defined in eu law , in particular about which online acts are considered ` communication to the public ' ( and therefore require authorisation by right holders ) , and under what conditions . 
  these questions create on the one hand uncertainty in the market and , on the other , put into question the ability of these rights to transpose into the online world the basic principle of copyright that acts of exploitation need to be authorised and remunerated . 
  the commission is saying that what needs clarification is what constitutes re-publication of content and what constitutes simply helping people get access to it . 
  a simple hyperlink is very clearly the latter , and has been judged so repeatedly in various courts . 
  what is at issue is whether aggregation and summary services are really just links to content , or are a re-publication of content in themselves , either directly or as a derivative work . 
  that does affect news aggregation and search services , but it is not an attack on the hyperlink itself . 
  either the people behind savethelink.org do n't grasp that , or they grasp it perfectly well , and the hysteria over `` they 're attacking the hyperlink !!! '', 
  is cynically intended to get people to fight a quite different application of copyright online . 
  given the high ratio of hysteria to fact here , i suspect the latter - this seems to me to be a pirate party style push against copyright application to any online content . 
  but which wo n't be antibiotic resistant strains . 
   there also was n't massive population influx in order to legitimise the north . 
  not to say settlement did n't happen , but it was a historical event and not a purposeful one to justify a puppet state . 
  well ... yes and no ? 
  it was a historical one , to help create a loyal state at the time ( they were n't so big on ` justify ' back then ) . 
   last time i checked they did n't . 
  no , i 've been corrected on that , but the northern cypriots prefer the current situation to reuniting on terms set by the south . 
   so what are you advocating here , that the northern island unites with the roi on the basis of location ? 
  i 'm not advocating anything at all .
