  i would say that in nearly every century that was undoubtedly claimed by those it benefited , but it 's hard to think , nevertheless , of centuries in which it was actually true across the board . 
   but `` western medicine '' is just medicine that works . 
  it happens to be western because the west had a technological head start , and so discovered most of the medicine that works first . 
  but there 's nothing culturally western about it ; there 's nothing christian or greco-roman about using penicillin to deal with a bacterial infection . 
  indeed , `` western medicine '' replaced the traditional medicine of europe -- hippocrates ' four humors -- before it started threatening the traditional medicines of china or india . 
  so-called `` western medicine '' is an inhuman perfect construct from beyond the void , summoned by westerners , which ate traditional western medicine first and is now proceeding to eat the rest of the world . 
  this is , i hate to say , very poorly informed . 
  western medicine is cartesian - that is , treats the body as a machine which can fail in parts - and the philosophy underpinning it is very much western . 
  similarly , ascribing its superior effectiveness to the west having a `` technological head start '' misses another massive point , which is that the west had a technological head start because of our philosophical and social traditions . 
  the west has never accepted the idea of an unchanging social or intellectual order , but has always ( at least since the greek city states ) seen society as something that can be experimented on - there was never an equivalent elsewhere to the oligarch-democrat division in greece , or philosophers whose interest was * forms * of government as opposed to the practice of government . 
  that ability to question , even the compulsion to question , received truth , and to treat the world as a comprehensible subject for analysis and improvement , is very western . 
  there is no mandate of heaven in western society , no unchanging verities that nobody can question - we had the inquisition * because * people did n't stop questioning . 
  and yes , that has led us somewhere where - having questioned all the cosmic truths and found them often lacking in some way , and having treated humans and their society as something like machinery , to be changed and patched - our culture can seem to be lacking an inner core of spiritual truth , can seem merely ` efficient ' and a bit soulless . 
  and yes , we run the risk of treating ourselves and our society ( and our environment ) too much like machinery , and the more ` spiritual ' cultures of others can seem like a warm blanket of timeless and human comfort against that mechanical pursuit of efficiency and change . 
  but efficiency has never had to mean inhumanity ( although it has sometimes done ) , and timelessness is exactly what western culture is not about , because timeless truths prevent questioning and change , which are the real core of western culture . 
   why does the council have to nominate him . 
  because the eu is a servant to its member states . 
   to me it just looks a protective tool against `` grassroot '' nomination . 
  it is , or rather was - the member states did not intend that the eu could be used as someone else 's platform . 
  however , it has to be said that the parliament managed something of a coup in 2014 by putting up their own candidates and essentially forcing the council to nominate their chosen candidate . 
  juncker was n't put forward as a candidate by the council before the parliamentary elections . 
  he was put up as the parliament 's choice , and the council accepted the parliament 's ability to enforce their choice . 
  only the uk refused . 
  so while * de juro * the council still holds the nominating power , * de facto * the parliament now has it . 
   especially considering the comissions brings all legislation to the parliament which is another non democratic idea for me . 
  the eu is only supposed to produce legislation where a european solution is really * required * , and such legislation can be struck down afterwards on the basis that it is not . 
  the council can not initiate legislation to prevent it putting forward legislation that favours particular member states . 
  the parliament can not do so to prevent meps from putting forward masses of legislation that is n't needed or even possible under the treaties - that it would do so can be seen by the large number of ` resolutions ' meps put forward that have nothing to do with what the eu can do . 
  so the commission is the gatekeeper , and only puts forward proposals where it 's sure these are needed and allowable - it can be requested to do so , of course , by the council , or the parliament , or by citizens ' initiative . 
  that makes it a conservative body whose basic assumption is that the member states are doing fine without it . 
   not the same . 
  the party that was elected with known leaders put them as pm . 
  first point - gordon brown , theresa may . 
  one might claim that brown was an obvious successor to blair , but may definitely was n't any kind of obvious successor to cameron . 
  second point - the various ep groupings put forward their preferred candidates for the commission presidency at the time of the ep elections , and the parliament made it clear that the member states not selecting the candidate of the largest group would mean that the commission would not get voted into office . 
  so theresa may , who could well be uk pm for the next 4 years , is second derivative , while juncker is first derivative , to use your terms . 
  i guess many people , including perhaps the journalist , were n't around for the seventies and early eighties . 
  or , these days , a five second read of a comments section . 
   article 112 this is article 112 :  1 . 
  if serious economic , societal or environmental difficulties of a sectorial or regional nature liable to persist are arising , a contracting party may unilaterally take appropriate measures under the conditions and procedures laid down in article 113 . 
  such safeguard measures shall be restricted with regard to their scope and duration to what is strictly necessary in order to remedy the situation . 
  priority shall be given to such measures as will least disturb the functioning of this agreement . 
  this does n't constitute the right to take such measures `` because we feel like it '' . 
  if the uk 's situation of not * wanting * freedom of movement can be characterised as '' serious economic , societal or environmental difficulties '' , then the phrase can be applied at will by anybody . 
  norway has full freedom of movement with the eu , and freedom of movement is one of the core tenets of the eea/efta :  the free movement of persons is one of the core rights guaranteed in the european economic area ( eea ) , the extended internal market which unites all the eu member states and three eea efta states -- iceland , liechtenstein and norway . 
  it is perhaps the most important right for individuals , as it gives citizens of the 30 eea countries the opportunity to live , work , establish business and study in any of these countries . 
  http://www.efta.int/eea/policy-areas/persons a google search would have given you this information in under a minute . 
   there is nothing the eu can do . 
  its written into the eea that you can opt out of freedom of movement . 
  that 's both incorrect and irrelevant . 
   explain to me how this man managed to hold on to a job as columnist for the telegraph  delusions i 'm not seeing the problem ? 
  it 's true - there 's currently nothing stopping juncker from forging the one ring in the fires of mount etna and turning all the national heads of government in the eu into nazgul . 
  the next eu treaty should clearly rule out such a possibility . 
   and they might try to bribe or influence officials in their governments to push for chapters and articles that benefit them . 
  they could also , much more easily and a good deal more legally , pay for astroturf campaigns to put public pressure on negotiations . 
  the negotiators would then have to be seen to be responsive to the public pressure , and the trade deal rapidly becomes a mess of red lines and concessions to those with pockets deep enough to fund such campaigns . 
   it 's alright to suppress surplus products . 
  otherwise , the price would get too low thus farmers ' profits would be too low . 
  that would cause small farmers to go bankrupt and large farmers to accumulate debt . 
  it 's not just this - it 's also the fact that agriculture as a form of production has large lag times , particularly in slow-growing ` crops ' , large external forces , and large geographical constraints , so it 's not as well served by market mechanisms . 
  a good season for dairy production does n't correlate with a good period for dairy consumption , and a dairy farmer can not rapidly shift to something else , even if the something else were possible with the land he has . 
  upvoted not solely on the basis of knowledge , but also because the word ` cadastral ' just does n't get used enough !, 
  it 's an interesting point that you do n't need eu harmonisation because the world financial industry is so globalised already . 
  fairly much . 
  used to fly in and out of bergen quite a lot - colder in winter , not as warm in summer . 
  more scottish than irish , really . 
  cap is over 40 % of the eu 's budget . 
  eu administration , including all the salaries , is 6 % . 
  and you 've left with people who also knew about it :  eu member state governments were also apparently aware of possible emissions manipulation well before the vw scandal hit the headlines . 
  in may 2012 , a commission official sent an email to relevant ministries in several eu countries , including the british , french and german environment ministries , describing a meeting of the real driving emissions of light-duty vehicles ( rde-ldv ) working group . 
   isds as envisioned in ttip so far would have no apparent limits in subject matter or scope , those matters covered by the treaties only . 
  first part of defending any isds case is claiming the matter under consideration is outside the scope of the relevant treaty . 
   puts companies on the same level of importance as persons hardly . 
  the ehcr , for example , issues a judgement that someone 's human rights have been infringed , creates a general precedent to be followed by all ehcr signatories , and levies fines until the injustice is corrected . 
  isds panels provide a resolution only in a specific case , do not create any precedent by doing so , set the level of compensation on a once-off basis , and overturn no laws . 
   and would be unaccountable because of its transient nature and lack of guardian institution . 
  it 's transient because it 's a process - arbitration between two parties - not a court that creates precedent . 
  it 's accountability is in its process , as for any arbitration system . 
  you are confusing it with a court . 
   do note that the echr already awarded damages to shareholders whose shares were appropriated in russia . 
  well , they awarded them ` just compensation ' of $ 1.87 bn for the infringement of their human rights , which is the ambit of that court . 
  given the amount of material losses suffered , the award can hardly be described as `` working very well to protect investor rights '' . 
   more would be overkill , and an unnecessary expansion of the power of corporate entities over democratic states . 
  one can see it instead as a reduction of the * arbitrary * power of states over corporate entities . 
  the ` arbitrary ' element is a very important part , since isds cases hinge on that point . 
  that 's why philip morris lost their case , because plain packaging is a law undertaken not for arbitrary reasons , but as a public good , and therefore the expropriation of invested brand value that pmi undoubtedly suffered was irrelevant . 
   because your claim that the only definition of legal chill is legislation not happening is demonstrably false `` demonstrably false '' would require and allow you to demonstrate that it 's false , by providing evidence that anyone else means `` delay '' when they say `` prevent '' . 
  you have n't done so . 
  what you 've done is pull out a dictionary and claim that because `` prevent '' can be used in the sense of `` delay '' - when a period is defined - authors using the word `` prevent '' really also mean `` delay '' , even though they do n't say so , do n't indicate a period , and do n't include delay as a measure in trying to measure the chilling effect . 
  i 'm sorry , but your inability to accept that your argument is rubbish is getting very boring . 
  you really ca n't win this by just repeating your claim over and over - that 's a tactic for advertising , not debate . 
  nor by insisting that i 've `` admitted '' that it 's true , because i 'm obviously right here , obviously saying it 's not true . 
  to further refine things , let 's be entirely clear where the point of disagreement is , and how it is that we have a disagreement . 
  * the word `` prevent '' * can * be used to mean delay i agree that this is true , but : * for prevent to be used in the sense of delay , it * has * to be coupled with a definite duration , as in `` x minutes '' or `` during event x '' , either explicitly or implicitly * used without a duration , prevent means `` indefinitely '' , which is * not * the same as `` delay '' any more so : * when someone says that something is `` prevented '' , and does not add any duration term , they do not mean `` delay by some definite period of time '' . 
  they mean that whatever has been prevented is not now going to happen , as far as we can foresee the future . 
  they mean that whatever was prevented has now been abandoned , with no plan to resume it . 
  and : * no author talking about the chilling effect uses `` prevents '' with a duration . 
  they all use it in the indefinite sense . 
  you have n't been able to show any studies that do otherwise . 
  * even though delays can be attributed to isds , no author uses those delays as part of the `` chilling effect '' - or , at least , you have n't been able to show any that do so but : * you wish to claim that because `` prevent '' can mean `` delay '' when used with a duration , it always means the same as `` delay '' even when not used with a duration , so that where studies define regulatory chill as being `` prevention '' , you say they really mean `` or/including delay '' , even though none of them say that about their definitions and none of them look at delays in their studies .
