  nobody makes anybody join the eu . 
  but all of that requires decision-making , and decision-making , in particular , by governments working together - and governments talking to other governments is traditionally one of the most secretive things in the world . 
   i believe the eu as an idea , but i do n't like how small countries have less of a say in the parliament than bigger countries , we are all different and must have an equal say . 
  as an example , ireland has 12 meps , germany has 99 . 
  i think you 're thinking of countries , rather than the people of those countries . 
  as der_kaputmacher says , irish * citizens * have a much * higher * level of representation than german * citizens * . 
  only three or four countries have binding referendums even on treaty changes , only two have legally triggered referendums on treaty changes ( the uk is aiming to join this group ) , and i do n't think an country has referendums on the legislation the eu creates . 
  speaking for ireland at least , i 'd offer the following comparison . 
  at roughly the same time as the ep was considering acta , the irish government was contemplating a piece of copyright legislation with some effects not dissimilar to the objectionable bits of acta . 
  acta , as we know , was the subject of a europe-wide primarily online campaign aimed at the ep , and was duly voted down . 
  in ireland , our version of sopa was similarly the target of a public campaign , which was sufficient to provoke the government into sending the relevant minister to defend his position at a public meeting in our science gallery . 
  that , however , was * all * that was achieved - the minister stonewalled the meeting , and passed the legislation . 
  as it happens , the legislation could be , and was , passed by simple ministerial order without going through our parliament , but even had it gone through parliament it would have made no difference , since every vote in the irish parliament is subject to a three-line whip . 
  i would see it as highly likely that the same pattern will apply in respect of ttip . 
  it certainly applies in respect of our financial legislation , which is regularly written by the financial companies and passed by governmental decree . 
  the main lobbying group for the financial services sector actually meets in government buildings , and is chaired by a senior civil servant . 
  so , personally , my experience is that europe is a better level for opposing the interests of lobbyists than the national level , although that may be a specifically irish ( and indeed personal ) perspective . 
  tons of banks were n't let fail - they were mostly bought out at government behest by other banks . 
  the only banks bar lehmans that were allowed fail were tiny banks with balance sheets less than a couple of billion . 
  the ecb intervention came at a time when irish sovereign bond yields were rocketing upwards , deposits were fleeing the banks , and the banks had already borrowed something around $ 100billion from the ecb to pay off the bonds the government had unilaterally guaranteed in 2008 . 
  ireland was fubared , but the government desperately wanted to pretend they could tough it out , so the ecb leaned on them . 
  but that was two yeas after ours banks blew up , and the claim the the ecb pushed us into crisis is wrong . 
  the ecb just forced us to * recognise * our crisis . 
  all main parties in favour . 
  opposition from the greens ( environmental standards , gmo , fracking ) and further left ( race to the bottom , opposition to free trade etc ) . 
  note that there 's a commission public consultation on the investor-state dispute settlement mechanism : http://trade.ec.europa.eu/consultations/index.cfm?consul_id=179, 
  yeah , that 's a fair point . 
  but what happens in those situations is that tds `` lose the whip '' , as a couple of ff tds did in the last days of the 2007-2011 government . 
  all irish votes are three-line whipped - that is , you either vote the way the party says , or you lose the whip ( and thus party backing , promotion , etc ) . 
  there are , as far as i 'm aware , * no * free votes in the d\u00e1il , at least not for the major parties . 
  fine gael actually apply the whip rather less tightly than fianna f\u00e1il . 
  in the 2002-2007 term , not one ff td voted against the government , and as far as i know , that 's the standard . 
  well , i 've been friends with america , but it turns out he 's been stalking me and going through all my private stuff . 
  this may help you somewhat : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/husting there was life before tv . 
  * argue with yourself as you try to make decisions . 
  ( note : requires increasing levels of schizophrenia as the game progresses . ), 
  i would have mentioned it , but shame and depression stopped me . 
  to be fair , though , that 's a universal one - it 's not as if we have robust evidence for policy-making as a general rule . 
   exactly man . 
  every time i read this you can tell they 're bullshitting or crazy . 
  anyone using `` marxism '' or `` marxist '' as a buzzword is bonkers . 
  one ironic thing about it is that what 's eroding local culture is in two senses is markets - market-based systems making people richer and less isolated on the one hand , and people choosing the mainstream culture `` brands '' in the `` market of cultures '' . 
  the other big ironic thing about it is that people who have a bee in their bonnet about it tend to self-identify as nationalists - and the historical drive to suppress regional and local identities is associated primarily with the movement to nationalism , which favoured homogeneity for military and industrial efficiency . 
   what ? 
  have n't heard that before :p is that like , er , coconut ? 
  green on the outside and red on the inside ? 
  exactly so . 
   would n't their meps have to vote along the group whips anyway ? 
  there is n't really an eu parliament whip system in the british ( let alone irish ) sense . 
  but are few enough that i recognise your username ... 
   the fact of the matter is , the overwhelming majority of people that oppose fracking know very little about it on a technical or practical level , and are instead driven by a self-perpetuating hysteria over the issue . 
  yep . 
  i 'm opposed , obviously on climate grounds , to the idea that we should dig up and use yet more fossil fuels , but the opposition to fracking * qua * fracking is mostly driven by ignorance . 
   from what i read the council will be in a tough position to refuse the candidate elected now . 
   you seem to misunderstand , they are not elected . 
  i do n't think you understand what the council is . 
  or possibly democracy . 
  hard to say . 
   verhofstadt has proven a far stronger candidate than expected , and definitely stronger than most of the national alde parties deserve . 
  given that our local alde party were the ones who delivered us a property bubble , a banking crisis , and into the hands of the troika , i 'd have to agree . 
  it 's a hard life as a pro-nuclear , pro-market , gmo-tolerant green , i 'm afraid . 
  i would also recommend that if one is seriously opposed to cultural homogenisation , then one should look first at mass media and the internet . 
  i do n't think anyone is passing laws saying `` you all have to be the same '' , and i do n't think there would be much point in doing so these days . 
  back when europe 's `` national identities '' were being created by squashing regional cultures , the tools at hand for enforcement tended to be rather more sharply pointed . 
  and frankly the eu virtually fetishises local cultures . 
  true enough . 
  my initial remark * may * have been sarcastic . 
   in ireland i do n't even know who 's running to be meps , we have local elections on at the same time so the media is focusing on that more . 
  very true - massive emphasis on the nearly powerless council seats ( ireland may have the weakest local government in europe ) . 
  the eu election coverage is basically about whether the government coalition gets a kicking or not . 
  but it wo n't be county councillors deciding on ttip . 
  and britain joined the ec because trade and relations with the ec seemed more advantageous than with the commonwealth . 
  i hear that the commonwealth is totally a trade replacement for any lost trade resulting from divorce ... 
  that 's similar to ireland . 
  we have a free press , yes , but between our libel laws , the ` club ' mindset , and the short distances between politicians and press , the self-censorship is pretty serious . 
  also , if you dig too far into the murky waters of crime/terrorism and their possible state connections , you die . 
  in fact , i 've spent a * lot * of the last five to six years reading probably hundreds of articles relating to the crisis from nearly every economic angle and theorist . 
  i 've checked my understanding of the issues concerned with economists both academic and professional , up to and including imf country officers . 
  i 've gone direct to data sources , rather than relying on other people 's accounts of the data , and often been surprised by the extent to which that 's uncommon . 
  i 've researched and written economic briefings which have been checked and used by those same experts . 
  possibly they were all too polite to criticise the work i 've done , of course , although their passing it for publication suggests more than mere politeness . 
  and my conclusion , after all of that , is what i said - economics is marginally more useful as a predictive science than astrology . 
  you 're pretty much free to believe what you like about something like optimal currency areas , because its constraint by reality is extremely limited . 
  the four main measures of an optimal currency area would be considered in any other science as not only qualitative but frankly subjective . 
  as such , i no longer consider the economic theories espoused by individuals as anything much more than an indication of their political preferences . 
  you are equally free , of course , to prefer the explanation that i actually know nothing , and that if i did ( and had the intellect to understand it ) i would of course be of your opinion . 
  after all , local constraints on reality are slight on reddit , too . 
  er , * how * has it been `` proven to work '' ? 
  at some other level than `` it said possibly bad things might happen if you read it a certain way , and bad things , sort of currency-related , have sort of happened , depending on how you read that '' ? 
  i ask because an awful lot of these claims turn out to be circular - that people say that the current problems are caused by the euro , and we know they 're caused by the euro because currency theory says the euro could cause problems , and we know that currency theory is right because the euro is causing problems . 
  and if that does n't seem circular , take a couple of steps back and have another look at it . 
  i 'm not opposed to academic articles ( having read quite a number of them ) nor entering an academic debate about optimal currency theory !, 
  i 'm just rather wary of the idea that academic economic theory has much to do with reality . 
  people seem to buy in to one theory or another more on inclination than proof , and luckily no economic theory seems ever to be discredited by its mere failure under real conditions . 
  i find that explanations of why the euro is a very bad thing tend to fade off into mumbles about either its contradiction of theory , or unsupported general kind of `` it 's really bad , really '' stuff . 
  other than requiring governments not to use certain tools that they really should n't use ( based on their track record ) , i 'm still finding it hard to see why it 's such an obviously awful idea . 
  as far as i 'm aware , the `` federation or misery '' thing is n't part of optimal currency theory , but a keyensian criticism of it . 
  it 's certainly claimed that we need a use to support an optimal currency union , but you 'll excuse me if i snort with mild derision at the idea that academic economic theory is some kind of definitive guide to ... well ... anything , really . 
  the member states and the architects of the euro seem to feel you can get something worth having without creating a use - as indeed they felt about a single market , of which very similar criticisms were made . 
  why do n't we find out , as opposed to erecting any economist 's theory into yet another shibboleth ?
