  by the way , note the point that `` the commission has a duty to keep the european parliament informed throughout the negotiations '' . 
  meps like ming have access to the texts on an ongoing basis for that reason - and are presumably well aware that they will be voting on whether to approve ttip when it 's finally agreed ( if ever ) . 
  ming 's ep group - gue/ngl - are opposed to free trade as a general rule , and stunts like this can be seen as an attempt to sway the final vote in their preferred direction . 
  there 's nothing wrong with them doing so , but one should be clear about what 's being done . 
  it 's all over / r/ireland - and i feel that for the honour of my country i ca n't let you see the video without seeing people 's response to it . 
   mythology - some younger people these days seem to think the old nordic myths are quite hip . 
  midg\u00e5rd ( middle earth ) , valhall , ymer and so on . 
  possibly the connection to nationalists would taint the popularity . 
  it would be pretty cool to be called yggdrasil . 
  ratatoskr maybe slightly less so . 
   that would only matter if the deal was being negotiated . 
  from what he said it sounds like it has been decided on already that 's because ming ca n't tell the difference , i 'm afraid - or possibly does n't care . 
  `` consolidated texts '' are n't texts that have been decided - they 're side by side versions of the * dis * agreements . 
   sad that this is the kind of buffoon the irish have elected to represent them . 
  but i do n't think any country can claim that its meps ( or other parliamentary representatives either ) are some kind of pick of the best of the nation . 
  mind you , he is currently being heavily out-farced by one of our national parliamentarians ( from a particular rural constituency ) with a speech on climate change . 
   most of the complaints the eu receives are to do with lack of transparency . 
  mostly cases were eu institutions neglected to release documents they had no right to withhold . 
  sure , but that kind of makes the point that as a general rule , the eu is required to be transparent . 
  compare the general national regimes , which are one where you have to make a supplicatory freedom of information request , and can be turned down simply because the civil service considers the request ` too difficult ' . 
   then you have cases like this , where the eu simply decided it does n't need an independent watchdog to keep an eye out for corruption . 
  well , does n't find it useful to publish regular reports on corruption , more accurately . 
  bad optics , but otherwise meaningless . 
   mep 's can propose amendments . 
  as i understood it , the commission can simply push it again and again if they so wish , until finally they get their way . 
  meps both propose and vote on amendments , and indeed vote legislation down entirely . 
  sure , the commission can propose a piece of legislation over and over again , but doing so not only does n't ensure that `` finally they get their way '' , but that they would annoy the parliament , which would respond by at least being obstructive on all legislation and at most by removing the commission from office . 
  i 'm not sure people really keep up to date with the way the parliament 's powers have expanded * de jure * over the last couple of treaties , let alone how the parliament has expanded them further * de facto * . 
   it 's much more democratic to have those who are directly elected , be the ones who draft legislation . 
  that way you have actual accountability . 
  sorry , but that 's rubbish - a simplistic equation of `` accountable '' with `` voted for '' which is increasingly common . 
  fuck checks , fuck balances , voting is the be-all and end-all of democracy . 
  such shite - no offence intended personally - benefits nobody but populists , and populists do n't give a shit about democracy . 
   lack of transparency , that needs further explanation , since the eu is close to as good as the most transparent national governments in europe , and a good bit more transparent than most . 
  it 's often shorthand for `` have n't actually looked for the information , and ca n't be bothered to '' . 
  take something like the register of lobbyists , and the requirement for the eu institutions to make public who they meet with . 
  have you * any * idea who your national ministers meet with , who the national lobbyists are , outside of the occasional leak to the media ? 
   overly complicated procedures , takes way too long in order for decisive actions to be taken . 
  it does logically take longer to get 27 governments to agree on something than to get one to do so . 
  i would n't say the procedures are much more complex than most national parliaments , though - most people just take those procedures for granted , and that makes the eu 's procedures seem more complex . 
   also the fact that the mep 's we vote for are n't the ones that make the legislation , which is seen by many as very undemocratic . 
  inaccurately so , since the power to pass legislation and amend it is in the hands of the meps and the council of ( national ) ministers . 
  the commission can only initiate legislation - once it has done so ( usually at the request of the parliament or council ) it has no further control over it . 
  what that means is that no national legislator ( in the ep or council ) can propose legislation for europe , but the commission can not get anything passed as legislation that does not have the support of the governments and people of europe . 
  that seems like a good balance to me . 
  but the immigration from non-eu countries to any given eu country is under the control of the country , not the eu . 
  yes , the eu is in charge of asylum seekers and ` irregular migrants ' , but those are only a fraction of the non-eu immigration into any given country , the vast majority of which is the legal entry of economic migrants permitted and regulated by the national government . 
  nor is the eu a bar to removing illegal immigrants from non-eu countries . 
  again , the effort put into that is up to the national government . 
  only because nobody can afford to upload the video . 
  on the other hand , `` i turned on my wife '' could mean either - `` how i turned on my wife '' could be either a guide to foreplay or betrayal , even in a tabloid . 
  phrasal verbs are great for zeugmas . 
  is n't `` looked up '' very similar to `` called up '' ? 
  does the rule follow the adverb ? 
  that 's correct - you can buy an integrated ferry/train ticket from anywhere in ireland to anywhere in the uk , and have been able to do so for decades . 
  and , that being so , the map is correct . 
  if you start from london on the early train to holyhead , and catch the faster ferry , you can just about make some of the later trains out of dublin - galway , cork for sure - but not others . 
  by the way , you almost inevitably can not make the same journey in reverse in a day , except from dublin or cork . 
  so was i , but via the kitchen . 
  i do n't think we ever saw honey that was n't crystallised . 
  the banks and financial press did a very good propaganda job after the crash . 
  the financial articles immediately after the crash were very sorry and penitent , then the tone gradually changed to blame not lack of regulation but first poor regulation and then over-regulation and the euro . 
  i do n't know whether it was deliberate , or just reflected a recovery of their confidence , but either way it was just the right journey from apologetic through soul-searching to `` but remember all the good times , eh ? '', 
  to `` do n't kill the goose that lays the golden eggs '' , and it seems to have worked . 
  yes , there 's a new banking authority ( much watered down ) , but no new glass-steagal act . 
   i do n't fully understand what you 're defining as the `` character '' of the empire . 
  its laws , institutions , attitudes , social structures , educational routes in , and so on . 
  they contributed manpower , certainly , but i do n't see how one could really claim they contributed much to the character of the empire . 
  what characteristics would you say were distinctively scottish , or welsh , or irish ? 
   england has it 's own car : their commonwealth . 
  if by `` car '' you mean ancient bicycle that 's been left in the garden for a couple of decades , then yes . 
  i 'm not likely to be , because it really is a thing . 
  and , to be fair , it 's not like other nationalities are bringing it up at random - it 's being offered as part of the explanation for a relatively extraordinary event which most of the world find puzzling . 
  oh , i include myself there , which makes it hard for it to be xenophobia . 
   you do know it was a british empire , not an english one , right ? 
  sort of . 
  in origin , it was specifically an english one - well before the 1707 act of union the english had overseas territories in north and south america , the caribbean , africa , and india . 
  wales did not , nor did scotland or ireland . 
  the main thrust of the growth came from english bodies like the east india company , which , again , originated as an english company , not a british one , as did the royal africa company , the hudson 's bay company , the london & bristol company , etc etc. 
  the scottish made one matching attempt , the scottish darien company - the welsh and irish made none . 
  the later british empire evolved along the lines set by the english empire , with the scots , welsh and irish essentially along for the ride . 
   the scots and welsh ( and , indeed , the irish , although that 's a whole lot more complicated ) were instrumental in its creation . 
  the irish contribution was n't particularly complicated at the time . 
  like the rest , they found their way into the empire through essentially english-directed outlets . 
  most irish families that have an imperial service connection - at the officer level or equivalent - are , in my experience , * quietly * proud of the connection , but that 's not particularly relevant . 
  the british empire was , first , foremost , and enduringly , an english creation . 
  the irish , welsh , and scots added a small admixture of their national characteristics , but the overall character was definitely english . 
  i 'm not sure how that 's supposed to be relevant , i 'm afraid . 
  dead is dead , and the dead do n't get to find out whether the person who drove into them intended it or not . 
  to be fair , the `` loss of empire '' thing is just a * proposed * explanation for the english superiority complex , and not , i think , a particularly good one . 
  the empire did * justify * the english view that what was english was automatically and obviously right and better , but for my money the empire was the result of that view , not vice-versa . 
  as such , the loss of the empire did n't create a `` deep psychological wound '' - on the contrary , i would say most english people would regard it as an anachronism , and wanting it back as kind of weird . 
  the main thing the empire proved , from an english point of view , was that they could take all of you in a fight , and govern you better than you can govern yourselves . 
  the world is always a stage for england to act on , all the countries of the world are the playgrounds of the english , and this is true whether or not they happen to conveniently own them or not . 
  the superiority complex of the english , like that of the other imperial nations , is sufficient unto itself - empires are like cups in the trophy cabinet , a demonstration of superiority , not the cause of it . 
  when you consider those compared to the response to a very much smaller number of terrorism deaths , you do clearly see the disproportion of the response to terrorism . 
  that was between two countries which were initially neither in the single market & customs union , then both in the single market & customs union . 
  in both cases the border only ran between the uk and ireland . 
  while the historical situation can be useful as a goal , it 's not very useful as a guide , because the border would now run between an ireland in the eu and a uk outside it . 
  so while irish wishes will be prioritised within the eu , the border wo n't be only ireland and the uk 's concern .
