  without any specific legal commitment to federalism - and i think you have no choice but to agree that there is no such commitment - what you need to show is that there is an ongoing consensus political commitment to federalism . 
  i do n't see that that 's the case . 
  delegation of powers to the eu happens where it seems of benefit , not on principle . 
   like you said , the ` phrase ' itself was going to be in the statement , so that should have explained where it was going to go or at least where it was wanted to be taken . 
  alternatively , and more simply , there has never been , and still is n't , an agreement by the member states to commit to a federal outcome , which is why it is n't in the phrase , and the phrase says something else far more nebulous to which there is such agreement . 
  to be honest , the idea that for over half a century , through its evolution from a post-war club of six devastated and pretty similar countries to a club of 28 more or less prosperous and highly diverse ones , there 's been some kind of secret unchanging plan which is never legally committed to but everybody `` knows '' is the `` real aim '' is pretty clearly within conspiracy theory territory . 
   so we agree then . 
  we should unify legislation before company from country x should start selling in country z. 
  to the degree that such harmonisation is necessary to serve the interests of consumers , sure . 
   seems somewhat obvious to me , but for argument sake let 's say your correct i 'm not sure why it seems obvious to you - it 's not a commitment to a specific outcome because it 's not a commitment to a specific outcome . 
  there 's quite simply no specific outcome stated in it . 
  for it to be a specific commitment to federal union you have to say `` even though it does n't say it '' , which is legally nonsense - you can not claim something is a legally binding commitment unless you can find such a commitment in the legal text without having to import it , and one can not do so here . 
  it was proposed that `` ever closer union '' be replaced by `` federal union '' , which * is * a specific commitment , but that was shot down because member states did n't want a specific commitment . 
  the current phrase promotes integration , does not prevent federalisation , but does n't require it - it 's a very good piece of fudge , but the whole point of fudge is that it 's not specific . 
   are you telling me it 's better for me to learn the laws of 27 countries when i apply for car insurance ? 
  it would certainly be important for you to check the legal jurisdiction for dispute settlement before signing any contract , and a preference for home country law is likely to be a competitive advantage - but it 's fair to say , i think , that most people do n't have a really good idea of how their own national legal system works in relation to such contracts anyway . 
  much of the consumer law in relation to such contracts in a single market will be eu law anyway - the process of developing the single market for services is the process of developing eu-level standards and regulations . 
  without that being the case , the market for such contracts would n't be a single market but a free for all . 
   at best they never expected it to actually happen , at worst they were being malicious/incompetent/lying to the public . 
  `` ever closer union among the peoples of europe '' is n't a commitment to any specific outcome , and attempts to make it such have been rejected . 
  it 's a guiding principle that nothing in the eu treaties should serve to drive them apart - that the eu should not act to create or reinforce barriers between the peoples of europe , and should tend in an integrationist direction . 
  it does n't require anything more than that - some ( and relatively few ) people prefer specific outcomes as the best way of achieving it ( federalism , in particular ) , but their specific outcomes are n't any part of the phrase or the principle it enshrines . 
  unfortunately , in the uk , the phrase has been used to mean federalism for so long and so vehemently that people believe it is an actual commitment to federalism , and that removing it as far as the uk is concerned has some kind of preventive effect on any moves to federalism that encompass the uk . 
  what removing it as far as the uk is concerned really means , to the extent that it means anything , is that eu treaties could in fact operate in such a way as to create new barriers between the british and the other peoples of europe . 
  i doubt that 's of large practical effect , though - while the aspiration binds the interpretation of the treaties to an integrationist preference , it 's not that easy to imagine situations where interpretation will be different as a result of the principle not applying to one member state . 
   in an uk court or in a romanian court ? 
  it 's pretty standard for customer contracts to include the preferred jurisdiction for dispute settlement . 
   the fact is that aggregation and search services drive massive amounts of users to the media they link to . 
  it 's possible , though , that the fact is that we 're just used to picking up our news via the aggregation services now rather than going to the sources . 
  that would make that drop a short-term effect , but , long-term , if google et al were n't there the sources might well regain their readership , because people would n't have the option of the aggregator . 
  obviously that 's a poorer solution for the public , but it may not be a worse outcome in the longer term than the ongoing decline in content sources . 
  impressively , this manages to take reda 's already alarmist piece and add extra panicky over-interpretation . 
  reposting from the previous thread on the same topic : as far as i can see , the relevant part of the leaked commission communication ( the source for reda 's op , with that in turn the source for this article ) is :  from a copyright perspective , an important aspect is the definition of the rights of communication to the public and of making available . 
  these rights govern the use of copyright-protected content in digital transmissions . 
  their definition therefore determines what constitutes an act on the internet over which creators and the creative industries can claim rights and can negotiate licences and remuneration . 
  there are contentious grey areas and uncertainty about the way these concepts are defined in eu law , in particular about which online acts are considered ` communication to the public ' ( and therefore require authorisation by right holders ) , and under what conditions . 
  these questions create on the one hand uncertainty in the market and , on the other , put into question the ability of these rights to transpose into the online world the basic principle of copyright that acts of exploitation need to be authorised and remunerated . 
  the commission is saying that what needs clarification is what constitutes re-publication of content and what constitutes simply helping people get access to it . 
  a simple hyperlink is very clearly the latter , and has been judged so repeatedly in various courts . 
  what is at issue is whether aggregation and summary services are really just links to content , or are a re-publication of content in themselves , either directly or as a derivative work . 
  that does affect news aggregation and search services , but it is not an attack on the hyperlink itself . 
  the question here is not whether `` incumbents '' should be somehow `` protected '' simply because they 're incumbents , but whether use of their content in news aggregation and search services only facilitates access to the content they produce , or whether it acts as a substitute for that content . 
  that 's not an open and shut issue by any means . 
  it 's worth remembering that google et al do n't * produce * content , nor does most new media . 
  the much-derided `` old media '' do that , and without some form of remuneration for it , neither they nor anyone else can continue to do it . 
  we already live with a situation where more and more aggregators and summarisers chase less and less quality reporting . 
  a good bit of that comes about because old media has n't managed to find a paying model for their content - but that , in turn , results from the fact that mostly what we do with news is skim it . 
  what we want is to be aware of what 's happening - it 's rarely we want to read an article all the way through , and most articles we 're not looking for anything but the headline and a first paragraph or other quick summary . 
  we used to have to buy the paper to do that , so the production of that content was funded - but now we can do it perfectly well through news aggregation without ever going to the source at all . 
  problem is that if we do n't go to the sources , the sources do n't get remunerated , and the sources will dry up . 
  they wo n't be replaced by new sources while there 's still an industry that can take their content and repackage it for quicker consumption for free . 
   except now we 'll also always have somebody posting a link to that paper and then this very discussion over and over again . 
  which would be fine if it were evidence of healthy scepticism , but actually it will just be used as a way to dismiss unwelcome data entirely , as opposed to looking at it carefully . 
   worth noting that ireland is one of the only countries that actually collects its stated rate of corporate tax , despite everyone scapegoating it as a `` tax haven '' . 
  only on small domestic ceramic flower pot makers - i do n't think anyone has suggested ireland is a tax haven for such companies . 
  this is pwc 's `` paying taxes '' report , which annually causes a lot of people to believe inaccurate things about taxation , and is annually used by the irish government to pretend that multinationals in ireland pay the headline rate of corporation tax . 
  however , the tax rates cited here have nothing at all to do with multinationals or the taxes they pay . 
  the tax rates cited here are for a fictitious company which : * is a small manufacturing company * is wholly domestic owned by five natural persons * has a wholly domestic retail market * manufactures ceramic flower pots as per page 140 of the report :  performs general industrial or commercial activities . 
  specifically , it produces ceramic flowerpots and sells them at retail . 
  it does not participate in foreign trade ( no import or export ) and does not handle products subject to a special tax regime , for example , liquor or tobacco . 
  any attempt to use this report to determine how closely multinational taxation in a country matches the country 's corporate tax rate is utterly pointless . 
  ireland 's mncs do not pay `` close to the headline rate '' - they might if they too were small domestic ceramic flowerpot manufacturers , but they 're about as similar to that as the space shuttle is to a wheelbarrow . 
  i do ( it 's in german ) : http://www.leviathan.nomos.de/fileadmin/leviathan/doc/aufsatz_leviathan_13_03.pdf, 
   the mpi paper is pretty comprehensive in backing up its claims with evidence . 
   the examples are fairly damning and wide-ranging . 
  in fact the response to it ( by a dg comm official ) makes the counter-point that the examples are n't wide-ranging or comprehensive , but are relatively limited given the very large body of work that the eurobarometer encompasses , while the asking of hypothetical questions is a necessity . 
  it 's also worth pointing out that even the authors of the paper do n't claim that the eurobarometer is propaganda , only that it tends in that direction . 
  it 's results are methodologically questionable , not false . 
  having said that , anybody who has tried to assemble a time series from eurobarometers is aware of the way questions pop in and out or are rephrased or paraphrased . 
  such an inconsistent data series over time is the mark either of incompetence or preference , and i doubt it 's the former . 
   it seems to me that a good case could be made for banning all eurobarometer polls from this subreddit , or autotagging them with a `` propaganda '' tag , or something similar . 
  only if you accept the views of the authors as true . 
  just because someone writes a paper saying something does n't mean that something is an objective fact . 
   than i can only conclude this is an example of alarmist internet activism , like we had over the eu net neutrality regulation ? 
  it seems so , and not from a very different source either . 
  to be fair , ms reda is a politician , and all politicians tend to dramatise anything that affects the issues they stand for . 
  the right wing populists see immigrants as a flood tide of islamists bent on destroying western civilisation , the left wing see ttip as a corporate trojan horse intended to reduce us all to neo-feudal serfdom , ms reda sees stronger copyright as an assault on the very foundations of the internet . 
  plus ca change , really . 
   you are right that this entire thing is still being figured out but strengthening the incumbents is not going to help . 
  i do n't see that it specifically or deliberately helps the incumbents - they happen simply to be the current content creators . 
  new content creators will find the going easier as well . 
  at the usual risk of downvotes , reda seems a little premature in claiming that this is a `` frontal assault on the hyperlink '' , although no harm is done by highlighting the possibility given the predilections of some member states . 
  as far as i can see , the relevant part of the leaked communication is :  from a copyright perspective , an important aspect is the definition of the rights of communication to the public and of making available . 
  these rights govern the use of copyright-protected content in digital transmissions . 
  their definition therefore determines what constitutes an act on the internet over which creators and the creative industries can claim rights and can negotiate licences and remuneration . 
  there are contentious grey areas and uncertainty about the way these concepts are defined in eu law , in particular about which online acts are considered ` communication to the public ' ( and therefore require authorisation by right holders ) , and under what conditions . 
  these questions create on the one hand uncertainty in the market and , on the other , put into question the ability of these rights to transpose into the online world the basic principle of copyright that acts of exploitation need to be authorised and remunerated . 
  the commission is saying that what needs clarification is what constitutes re-publication of content and what constitutes simply helping people get access to it . 
  a simple hyperlink is very clearly the latter , and has been judged so repeatedly in various courts . 
  what is at issue is whether aggregation and summary services are really just links to content , or are a re-publication of content in themselves , either directly or as a derivative work . 
  that does affect news aggregation and search services , but it is not an attack on the hyperlink itself . 
  the question here is not whether `` incumbents '' should be somehow `` protected '' simply because they 're incumbents , but whether use of their content in news aggregation and search services only facilitates access to the content they produce , or whether it acts as a substitute for that content . 
  that 's not an open and shut issue by any means . 
  it 's worth remembering that google et al do n't * produce * content , nor does most new media . 
  the much-derided `` old media '' do that , and without some form of remuneration for it , neither they nor anyone else can continue to do it . 
  we already live with a situation where more and more aggregators and summarisers chase less and less quality reporting . 
  a good bit of that comes about because old media has n't managed to find a paying model for their content - but that , in turn , results from the fact that mostly what we do with news is skim it . 
  what we want is to be aware of what 's happening - it 's rarely we want to read an article all the way through , and most articles we 're not looking for anything but the headline and a first paragraph or other quick summary . 
  we used to have to buy the paper to do that , so the production of that content was funded - but now we can do it perfectly well through news aggregation without ever going to the source at all . 
  problem is that if we do n't go to the sources , the sources do n't get remunerated , and the sources will dry up .
