   being in the eu does not mean that your country has any sort of moral superiority over non-eu countries . 
  i do n't think i 've suggested that at all . 
   printing more money and putting capital controls in place ( which are already being removed btw ) is n't a cheap fix . 
  either economic policy works , or it does n't . 
  you think there 's no differences between economic policies in terms of their long-term effects ? 
  that devaluation and reform of an economy are equivalent ? 
  i guess you 're as entitled to an opinion as anyone else . 
   if you 're expecting to be paid an interest for your `` saving '' it 's investment and there 's risk . 
  now you can try to analyse where your money goes to evaluate the risk , but most people just look at the interest prospect . 
  that 's not how the majority of people see their bank accounts at all . 
  they see the bank as somewhere safe and convenient to park the money , and to enable the transfer of it , and they believe the bank pays them interest for the use of it while they have it parked there . 
  yes , there are risks associated with that , but the perspective of the depositor in a high street bank is not that the bank gets to play investment banker with his money . 
  his main concern is that the bank not lose it . 
   the reason iceland was able to get out of the crisis faster than most eu countries is that we could devalue our currency , which eu countries ca n't . 
  we just printed more money . 
  and capital controls have prevented the flight of capital that would usually happen when you do ( or even suggest ) that - so there 's trapped capital in the country , a timebomb which at some point is going to have to be dealt with . 
  it 's true , overall , though , that the strictures of eurozone ( rather than eu ) membership have slowed down recovery in eurozone countries . 
  but one can argue that this is because eurozone rules prohibit a variety of ` quick-fix ' responses which do n't actually deal with any underlying problems , and require the country to make meaningful changes instead . 
  bit like the difference between crash diet plus slimming pills versus a change to a healthier lifestyle , better diet , and regular exercise for someone whose doctor has told them they need to lose weight . 
  the first one will certainly show results faster , and it would be possible to laugh at the stupid guy doing it the hard way . 
   parliaments role is holding executives to account for . 
  that 's vital for any democracy . 
  holding to account is not the same as micromanaging . 
  holding to account is part of delegation , which is the opposite of micromanaging . 
  it 's what people say . 
   these are not trade negotiations , trade treaties are an exclusive competence of the eu , mixed treaties , like ttip , are a shared competence . 
  the deal is n't a mixed deal yet . 
  it 's being negotiated as a trade deal . 
  whether it has implications beyond trade will depend on the final outcomes of the trade negotiations . 
   they are n't , the issue is they 've no oversight , which is a fundamental role of them in our parliamentary democracies . 
  that 's not how parliamentary oversight has ever worked in respect of trade deals , or indeed most negotiations . 
  negotiations are one of a number of situations in which day to day oversight by a large political committee structure ( which is what a parliament is ) works very badly . 
  there 's a reason why treaties are carried out by plenipotentiaries - that is , people delegated with the power to negotiate - with the final say only resting with the parliament . 
   no wonder , if i see how this is getting shaped with complete disrespect to our system , i do n't even care what the content is but i 'll like to see it buried . 
  since it 's being shaped in exactly the same way as every other trade deal , should they all be buried ? 
   in fairness , it is impossible to get a list of who has had access to what . 
  there are stakeholder meetings and the attendees are published , but reading the agendas for these meetings it does n't appear the text was available at them . 
  so ... who does have access to the text ? 
  well , first off there 's no definitive text until the whole agreement is signed . 
  there are , i suppose , two or three levels below ` final text ' : * position papers - material setting out what the eu thinks it ought to achieve in a particular area , and why * negotiating texts - the text on the basis of which the eu goes into negotiations on a particular area , and which could be said to represent their preferred outcome . 
  * consolidated texts - the text currently agreed between the eu and the us in a particular area , and representing the current outcome in that area . 
  the public has access to eu position papers and negotiating texts , as does therefore everybody including companies and ngos . 
  only parliamentarians and members of member state governments have access to consolidated texts . 
  some of the difficulty here is caused by the fact that consolidated texts are joint eu-us `` property '' , and the us classifies all trade documents as secret - hence the difficulties getting reading rooms outside brussels . 
  if you think about it , the idea of privileged access for companies in stakeholder meetings has to be nonsense . 
  at such meetings , they can in theory have access to : 1 . only a negotiating text if the stakeholder meeting is in advance of the negotiations , because there 's no agreed ( consolidated ) text - but these are publicly available 2 . either a negotiating text or a consolidated text if the stakeholder meeting is after the negotiations . 
  the former is now pointless , and the latter ca n't be changed . 
  stakeholder meetings do n't appear to be held * during * the negotiations , so stakeholders ( it 's companies we 're concerned about ) can either have access to something publicly available in advance , or something they ca n't change afterwards . 
  [ edit ] as usual , it would be interesting to see counter-arguments rather than just downvotes . 
  otherwise , i do tend to conclude that people ca n't actually counter the points raised , and therefore find them annoying because they go against their beliefs . 
  [ / edit ], 
   as to `` why all this lovecraftian geometry '' : upvote for lovecraftian geometry . 
   i 'd like a source on that . 
  you wo n't get one - i think it 's just one of those things that gets said and repeated without anyone offering or apparently needing proof . 
  at most , you 'll be pointed to the fact that the commission has held more consultations with business groups than ngos , which is almost the reverse of proof - if the companies are actually involved in the negotiations , they do n't need consultations . 
   so we could be a large-scale sims game , where the sims are conscious ? 
  wow . 
  this sounds like a movie plot more than an actual scientific theory . 
  i guess you 'd call it `` highly speculative '' , but it gets real work done on it - see , for example [ constraints on the universe as a numerical simulation ] ( http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.1847v2.pdf ) . 
   any attempt at speculating about `` probability of life '' is doomed to be highly inaccurate it 's not really about probability of life , though . 
  more what you might call the possibility of such a probability - most possible universe starting conditions do n't even allow for the aggregation of matter into stars and planets . 
   but i mean the scientists advancing this theory must have something to base the theory on sure . 
  there 's basically two main legs , one minor . 
  first off , multiple universes are a regular possibility in the maths used to describe physics . 
  so they 're always there as a possibility , mathematically . 
  second , the more physics delves into underlying reality , the more of a special case our universe seems to be , the more tweaking seems necessary to keep everything in the right range for us to exist . 
  and that does require more explanation than just the hand-waving `` if it was n't , we would n't be here '' . 
  look at it this way . 
  of all the places you might be , you popped into existence in a warm , comfortable structure * just * right to sustain your life . 
  you discover mathematically that you 're doing the equivalent of just happening to come into existence in a functioning spaceship in an infinite void . 
  to say that you 've just been , in effect , infinitely lucky , is something that only makes sense if there are actually lots of other spaceships , better or worse suited to sustaining life , and lots of other possible people who were n't so lucky . 
  the very existence of your functional spaceship is incredibly improbable , and it would actually make more sense if you 'd just been lucky , and were able to observe your luck only because without being lucky you could n't , rather the almost infinitely improbable alternative that there is just exactly one spaceship , and one that is just exactly suited to sustaining life . 
  unfortunately , you ca n't get outside the spaceship to check whether any of that is true . 
  and there are other alternatives - that the universe is a simulation run by an advanced species , for example . 
  the third , and minor , support leg for the theory is the existence of macro-scale structuring in the universe . 
  if there is no outside to the universe , nothing else in existence , it 's kind of unreasonable for there to be any structure in the universe at very large scales . 
  there are simply no drivers for it . 
   is there any evidence for this multiverse theory ? 
  nothing definitive , but then it 's kind of hard to be definitive when dealing with something which by definition is outside the universe . 
   if it were n't , we would n't be here to ask ourselves that question . 
  necessary , but only a sufficient answer if the chances of us being here are n't infinitesimal . 
  well , not everybody would accept the idea of multiverses as real , but the idea here is that there are infinitely many universes floating in higher-dimensional space . 
  again , some of this arises from the idea of our universe not being special . 
  the problem with that is that there are an infinite number of possible types of universe , only a small fraction of which could support life ( or even matter ) . 
  if our universe is the only universe , we have a very difficult problem - how is it that the only universe out of all possible configurations of universe just happened to be one that allowed for matter and life ? 
  if ours is not the only universe , we do n't have that problem . 
  not very well explained or titled - there 's a new scientist article that explains it far better . 
  essentially , where other universes push against ours , it may be that it has an effect on the light from distant objects - sort of pushing the light out of a particular region and piling it up in a new area , creating what appear to be giant structures . 
  imagine the light from distant objects as a shallow puddle of custard on a steel floor . 
  according to the cosmological principle that nowhere is particularly special , the custard should be evenly distributed . 
  however , in some places the custard is thin , and in places next to those voids the custard appears to pile up thicker into mega-structures thousands of light years across . 
  the suggestion is , if you like , that the floor in those places has been pushed up by forces outside the room - other universes - and that the anomalous voids and structures are the mark of that . 
  since , in the analogy , the steel floor is the universe , distortions of it must come from outside the universe . 
   well i 've heard nothing but how the uk is slowing down the entire eu , dividing it , so that makes a change . 
  the debate might just be a little too polarised to be accurate ? 
  i 'm sure we 're only fooling ourselves . 
  after all , the eu is entirely a burden on the uk , so there ca n't be anything to profit from , right ? 
  meanwhile , of course , ireland is , you know , english-speaking , familiar , and conveniently located ... just saying . 
   blame the governments that set up the systems in question and the governments that refuse to challenge it despite missing out on tax . 
  why does europe allow ireland to get away with their tax regime ?
