  i suspect , from our discussion , that you would expect exactly that . 
   `` criminal tools '' is sensationalist , tendentious rhetoric to fatuously demonize a highly controversial free speech issue . 
  it is a statement of fact about the case in question . 
  that you or i disagree with the law does n't change the law . 
   what you can not do , however , without me challenging you ad infinitum , is fatuously claim that berners-lee 's opinion on this irrelevant , or haphazardly invent double standards for expression to evade the implications of your own position . 
  bravo . 
  you have mistaken my attempts to explain legal principles for my moral views , and responded with increasingly irrelevant bombast . 
  all in the finest traditions of the internet - i salute you . 
   i 'm sorry , this wiggling around is becoming quite comical . 
  berners-lee quite explicitly explains all this in his post . 
  and what he explains remains entirely irrelevant to the case . 
  you think it is , but that 's because you 're not distinguishing between providing access to criminal tools and the method by which access was provided , and expect the method ( hyperlink ) to somehow invalidate the criminal action ( providing access ) . 
  it does n't , and that does n't have any meaning for the hyperlink other than that like most things it does n't prevent liability coming home to where it clearly lies . 
   that would be a poor excuse of a reply . 
  the standard defence against a charge of providing access to criminal tools/materials is that you have some good non-criminal reason for doing so - as i mentioned several posts back . 
  that you 're involved in scientific study of such tools/materials is rather obviously exactly such a reason . 
  that you used a hyperlink , just to be clear , definitely is n't . 
   you are still using feasibility as an argument to legitimize the whining by content providers . 
  well , more a case that i regard them as technically unimaginative . 
   well , by criminalizing i mean subject to legal action . 
  if your gambit is to switch to semantic hairsplitting , i guess that 's your prerogative . 
  sigh . 
  the hyperlink is not subject to legal action - it simply fails to protect you from legal action brought about by your provision/facilitation of access to tools for crime . 
   are non-digital citations in scientific papers subject to legal action in the same way hyperlinks are prone to be ? 
  that would be a poor example , since scientific research papers have a prima facie valid use case . 
  but you can not , for example , cite illegal services in ads , or as it used to be in ireland , you could not in any way reference services providing abortion . 
   i only need you to stop pretending there is n't one , basically . 
  not only have i not claimed there 's no solution , i 've been very definite that there is . 
  i 'm not sure how you get `` pretending there is n't one '' out of :  it 's possible but not simple or  you can do it , but not that way or  almost anything can be done with digital content in the digital realm, 
   i do n't see the problem . 
  then you do n't need me to provide a solution . 
  well , unless you actually need to solve the problem , that is . 
   and i thought you said no laws had been made yet criminalizing hyperlinks ? 
  quoting you : no laws have been . 
  you insist on claiming that the failure of a hyperlink to * prevent * you having any liability for the content you choose to link to is equivalent to criminalising them , which it is n't . 
   the right to make reference to something is inherent in that right . 
  on the web , to make reference without making a link is possible but ineffective - like speaking but with a paper bag over your head . 
   that is as clear and unequivocal as it gets . 
  it does n't address the point * at all * . 
  here , let me quote from the `` link myths '' :  this is a serious misunderstanding . 
  the ability to refer to a document ( or a person or any thing else ) is in general a fundamental right of free speech to the same extent that speech is free . 
  ** making the reference with a hypertext link is more efficient but changes nothing else ** . 
  this is the vital point . 
  providing/facilitating access to tools which have no purpose but to break the law is * exactly * the same online and off . 
  the issue is the access , not the method . 
   i do n't understand how what you describe after that prevents anybody from implementing the technical solution discussed earlier , you 've only alluded to some not-so-concrete objections the publishers might have , which is a matter of want , not can . 
  it 's possible but not simple , and much less simple on a major news site generating a lot of content . 
   the problem is omitting the technical solution which would solve the problem . 
  solving such problems is what i do for pay . 
   tim berners-lee clearly explains that hyperlinks in and of themselves are not endorsements of the content they lead to it 's not required that you * endorse * the use of drm circumvention software for you to assume liability by providing access to it . 
  provision/facilitation of access to materials for a crime assumes such liability , unless there is some alternative valid reason for providing such access . 
  there is no requirement that you endorse or encourage their use . 
  again , the fact that you used hyperlinks to provide/facilitate access is irrelevant - the hyperlink can not somehow insulate you from the fact that providing/facilitating access is what you were doing . 
   there were some similar situations documented in other european countries about a decade ago ; however if you wish to claim the german approach was common practice then you should demonstrate it . 
  liability for linking to illegal or copyrighted material is a pretty well-trodden area of law . 
  see , for example : http://www.linksandlaw.com/linkingcases-linkstoillegalmaterial.htm to get an idea of how common it is , try a google search on [ linking to illegal content ] ( https://www.google.ie/search?num=100&amp;newwindow=1&amp;safe=off&amp;espv=2&amp;q=linking+to+illegal+content&amp;oq=linking+to+illegal+content&amp;gs_l=serp.3..0.1917048.1923982.0.1924414.40.33.3.0.0.0.333.3961.0j21j3j1.25.0..2..0...1.1.64.serp..14.26.3658.0.5buyincnqxe ) . 
  i think you 'll find that `` endorsement '' is not the key factor - the provision of links is . 
   that leaves out the discussion of whether decss should ever be viewed as a `` crime '' in the first place : it should n't . 
  that 's a separate issue entirely , i 'm afraid . 
  the law may be wrong , but it is the law . 
  you can seek to get it changed by the legislature , but until such a time as you do , it 's the law . 
   then you should have said so . 
  should i have ? 
  after all , i was arguing that one could n't do it simply through the use of robots.txt when i said media could n't `` have their cake and eat it '' , and i did say `` not that way '' , not that it could n't be done . 
  there 's very little that ca n't be done with digital content in the digital realm . 
   what is the problem then ? 
  that 's a good question - it 's tempting to come up with an explanation based on the desires of the publishers , but the problem could equally well be a shortage in technical capacity or imagination . 
  the tricky bit is that what is n't available via google 's allowed exclusions is - funnily enough - the thing you want to do . 
  google allows these two options : * if you block access to googlebot-news , your content wo n't appear in google news . 
  * if you block access to googlebot , your content wo n't appear in google news or web search . 
  so you can block access to news & search , or news only , but what you want is to have full content available to search and restricted content available to news - basically the other way round , and only partial . 
  i was referring to the `` link myths '' , not the original case . 
  for that kind of case , there has been plenty of english coverage and analysis . 
  it 's not a uniquely german situation ( as might be linking to holocaust denial ) , on the contrary it was a major issue in the early stages of drm . 
  was there some way in which your summary was inadequate or inaccurate ? 
  i thought it was quite a good summary . 
  ok , i can see i 'm not likely to learn anything new here , and neither are you . 
  did you actually * read * the links you quoted ? 
   it is technically possible and feasible to generate a different web page based on the user agent detected with server-side scripting , possibly and optionally in combination with a check on originating ip subnet , in order to show only a title or a summary , and have that mechanism become inactive after a set period of time , at which point most ad revenue from a posted news article has already been accumulated . 
  yes , that 's certainly possible . 
  i 've even implemented it . 
   if google refuses to accept this and tries to evade such steps , they might as well have ignored robots.txt to begin with , so to counter this by claiming google would attempt to circumvent is negated by the facts as they stand . 
  i do n't think they 'd do so either - it would put them in a legally very weak position , where they would be clearly attempting to access copyrighted content against the preferences of its owners . 
   perhaps there are technical shortcomings to this approach ; however they are likely solvable . 
  interestingly , google already [ distinguishes between the news crawler and the search engine crawler ] ( https://support.google.com/news/publisher/answer/93977?rd=1 ) . 
  that should allow one to restrict content for the news service while showing it for the indexing service . 
   you are not reading the citations . 
  the citations have no bearing at all on your case , which is why i have n't mentioned them . 
  none of the `` link myths '' are related to their role in your case , nor , as far as i can see , is tim berners-lee relevant in any way . 
  which of them did you think was relevant ? 
  were i you , i would try to understand what the other person is saying , rather than trying to browbeat them with authority . 
  or , at least , if you 're going to do the latter , do the former as well - it would at least make the browbeating rather more accurate !, 
   nobody said the `` hyperlink itself would be made illegal in all cases '' , as you now seem to be implying er , no . 
  what i said was that the hyperlink had no real relevance in your case - it was simply the vehicle by which you were promoting crimes . 
   the issue is about whether an external hyperlink can cause legal liability in any case . 
  there is definitely nothing in the hyperlink which in some way protects you from the consequences of illegal actions , which makes your statement here rather bizarre . 
  your legal liability is established by you providing access to software which has no purpose but the commission of crime . 
  if you chose to write out the link as plain text rather than a hyperlink , or even publish it offline , that would make absolutely no difference to your liability , because it makes absolutely no difference to either your intent or the eventual result . 
  if you see the hyperlinking itself as a technical act , or as a technical mode of access , as somehow relevant in your case , i can only say you 're very confused . 
  it seems to me that you somehow believe that a hyperlink is in some obscure way legally different from any other means of facilitating access to content .
