  in which case , again , why ca n't we vote for ginger haired people not to practice dentistry ? 
  it 's an economic activity , so why ca n't we abrogate their rights ? 
   you must be real proud of yourself , spouting that paternalising demeaning crap . 
  too bad , you really seemed to be capable of having a polite discussion without having to resort to that kind of tripe . 
  yes , i was being rude , but not gratuitously - it was a way of saying `` hold up , i thought we were having a sane discussion , and you 've just said something so barking mad it casts a huge shadow over your previous comments and the possibility of further discussion '' . 
  really , what can i say but `` you need to think it through again '' ? 
  there is n't an un-patronising way to put that other than to make the comment so wishy-washy as to pass without notice - rather than which , i chose to make it ( mildly ) offensive enough to * require * notice . 
  admittedly , that runs the risk of my rudeness overshadowing my comments in turn , but there we go - i 'm not sure a discussion where one party holds a really daft notion as some kind of fundamental tenet is ever going to be fruitful . 
  i genuinely apologise for offending ( i wo n't claim i did n't think you 'd be offended , given it was intentional ) , but i also do genuinely mean you really need to think that notion through properly . 
  hopefully it 's a half-baked notion which you have n't properly examined . 
  so , again - and whether it 's rude or not to do so , i guess - i 'd suggest you think pretty hard about the idea that democracy can only exist if voter choices are cost-free . 
  it 's a popular concept , certainly , but so is the concept of a free lunch , and it 's equally infantile ( literally ) . 
  all real-world choices have costs , so a claim that voters should not face the costs of decisions is absurd , because they * must * , while a claim that they should not factor in costs is irresponsible to the point of recklessness . 
  if you choose to prefer umbrage over continued discussion , fair enough , i obviously accept your right to do so ( without compensation , despite any legitimate expectations of future discussion that may have been created earlier ... ) . 
   the eurosceptic right ( rather than europhobic , there is a difference ) basically want what was promised to them in 1975 , a trading block and little more . 
  nobody was * ever * promised a trading bloc and nothing else . 
  the eu has included the aspiration to `` ever closer union '' from the very beginning . 
  the uk tried to set up such a group - efta - while they were being blocked by de gaulle , but nobody turned out to prefer efta over ` ever closer union ' . 
   they can already call for motions of no confidence . 
  the parliaments have generally been constitutionally empowered to deal with the executive , and the need for such machinary to extend to the eu sounds like a failure of national democracy . 
  i think there * is * a general failure of national democracy in terms of national legislatures having control over the actions of their executives in creating european legislation - usually a result of eu affairs being treated as foreign affairs , which was traditionally an executive privilege . 
  personally , i 'd support this move ( and further ) . 
  it 's past time the national legislatures rather than executives were empowered within the eu . 
   the eu could easily stand to streamline ; though that will certainly not be the case for the foreseeable future . 
  sure - you just need to get the poles to agree to drop the use of polish , the finnish to drop the use of finnish , the spanish to drop the use of spanish , the irish to drop the use of irish , etc etc. 
  you can see the difficulties . 
  how vague wordy aspirations got into a constitutional document ? 
  the usual way , i guess , given that pretty much every such document has them . 
   but it is a goose and it 's laying quite a few golden eggs . 
  which is ok if everyone else does n't mind living in a goose cage and eating goose food . 
   the act of taking of privately owned property by a government to be used for the benefit of the public http://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/expropriation.asp well played - i concede that . 
   anyway , rendering property useless does not fall within the definition . 
  but equally , it does fall within ` damages ' or ` losses ' . 
   it was rendered useless to vattenfells because the prospected gains collapsed . 
  and had it been a purely speculative build , rather than one encouraged by the government in question , i 'd be ok with them not getting compensation . 
   why is that important ? 
  should n't states be able to change laws ? 
  it 's important because vattenfall invested on the basis of the original legal restrictions and the assurance that they would be in force . 
  had the original restrictions never existed , vattenfall could have no legitimate expectation of them being in force . 
   since it 's a environmental law which changes future gains , it 's neither arbitrary ( there are good environmental reasons for it ) nor expropriation . 
  i 'm not sure what makes you believe that an environmental law necessarily has good reasons . 
  the original law complied with the government 's obligations , making the change unnecessary and therefore arbitrary . 
  no new evidence was presented , and no new obligations had come into force . 
   i do n't see anyone advocating that . 
  what i advocate is that companies , their shareholders and their employees should live by the laws the democratic representation of the people make . 
  however arbitrary or unfair those laws may be . 
  let 's tease it out a little further - would you support a majority-voted law denying red-haired people from practising dentistry ? 
   i am ok with being able to get awarded compensation for failing to predict the political climate . 
  i just do n't agree with the obligation for governments to do so . 
  it 's not an obligation , though - the company affected can take a case , but may not win . 
   so you support choice , just not a free choice ah , the word ` free ' . 
  you have the freedom to choose all kinds of things that impose a cost on you - we can describe your choice as free - in the sense that you can make any decision whether it costs or not - or not free - in the sense that the decisions have costs . 
   i 'm sorry , but having to pay for a specific choice ( namely , environmental friendly policy ) changes the willingness of people to make that choice - thus destroying the democratic process . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's hilarious . 
  everything worth doing has a cost attached , and those costs can not be avoided - you can * vote * for a manned mission to mars , a hospital for everyone , and no taxes . 
  you just ca n't * have * them all . 
  in the view you 've just laid out , the very existence of costs means no democracy . 
  but there is nowhere , except la-la land , where decisions do not have costs and consequences . 
  according to you , democracy and the real world can not co-exist at all . 
  i suggest you think that one through again , * really * hard . 
  really , really hard . 
  good luck !, 
   the first one of which is related to future gains , and both of which are not expropriation . 
  again , you 're using `` expropriation '' to mean only when company assets are taken into government hands , but that 's not what it means . 
  expropriation is when assets of the company are denied to the company , be they taken into government hands , destroyed , or rendered useless . 
  vattenfall 's plant was rendered useless to them , which is expropriation . 
  the damages are n't , but then i have n't said expropriation is the only issue - just that future notional earnings are n't , although as i said , the future earnings from an asset do form one of the main ways an asset is valued . 
  but a company can not sue except where it has suffered damages . 
   so no money was awarded , but due to the court case , hamburg decided to change its environmental policy - in fact changing it from the one preferred by the population in favour of the company . 
  well , changed it * back * , which is a rather important point . 
  the city originally had a set of environmental restrictions , which was the basis on which vattenfall spent money and took on commitments - the city then changed the restrictions as a result of political change . 
  vattenfall sued ( eventually ) , and the city changed them back to something vattenfall could live with . 
   i know it 's just an opinion , but i 'd rather live in a democratic state than one ruled by corporations / hyperbole . 
  yeah , i kind of swing both ways on that vattenfall case . 
  on the one hand , tighter environmental restrictions is something i 'd support - had i been a hamburg voter , i would have been voting for the guy who changed the restrictions . 
  on the other hand , i do n't support the idea that a government can arbitrarily expropriate either - i 'm not exactly a `` human rights for companies '' person , but it offends my sense of justice , no matter how many people voted for it . 
  i could reconcile the two by telling myself , as many people do , that anyone who 's a shareholder or an employee at a corporation is essentially a non-person when it comes to moral calculus - but i do n't believe one should * ever * do that . 
  so , on balance , a system where companies with legitimate expectations which are overturned by government actions - even government actions i personally agree with - can be awarded compensation is ok by me . 
  i keep the right to make choices , but my choices are n't cost-free . 
  the choice is n't actually between democracy or corporatocracy , it 's between cost-free democracy and democracy where some decisions cost more than others . 
  no - i suggest you read vattenfall 's application : http://www.italaw.com/sites/default/files/case-documents/ita0889.pdf the issue is the loss of value of the plant , and the claims by sub-contractors against vattenfall . 
   yes it does . 
  it means that it changes the effects of the choices a government can make regarding companies , thus making it more unlikely to change laws ragarding companies . 
  a government that wants to keep investors sweet is in the same position with or without isds . 
   which is rather subjective . 
  that 's why we have a democracy in the first place - to make laws which correspond with the subjective wants and needs of the population . 
  the german government settled in the first vattenfells case , by the way , giving the company a huge ( though undisclosed ) amount of money . 
  er , wrong * again * . 
  no money is involved at all - not even the costs were awarded , the parties split them . 
  you can read the award here : http://www.italaw.com/sites/default/files/case-documents/ita0890.pdf to be honest , i do n't think you know anything about the vattenfall case except what you 've read in media , and i 'm not sure you 're picking media whose commitment to accuracy trumps their agendas . 
   you did n't bring an example to the table so i made one up . 
  if you know a better one ... well , let 's take a step back . 
  the point was your claim that companies could put pressure on law firms to favour them in arbitration - my point was that governments can do the same . 
  the belgian government can put pressure on a law firm by exactly the same method a company does - not awarding it contracts , not using its services . 
  however , the government also has a variety of other pressure avenues - adverse regulation , harassment through repeated investigations , tax audits , leaving the company out of schemes and the like . 
  the reason i rejected the belgian govt/us law firm example is because there 's no reason for the belgian govt to use arbitrators from the us . 
   thanks for recognizing that . 
  it should be in my opinion a free market issue whether or not a country recieves investments . 
  if country has a bad track record than it has to do more concessions than one which does n't . 
  there really is no need for arbitrational courts .
