  we do n't have any eu political integration currently that is not the result of economic integration , with the possible exception of the euro , which was politically driven economic integration . 
  and repeal it again next year , re-institute it the year after - all depending on whether the papers at the time are mostly covering some terrible crime or some terrible miscarriage of justice . 
  like any decision-making system , you need both regular experience of it and to experience the effects of it . 
  if you hold a very occasional one in a polity that is used to its establishment making their decisions in a way that seems divorced from public opinion , then you 'll always get the same result - the public uses it as an opportunity to kick the establishment and regards it as consequence-free . 
   but that 's where trump the art of the deal fails in international politics . 
  it 's a different game . 
  it 's insane to be this belligerent with sovereign countries ( and allies ! ) . 
  it provokes backlash and political opposition to any deal . 
  yep . 
  business is just business - trade is part of politics , and there 's multiple other dimensions to what you do there . 
  you do n't go to the golf club together afterwards , because the golf club has been nationalised , sold , taken over by revolutionaries , then blown up in a series of moves kicked off by you signalling that you 're willing to ditch long-term alliances as part of a ` tough negotiating strategy ' . 
  sure . 
  if he really does what he says he 'll do in the fashion he says it , it bids fair to be the opening move of a world trade war . 
  i wonder , though , whether the rhetoric boils down to [ the same thing india has just done ] ( http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/foreign-trade/india-seeks-fresh-treaties-with-47-nations/articleshow/52458524.cms ) ? 
  he gets a couple of cheap hits out of binning tpp and ttip , and then does a review exercise on the others , with renegotiation an aim . 
  but renegotiation of something like nafta would take his entire first term , i would think . 
  we have regular trade spats with the us - steel , bananas , state aid to aerospace companies come immediately to mind as recent . 
  they end up at the wto in a welter of cases , appeals , and counter-appeals . 
   it will probably anger all neonazi communities everywhere well , that would be just awful . 
   this was his proposed buisness district in central paris yes , that 's the siene . 
  it 's like the barbican on steroids . 
  that just puts the pilgrimage site at the fence , and every now and again enough pilgrims get together to breach the fence . 
  removal removes the problem . 
  he 's being paid to * be * an mep . 
  it does n't matter whose money it is . 
  it 'd be interesting to see which us states score highly . 
  i do n't think it will be all 50 of them , but on their own it 's quite possible states like california would come top of the ranking . 
  it also works if you require a majority of the voting public to be in favour of something before it gets turned into law - which is often the rule applied to constitutional changes . 
  it 's a deliberately conservative setup which means that changes only happen when they 're strongly wanted . 
  the outcome is no less democratic than a simple plurality , since the means of determining the outcome are democratic . 
  well , at least we agree that numbers matter . 
  and in this case , 0.77 x 0.6 = 0.462 . 
  not a majority , so it might as well be three out of four . 
  the principle is the same . 
  btw , have you ever considered leaving out the bad words ? 
  they add nothing . 
  would you pass something if only four people voted , just because three of them voted for it ? 
  claiming people voted for something that was n't actually on the ballot paper is * always * dishonest . 
   nobody voted for a `` soft brexit '' . 
  nobody voted for any specific kind of brexit . 
  it was n't on the ballot paper . 
  well , process them appropriately to determine their status . 
  awrighty !, 
   sure , you could pay very low taxes in ireland . 
  but ireland seems to get a huge amount of the attention . 
  there are low tax schemes in many countries . 
  hell , even the scheme you are referring to is actually called `` the double irish with a dutch sandwich '' or `` other people do it too '' . 
  i could criticise the netherlands for their assistance in tax avoidance structures , but i 'm irish , not dutch . 
   i 'm pretty sure it approved the mechanism for calculating the taxes ? 
  nope . 
  there was n't really a ` mechanism ' so much as simply an agreement - apple made an offer , the revenue accepted it . 
  the offer consisted of an agreed notional profit margin for taxation purposes - 25 to 30 % of turnover for apple ireland . 
  everything else was ascribed to the non-resident ` head office ' which did nothing except held some board meetings to make decisions about `` distribution of dividends , administrative arrangements and cash management '' , not operating decisions ( thus , not the locus of control , and bearing no risks ) :  the commission 's investigation has shown that the tax rulings issued by ireland endorsed an artificial internal allocation of profits within apple sales international and apple operations europe , which has no factual or economic justification . 
  as a result of the tax rulings , most sales profits of apple sales international were allocated to its `` head office '' when this `` head office '' had no operating capacity to handle and manage the distribution business , or any other substantive business for that matter . 
  only the irish branch of apple sales international had the capacity to generate any income from trading , i.e. 
  from the distribution of apple products . 
  therefore , the sales profits of apple sales international should have been recorded with the irish branch and taxed there . 
   the `` head office '' did not have any employees or own premises . 
  the only activities that can be associated with the `` head offices '' are limited decisions taken by its directors ( many of which were at the same time working full-time as executives for apple inc. ) on the distribution of dividends , administrative arrangements and cash management . 
  these activities generated profits in terms of interest that , based on the commission 's assessment , are the only profits which can be attributed to the `` head offices '' . 
   similarly , only the irish branch of apple operations europe had the capacity to generate any income from trading , i.e. 
  from the production of certain lines of computers for the apple group . 
  therefore , sales profits of apple operation europe should have been recorded with the irish branch and taxed there . 
  the question of whether the apple deal was individual or simply followed some set of standard rules was also looked at :  as part of its investigation , the eu asked ireland for several tax rulings issued by revenue to companies with a similar structure to the one set up by apple , where part of an irish firm was ` stateless ' . 
   the commission said it was unable to identify `` any consistent set of rules that generally apply to all non-resident companies operating through a branch in ireland '' . 
   `` irish revenue 's profit allocation ruling practice is too inconsistent to constitute an appropriate reference system against which the contested tax rulings could be examined for determining whether asi and aoe received a selective advantage as a result of the rulings , '' it said . 
  that suggests that there was n't a mechanism for anyone to approve , but a series of ad-hoc deals made on a company by company basis . 
  almost impossible for there not to be a state aid issue , even if that were not the intention . 
  no , both would accept it . 
  the main difference is that fine gael is very opposed to armed nationalism - which is why a fine gael/sinn fein coalition would be unworkable . 
  sure . 
  the ` old english ' were also catholic . 
  here you go : http://www.kevinbyrne.ie/pubs/byrneomalley2013b.pdf, 
   so with these polls it looks like it 'll be a coalition of ff and fg ? 
  historically highly unlikely . 
  the two parties may not differ much ideologically , but they represent different ` traditions ' and different approaches to the work of government as well as to the ` national question ' of the north . 
  for example , an ff-sinn fein coalition is unlikely but possible , whereas an fg-sinn fein coalition is nearly impossible . 
  by tradition , the two large parties represent the two sides in the irish civil war that followed independence , which was largely fought on the question of whether to accept the partition of the north or not . 
  research work done recently suggests that fine gael is dominated by the ` old english ' ( the descendants of norman and english settlers ) while fianna f\u00e1il is dominated by the ` native irish ' , so there 's a split there that goes back centuries . 
  and fine gael do represent a more ` british ' approach to governance than ff does . 
  i take your point , but would say that while economic liberalism is antithetical to the left , it is not to the right - although i 'd certainly agree that the broad right tends to adopt economic liberalism only insofar as it tends to support the status quo and social hierarchy and that the economist 's support for it does n't stem from that . 
   are you also claiming that a newspaper is far left wing when they believe in climate change or evolution . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying at all . 
  i thought you said that * i * had to be left-wing ? 
  what does evolution or climate change have to do with left or right wing economics , as opposed to simple idiocy ? 
   no the economist is centrist within normal european politics and there position is roughly what the majority of economists believe . 
  normal european politics is currently right of centre by traditional reckoning , and the current fashion in economics likewise . 
  that does n't make the economist centrist , it just makes it part of the dominant paradigm . 
   but economical liberalism is not a left or right thing . 
  well , no , it 's really * not * a left-wing thing :  economic liberalism is the ideological belief in organizing the economy on individualist and voluntarist lines , meaning that the greatest possible number of economic decisions are made by individuals and not by collective institutions or organizations . 
  that 's pretty much by definition not left-wing , at least in any traditional sense of left-wing . 
  well , you asked for a very brief description of their positions . 
  neither would , or could , be credible if they were dogmatic . 
  over many years of reading the economist i think i can count left-wing articles on the fingers of one and a bit hands . 
  they 're not dogmatically orthodox , that 's all , as i said - they 're certainly willing to entertain sensible left-wing ideas , but usually present them in a way that suggests they 're sensible * despite * being left wing . 
  ` far left ' ? 
  the economist is not centrist , except perhaps within the spectrum of economic liberalism and free-marketry . 
  very basically neoliberal ( economist ) and ordoliberal ( handelsblatt ) , but it might be better to think of them as ideological attitudes rather than expecting doctrinaire orthodoxy . 
  about even on intellectual credibility , but different in ideology . 
  the economist would be more respected in the anglosphere , because its ideology is anglo .
