  the daily mail 's `` enemies of the people '' headline about the judges in the article 50 case is populism . 
  theresa may 's claim that she is `` carrying out the will of the people '' by trying to start the brexit process without parliamentary debate or vote is populism . 
  populism is popular , but trying to be popular is not populism . 
  merkel is no populist , just an astute german politician rather than a european stateswoman . 
  i 'm not sure that trump is actually a populist - we 'll have to see whether he tries to claim the `` will of the people '' as a way of brushing aside `` obstacles '' . 
  theresa may and the current uk government * are * populist . 
  i 'm pretty sure that all happens already : [ scientific advice for policy-makers in the eu ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/eprs/eprs-briefing-559512-scientific-advice-for-policy-makers-in-the-eu-final.pdf ) there are various scientific bodies advising the eu , both independent and from within the commission 's dg research . 
  however , those streams of advice do n't put politicians in direct contact with scientists as * people * - and as a general rule , politicians are `` people people '' . 
  personal contact with scientists is likely to give them a greater feeling for the nuances of scientific advice than just the advice . 
  this one helps protect against piracy off the horn of africa , which is a problem for eu shipping and trade . 
  naval missions are a lot more expensive than this , and this has a lot of ancillary benefits . 
   are you seriously trying to argue that the german army is in a good condition ? 
  no - i would n't know enough to make such a claim at all . 
  just commenting that projection performance is n't a very good measure of defensive strength . 
  big difference between defensive power and power projection . 
  the uk and france have been the only european powers capable of that for some time , and even that is n't a large capability . 
  i think that if the french strikes had required unanimous eu permission , they would n't have happened . 
  it 's hard to think of a situation where every eu country would support aggression against another country . 
  piracy and peace-keeping , yes - but finland already does peace-keeping , as do we . 
  i think you could sell the idea that european integration is about `` taking back control '' , but you 'd need to show some action on that front . 
  it 's hard to claim when some nations hamstring any efforts at controlling multinationals , others hamstring efforts at rationalising immigration , and yet others hamstring efforts at any kind of foreign policy . 
  opposition to globalisation is mostly about the feeling ( largely justified ) that economic - and hence social - decisions are increasingly handed off to technical rules-setting bodies which appear to be happy to give multinationals free rein . 
  people are less interested in mainstream politics because politics decides less than it used to - sure , maybe that 's right , since politics has a terrible record when it comes to economics , but that does n't change the way people feel disenfranchised by it . 
  impressive productivity for dead guys . 
   there will now be ~ ~ a ~ ~ yet another person in the white house who thinks climate chance is fictional . 
   he was trying to woo the most simpleminded workers in cities like detroit that have been affected heavily by the economical climate . 
  global warming is a neat excuse to give for those people who just want to get their jobs back . 
  in that sense , though , he was only doing what every politician does , and many then carry into action . 
  other politicians may publicly talk the talk on climate change , but faced with a detroit , they all seek to carve out some exemption that means they do n't walk the walk . 
  i know - your point , though , was why i said `` sneer '' rather than `` smear '' . 
  also , i think it captures the style of the campaigns in question better - they were basically about going `` you ca n't be dumb enough to vote the other way '' . 
  hence `` sneer campaign '' rather than swear . 
  it was n't s typo . 
  he 's probably less socially conservative than any other republican candidate . 
  if we take nothing else from the brexit and trump results , it 's that sneer campaigns do n't work . 
  what , * all * the barracks ? 
   the uk has always been the most , or in the two three most eurosceptic counties it 's always been in a league of its own , really . 
  the other ` eurosceptical ' countries are more ` eurocritical ' . 
  wanglkers ? 
  i have to make the point again that apple has not repatriated overseas profits in 30 years . 
  `` eventually '' should n't really mean a generation or more . 
  that 's nice , but does n't cover the double irish , which was enabled by legislation . 
  sure - the same rule is applied by all countries bar the us and eritrea ( ? ) . 
  however , the double irish is mysteriously known as the double * irish * , almost as if * we 'd * done something additional to make it a usable legal tax avoidance mechanism ... ... and equally mysteriously , it seems that the tax rules that made it possible were n't just a mechanical outcome of applying the residency rule , but something that could be rescinded without affecting that rule . 
  almost as if the double irish were some kind of specially created thing for multinationals to use , rather than the apparently innocuous and obvious situation you 're making it out to be . 
  amazing !, 
  the increase dates from 2005 , when sweden broadened its legal definition of rape . 
  the figures rose rapidly after that , and have been steady through the migration crisis : https://swedishsurveyor.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/fullbordade_valdtakter_1975-2014.jpg?w=787&amp;h=663, 
  nothing else ? 
  were that really the case , every country would have such arrangements possible , and ireland would not have been under pressure to remove the possibility , nor done so . 
  irish governments made the double irish possible deliberately . 
  other countries did not . 
  this is the result of much broader and more detailed reporting , though . 
  not when it 's used by , for example , ireland as a justification for such massive corporate tax avoidance . 
  then it becomes just a hand-wave . 
   and the eu agreed it will leave taxation a national responsibility with ireland in exchange for ratifying the lisbon treaty after the irish voted against it in a referendum . 
  no - we got a clarification that lisbon did not change the fact that taxation is a national competence . 
  it was actually unnecessary , because lisbon * did n't * change that - it was just something claimed by our no side during the first referendum . 
  they still claimed it during the second referendum , though . 
  look at what you quoted :  `` nothing in the treaty of lisbon makes any change of any kind , for any member state , to the extent or operation of the competence of the european union in relation to taxation '' that is an additional statement tacked onto lisbon which makes a statement about the contents of lisbon , which were and remained exactly as before . 
   the irish in particular got an individual exception that allows them to keep outlawing abortion . 
  nor did we get an `` exception '' on abortion . 
  again , lisbon did not have anything in it that affected abortion rights , which are likewise a national-only competence . 
  again , the ` clarification ' is just that - a clarification that nothing in the treaty affected abortion . 
  again , look at what you quoted :  `` nothing in the treaty of lisbon attributing legal status to the charter of fundamental rights of the european union , or in the provisions of that treaty in the area of freedom , security and justice affects in any way the scope and applicability of the protection of '' the right to life , family and education provided by the constitution of ireland nothing in the treaty had any impact on anybody 's abortion laws . 
  nothing in the treaty had any impact on taxation either . 
  those things were already the case - the guarantees only clarified that and made it explicit . 
   they are liable for us corporation tax on all their profits the moment that cash pile is brought back to the us . 
  this idea some people here have that us corporations are getting away with paying no corporation tax on profits is nonsense , illiterate ranting . 
  it 's just delayed tax , it 's not actually avoided . 
  apple has not repatriated their overseas cash in 30 years , and do not ever have to do so - at what point does `` it 's just delayed '' stop working as an excuse ? 
   little englander i think the terms have changed meaning . 
  for example , from the daily mail :  why we should be proud of being little englanders ... with the eu in disarray and pride in our imperial past finally returning are we seeing the rebirth of a confident english identity ? 
  the original meaning of `` little englander '' would indeed be contradicted by `` pride in our imperial past '' . 
  the new meaning seems to be `` only dealing with the outside world on our terms , which definitely do n't include co-operation '' . 
  it also stands for pride in england specifically rather than the broader british identity . 
   they ca n't . 
  how article 50 is triggered is up to national legislation , it has nothing to do with eu court . 
  a ruling that article 50 is reversible would undermine the grounds for requiring parliamentary triggering of it . 
  only the cjeu could make such a ruling , although ( a ) i do n't think there 's any chance of them doing so , and ( b ) the uk government already accepted that article 50 was irreversible . 
  the cjeu * could * rule that article 50 was n't irrevocable or irreversible , which would in fact nullify the basis for this ruling . 
  but the uk government winning the right to use royal prerogative to trump the uk parliament by courtesy of an eu ruling ... no , i do n't think even the brexit farce can go quite * that * far . 
   what they need is actually better pr organisation and people who are competent at their job that 's not really the problem , and you would find yourself in exactly the same position as the current people , i 'm afraid , were you to get your wish . 
  the problem is that , first , communications is treated as a ` despatch ' function at the service of the commission rather than something in itself . 
  that is , its job is to tell the media what the commission wants to tell it . 
  communications is the commission telling you what they want to say - an extended spokesperson function . 
  second , the brussels bubble . 
  what the commission is doing is incredibly important within the commission . 
  therefore it 's absolutely vital that these incredibly important things be communicated to the outside world . 
  and brussels knows best . 
  the eu 's people `` on the ground '' in the member states certainly do n't , while journalists are frankly wrong-headed . 
  third , the commission does not see itself as political . 
  it understands that some of what it does is political , but when confronted with the standard rough and tumble response to political communication , it retreats in high dudgeon to the posture of a politically neutral expert . 
  fourth , the civil service fear of getting things wrong trumps every other consideration . 
  no information can be allowed to be communicated until it has been vetted and re-vetted , and the language of the release echoes as far as possible the legalities of its sources . 
  these are problems common to every large organisation , and which i have lectured on for years in respect of websites , where companies tend at first blush to communicate incredibly boring product news , list their products according to their internal divisions , and fill with outrage if anyone dares dislike what they say or do . 
  the problem is far more acute in governmental and quasi-governmental communications , because there is no market discipline to erode the effects . 
  the problem is not usually solvable from the bottom up , either - it requires persuasion of those at the top , and the opportunity to do that is rare , and is almost always driven by internal considerations rather than external ones . 
   i understand the request for legal security , but it would require me to restrict the ability of my government to sign contracts like this . 
  only if the intention in signing the contract is not to honour it .
