  we do n't let people accused of serial killings appoint a lawyer of their choice as one of the three judges either . 
  no , we try him in front of a jury of his peers , where his lawyer can reject jurors . 
   that 's definitely an improvement , although conceivably judges could still try to cultivate a business-positive image to dip in a lucrative aftercareer , so it 's not watertight . 
  that reduces their options to being picked by one side . 
   so far the application of isds has been fairly limited . 
  let 's keep it that way . 
  1400 treaties is `` limited '' , but another one ( call it the equivalent of another 28 if you prefer ) will somehow be completely different ? 
   in addition , the effect is a deterrent : governments will avoid what could end in huge damage claims ten years down the road , and as such will avoid displeasing big companies with the resources to conduct such a legal battle . 
  there is an argument for a `` chilling effect '' , undeniably , but the very cases that opponents of isds cite suggest that it amounts to very little . 
  after all , governments also have such resources - more , even . 
   no , international treaties can not be amended as easily . 
  laws can and are changed and adjusted often , international treaties can not unless negotiations are reopened . 
  that is , of course , true . 
  but international deals do rather have to involve international agreements . 
   no , why do you reduce my position to that ? 
  if i do n't recall correctly , i do n't . 
  i recalled you as citing that particularly , but it could have been someone else , or it could just be one bit of the kitchen sink being thrown . 
   the executive power in a democracy executes verdicts and is overseen by the other two powers . 
  the judiciary are one of those powers . 
  i thought we were talking about oversight * of * the judiciary . 
   because their careers depend on their tendency to represent the interests of business . 
  they depend on their ability to represent businesses against * each other * , that being what most ( nearly all , even ) business cases involve . 
  that 's not a ` pro-business ' bias . 
  and in isds cases , while the business might choose to pick someone with a pro-business bias ( although there 's hardly enough isds cases for that to develop ) , the government would as obviously pick someone with a ` pro-government ' bias , and both parties would want someone neutral for the third arbitrator . 
  on top of that , the eu is looking to have arbitrators who are retired judges and the like rather than active lawyers , because there * is * a possible risk of a ` revolving door ' situation , or a conflict of interests if the lawyer comes from a business consulting firm ( although most of the business consulting firms are at least as heavily used by governments as businesses ) . 
   the `` elites '' tended to be pro-gay rights earlier than the general population . 
  damn those elites . 
   i 'm not sure how irish politics works but in germany the government usually takes public opinion and that of journalists into account when writing and passing new laws . 
  significant protests on the streets and in writing are not completely ignored . 
   that did n't happen with ttip . 
  the eu commission pretends it released the negotiating mandate in response to public criticism , the truth is it was leaked and that forced the commission 's hand . 
  the one would n't be the case without the other . 
  plenty of things get leaked , and are simply denied or no-commented - the reason for the difference here is the large public interest and protests . 
  i do n't recall * any * cases where an institution 's hand was ` forced ' by a leak into releasing not only the leaked document but ancillary documents , so i do n't buy that view . 
  unlikely unless ttip is as bad a thing as its opponents claim , in which case it seems a certainty . 
  the mechanism is there . 
   are we only allowed to protest if it 's a direct unmitigated usurpation of power ? 
  obviously not , but if you 're going to claim it 's something it 's not , it seems reasonable to correct that . 
   this limits the space of action of a government : they simply can not afford to pay the heavy compensation should they wish to go against the interpretation for the court for good or for bad reasons . 
  that effect does n't seem to have happened , though . 
  can you name any legislation at all which was n't proceeded with on the basis of a possible isds case ? 
  in the past 50 years of isds there must be something , surely , if the effect is so bad . 
   the laws they apply and the execution of their verdicts are . 
  the laws they apply are agreed by a democratic legislature - as ttip will also be if it passes - and interpretation is in the hands of the judges alone , which is , if i recall correctly , the bit you found repugnant in ttip . 
  execution of their verdicts is n't overseen that i 'm aware of , what with independence of the judiciary and all, 
   gee , why would lawyers who specialize in business law be pro-business ?? 
  that 's right - why ? 
  it 's only `` obvious '' if you assume it . 
   if someone can tell you to pay , he has power over you . 
  he has a very specific and limited power , and definitely not the power to overrule governments as you claimed . 
   if you give people those kind of powers , they have to be kept in check by an overseeing institution , according to democratic principles . 
  only if you 're delegating the power to make enduring regulations . 
  judges ' decisions in compensation cases are not in fact overseen by an institution . 
   no , ttip looks to build a wall over that landscape and declare one side of it free trade forever . 
  you should perhaps read up on the details . 
   there 'll be no going back . 
  er , yes , there can be . 
   that 's nonsense . 
  why should the ruling being correct be the default ? 
  not sure i get how that relates . 
   given that they win any cases at all does indeed indicate that . 
  why would a random panel of business lawyers not be biased towards business interests . 
  why would they be ? 
  they do n't work for the businesses in question . 
  but it seems by your view that companies winning any cases is evidence of pro-business bias that from your perspective nearly anyone is going to be pro-business biased !, 
  if they can be overruled by isds courts then governments do no longer have the same power . 
  isds panels can not * overrule * governments . 
  all they can do is decide whether compensation is due . 
   national political structures can adjust the policy and laws according to their needs , international treaties are much less flexible . 
  sure - but it 's an international deal , and national political structures can only set policy and laws for themselves . 
   there 's a whole landscape of conditionality in between . 
  there is , and ttip looks to lie somewhere in that landscape . 
  it 's not going to be a completely free trade treaty - maybe a quarter of non tariff barriers in some sectors , and ` sensitive ' sectors will still be getting a lot of protection ( food , cultural in particular ) . 
   just because it 's the way things were done in the past then it does not also mean it 's the right way . 
  these `` negotiations '' have been inherently antidemocratic and it 's shameful . 
  the public should be more involved in these kinds of treaties as the current level of involvement ( none at all ) is extremely insufficient . 
  how many treaties have even had a public consultation as part of them , as this one has ? 
  how many treaties have ever published working documents ( and position papers , and impact reports , and negotiating mandates ) on an ongoing basis during negotiations ? 
  this is by far and away the * most * transparent and public treaty negotiation ever , by several streets and a major highway . 
  yet people constantly talk about it as if it 's somehow worse than any other . 
   i am merely lamenting the fact that instead of discussing different visions for an eu-us treaty how many different visions for a free trade treaty are actually possible , though ? 
  for protectionism of any kind we do n't need a treaty , and protectionism or freedom of trade basically covers the trade options spectrum bilaterally . 
   politicians decided themselves and thereby raised the stakes so that the final choice will be one between yay or nay . 
  that is what the executive in any polity does , though - decides policy and starts the ball rolling on whatever that policy implies in terms of action . 
  well put . 
  still a little weird to someone from a neutral and resolutely non-bellicose country . 
   i know , that 's the problem . 
  in a company even the productivity of the people with good moral compasses is converted into profits in the end . 
  apple makes the lives of people with money super comfortable , has it made the lives of the chinese workers who make its products comfortable ? 
  you could ask `` more or less comfortable than they would have been otherwise ? '' . 
  and , oddly enough , it could be the case that apple have made the lives of chinese workers proportionally better than they have made the lives of people with money - for a chinese worker , the apple factory job may make the difference between educational outcomes for their kids , which is not something an ipad has done for people in the first world . 
   the law of the land , not the law of the arbitration panel . 
  but it is the law of the land , not the law of the arbitration panel - if ttip passes ( and contains isds ) then it will have done so because it has been voted on by national parliaments , just as the law of the land is . 
  indeed , it will have been passed by 29 national parliaments ( 28 eu , 1 us ) and the european parliament as well . 
  if you 're asking for the rules of isds to have a democratic mandate , then to come into force they need a democratic mandate from nearly a billion people . 
   neither of us has the case files . 
  let 's agree that it 's not at all clear on what the ruling was based , and whether that decision was correct . 
  not really - first , absence of evidence may not be evidence of absence , but it 's much better evidence for absence than it is for the reverse . 
  second , if you are correct , then bilcon really does n't have a case , and we 'll be able to add bilcon to the majority of failed isds cases . 
   35 % chance of winning is rather high .
