  if action by the union should prove necessary to facilitate the exercise of the right referred to in article 20 ( 2 ) ( a ) , and if the treaties have not provided the necessary powers , the council , acting in accordance with a special legislative procedure , may adopt provisions concerning passports , identity cards , residence permits or any other such document . 
  the council shall act unanimously after consulting the european parliament . 
   foreign companies can ask for ( hefty ) compensation for national policy , no , they can only sue for actual damages , in cases where they had a reasonable expectation ( usually through a contract or agreement ) that policy would be stable . 
   which has a `` chilling effect '' on public policy . 
  this is claimed and claimed and claimed , yet nobody has shown that the existence of isds in over a thousand free trade agreements has caused regulatory chill . 
   see veolia suing egypt for 82 million dollars because egypt raised its minimum wage . 
  veolia is suing over breach of contract , having contracted to run experimental waste plant pilots for the city of cairo at cost . 
  their contract included a clause that raised their rates to cover their costs in the event of any government action that raised their labour costs . 
  the government raised the minimum wage , but refused to pay the raised rates stipulated in their contract with veolia . 
   also see new zealand suspending its policy on neutral cigarette packaging because of the isds suit between philip morris and australia . 
  canada also suspended this after an american tobacco company threatened with an isds suit . 
  policy delay is not regulatory chill , but a sensible response to any lawsuit initiated on foot of a policy ( of which there are many more avenues than isds ) . 
  but philip morris ' case failed late last year , as was expected , and new zealand expects to introduce the plain packaging law by the end of this year : http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/politics/76917027/tobacco-plain-packaging-likely-to-be-law-by-end-of-year-john-key  since 1994 , european countries have had to pay at least 1.3 billion euros in compensation in isds suits ( 3 billion if you count settlements ) . 
  and that 's a conservative figure . 
  $ 3bn in 22 years , across 28 countries ( 15 for half of it , so say 20 countries ) . 
  so much money !, 
  easily , what , $ 6.8 million per year per country ? 
  this is n't just small change , it 's next to nothing . 
  i suspect that the countries concerned have spent more money on settling parking charge disputes in the same period . 
  isds , in nearly 60 years of existence , has generated only about 600 cases total . 
  and you 've just informed me that the total cost of isds probably does n't even register in eu government budgets , either . 
  this is n't just mountain out of a molehill stuff . 
  this is everest out of a pimple . 
   irexit our media have used this one . 
  has its own tag on a popular online media site , even . 
  should really be eirexit for extra nationalism , although that sounds like a brand of toilet paper . 
  sure - it 's generally seen as `` we 're pretty sure they did it , but do n't have enough evidence to prove it '' . 
  or , colloquially , `` not guilty but do n't do it again '' . 
  so if you walk away from court with a `` not proven '' , you * are * acquitted , but the cloud of suspicion remains - a moral judgement separate from the legal one . 
  the main reason for it is the requirement for corroboration under scottish law . 
  a single witness against you is insufficient , but if the court is convinced of the truth of the single witness ' story , they can return `` not proven '' . 
  the long version is on wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/not_proven, 
   this shows just one thing about the dutch people ; they do n't give a fuck about ukraine . 
  which should be a possible result in referendums . 
  maybe rendered in more flowery language . 
  a bit like scottish law has `` guilty '' , `` not guilty '' , and `` not proven '' - perhaps `` yes '' , `` no '' , and `` do n't care '' . 
  people , as a rule , are far better judges of character than they are of complex technical issues . 
  and that 's very much a 21st century viewpoint . 
   its a politicians job to explain why ttip is so great and why we should sign it . 
     too bad most politicians dont understand it either and just fight for it because the lobbyist told them to . 
  this is the referendum/representative dilemma in a nutshell . 
   they were lying their arses off with the scottish independence referendum . 
  in the end they actually got in serious trouble for it . 
  i 'm fairly sure the director was forced to resign well , no , the controversy was over the fact that they registered as an official no supporter , lost a lot of scottish members , and de-registered . 
  funny what people remember . 
  the confederation of british industry is a lobbying group , sure , but you could say that in this case they 're putting their money where their mouth is - or perhaps their mouth where their money is . 
  in other words , they would n't be saying there were economic benefits to eu membership unless there were economic benefits to eu membership . 
  that , and what they 're saying is in line with what other analyses show . 
  financial/economic advantages from the confederation of british industry : http://news.cbi.org.uk/reports/our-global-future/factsheets/ european movement - digital single market , but they have others : http://euromove.org.uk/britaingainsdsm uk-eu economic relation from the parliament : http://www.parliament.uk/briefing-papers/sn06091.pdf economics help , benefits of membership : http://econ.economicshelp.org/2007/03/benefits-of-european-union.html ft , what has the eu done for the uk ? 
  : http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/202a60c0-cfd8-11e5-831d-09f7778e7377.html#axzz45tfrrdvt and ukip 's '' # 55m a day '' figures for cost are well off , not slightly off :  mythbusting : does the eu cost britain # 55m a day ? 
   many eurosceptics rage against the uk 's annual # 18bn transfer to the eu . 
  nigel farage , leader of the pro-brexit uk independence party , has claimed that being in the bloc costs britain # 55m a day -- which adds up to more than # 20bn a year . 
   but the uk 's net transfer to the eu falls far short of such claims . 
  a rebate secured by margaret thatcher in 1984 emphatically reduced the bill from the headline figure . 
  london sent # 13bn to brussels last year . 
  against that , the uk received # 4.5 bn from the eu in regional aid and agricultural subsidies , and the private sector received a further # 1.4 bn direct from the eu budget . 
   that takes the net cost of membership to about # 7bn , less than half a per cent of national income -- about # 260 a year for each british household . 
   another often-quoted figure -- the reported # 33bn cost of regulation -- comes from an impact assessment by open europe , a think-tank , of 100 eu rules . 
  but it is based on only one side of the balance sheet . 
  even though he does not like many of these regulations , raoul ruparel , the think-tank 's co-director , says the benefits of the regulations are `` much higher '' than the costs and `` clearly not all of [ the costs ] would disappear after brexit '' . 
   i 'm unsure if you 've ever worked with government i have , fairly regularly . 
  i enjoy working * with * them , but shudder at the thought of working * for * them . 
   changes of government very rarely ( at least in states that are n't a total mess ) result in not honoring previous engagements which is one reason why isds cases are rare ( and usually involve states which are a bit of a mess , or disconnects between different government responsibility silos ) . 
  much is made of the numbers , but - referring again to the graph - you 're looking at 50-60 cases in 2012 across about 100 ftas , 18 in 2010 for about 90 ftas , both worldwide . 
  those numbers are tiny . 
  and the amounts involved do n't make the figures much bigger - an average award of $ 106m in the 25 % of cases won by companies would make the monetary value somewhere between $ 1.5 bn and $ 450m a year , again * globally * . 
  if we generously assume that the cases settled out of court were equivalent , then we can get as high as $ 3.36 bn in the most isds-infested year to date , across a hundred-odd ftas . 
  and consider that those ftas apply to * hundreds * of billions , or more probably trillions , in foreign investment annually . 
  yet altogether that absolutely enormous flow of potential isds-generating capital does n't even generate a hundred cases a year , and has only generated about 600 cases all told * ever * , while costing less than a fraction of government wastage or fraud . 
  could one possibly make a bigger mountain out of a smaller molehill than the isds controversy ? 
   not to mention that a reversal of law can not retroactively make illegal previous actions well , that 's not really an isds issue . 
   but if these engagements are indeed not honored by the new government , suitable recourse is provisioned for by the contract in almost all cases . 
  sure - again , in * almost * all cases . 
  but sometimes not . 
  we are , as said , dealing with only a tiny number of cases . 
   for example , i 've done contract work for the italian state , and in the case of the government not meeting its obligations the italian courts or the swiss courts were defined as the authorities under which the case could be brought to legal scrutiny , so you could in fact take the case to a court of law and obtain damages as recompense , new legislation that overturned the old notwithstanding . 
  and isds deals with such cases as escape that net . 
   i do n't believe these difficulties merit a whole new class of legal jurisdictions , they 're hardly new - isds provisions have been around since 1959 . 
   especially because these come with their own baggage and consequences which i outlined in my previous post . 
  well , being a little harsh , your claimed consequences were inaccurate . 
   you can make negotiations transparent without giving everyone on the outside a voice . 
  how , exactly ? 
   in other words , people do n't necessarily have to participate in the negotiations - but they have to know what 's going on . 
  that suggests a rather unlikely situation in which people find out something they do n't like , and * do n't * then make a huge public fuss about it , put pressure on their political representatives to have it changed , have them put pressure on the politicians overseeing the negotiations , for them to put pressure on the negotiators - about something which may be nothing more than a negotiating position in any case . 
  no , i do n't see that as a realistic scenario , i 'm afraid . 
   there is a reason that national assemblies are public debate - the people do not participate , nor do they have a voice except indirectly , but they can , and should , be able to hold the participants accountable for the positions they have expressed . 
  but we 're not talking about national assemblies , which will in fact have the chance to do all that about ttip ( including `` accusing everyone else of having unrealistic positions , of trying to sabotage the negotiations , so on and so forth '' ) . 
  we 're talking about trade negotiators , who are not publicly accountable any more than any other negotiator is - they are * professionally * accountable , as other professionals are . 
  the politicians take public responsibility by virtue of their vote agreeing or denying the deal as they do for other civil service decisions/projects , because they have the mandate and the accountability to do that on behalf of the public - but they 're not negotiators themselves . 
  these are two separate processes which are being incorrectly conflated . 
  i doubt you would conflate them in your professional work , nor would i expect the minister to come and look over my shoulder while i do work for his ministry , even though public funds are being spent on my contract . 
   the same measure of accountability should be provided in all negotiations that affect public life to such an extent , and i 'm entirely for it . 
  i 'm not . 
  i * would * have been , prior to the anglo-irish negotiations which finally led to the good friday agreement , and a demilitarisation and normalisation of life in the north of ireland . 
  those negotiations were secret , following on from even more secret preliminaries - they were preceded by several other attempts at agreement which were public , and which utterly failed . 
  too many cooks do spoil the broth . 
  for some things transparency is appropriate , but it 's not appropriate everywhere . 
   in this age of corruption , the people do n't always have a representative in secret negotiations that 's why the people 's representatives in parliament have the final say . 
  and , i have to add , if you think * this * is an age of corruption , you are ignoring all of human history !, 
  this is , in terms of `` classical '' corruption , a very clean era indeed .
