  i 'm not sure why we 'd be talking about `` europe as a whole '' , though . 
  the irish banks loaned nearly everything into the irish property market , which was in one of the sharpest property bubbles ever seen . 
   i 'd partially agree with that , but i 'd also argue that the traditional tools , blunt as they might be , are effective and well understood ( and also promote confidence . . ) . 
  i 'd argue that only the latter two things are true , possibly only the last . 
  they give confidence because people are used to them , but that does n't make them effective ; they 're understood , but that does n't mean they 're properly used . 
  those monetary tools were taken into the remit of independent central banks precisely because they are the go-to tools politicians like to use to show the electorate they 're `` doing something '' . 
   the uncertainty of how those tools might be used across a common currency area and indeed how they ended up being used ( and how that is now being tied into additional economic policy that is essentially imposed by not modifying the ecb position ) is n't a good thing . . 
  if national central banks in the eurozone are managing only what we might call the ` micro ' end of monetary policy , then they need to develop and use appropriate tools . 
  they can not sit around pretending they ca n't do anything because the old big levers are in the ecb 's hands - they need to be adaptable and flexible . 
   now hold on a minute !, 
  the issues that the eurozone face are n't new , there was discussion about the deficiencies and missing aspects before the euro was in use ( and i distinctly remember discussion around crisis management in germany at the time . . ) so this is something that could and should have been dealt with in advance but was n't and as a result you have this slightly odd situation . 
  absolutely , but there 's a huge difference between knowing that something is necessary and getting people to agree to it . 
   i think both are accurate . 
  members do n't want to hand responsibility off to an intergovernmental organisation , but they do want to be able to point at someone else if there is an issue . 
  at the same time , the eu uses crises to push reform , and often fairly poor reform in line with the aim of further integration . 
  that is n't always good for members , and certainly is n't good in terms of accountability , openness or democracy . 
  well , the eu commission is the body that gets tasked with proposing reforms that it will oversee , and it does therefore necessarily propose reforms which are integrative , because otherwise it ca n't oversee them . 
  on the question of whether that 's democratic - the reforms have to go through the council ( elected governments ) and the parliament ( elected representatives ) , but the former is opaque and the latter often ignored . 
   i 'd argue that if the irish regulators had done a really solid regulatory job , the impact on ireland from a global crisis would likely have been pretty similar and required similar support , if for no other reason than the interconnects between ireland and the uk and the eu more broadly . 
  i 'd have to disagree almost completely . 
  certainly the banks would have been affected in the general credit crisis , but had they been properly regulated they would n't have been anywhere near as much of a problem as they were . 
  there 's a good clip by bill black talking about the fact that what the irish banks did would be characterised as `` accounting control fraud '' under proper regulation , because what they did was hollow out their long-term viability in favour of short-term bookable profits , driven by executive compensation tied to the latter . 
   we do have to take into account that the biggest issue globally was exposure to the us and clearly ireland could n't impact regulation there exposure to the us was n't the problem for irish banks , though . 
  exposure to a small group of property developers in ireland was , and through them to the irish property bubble created in large part by the accounting control issues referred to above . 
   but if we look at the aftermath , it seems clear that being without the tools to pull yourself out of a crisis can do an awful lot to push you deeper and shift the burden on to people who were also suffering from the general economic impact - and not because that was what was right for ireland , but because the ecb wanted to protect the euro . 
  if you want the benefits of a common currency , as ireland does , you have to build into policy the fact that the currency is not yours alone , and the central bank that manages it will not operate solely on your behalf . 
  having said that , there were a lot of ` unconventional ' tools the irish central bank had at its disposal - and is now beginning to use - that it simply did not even consider using before . 
  i would see that as a failure on the part of the irish cb to adapt to the realities of a common currency , partly through inertia , and partly through discouragement by the irish government ( and public , in effect ) . 
  to say that euro members have * no * tools because they lack the * conventional and traditional * tools is exactly what the icb did , and i disagree very strongly with any claim that it 's true . 
   absolutely , and again , the point being the priorities of a non-national central banker and of course the impact that has on particular members . 
  it 's not that dissimilar from the issues that a central bank in a federal system would face , except of course that in a federal system , or indeed in a situation like that in the uk or germany , the central bank is working within a cohesive economic framework , essentially there is coordinated fiscal and monetary policy ( well , you 'd hope . . ) . 
  which is of course the idea with respect to the european semester and so on . 
  the problem was that , as usual , you first have to have a crisis before the member states agree to the necessary degree of coordination . 
  there 's a view of the eu that sees the eu as using crises to sneakily advance integration , but it would be more accurate to say that the eu 's member states always try to get the upside of pan-european arrangements without agreeing the necessary restrictions on themselves , and it takes a crisis for them to accept that they ca n't . 
   it would absolutely have been a better idea for the irish government to regulate the banks more effectively , and that 's the third leg of the issue . 
  usually that regulation is carried out by , or hand in hand with a countries central bank ( in the case of ireland , that is the role of the irish central bank . . ) . 
  that means risks are well known and can be mitigated , and indeed worked through in terms of monetary policy and credit availability . 
  the moment you separate these functions not only institutionally ( which at least is workable . . ) but put them under totally different control mechanisms , it becomes somewhat more problematic . . 
  in ireland 's case , what the central bank and the financial regulator had in their control turned out to be the problematic bits . 
   in areas where eu regulation is not harmonised ( e.g. 
  insolvency law ) there is regulatory competition between eu member states , which encourages regulatory innovation . 
  particularly in areas like tax and banking ... 
   the whole external entity ( essentially the ecb is foreign to all members . . ) thing and lack of direct political or democratic accountability by any specific eu state seems like such an odd arrangement . 
  you ca n't make a central bank independent and then make it directly accountable politically or democratically ( same thing , really ) in operation , because the two are contradictory . 
  central banks are an instance of something people often seem to find difficult to grasp in a democratic system - an autonomous agency with a limited mandate . 
  the democratic/political accountability is achieved by control over the agency 's mandate , which is set and monitored by democratic bodies . 
  in the case of the ecb , its mandate is set by the eu member state governments by treaties which have been approved by every parliament in the eu ( and one or more electorates by referendum ) . 
  the question has obviously come up as to whether the ecb has exceeded its mandate during the crisis , and it has not been found to have done so as yet , including in this case . 
  that may seem bizarre , but the ecb has responsibility for the stability of the eurozone financial system , and its actions in this case were in line with that mandate . 
  irish banks were using 25 % of the ecb 's ela capacity , capacity which was already needed elsewhere , and as far as anyone could see , the irish government 's plan was to go on using that ela capacity rather than sort the banks out themselves . 
  it 's worth pointing out that ela timescale is weekly , and the irish banks had been soaking up ecb ela for a couple of years at that point . 
  so clearly the ecb wanted the irish banks off its back . 
  had the ecb agreed to burning bondholders at that point ( senior bondholders , that is , since junior bondholders were burned under the troika ) , there probably would have been a major panic , which would probably have triggered more bank collapses , which would have triggered more panic . 
  the ecb would at that point have to have diverted their ela away from the irish banks in any case , so from their point of view stating that burning bondholders would result in the withdrawal of ela from irish banks was no more than a prediction . 
  were the ecb 's actions within their mandate ? 
  they certainly seem to have been - irish banks could not be kept on ecb ela life support indefinitely , their situation had to be stabilised in a way that did not create a bank panic around the eurozone , and they were the irish government 's responsibility . 
  it might , of course , have been a better idea for the irish government to regulate the banks a little better in the first place , rather than setting up a situation in which expensive pigeons were bound to come home to roost . 
  class struggle is a by-product of socialism rather than being the defining core of it , certainly , but a system which intends the abolition of private property and capitalism is necessarily in conflict with property owners and capitalists . 
  `` socialism in one country '' is a particular theory of socialism which you can see requires the specific addition of `` in one country '' because such nationalism is negatively implied in the term `` socialism '' . 
  hence also `` national socialism '' for what was really a nationalist populist movement . 
  there 's a real element of `` so what ? '', 
  here . 
  populist parties are populist , populism has as its defining characteristic the struggle between the corrupt elite and the virtuous people . 
  left-wing ideas are entirely consonant with that paradigm , and their adoption does n't represent any change in the populist paradigm . 
  populist governments tend to aim to control all aspects of national life ( because they 're acting on behalf of the people , and displacing the elite ) . 
  the main difference is that populism defines `` the people '' far more narrowly than does any left-wing ideology , and there it shades into right-wing ideas of race and nation . 
  there 's also a social conservatism that tends to go with populism , which again tends to pick up ideas from the right . 
  when it 's international - and internationalism is a defining aspect of socialism , since the working class in all countries are brothers . 
   130 people murdered in paris and france 's response has been ... well , very little . 
  i 'm not sure that france 's 200 airstrikes at isil targets is actually '' ... well , very little '' . 
   the german states had been divided for their entire existence , but overnight bismarck formed probably the second most powerful state on earth and today it still stands . 
  interestingly , exactly the same claims regularly made about the eu were made about germany - that the states forming it were too different , too divided , the centre too weak , etc , for it to survive , let alone prosper . 
  we have an offence of ` blasphemous libel ' which can fine you up to $ 25,000 for setting out to upset a religious community . 
  politically , there are no limits to satire , but ireland 's personal libel laws are ferocious , so satire has to avoid libelling individuals . 
  we definitely do n't have any laws that would encompass disrespect of the state . 
  that would probably have been difficult to enact at the founding of the state , just after a civil war about the nature of the state . 
  most irish people would be unsurprised to find out that the irish government was really a long-running satire itself . 
  welp , i 'm probably going to be the only person disappointed that this is n't for treaty texts and the like ... 
   in the early colonies , especially the south , irish were welcomed because it meant more whites to balance out the population vis a vis black slaves . 
  and before that as indentured servants , of course . 
  the british empire never seems to have engaged in genocide as a tactic , which is what sets it apart immediately from nazi germany as well as several other imperial powers . 
  the most obvious genocide under the british empire is that of tasmanian aborigines , and it 's also quite typical - it was carried out not as a policy , but by settlers and local police . 
  in america , the british attempted to restrain colonisation to the west coast - it was only after independence that the rest of the us was settled by europeans . 
  incidental disorganised genocide versus deliberate organised genocide . 
   you 're underestimating just how many young men died in europe in wwii , and the cowards were survivors . 
  the population as a whole has lost an incredibly huge chunk of its populace that was willing to kill . 
  i 'd have to call that simplistic pseudo-darwinism . 
  first , soldiers in mass conscription armies are n't selected on bravery . 
  second , they do n't get killed on the basis of bravery either - sometimes it 's bravery that gets you killed , sometimes it 's cowardice . 
  third , a good number of them would have had kids anyway . 
  what we did lose , i would say , was an automatic respect for military action and military life , as well as the embedded nature of military life in civil life . 
  together they mean that a military career is n't really seen as a good choice . 
  that 's particularly true in the middle & upper classes - most likely because you can no longer get rich off a military career , as you still could in the victorian era . 
  we do n't adulate military personnel as ` heroes ' in europe these days , but other first world countries - the us and israel spring to mind - still do . 
  but the us is notoriously sensitive to body count , whereas my experience of the uk is that british people still expect casualties , and only when they 're the result of incompetence do they get annoyed . 
  anyway , all anecdotal . 
  europe 's active ageing programs are evidently working , at least . 
  there 's clearly a problem with pensions , though . 
   to seal the border would require the willingness to kill . 
  or at the very least get very rough .
