  a position of access to it without following its rules is * massively * advantageous , and no country has it , or has been offered it - not the us , not japan , not canada , nobody , whatever the size of their economy and the extent of trade with them . 
  it 's entirely unclear to me that any of the eu countries would agree to the uk having such a massive advantage over them in exchange for the uk giving them the finger . 
  tbh , i think your argument is predicated on the comfortable belief that the eu can not function without the uk , and that the uk can therefore set its own terms , which i think the rest of the eu would rather disagree with . 
  if you can think of occasions where the third most important member of a group was able to set the rules just as it liked , you might be right , but it seems improbable to me . 
   of course the eu and uk are going to come to an agreement on trade , that 'll be a fairly high priority as the exit is negotiated . . 
  i entirely agree with the importance of that , and i agree with most of your other points , but i 'm not sure how they prevent my conclusion that the uk will still be going in the same direction as the eu * if * the uk negotiates an eea type of arrangement . 
  the uk is a european country whether it chooses to be in the eu or not . 
  if it chooses an eea style arrangement with the eu , then it will be seen to be part of the general eu paradigm because of its location and its relationship , which would require the uk adopting a good proportion of the eu 's rules in exchange for access to the eu 's single market . 
  only if the uk negotiates an entirely independent relationship with the eu - that is , one that does n't involve single market access on the basis of adoption of eu rules - can it be said to have gone in some other direction , or will it be seen as having done so . 
  otherwise it looks like a semi-detached eu member , just as norway etc do - the evolution of its regulatory environment will still be , to a large extent , set by the eu , and it will therefore be going largely in the direction set by the eu , as are norway etc. 
  the size of the uk 's economy is n't particularly relevant in such an arrangement , because the rules will be set * for * it , not by it . 
  canada etc do n't have single market access - they are third countries with free trade agreements , not eea/efta members . 
  only if the uk negotiates on the basis of similar third-country access can it be said to be pursuing a separate direction , and that kind of arrangement is very much more of adversarial than cooperative arrangement , so the relative sizes of the two economies ( $ 2tn vs $ 12tn ) becomes much more relevant . 
  does that make sense ? 
   possibly , it would certainly show that the eu is n't the only direction of travel . 
  not if the uk winds up negotiating some kind of eea arrangement . 
  that would actually show that the eu is still the only direction of travel but you can be dragged along behind instead of riding in the car if you like - something already shown by norway , iceland and switzerland . 
   it would leave a serious funding shortage though - the uk is one of the larger net contributors . 
  not the end of the world but certainly a factor . 
  given the eu budget is a tiny proportion of the state budgets of the member states , and the uk 's contribution is about 12 % of that , the actual impact is n't huge . 
  member states would have to increase their input to the eu budget by about 0.2-0 .3 % of their state budgets to compensate , assuming they wanted to retain the same sized budget as before . 
   but would n't free trade mean you have to follow all the eu regulations without beeing able to vote on them ? 
  why get out then ? 
  depends on whether you mean tariff-free trade or access to the single market on similar footing to other participants . 
  trade without tariffs would n't require eea/efta membership , but would require the negotiation of a full free trade agreement between the uk and the eu , in which the eu would be very much the larger negotiator . 
   perhaps you do n't really consider yourself british ? 
  that would be another convenience for you , but i 'm afraid consider my british identity very important to me . 
  i do n't feel it requires me to live in britain - in fact , i 'd consider `` being british abroad '' a very particular part of the british identity . 
  why do you feel that because you 've not chosen to live abroad you should have the right to determine my identity for me without giving me a voice in the matter ? 
  what makes you the arbiter of my identity , and my british citizenship somehow less important than yours ? 
  these all basically boil down to `` i do n't want to bother about these people - they 've made their choice , let them live with the consequences '' plus `` and maybe there are no consequences , which would justify my not caring '' . 
  you do n't really see uk citizenship as meaning much , i think . 
   while they are uk citizens and will be impacted , they have made a permanent home elsewhere , may well have acquired voting rights/dual nationality in another jurisdiction , are unlikely to be paying taxes in the uk and may well not intend ever to live in the uk again . 
  all that 's necessary for them to be very much impacted by this referendum is that they have no other nationality available to them , because the decision has a very large impact on their rights of residence . 
  if their ability to make a permanent home in another country is dependent on the uk 's membership of the eu , then a no vote is a vote to deprive those uk citizens of their life choice without giving them the right to have a say in the decision . 
  one either cares for one 's citizens because they are citizens , or the concept of citizenship becomes rather meaningless , or at least a very one way street . 
   after all , citizens of other eu countries resident in the uk could also be affected , but they will not be on the franchise . 
  fair point . 
   the vast majority of uk expats have been resident in the uk within the last 15 years so will likely be on the franchise already . 
  i am comfortable with that . 
  if anything , the decision would have a larger impact on those who have been ex-pat for longer . 
  and although they 're ex-pats , they 're still uk citizens . 
  see , i 'd say that if irish people in the uk are allowed ( since it will affect them ) , it would be logical to allow uk ex-pats . 
  if i were an irish citizen living in the uk i 'd get a voting card on proof of address , but as a brit living in ireland i would have to apply for a postal vote - and presumably be turned down on the basis of the 15 year rule . 
  mind you , i 'm not sure irish in the uk will get a vote in this referendum ? 
  the 15 year limit would do it . 
   of course , they should still be required to register like every other vote , so i ca n't imagine that too many of them will make the effort . 
  some of us undoubtedly will . 
  this is a very basic matter . 
  i do n't feel i have any right to choose who forms a government i do n't live under any more , but this is an issue that directly affects me through my citizenship even though i 'm no longer resident . 
   also , why on earth are uk-ians on here so happy that uk citizens living in the eu ca n't vote in general elections ? 
  this seems ridiculously backwards and arbitrary . 
  in ireland , you ca n't vote at all if you 're physically outside the country unless you 're abroad in an official capacity ( police , diplomatic , etc ) . 
  on the other hand , the electoral register is not updated in an obtrusive way , so people can go on being registered at , say , their parents ' address for decades after leaving the country . 
   said everyone about every politician ever bar ww2 churchill . 
   the data in your article actually says that heroin is more addictive than tobacco in 4 of the 5 metrics examined . 
  if i 'd written `` tobacco is worse than heroin '' you 'd have a point . 
  but i did n't - i said they 're in the same ballpark , and they are . 
   let me get this straight : you seriously , honest to goodness , believe that heroin addicts sometimes resort to robbery and burglary to fuel their habit because heroin is an illegal substance ( and not because it 's incredibly more addictive than most others ) , while smokers never resort to the same means because tobacco is legal ( and not because it 's much less addictive than cocaine ) ? 
  see my statement - some people will rob to get what they want , some wo n't . 
  drink is orders of magnitude more important as a driver of crime . 
   i give up . 
  you live in a delusional parallel reality where a heroin habit is about as big of a problem as smoking ; if both were equally legal , that 's not too far from the truth , yes . 
  heroin is n't a big thing in itself . 
   there ca n't be a discussion if both partecipants are not grounded in some basic sense reality , and right now you are n't . 
  there are three generally accepted possible explanations for the relationship between crime and drugs : ( a ) drug use leads to crime , ( b ) crime leads to drug use , and ( c ) the drug/crime relationship is explained by a set of common causes . 
  it 's not settled which of these is the case . 
  i apparently favour one of these ( actually a combination of b and c ) , you favour another ( apparently a ) . 
  unfortunately , you also believe that your view is the only possible real one , and that people who do n't hold it are n't grounded in reality - an attitude which does indeed make debate impossible . 
  tobacco is absolutely in the same ballpark as heroin , a fact known for at least two decades , at least to some . 
  see , for example : http://whyquit.com/whyquit/a_henningfield_benowitz.html the effects you 're citing have nothing to do with the addictiveness of heroin , but are to do with the fact that heroin is illegal , while tobacco is not . 
  your arguments are circular as a result . 
   is it a recurring problem that tobacco smokers rob people in the street or steal from their own families to feed their addictions ? 
  that 's a nonsense argument . 
  there are people who will rob their families and other people to get money for anything , there are people who wo n't for anything . 
  i 'm not sure why you 've left out being robbed for drink - except that i think you know that 's a recurring problem which makes a big hole in your argument even on its own terms . 
  cameron did n't want juncker because juncker was the candidate of the parliament , and the tories oppose democratisation of the eu because it increases the legitimacy of the eu vis a vis the member states . 
   i think that depositors think about high street banks that are incorporated in and regulated in their own jurisdictions and have been part of the fabric of their national life for generations in a slightly different way from how they think about high interest paying internet based banks incorporated in and regulated overseas . 
  sure , i 'd agree with that to some extent , but i think what people assume is that because the `` high interest paying internet based banks incorporated in and regulated overseas '' are being allowed on their local high street , they are presumably similar to national high street banks in the ways that are important to the customer . 
   the magnitude of the issue is of a different order , and pretending that it 's just like any other industry would be dangerous and wrong . 
  the magnitude of the issue is only the same as for alcohol and tobacco , and that only for some drugs . 
  it 's not in some kind of class of its own . 
  it 's up one end of a scale , and not even on its own . 
   a policy deployed today , in 2015 , must take into account that these drug trafficking networks exist and will not just go away . 
  i think you 're mistaking my use of `` criminal element '' . 
  i do n't mean to say no criminals will be involved - clearly a legalised drug industry will start off with 100 % criminal suppliers , and those habits and arrangements wo n't change overnight . 
  it wo n't even be a case of `` attempts by criminal networks to take over parts of the legal drug industry '' - criminal networks will already be in situ . 
  `` we will see new drugs be developed and pushed to try and get a foothold outside of the legal , regulated and taxed market '' i 'm not sure that will be the case to any larger an extent than is true of the drink or tobacco industry . 
  if most drugs were legal , anyone trying to push new , illegal drugs requires a hell of an attractive product to make buyers who are no longer criminalised choose to be criminal . 
   the criminal side of it actively works to spread and promote its products and enable and cultivate addiction , so there is definitely a criminal issue that needs to be tackled with drugs . 
  that 's a little circular . 
  you can describe almost any industry as `` actively working to spread and promote its products and enable and cultivate addiction '' - sure , ` addiction ' can be a little weaker in some cases than others , or a little more ` meta ' ( such as fossil fuel addiction ) , but there 's nothing inherently criminal there . 
  the only reason the drugs trade in particular fuels criminal networks is because what it trades is criminalised . 
  if it 's no longer criminal , then there is no criminal element to be tackled . 
  there 's nothing inherently criminal about the drug industry , no need for drug traffickers to be criminals except that drug trafficking is illegal . 
  that 's the big mistake of the war on drugs - it 's a repeat of prohibition , largely driven by the same impulses and the same kind of people , and it has worked out exactly the same way . 
  during prohibition , the drinks industry in the us was largely criminal because drink was criminalised - once it was decriminalised , the drinks industry rapidly became as respectable as any other . 
   i do n't like how you try to infuse a certain economic policy with some sort of aura of nobility and hard work , while slathering another with the shame of laziness and selfishness . 
  one of them is quick and easy and fixes nothing but the immediate problem , the other involves long-term reforms which should both fix the problems and prevent their recurrence . 
  so , well , yeah , one of those * is * better .
