  the disadvantage of strong , charismatic leaders is that they can appeal to the masses and get things done their way . 
  actually , meps overall have very good attendance rates . 
  the * lowest * rate by country is for malta , whose meps only attend 76 % of votes . 
  polish meps attend 87 % of votes . 
  there 's only 11 meps whose attendance is less than 50 % , and at least one of those ( brian crowley ) has good medical reasons for that . 
  and it 's not a small number of votes , either - 1,671 full plenary votes in the lifetime of the current parliament , and at least the same number of committee votes again . 
  maybe 660 votes a year . 
  there are reasons one might abstain from voting in the euro elections , but doing it on the basis of media-created myths is not a good reason . 
  stats : http://www.votewatch.eu/en/member-states-attendance.html, 
  but even sinn fein have become much less stridently anti-eu over the last 20 years . 
  their opposition in the last couple of eu referendums was pretty pro-forma . 
  at least partly because scotland was and is a separate legal entity within the united kingdom , with a separate history as a united kingdom itself as long as that of the southern neighbour it joined two centuries ago . 
  i appreciate the correction !, 
  you could well be right - i see moldova is being punished for signing its eu deals by having the russian parliament ( probably ) recognise transnistria . 
   so , putin will take crimea , but the eu and us will just huff and puff ? 
  i do n't see how putin is n't winning in that scenario . 
  depends what else he loses . 
  he can win crimea but lose trade deals , g8 membership , a wide spectrum of cooperation and deals that were put in place after the cold war to help normalise relations between russia and the world . 
  that plus sanctions and general international condemnation probably add up to a rather greater loss than gain . 
  although , slightly more accurately , that 's * russia * losing rather than putin , so a lot depends on what putin 's actual aims are . 
  if he 's setting out to show that russia can do what it likes in its ` backyard ' without consequences , he 's already losing . 
  if he 's aiming to find out how far he can go at what sort of cost , it 's not a win/lose situation . 
  if , say , his aims are personally to be tsar , then a loss of normal relations with the rest of the world is n't entirely a loss . 
  if the aim is crimea-at-any-cost , then he 's necessarily going to win in any situation short of successful armed intervention ... but i ca n't see how he could possibly accept defeat in a limited crimea-only engagement with external powers , so i think it 's pretty certain that open military intervention in crimea is basically a ticket to unlimited war with russia . 
   look at it from the opposite side . 
  would the eurozone have undergone the integrative measures it has between 2008-2013 had the crisis never have happened ( i.e. 
  if the boom years were still happening ) ? 
  no , it would n't have done - i agree with you there . 
  but the people who made the decision to react in an integrative way were the member state governments , and they did n't have to decide to go that way . 
  indeed , in the early part of the crisis , they went quite the opposite way , and the crisis is generally seen as having fostered a growth in intergovermentalism and a sidelining of the institutional eu , barring of course the ecb . 
   then it would be a giant fuck you to the member state populations by the member state governments if they decide democracy in the eu ( i.e. 
  the parliament ) is a waste of time as soon as the people deliver meps that the member state government 's disagree with . 
  oh , absolutely . 
   you 're touching the surface of a giant debate on european integration that , in truth , there is no definitive answer to . 
  member state governments are very powerful , but so are the commission and parliament . 
  of course the power share differs from policy area to policy area . 
  well , no , i was really making a statement about the control of the level of integration and the direction of the eu in that respect . 
  those things are in the hands of the member states only . 
  in day to day terms , in terms of policy and legislation , yes , sure , the amount of power each of the institutions has varies by area , as does the type of power . 
  probably a rather shorter version of the cold war - really , more one of those traditional freezes in relations that were such a part of nineteenth century international politics . 
   this would n't happen as it would be taken for what it is , a giant fuck you to anyone that wants to see reform in the eu . 
  it would be the commission , already criticised for being unelected , deciding that democracy is n't worth it when it elects people that oppose their views . 
  again , no , because again the commission has no power over the treaties . 
  the eu treaties are in the hands of the member states * only * . 
   to try and give a brief example , imagine how the uk people would react if ukip won the european elections then the tories said we 're 100 % pro integration lets acquiesce some more powers to brussels . 
  the tories could do exactly that . 
  national governments decide national matters , and national matters include deciding whether to hand more competences to the eu . 
  it may seem counter-intuitive if one is under the impression that the eu the eu is somehow `` out of control '' , but it is n't . 
  the eu is exactly under the control of the national governments ( in terms of direction , structure , and powers ) . 
  it 's their baby , their framework . 
  they wrote it into existence , they control its existence . 
  that 's why the uk can simply leave - it 's a voluntary club , whose statutes are entirely determined by its members . 
  a 100 % eurosceptic parliament could make the eu ungovernable , but could n't prevent a new round of treaties deepening integration . 
  the parliament is part of the day to day workings of the eu - but the direction of the eu , particularly in terms of integration and competences , is set by the member states without input from parliament . 
  if the national governments found a eurosceptic parliament to be preventing the work of the eu , then they could rewrite the treaties to reduce the powers of the parliament . 
  if the treaties were passed by the member state parliaments , that would be that . 
  it 's only a theoretical , but then so is a eurosceptic majority parliament . 
  but it illustrates the point that the parliament ca n't change the * structure * of the eu , only its day to day operation . 
  if one 's problem is with the eu 's structure or overall direction , then what 's needed is eurosceptic parties in national governments , because those things are controlled by the member states that eurosceptic parties are keen to save from the clutches of the eu they control . 
   1-he assumes that every comment represents a valid opinion ( which doesn \u00b4 t ) ; good point . 
   2-even he assumed that his base for the study is intoxicated by manipulated data , i think is nearly impossible to determinate the percentage of biased comments . 
  also a good point . 
  there 's also the point ( made in one of the comments on the article ) that data collected at one point during the last five years is pretty much meaningless in terms of determining trends , because the amount of diffuse political criticism during a recession is always high . 
  good article , but not necessarily a study killer . 
  that opinion * can * be manipulated through social media is undeniable - uk 's gchq do it ( we know this courtesy of snowden ) , the israelis do it , i presume the nsa and other such do it - but that does not mean that * all * social media opinions are manipulated . 
   i think your description holds some truth but it does n't stop hannan 's video being a strong and consistent argument - just one you disagree with . 
  i largely did say that , though . 
   the polling he cites suggests eu citizens believe this even as the european parliament gains more power . 
  he therefore opposes the direction of travel . 
  actually , polling does n't really suggest that , neither the likelihood of eurosceptic parties gaining seats in the elections , nor the often-cited `` decline '' in turnouts for euro elections . 
  the first is hardly surprising in a recession , and can be taken as being a protest against the political establishment which is reflected in national votes as well . 
  it does n't generally get taken to mean national governments are illegitimate , yet that 's what 's claimed for exactly the same phenomenon at the european level . 
  the `` decline '' in euro election turnout is more of a statistical artifact than anything else . 
  turnout in the eu-15 countries has been stable for the last three elections at about 52-53 % . 
  the apparent drop comes from adding in the accession countries , which in their first elections had turnouts of 39 % on average , but then had turnouts almost the same in 2009 . 
   if you mean that as a nationalist he believes central political administrations should reflect a group and territory that is identifiable as a nation - i do not think he denies this . 
  he refers to it directly throughout the video . 
  finally your complaint about his seeking to impose his views on others while claiming to be defending other people 's is strange . 
  this is the whole purpose of politics - however it 's usually known as policy formation and campaigning . 
  it 's then up to electorates to pick which views they think should be imposed . 
  i think it works rather well generally . 
  i do n't have any objection to hannan * being * a nationalist , or believing that `` central political administrations should reflect a group and territory that is identifiable as a nation '' . 
  i only made the point that he claims to be defending democracy and that he represents a majority view , when neither of these things are particularly true of his position as opposed to any other political position . 
  as i said , he 's seeking to impose his particular view , but dressing it up as something else . 
  that 's a standard political thing to do , of course , but no less dishonest for being common . 
   by fielding a candidate he feels his group would be legitimising a process that actively undermines national democracies . 
  and would help create the european demos he ( and most people ) does n't feel exists . 
  it 's still basically the same argument . 
  he does n't want to help create a european demos or help legitimise the eu because he does n't want a european demos or a legitimate eu . 
  i do n't object to people being nationalist , but it would be more honest if they did n't dress it up as something it 's not . 
  to a nationalist , * only * a national demos can * ever * be legitimate . 
  that 's the whole of the argument , really - nothing can legitimise the eu in hannan 's eyes , but he 's aware it * can * be legitimised in the eyes of those who do n't share his core beliefs . 
  and he does n't want it to be . 
  like every other politician , he 's seeking to impose his view on things while claiming to be defending other people 's . 
  which rather reinforces the point that the uk and iceland are n't anything like each other . 
  comparisons with iceland in size terms are meaningless , when the point about iceland being small is that it thereby able to do something that the uk could n't . 
  as to `` beholden to the stagnating european economy '' - is there some idea that being in the single market means you 're only able to trade with the eu ? 
  because last time i looked , the uk was already trading with most of the world . 
  being outside the eu does n't offer you any opportunities you do n't already have , while it does deny you tariff-free access to one of the world 's largest markets . 
  yup , the uk could totally become a fishing dependent small island nation .
