  greek solidarity demonstrations as greek solidarity demonstrations have been as i said , though . 
  this would be more representative : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ci1q5uewuaavvlv.jpg, 
   it is anecdotal , but considering the amount of greek solidarity protests in dublin , either those who are opposed to austerity have a louder voice and are more prone to demonstrate we can safely go with this one . 
  the number of people at such protests barely reaches double figures , and there have been only a handful of them . 
  do n't be silly , those are n't * his * left hands . 
   president vladimir putin 's spokesman , dmitry peskov , dismissed the move as meaningless . 
  `` frankly speaking , i have trouble grasping the sense of it , '' he said of the lawmakers ' request , adding that the kremlin was unaware of the move . 
  putin 's right hand : `` what , you 're saying that 's * my * left hand over there ? 
  do n't be ridiculous ! '', 
   in ireland , most people i 've spoken to are either ambivalent or supportive . 
  `` most people i 've spoken to '' is never a good measure . 
  i would have said that a broad look at irish media and social media suggests overall ambivalence , with at best about equal supportive and unsupportive , and only the definitely left definitely supportive , let alone vocally supportive . 
   no exports ? 
  two seconds of google says tourism is 18 % of gdp . 
  shrug . 
  maybe you should do more than two seconds . 
   greece would n't be in this pickle so badly if they they had been able to devalue their currency . 
  lots of advantages to be out of eurozone . 
  the euro is all about politics , it 's pisspoor economics . 
  yeah , people say greece would be better off if they were able to devalue their currency , but the greeks do n't think so . 
  greece has virtually no exports , no market for what it produces , and is massively reliant on imports for its quality of life . 
  being able to devalue its currency would be like being able to punch itself in the face harder . 
   anyways how does greece stay in the eurozone if they are without any euros to pay pensions , employees etc and all the banks are shuttered ? 
  how does that work exactly ? 
  how any of this might work is anybody 's guess . 
  but where there 's a will there 's a way - the question is only whether there 's a will . 
  because economics is n't physics . 
   - and imo it would have been much better if done without all this drama and deadlines drama . 
  the drachma without drama would be the swiss franc . 
   yeah . 
  personally i find hardcore maths to be much more like philosophy than people give it credit for ( more specifically i think maths is a branch of philosophy ) . 
  i mean , the way that you explore philosophy and maths both basically consist of sitting in a room and trying to think about things really hard in a logical and consistent manner to solve problems . 
  rationalist versus empiricist . 
  two quite different traditions , i 'd agree . 
   it 's not clear greece will have a choice . 
  it 's equally unclear that anybody will make that choice for them , though . 
   there are a lot of advantages to a full on currency exit , so it would be foolish to stay in the eurozone at that point . 
  for greece , not really . 
  that 's why the greeks want to stay in the euro . 
  nobody is even for sure how an exit from the eu can happen . 
  and if the greek public does n't want to leave , i 'm not sure a grexit is either possible or in any sense desirable . 
   because they need bailouts to pay previous bailouts while the gdp goes down ? 
  most government borrowing is to repay ( well , roll over ) previous debt , though , that 's not any different from business as it would be if they were in the markets . 
  and debt continues to increase only because there 's a government deficit . 
  it 's not increasing by itself as long as they 're making the repayments on schedule . 
  i know it sounds strange , but that 's because ordinary people do n't generally borrow to pay debt . 
  if you can , though , then your debt does n't increase as long as you keep up with interest payments - unless you continue spending more money than your earn . 
  that 's why austerity - it 's about getting greece to balance the books and stop racking up more debt . 
  greece is racking up more debt , though , because it is still spending more than it earns . 
  what matters for greece is n't the amount of debt , but the cost of interest . 
  greece 's interest payments are n't very high , either - 4.3 % of gdp ( compare italy 's 4.7 % , ireland 's 4.1 % ) before factoring in the deferred or returned interest on institutional loans , or 2.6 % if you factor those effects in , which puts them lower than spain 's 3.3 % and only just above france 's 2.2 % . 
  source : http://www.bruegel.org/nc/blog/detail/article/1551-greek-choices-after-the-elections/, 
  i used to work with italians ( southerners ) , and they would n't work any of the night shifts because the night air was bad for you . 
  but some woman !, 
   why do you think greece can make it two more weeks ? 
  delaying the vote is effectively the same thing as `` no . '', 
  is it ? 
  a no does n't create certainty , because it might mean grexit . 
  without the no , grexit is off the table as far as all the parties are concerned - with a no , it 's not just on the table , but everything else is off until that question is sorted out . 
  i mean , sure , i can see that getting the whole business sorted out as quickly as possible is better , since a no in two weeks time would cause uncertainty before and after , but the uncertainty after will be much worse either way , and the duration unknown . 
  i 'd still say it 's really very much more important to get the question right , and make sure people know what they 're voting on . 
  because a no when people think they 're voting on kicking merkel , and then discover they 're exiting the eu , is plenty worse than the uncertainty of not knowing the result . 
  thanks - that backs up my views . 
  there was a case , and it was unsuccessful . 
  the court does not appear to have said `` oh , yeah , it was illegal , but it 's too late to change it '' , and it had nothing to do with the government ignoring any referendum result . 
  what happened instead is that the appellants argued that the powers delegated to the eu were too broad and vague , and that therefore the ratification was illegal for that reason ( the case is usually cited as carlsen v rasmussen ) . 
  the court rejected their argument . 
  so ... having started by arguing about whether the danish government had ignored a binding referendum no to maastricht , we find that the danish government did not ignore the referendum that produced a no , but sought opt-outs , after which it held another referendum that produced a yes , only after which it ratified maastricht . 
  both referendums were binding , and treated as such . 
  nor were the referendums challenged , nor was the ratification found to be in any sense legally dubious . 
  folk-memory of a disappointment , like i said . 
  no humble pie yet today for me , anyway . 
   you keep referencing ireland , which has a different law system from denmark . 
  it is inccomparable - irish law is based off british law , which is based off court rulings . 
  danish law is based of a charter , like german or dutch . 
  completely different aproaches . 
  i think you know less about irish law than i do about danish law - that may not have been the case this morning , but i think it is now . 
  irish law is dual - we have common law like the uk , but unlike them we have a written constitution . 
  so i 'm thoroughly comfortable with law based on written constitutions , which is what would be applicable here . 
   the courts did throw up their hands , and said the european courts should handle it , and the european courts said they did not think they had the jurisdiction . 
  kafka was proud , and the danish government was happy that ll their friends lent a hand with fucking the population over . 
  i think you need to demonstrate that this is something more than your personal take on it . 
  like i said , you * could * well be right , but you 're not * showing * it . 
  what i have on the events is that maastricht was rejected at referendum in 1992 , then passed by referendum in 1993 after opt-outs were secured . 
  if that 's what you 're thinking of , then no , the referendum result was not ignored - it was overturned by another referendum . 
  source : https://books.google.ie/books?id=mkh4jupt6boc&amp;pg=pa149&amp;lpg=pa149&amp;dq=denmark+schengen+referendum+1997&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=simpsylmhk&amp;sig=okcmoispcgzij8ny7vq40jvocwu&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=qgouvaevnddt7abooluyaw&amp;ved=0ce4q6aewcq#v=onepage&amp;q=denmark%20schengen%20referendum%201997&amp;f=false if you have a link to the legal challenge and court response you claim happened , i 'd be interested . 
   this is n't a referendum done in a quick week in crimea that just as easily could 've been done in a couple months . 
  this vote has to happen now and it specifically ca n't have too much lead time due to the uncertainty it creates just be existing . 
  it may need to be done quickly , but its effects will be very long-lasting , which makes getting it right more important than doing it quickly . 
  and the coe is suggesting two weeks , not months . 
  if greece holds a rushed vote , the result is no , and it turns out that means greece is out of the eu , the uncertainty thereby created is going to be a hell of a lot greater . 
  and a no result is also going to create massive uncertainty just by existing . 
  interesting article , although again it buys into the belief that devaluation would suddenly turn greece into a roaring export and tourism monster , which is unfortunately not true , because greece does n't have a lot of export potential , and tourism is dependent on everybody else 's economy doing well . 
  devaluation is certainly something that would/will happen to a new drachma , but it wo n't be the choice of the government , it wo n't do anything for greek exports or much for tourism , but it will drop greek living standards by yet another large chunk . 
  that 's why the greeks want to stay in the euro . 
  not `` queue '' . 
  cue - as in an actor 's cue to speak . 
  sorry - pet niggle . 
  as a general rule , i think it 's safe to assume that if the government does something illegal and publicly objectionable , they 'll be hauled into court as a result . 
  at least it works that way in ireland , which is why we now have referendums on eu treaties .
