  produces pretty parochial politicians , some fairly intense intra-party competition where there 's two or more candidates from the same party in the same constituency , and a count process which is often more entertaining than the election campaign . 
  personally , i think it increases the electoral sophistication of the irish voter . 
   they have an antiquated disaster called the electoral college which skews the results of the popular vote towards some unimportant swing states with \u223c 40 million people deciding the winner in a country of 320 million . 
  it 's no different from constituency-based systems in use in many countries . 
  the person who becomes uk pm , for example , does n't even need to have a plurality of the overall vote , never mind a majority , as long as they manage to get the votes in enough constituencies . 
  culture generally develops distinctiveness in isolation and relative poverty , while openness and prosperity reduces it - but people prefer the latter . 
  really ? 
  british interests in syria , iraq , afghanistan ? 
  no , sorry , does n't wash . 
  he may have sold , but i remember reading an article a couple of years ago regarding murdoch 's media ownership in romania . 
  sure . 
  have a second referendum . 
  if you have n't changed your minds you 'll vote leave again . 
  if you have , you 'll have avoided bolloxing the country just for pig-headedness . 
  never understood why people think you have just one vote and then everyone has to treat it like a sacred pledge . 
  you 're even in a better position - you can always have another referendum later if you change your minds again . 
  yeah , was wondering about that . 
  what 's the point of a secret campaign ? 
  i understand ireland , sweden , and austria 's positions - they 're neutrals . 
  but what possible reason does the uk have for opposing an eu army that is n't basically rather discreditable ? 
   the american military-industrial complex does not really have an analogue in any other great power . 
  good post . 
  i 'd add that even at their imperial height , european countries did their best to avoid the costs of maintaining a requisite military - the current underspend by europe on defence is no new thing . 
   one can argue that austria lost it 's de-facto-neutrality by joining the union , but the eu created legal ground for austria to stay military neutral . 
  this is an ongoing ( or : periodically relevant ) discussion in austrian media . 
  exactly the same here in ireland . 
  in a sense , though , what ` neutrality ' really means in ireland is ` no conscription ' . 
  the standard scare story is `` latest eu treaty will mean conscription into an eu army !!! '' . 
  not sure exactly what the issue is with conscription ( other than the obvious ) , but the brits did n't dare try it in ireland even in ww1 . 
   but according to mokyr 's book , europe 's political fragmentation was , in fact , a saviour rather than a curse , one which ultimately led it to overtake parts of the world like china , and to go well beyond the economic achievements of the ancient world . 
  this used to be a popular view - the difference between europe and china was explained by the adoption of technological advances ( particularly military ) to give an edge between competing states in europe even when such technology was declared anathema ( for example , the crossbow , which was declared an unchristian weapon ) , as opposed to china , which had no real competitors and could afford to reject innovations felt to be socially disruptive . 
  interesting when you consider that murdoch also owns a good bit of media in romania . 
  you 're right !, 
  well , we can eliminate cornish so . 
  or cornish ? 
  with the right accent ( a northern one ) anyone speaking irish sounds as if they have war paint and a huge sword . 
  but , but ... the anglosphere press tells me she 's totally unpopular because immigration !, 
   unless the eu elites change their behaviour , this dislike of the eu is only going to increase with the possible breaking up of the eu . 
   till now the eu existed because there was a certain balance , and the nations states did not feel that their existence and way of life is threatened . 
  the `` eu elites '' * are * the nation state governments - the commission can only propose , it can not make the decisions you 're referring to - so either the nation states are threatening themselves , or the governments of the nation states are acting against the wishes of ( at least some vocal part of ) their citizens . 
  there is no separate eu elite with the power to force things on the nation states - there are only the arrangements they have created , and the decisions they themselves have taken . 
  most of which decays quite rapidly . 
  i 'm presuming that it 's the radioactivity that 's of concern , rather than the toxicity , since we produce , again , multiple orders of magnitude more toxic waste from other industrial processes . 
  i 'm not too worried about the exact figures , i admit , because the difference between fuck-all and next-to-fuck-all is not worth bothering with . 
  the scale of the problem is still utterly trivial next to climate change . 
   why can we afford to produce waste that will exist for hundreds of generations with the only solution to the problem being a concept that has yet to be developed ? 
  because that 's a * trivial * problem compared to global climate change . 
  there 's more dangerous military waste generated every year than all the nuclear waste ever generated , and several orders of magnitude more in existence than that already . 
  it 's a problem we can live with , and climate change is n't . 
  nuclear waste is a * local * , small-scale problem - climate change is about as large-scale and global a problem as we can possibly have . 
   modern gas power plants are way better as a back up for green energy because they are kinda clean , cheap and fast to activate . 
  nuclear energy is good for what reason ? 
  `` kinda clean '' ? 
  look - whole lifecycle co2 emissions per kwh : coal : 910g/kwh gas : 465g/kwh nuclear : 6g/kwh `` kinda clean '' gas has 77 times higher emissions per kwh than nuclear . 
  even wind and solar have higher emissions per kwh ( 105g/kwh and 13g/kwh respectively ) . 
  thanks !, 
  all the nuclear fission ever in use has resulted in about 900 tonnes of waste , which has yet to do anybody any harm . 
  coal and gas have resulted in turning the planet into a slow cooker . 
  yes , we should concentrate on renewables development rather than nuclear but no , we should not rule out nuclear - because we ca n't afford to . 
  because anglosphere economists generally subscribe to the paradigm that economic laws are as hard as the laws of physics , and that the market therefore can not be defied . 
  by that paradigm , the euro * should * not work , therefore it * can not * work - you can not use political will to trump economics , it ca n't be done . 
  the euro therefore * has * to fail in order to validate the paradigm . 
  it 's not about the practical outcome , which i 'm sure they would deplore as much as the next person . 
  however , in their view , the practical outcome is the outcome of the wrong-headed creation of such an imperfect currency in the first place . 
  if one accepts that the laws of economics are n't really the same as physical laws , and instead bow to politics , then economics is no longer a respectable ` hard ' science , and becomes merely an adjunct study to political science , which itself is a soft science . 
  this would be a huge demotion for academics who see themselves as equivalent to feynman , hawkings , or einstein but in a far more practical field - consulted and respected by governments rather than , as social scientists , mere and suspect functionaries and observers . 
  even those economists who are opposed to the consensus theories enjoy the respectability of their field and have a vested interest in it . 
  if the euro survives , of course , theories will be rewritten to show how it was secretly not so flawed all along , rather than change the paradigm . 
  in the interim , though , it 's easier if it fails , so all the economists can shake their heads wisely and sadly , and say `` ye cannae break the laws of economics '' . 
   the difference is that almost everyone in the uk can name a few mps , most would be able to name may , corbyn and a few others even if they do n't follow politics at all . 
  most eu citizens could not name any meps at all . 
  [ almost two thirds of people unable to name the current prime minister ] ( http://www.varsity.co.uk/news/8317 ) . 
  we could go on , but your faith is absolute and i 'm happy enough with the points i 've made . 
   this is ultimately good for ireland 's democracy . 
  you 're an independent country and are now , for the first time ever , going to have to ask yourselves some difficult questions about what you want to do with that independence . 
  this is a fantastic opportunity . 
  i have to urge you , respectfully , never to say that to an irish person in real life . 
   i have also pointed out that there is no paneu media commenting on eu business or holding parliamentarians to account ( which is necessary for an effective democracy ) . 
  that 's a more general problem with media these days . 
  there is plenty of coverage of eu decisions , though . 
   i have also pointed out that hardly anyone knows the names of any eu parliamentarians ( which indicates how removed they are from the parliament and also is indicative of an inability to hold them to account ) . 
  [ three quarters of people ` can not name their local mp ' ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-22555659 ) . 
  but do n't worry , i know you do n't plan on applying the same argument there . 
   the scare stories did not materialise . 
  pass !, 
   if you think that the only cause of eu turbulence is the uk , well , i am sure you will be happy that we have left . 
  the uk 's exit will cause much more turbulence for ireland than any other source currently in play or on the horizon . 
  and that 's enough for today , i think . 
  i would admire your unshakable faith , if unshakable faith were something i considered admirable . 
   the only other points you have made is that part of the reason for low turnout is low ability to impact something ( which i have not disputed ) . 
  i find it surprising that you have not accepted that another reason for low participation is low understanding of and low connection with the eu parliament . 
  i have accepted that - what i reject is your attempts to use agreement to that as a stepping stone to your preferred conclusions ...  sounds like you are agreeing with me . 
  this has been my point all along . 
  just because the eu has the trappings of democracy ( i , e , you can vote for the eu parliament , that does not make it democratic ) . 
  ... which this is a fine example of . 
  sure , the mere act of voting does n't validate the ep as democratic , but you have n't argued anything yet but low turnout as proof that it * is n't * democratic - and that argument relies solely on the level of voting . 
  this is characteristic of your circular reasoning . 
  you agree that voting is n't the measure of a democracy in order to say the ep is n't democratic - and you also want to use voting as a measure of whether the ep is democratic in order to say that the ep is n't democratic . 
  now , i can say `` only one of those things can be true '' , and i know what the response is - you agree to drop whichever one you think looks currently weaker . 
  because the actual logic of proof is totally irrelevant to you - your opinion is 100 % fixed .
