  the idea that everyone at every level should be elected . 
  functional constitutional architectures contain a variety of checks and balances , the elected and the expert , all of which the idea that `` everyone should be elected '' sweeps away and replaces with a simple dictatorship of the majority . 
  it has become something of a mantra - and one that substitutes for constitutional understanding . 
  the commission , in particular , makes a point of not contradicting what is said by the politicians , because the politicians are elected and the commission is not . 
  strange but true . 
  i suspect the government narrative prevails , although one of our then meps did her best to publicise the real account . 
   semantics ; if the hol were the initiators of legislation in the uk it would be toppled before you could blink , how you can defend the ec being unelected is beyond me , name a single country in the eu that would be happy to have its legislation made by an unelected house . 
  well , according to you , 28 of them , given all 28 of them have supported exactly that ( again , according to you ) through accession to the eu/ec/eec . 
  and as far as i know , they all had referendums on doing so - even the uk . 
  but in fact it 's not semantics but accuracy . 
  the legislative process in the eu does not mean the commission `` makes '' eu legislation . 
  the importance of ` legislative initiative ' is as i 've said - a very limited and mostly negative power . 
  is it a stick to beat greece with , though , as opposed to a way of helping greece ? 
  if greece has a problem with its government budget , which includes but is not limited to repaying sovereign debt , and the other european governments hope to keep greece from falling apart , then they need an argument that allows them to get some of greece 's debt written off , one which the markets , and their own electorates , will accept . 
  claiming greek government debt is ` unsustainable ' is such an argument . 
  i 'd agree that there are some groups which have greater integration problems than others . 
  but is it islam ? 
  pakistani immigrants from the 1950s on integrated into british culture without the problems now attributed to `` islam '' . 
  malaysians and indonesians the same . 
  islam seems to me to be a cultural marker of certain groups with integration issues , not an integration issue in itself . 
  this is quite common in every country , and as far as i know the uk actually suffers from it particularly - it 's called `` gold-plating '' there . 
  the uk government also has a particularly good line in pretending things are the fault of the eu when they 're not . 
  the current furore over the ease with which eu immigrants get social welfare in the uk is a good example - actually , the rules on who gets welfare are national rules , not eu rules . 
  there 's nothing in the freedom of movement that requires the uk to let people get welfare immediately - that 's purely a uk rule . 
   you have the ec ; which is an unelected body that creates all eu legislation - that would be absolutely unacceptable in any eu nation , people would riot over it , yet it 's the thing that governs so much of our daily lives these days . 
  it 's surprising how many people have this belief , and it certainly would be unacceptable if it were true , but the idea that the commission `` creates all eu legislation '' is * not * true . 
  all eu legislation is * initiated * by the commission - usually at the request of the parliament or council - but once the commission has proposed legislation , the power over that legislation passes to the council and parliament . 
  they can veto it , or amend it until it bears no relation to the original , and their votes are required to pass it in whatever form they shape it . 
  so while it looks like initiative is a positive power - so that the commission dictates legislation - it 's actually the opposite . 
  the only thing that the commission can actually enforce is an * absence * of legislation , by deciding not to initiate it in the first place . 
  there 's an irish classic of this kind , with respect to the water services directive . 
  ireland was offered a derogation from the requirement to charge schools for their water , and the government did n't take it up . 
  when the directive came into force , the same government claimed `` the eu '' had made them charge schools . 
  again , everything you say is mysteriously true of blacks in the us , and has been either true of , or at least said of , every single underclass group anywhere ever . 
  well , no . 
  the point is that those things he claims as characteristic of islamic immigrants - unwillingness to learn , gang culture , misogyny , etc - are equally characteristic of ghettoised black men in the us . 
  the point is that the common characteristic is not islam , but ghettoisation by the mainstream culture . 
  if there is a clash of civilisations , it is one-sided - the mainstream culture is rejecting islamic immigrants , which creates the problems the mainstream culture then complains about as supposedly `` characteristic '' of the rejected culture , reinforcing their own rejection of them . 
  yes , the arguments being used are pathetically poor . 
  everything he says about islamic youth in france applies to black youth in america , and the explanation that there 's a `` clash of civilisations '' is clearly not transferable despite having to explain the exact same phenomena . 
  no , you can just be against the current eu because of unaccountability , and be willing to see it replaced by a properly accountable federal structure . 
  sure , but then i did n't say `` super-rich '' . 
  nor would my starting point be the us , but europe . 
  if you look at the record of recent german conservatism , you 'll find that income equality has risen quite noticeably - see here , for example : http://inequalitywatch.eu/spip.php?article114 that 's a pretty common feature of conservative governance - the same is true in the uk , and across the board in europe under the last couple of decades of centre-right governance . 
  it 's not pandering to a handful of billionaires ( although the billionaires have done well ) , but to the better off in general . 
  and , to be fair , in the us , while the rhetoric is about the super-rich , the better-off as a wider group have also done disproportionately better over the last couple of decades . 
   conservatism is n't necessarily a `` rich people only '' thing . 
  it 's definitely a `` rich people first '' thing , though . 
  when it benefits other people , that 's only a side-effect . 
   pick a nation , and they committed crimes against humanity at some point . 
  ireland ? 
  ca n't remember anything off the top of my head . 
  well , bar bono . 
  hmm . 
  in ireland we dropped our restrictions on romanian and bulgarian workers last july . 
  i 've just checked outside the window and there still seems to be some room on the street . 
  sure , that was why i said `` in summary '' , because i do n't think there currently is really a big single debate in ireland . 
  it depends more on personal circumstances and interests , but it all kind of revolves around government ineffectiveness , whether in reducing unemployment or the deficit . 
  if you 're older , with younger kids , that 's likely to be about extra levies and the like , because you 're staying . 
  if you 're younger than that , it 's going to be about youth unemployment . 
  if you 're older with older kids , it 'll be about both . 
  not really - although obviously that depends on who you ask . 
  there was an irish times article today that suggested many oeople do n't have anything like an accurate idea of how much the civil service actually costs anyway . 
  probably in summary the long-running debate over the costs of the civil service . 
  heck , we had three years retention in ireland before that . 
  you have to remember that that 's where these things come from - the national governments - and that the position of `` the eu '' is a compromise between the various national positions , modified possibly by the parliament . 
  only 35.6 % of europeans live in the 68 largest cities . 
  only 22 % in cities with over 2m population , and only 11 % in cities of over 5m . 
  i find that mildly interesting - it suggests a far less urban europe than one might expect . 
  ah , well now you 're just being serious ... 
  luckily , * everyone * understands english , as long as you speak it loudly and slowly enough . 
  not bothering to actually speak it is clearly evidence of laziness , rudeness , sneakiness , or mental incapacity . 
  unless they 're french , in which case all of those , plus being french . 
  yup . 
  `` immigrants '' are people from foreign countries living in the uk . 
  people from the uk living in foreign countries are ex-pats . 
  self-centred as a gyroscope . 
  he actually states what he wants - a secular , cosmopolitan , post-national and transhuman culture . 
  that 's not in any sense either neoliberal or even materialistic . 
  finnish and hungarian are both classified as ` finno-ugaric ' . 
  from october , and a reprise of the obvious , no ? 
  that the euro rests on political cooperation , and would be in trouble without it , is n't exactly earth-shattering analysis . 
  but that 's why the parliament and the council debate , amend , and pass or veto legislation . 
  ok , maybe we should leave the governments out of it and just have directly voted european parliamentarians doing it , but that 's a very federal idea which people ( and national governments ) are n't ready for . 
  and the national governments write the treaties which dictate how the eu works , so until all 28 member state governments are prepared to take their hands off the lever , it 's not a runner . 
  that 's why the directly democratic element of the eu always seems to lag behind its powers , because the national governments are ok with handing over powers as long as they ( jointly ) control them , but less in a rush to hand those powers over to the control of the eu parliament . 
  also , the german chancellor has no power in the commission - that 's the council . 
  the commission has one member per state , all votes equal . 
  the article is a bit inaccurate . 
  the two sides here are n't the commission and the parliament , but the parliament and the member states ( the council ) . 
  the commission document is not a `` commission proposal '' in the legislative sense , but a working document trying to reconcile the conflicting positions of the parliament and the member states . 
  there is no ` commission position ' here except as mediator . 
  as to why the member state governments might have issues with the parliament 's position - in some eu countries , e-cigs are already defined as medical products , or are effectively illegal . 
  wikipedia has a good list of national positions : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electronic_cigarette#cite_note-67 nor are the battle-lines between `` big tobacco/pharma '' on the one hand and the will of the people on the other - big tobacco and big pharma are on opposite sides here . 
  if e-cigs are medical products , big pharma stands to take over a potentially very lucrative market , while if they 're not , big tobacco gets to keep its current market as tobacco controls become ever more restrictive and people give up cigs in favour of e-cigs . 
  no matter how many votes are held , you * can * give the same answer every time . 
  the idea that peoples or legislatures give in just to stop the government pestering them is pretty silly - on the contrary , you can always guarantee a small swing of yes to no out of disapproval of the second request . 
  parliament calls for the creation of a ` social scoreboard ' to allow for a ` better and earlier identification of major employment and social problems ' - daily mail turns that into `` eu to create social police , eat sovereignty , babies '' . 
  i guess it 's believable in the uk because that 's really how government has worked there for the last 20 years or so - if the uk government creates a ` scoreboard ' , it inevitably becomes a procrustean bed on which you always find yourself somehow losing out , while filling out a hundred extra forms . 
  but the eu parliament , and the eu , have no power over national benefits , and wo n't ever have unless all 28 nations decide to give them that power , which seems pretty unlikely .
