  what seems like a good idea , because it makes the executive power directly dependent on the legislative assembly , invariably results in the capture of the legislature by the executive , because the executive is formed by a dominant party or coalition in the legislature . 
  as a result , the executive has a majority in the legislature pretty much by definition , and party loyalty goes on to trump legislative independence . 
  it promotes `` efficiency '' of implementing a legislative agenda , but it is n't actually more democratic . 
  the current situation , where the executive has to * persuade * the legislature to pass its legislative agenda , seems to me a better way - the executive is responsible for shaping the legislative agenda , the legislature is responsible for whether it passes or not . 
  the executive does not need to respond to populist demands or political fads and can shape a long-term agenda , the legislative representatives can consider legislation on its merits , rather than on the demands of party loyalty . 
   let me translate this for you : `` minimize bureaucracy '' = `` get rid of all workers rights , environmental restrictions , and basically go full neo-lib retard '' = tory wet dream . 
  it 's got the whole black hole thing going for it - you may not want to go there , but if you go drinking in dublin city , you * will * wind up there . 
  and then the temple bar black hole will crush you together will thousands of others and suck all your money into another universe . 
  was the same in the abortion referendums , and anti-abortion groups in ireland ( and malta ) have ongoing funding from us right wing christian groups . 
   you 're overestimating the politicians ' capacity to completely change the way their states have functioned for decades with just a simple u-turn . 
  i 'm not sure i am - i think the problem is that all the advice politicians receive goes one way , all the mainstream economic thinking goes one way . 
  to start implementing fundamental changes through legislation is an instantaneous process , even if the working out of those changes is not . 
  to start to want those changes , on the other hand , is a very slow process indeed . 
   i guess your `` austerity was good but now is not the time for it '' narrative could work but it still goes against the ordoliberal fixations of the eu , so that 's still problematic . 
  austerity is n't a paradigm , though , it 's an ordoliberal response ( or one possible response ) to a situation of collapsed government incomes and the resultant deficits . 
  once the correction is done , austerity is redundant , and neo-keynesianism becomes possible . 
  again , i expect the irish government to argue exactly that , because there 's a general election next year - and the question is not whether they 'll persuade the irish public , but the markets ( and if not the markets , the rest of the eu ) . 
   do n't be silly . 
  unfortunately , i ca n't take any equilibrium theory of economics very seriously . 
  however , in this case , the gibe is more aimed at the fact that neo-keyensianism is being espoused only apparently by countries who are up to their ears in debt , for whom ordoliberalism necessarily implies austerity . 
   to extend your analogy , if your business proposal makes the bank obsolete , then the bank will not fund it regardless of whether you lecture them on the evils of capitalism or not . 
  if that were the case , and the bank manager able to spot that it was the case , that would be true . 
  i do n't see , however , that syriza have put forward any such proposal - it 's commonly the case that the person who chooses to lecture the bank manager on the evils of capitalism * believes * that they are putting forward such a proposal , but all the evidence suggests they 're simply deluding themselves . 
   haha . 
  sadly , the remark was n't intended to be funny . 
   given that narrative , they can hardly allow syriza or anyone else to `` soften the impact of austerity '' or anything even remotely related to that because it would undermine the narrative they have been building and repeating for years . 
  of course they can - they just say `` the time for austerity has passed , yay !, 
  '' , or `` although austerity is totally necessary , yes indeed , this spending is incredibly important and necessary '' . 
  the current irish government , who have been the poster boys for austerity , are currently doing the second , and getting the eu to tone down its warnings about blowing the good work done so far . 
  anything is politically possible , it 's primarily a question of how you present it . 
  politicians , by and large , are practical and populist by nature , and rarely do their own thinking - the problem lies more in the ideological fixations of academic and professional economic analysts . 
   syriza proposes something more closely related to neo-keynesianism . 
  is that the one where you do the spending but not the saving ? 
   you ca n't change greece 's policies to a different economic philosophy when the common roof of all the eurozone countries works under a completely different philosophy . 
  well , if you want to borrow money off them , you at least ca n't make it obvious - let alone make obvious your total rejection of their position . 
  i think that 's a generally applicable point , universally enforced by , for example , bank managers . 
  a lecture to the bank manager on the evils of capitalism and the need to smash the system will not in general result in a positive review of your loan application . 
   but what you 're saying is logically inconsistent , which is even worse . 
  it may well be , because i am talking about the practice of politics , which has little to do with logic . 
   in my opinion the outrage about them would have been roughly the same no matter what they did as long as they opposed the austerity status quo . 
  i think the key word there is `` opposed '' . 
  i do n't think european governments are blindly devoted to the `` austerity status quo '' - every democratic politician needs to be elected , and austerity is hardly popular with the voting public . 
  most countries have some kind of radical anti-austerity party/parties nipping at the heels of the incumbents , so most incumbents would , i think , welcome any genuine alternative , and indeed generally do their best to soften the impact of the fiscal adjustments agreed to be required . 
  but ... if you take the krugman-style tack that austerity is wrong , blindly maintained in the face of its obvious wrongness , of benefit to insiders and maintained for their benefit , if you take the tack that there are sides here , and that the `` other side '' is as devoted to their clearly wrong position as you are to your clearly right one , which i think is the position summed up by `` opposed to the austerity status quo '' , and which certainly appeared to be syriza 's position - then , yes , you 're going to * generate * the dogged opposition and dismissal you believe is already there . 
  and i would say that that 's what syriza did . 
  they did n't have a lot of room to manoeuvre , to be fair , and perhaps they felt there was no alternative but to come out with all guns blazing , but taking the line `` you 're all wrong , we 're right , it 's so obvious duh '' is not how you make friends and influence people . 
  and making friends and influencing people is exactly what syriza * needed * to do , what any crisis-hit government ( or organisation , or person ) needs to do . 
  it 's how politics works , particularly for small countries . 
  syriza did not need to challenge austerity at the european level , and had no mandate to do so - they had the opportunity and the mandate only to change things in greece , for which they needed friends outside greece . 
  they set out in a way which not only did not make friends , but alienated those who might otherwise have been at the least sympathetic to them . 
   in other countries treaties are ratified by adopting specific laws and acts too , so the uk is not a special case . 
  it 's not `` ratified '' so much as `` implemented '' , but you could be right - i would n't claim an understanding of every legal system in the world by any means !, 
   you seem to have missed the protocols . 
  article 3 of protocol 1 says :   the high contracting parties undertake to hold free elections at reasonable intervals by secret ballot , under conditions which will ensure the free expression of the opinion of the people in the choice of the legislature . 
  thanks - while that does require a country to be democratic , it does n't actually prescribe a right as such . 
  as per the link :  the court did not state that all prisoners should be given voting rights . 
  rather , it held that if the franchise was to be removed , then the measure needed to be compatible with article 3 of the first protocol , thus putting the onus upon the uk to justify its departure from the principle of universal suffrage . 
   afaik , there have n't been any echr cases about whether non-citizens should be able to vote which i would say is because the echr does n't prescribe a right to vote , and indeed contains specific exemptions allowing governments to ban political activity by aliens . 
   it 's all a pointless exercise to try and appease eurosceptic voters , and it faces so many hurdles that there is a good chance that they will have to give up on it . 
  possibly , and hopefully . 
  it 's particularly sad to see the uk trying to back out of something it helped found . 
  nobody else had a mental image of aircraft carriers there ... ? 
  seemed like overkill . 
  sure - and they 've gone the wrong way about it , which is a pity . 
   what about insisting on conditions which only further damage the economy they 're meant to help ? 
  that 's a fundamental point of argument , often misrepresented . 
  the other european countries * want * greece to pay them back , therefore want a strong greek economy , and are n't insisting on austerity either for fun or vindictiveness , but because they believe that such conditions are those which will best strengthen the greek economy . 
  sure , they may be receiving ideologically blinkered economic advice that leads to setting the wrong conditions , but that 's something that can be argued against - on the basis of whether those conditions produce the best outcome , though , not on the basis that it 's somehow morally wrong to set conditions , or morally wrong to set conditions that may involve sacrifices on the part of greece . 
  greece wants the money , other people 's money , and that those other people may want as a condition something that involves hard work and/or sacrifices on the part of greece is not the morally outrageous idea it 's often made out to be . 
  it 's worth pointing out , having seen the troika process from close to in ireland , that the national government involved is in a much stronger position than it may seem - the troika , while it may lay down conditions for getting the money , can not actually * enforce * the conditions , and does n't even have the manpower to do more than a basic check that conditions are really being met . 
  all the inventive resources of civil service and political foot-dragging , fudging , blaming an uncooperative public , creatively finding difficulties and unwelcome ramifications , citing local/regional particularities , and so on are at the disposal of the national government , while everybody 's under pressure to find and demonstrate solutions in tight timeframes and not have the country collapse into depression , anarchy or civil war . 
  if the national government make it difficult enough to achieve a particular target , the likelihood is that targets will be swapped or a compromise achieved . 
  the irish government protected certain vested interests ( particularly the legal profession ) and certain voting blocs ( unionised civil servants , in particular ) throughout the troika period , even though there were quite specific targets relating to them . 
  they just passively resisted having those things happen , and those things did not happen . 
  now , i 'm not particularly * happy * about the irish government 's effectiveness in resisting those troika proposals , but i would say that there 's no question of whether they were effective . 
  they speedily implemented those parts of the troika agreement that they liked ( and blamed the troika for them ) , and dragged their feet and made difficulties on those they did n't . 
  the troika found it easier to push where pushing was easier , and the process was steered along with the irish looking like the best in class and receiving praise all round - not bad for a country implicated in maybe half the bank blowups in europe . 
  and yes , that made it harder for everyone else , because it `` proved that austerity works '' , but well , you 'll have that , as we say . 
  syriza have gone at this like a bull at a gate - completely the wrong approach , however much it delighted the peanut gallery . 
  they seem to have assumed that they , and they alone , had the moral right to be obstreperous , and instead of gently shoving the troika along the paths of least resistance , they set up roadblocks full of shouting finance ministers on every path . 
  that the result may not turn a crisis into a catastrophe is due only to the fact that they 're realising they went about it wrong . 
   no mention of the eu 's stubbornness ? 
  so syriza 's failings are all their own fault , and no blame lies with those holding the purse strings ? 
  the rest of europe is being stubborn with their own money ( aka their taxpayers ' ) . 
  they 're not holding greece 's purse strings , they 're holding their own , while greece wants into their purses . 
  i would say that my government is not merely entitled to grip the purse strings firmly , but * obliged * to do so . 
  i have no objection to another greek bailout , but the idea that other countries should just hand over their taxpayers ' money without any kind of conditions does n't fly . 
   depending on how things turn out the reality on the ground in the uk could be anything from ` same as france ' ( that is , no big deal ) to denial of basic human rights ( worst possible circumstance ) . 
  given that [ the convention ] ( http://www.echr.coe.int/documents/convention_eng.pdf ) does n't actually prescribe voting rights - neither ireland nor france 's arrangements are affected by it - it does n't seem likely that this move is aimed at that . 
  the echr covers : * right to life * prohibition of torture * prohibition of slavery and forced labour * right to liberty and security * right to a fair trial * no punishment without law * right to respect for private and family life * freedom of thought , conscience and religion * freedom of expression * freedom of assembly and association * right to marry * right to an effective remedy * prohibition of discrimination it also has four riders to that , one of which does specifically cover the voting issue : * derogation in time of emergency * restrictions on political activity of aliens - `` nothing in articles 10 , 11 and 14 shall be regarded as preventing the high contracting parties from imposing restrictions on the political activity of aliens . '', 
  * prohibition of abuse of rights * limitation on use of restrictions on rights so if it were just about voting rights , this would n't be even slightly needed . 
  it will presumably be about the rights in the convention . 
  ooh ... i 've been to algeciras . 
  lucky , lucky me . 
   you might be mixing me up with another poster . 
  i might be , of course , although in comparison to the press of some other countries even the guardian would be only weakly europhilic , and i note that the use of `` etc '' only occurs for the eurosceptic papers . 
  numerically , anyway , i would doubt that many eurosceptics in the uk find themselves in a position where they find it difficult to express their euroscepticism for fear of social disapprobation , even in equivalent-level social circles to yours . 
  do you know , i completely failed to read the username for the comment !, 
  in your specific case , i think i might have to take the argument that euroscepticism is an unpopular argument in your social circle with something of a pinch of salt - ** not ** because i consider you dishonest , but because i 've generally found that what you consider to be europhilic i would consider to be eurosceptic , if more mildly eurosceptic than your position . 
  it was you who considered the uk press europhilic , i think ?
