  everyone agrees in the case ( ok , bar the canadian government , who presumably do n't ) that the export ban had nothing to do with environmental protection , and was purely politically motivated . 
  you should read the cases rather than just copy-pasting from wiki . 
  those that have been settled are exactly what i said - examples of unfair discrimination . 
  the canadian government has never banned the export of pcb waste - what canada did was change the pcb export rules to try to give canadian companies an advantage over a particular us company with a canadian subsidiary . 
  the mmt case - the canadian ban was n't repealed on foot of the company 's challenge . 
  it was repealed because canadian states successfully challenged it under canada 's internal trade laws . 
  canada settled with ethyl because the federal government was therefore responsible for introducing a faulty law :  further to a challenge launched by three canadian provinces under the agreement on internal trade , a canadian federal-provincial dispute settlement panel found that the federal measure was inconsistent with certain provisions of that agreement . 
  following this decision , canada and ethyl settled all outstanding matters , including the chapter eleven claim . 
  the mere existence of isds cases does n't make isds anything other than something that exists - you 'll need to do more to show that those cases are misuses of isds , and you wo n't be able to do so from wikipedia 's summaries . 
   governments have every right to say `` yeah we 're no longer going to allow this particular act in our territory '' and ** everyone ** has to abide by that rule . 
  if it 's everyone , isds is n't applicable . 
  isds applies only when the government decides that while they 're going to allow the act only for their domestic companies and not for companies from the country they have the fta with . 
   in short ; corporations already have a way , in the form of local judiciary , of challenging the application of laws ; and they should not have a say in the making of laws anyway . 
  thus , isds is redundant at best , undemocratic at worst . 
  if your summary were correct , that would be true , but it 's not . 
  it does n't give them a say in the making of laws , and it ensures that their complaints are heard in a forum which can actually make a judgement . 
  it 's neither redundant nor undemocratic . 
  the problem with `` local judiciary '' ( rather , national courts ) is that they can only apply the law of the land . 
  say the us government makes a law that says eu companies in the us must pay double tax because they 're foreign - not outside the bounds of trumpism . 
  an eu company goes to the us courts to complain - but it 's the law of the land , and not unconstitutional , so the us courts can provide no redress . 
  that 's where isds comes in - it 's a forum in which it can be determined that the us government is in breach of its fta obligations , something that ca n't be done in a national court . 
  that 's all there is to isds . 
  if the isds panel finds that the law does n't discriminate against foreign companies , or that it 's for the public good , there will be no recompense . 
  philip morris tried the isds angle on the basis that there were no domestic tobacco companies in australia , so the plain packaging law was discrimination against foreign companies , and they lost , because the law was for the public good . 
  that 's not some kind of chance outcome , it 's the way isds is set up . 
   yes . 
  corporations , or any private entity for that matter , can not be granted authority over democratically elected governments . 
  they 're not granted that by isds , though . 
  they 're just granted the right to seek recompense if one of the governments fucks them over . 
   it 's not like we can vote for him you can vote for european parliament party whose candidate you like , though . 
  to be fair , this is quite a harsh ( and deserved ) criticism . 
  so it 's a potemkin village ? 
  centralising power and bringing the wilder regions of a country under the effective rule of law is something that always has two faces . 
  you can celebrate the increase in order , justice , etc , or you can regret the loss of individuality . 
  the former is pragmatic , the latter romantic . 
  my father tends to refer to them in english civil war terms as `` roundheads '' and `` cavaliers '' , and considers himself among the latter . 
  few romantics would actually enjoy the kind of disorder they celebrate in retrospect , but it makes for great novels , and occasionally for things like the brexit vote . 
  seconded !, 
  i think people also confuse the 2010 bailout - where we * were * pressured - with the 2008 blanket guarantee , and just mentally lump it all together as `` the bank bailouts '' . 
  but , yeah , we did the blanket guarantee off our own bat and to everyone else 's dismay , and you could argue that that led to the troika bailout in 2010 . 
  we did 90 % of our bank bailouts between 2008 and 2010 ( because having done the blanket guarantee , letting the banks fail was no longer an option at all ) , nearly burst ourselves doing it , and it still looked like we were on the hook for more . 
  after all , our domestic banking sector was huge - balance sheets 3.5 times our gdp . 
  that put our credit rating up shit creek - hence the troika intervention . 
  we did go down bravely saying `` no , no , we got this , we do n't need no help '' , which was why the ecb pressured us , since in fact we did . 
  just like nobody would lend to us , nobody would lend to our banks either , which meant they were all on ecb life support - using something like a third of the ecb 's capacity at a time when everybody else 's banks were also in need of it . 
   eh no i think you have it the wring way around . 
  the blanket guarantee is widely acknowledged to have been pressured on us by the eu . 
  nope : [ ireland 's deposit guarantee causes stir ] ( http://www.upi.com/business_news/2008/10/01/irelands-deposit-guarantee-causes-stir/upi-19201222901978/ ) :  ireland 's move to guarantee all national bank deposits has other european countries scrambling to level the financial playing field . 
  france is considering copying the irish and european regulators are investigating whether ireland 's move to guarantee $ 400 billion in savings and loans held by six of its largest financial institutions for two years constitutes anti-competitive behavior , the daily telegraph reported wednesday . 
   britain has brought the issue up with the european union . 
  [ the irish solution : unlawful , beggar-thy-neighbour and short sighted , but apart from that ok ] ( http://blogs.ft.com/maverecon/2008/10/the-irish-solution-unlawful-beggar-thy-neighbour-and-short-sighted-but-apart-from-that-ok/#axzz2k4f084rt ) :  clearly , the irish central bank , the regulator and the government did not do their homework . 
  the guarantee violates eu rules on state aid in a number of ways . 
   financial crises may not be the best time to make friends and influence people , but the irish guarantee is the most ` in-your-face ' beggar-thy-neighbour provocation since medieval armies catapulted bubonic-plague-ridden corpses into the cities they were besieging . 
  between the attempt to favour irish shareholders at the expense of foreign shareholders and the poaching of uk sterling deposits ( and indeed euro deposits anywhere else in the euro area ) through subsidy-fuelled interest rate offers , ireland should not be surprised to encounter limited support and solidarity in the eu the next time the country is up against it , for whatever issue . 
  [ commissioner says irish plan contravenes eu law ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/commissioner-says-irish-plan-contravenes-eu-law-1.829655 ) :  european union competition commissioner neelie kroes said today that the irish government 's plan to provide unlimited guarantees on deposits in irish banks contravenes eu law . 
  [ banking crisis ] ( https://nathanjmorton.wordpress.com/tag/banking-crisis/ ) :  the unravelling began last week when ireland , fearful of a run on its capital markets , touched off by the frightening weakness of her stock market last monday , moved to guarantee all deposits within the irish banking system . 
  the other nations of europe , then fearful that capital would logically rush to ireland to seek protection , said that ireland 's decision was at best unwise , perhaps un-european and unconstitutional , and simply downright wrong . 
  they protested . 
  frankfurt and paris led the way . 
  mr. trichet said that ireland 's unilateral decision was wrong and that all decisions of this matter should be a pan-european decision , not a parochial one . 
  confusion , as we have always , said , breeds contempt , and with that confusion the eur came under assault . 
  / u/thelastgoodemperor is correct . 
  the irish blanket guarantee , far from being `` pressured on us by the eu '' , was unilateral and highly unpopular with the eu . 
  fianna f\u00e1il did their best to claim that it was someone else 's fault once they found people thought it was a bad idea rather than the very clever move they 'd seen it as , and it looks like they 've done well . 
   it failed to stop brexit , the migrant crisis or greek collapse . 
  the eu would n't even have the right to stop brexit . 
  it ca n't stop there being a migrant crisis because major military powers keep destabilising the middle east . 
  it 's the only thing standing between greece and collapse . 
   instead it blindly throws taxpayers ' money into unnecessary vanity projects and straightens bananas . 
  not sure what vanity projects you 're thinking of , but `` straightens bananas '' , if we ignore the silliness , is trade regulation . 
  yes , the eu regulates the single market , which encompasses 500m people , over 30 countries , and trillions in trade annually . 
  it does that so effectively most people do n't even notice it , and that 's its primary job . 
  it manages the flows of capital , people , investment , goods and services within that market , as well as having a huge impact in soft power terms globally . 
  so , yes , the eu works . 
  working is , you could say , its primary characteristic , and it does it so well most of us do n't even have to think about it . 
  the only drawback to that quiet efficiency is some people do n't think about it . 
  because very few people think it `` plainly does n't work '' , most likely . 
   in english or in approximative french using google translate so far . 
  that 's one of the interesting features of a lot of online attempts to sway social media . 
  although a lot of this is attributed to russia , my own view is that much of it is us-based right-wingers . 
   it 's truly sick , what kind of damage just one rich australian fuckhead has managed to do we have n't seen a fraction of the damage yet , given how much he 's contributed to preventing action on climate change . 
  true , but that 's not how it works . 
  the fakes get handed out on 4chan , and then pop up on other social media via 4channers ' accounts on those social media . 
  hmm . 
  nigel farage and his amazing mind monkeys . 
  nope . 
   i was talking about introducing more people into the process on the british side that are pro-eu . 
  that is what you get if you weaken the executive against what is still quite a pro-eu parliament/establishment . 
  it 's a good point . 
  on the other hand , may seems to have little fear of europhile elements in parliament turning against her , and much more of eurosceptic elements . 
  so far , parliament rather has shown itself to be a pushover . 
  i think that 's completely the wrong way round , and based on the idea that negotiation is intimidation for gain , rather than , as in this case , a horribly tedious bureaucratic exercise covering 45 years of administrative detail . 
  what the eu will want , more than anything , is the `` strong and stable '' government that may is so fond of promising , because that means that once you 've signed off on a chapter of the negotiations , that 's that . 
  with a weak government , it 's not , and the uncertainty drags everything out and makes it more difficult , in what is a difficult and time-critical negotiation . 
  nor does the eu necessarily stand to do better with a weaker may - she 'll be less able to compromise for fear of upsetting particular elements . 
  with a rock solid majority and an obviously huge mandate , she can afford to compromise - whereas the size of may 's majority means absolutely nothing in terms of bargaining power with the eu . 
   lack of tax revenue leading to a bailout . 
  the argument is n't impossible to make , although i 'd agree it 's basically wrong as put . 
  the yawning government deficit from 2008 was much more to do with loss of tax revenue than with the bank recapitalisations , but it was the collapse of receipts from the construction sector that produced most of that loss - we 'd reached some absurd proportion of gdp from construction-related activities , with a good chunk of the non-construction economy dependent in turn on the construction sector . 
  more broadly , it was the shift in the tax base from more stable revenue sources ( income tax , vat , excises ) to cyclical sources ( corporation tax , stamp duties , and capital gains tax ) that caused the revenue collapse - and that shift was large , going from those sources contributing 8 % of tax revenue in 1987 to 30 % in 2006 .
