   mine is rolling in an inglesina is n't that `` little englander '' ? 
  i think that 's relatively recent . 
  pity nobody thought of measuring it ... hm . 
  so far we have a ` yes ' for french , dutch , spanish anyway . 
  and hungarian . 
  and german . 
  and blackfoot , apparently ? 
  you do get a mass effect alright - starts bad , saner people maybe comment but most do n't , so it gets worse , so fewer sane people comment , and it just spirals downward . 
   they 're equating the eu with europe . 
  they 're europeans , they get to do that if they like . 
   bananas !!!, 
  but straight . 
   i agree . 
  it is less of a threat to the eu so therefore more achievable . 
  it 's possible that you mean `` perceived threat '' there , with the implication of closing ranks against it , but i would say that from inside the bloc it 's a genuine threat and stumbling block to both the functioning and the progress of the eu . 
  particularly , perhaps , since it seems to have no particular end in mind other than itself - by which i do n't mean that it 's selfish , but that rather than being a means to an end , it seems to be an end in itself . 
   nobody here wants the eu to collapse . 
  that 's bad for our economy . 
  generally true , but unfortunately not entirely true . 
  there is a definite minority in the uk , and smaller minorities elsewhere , who oppose statism on principle , and therefore find the existence of the eu both absurd and offensive . 
  however , they 're likely to care a great deal less as long as the uk is n't involved . 
  that 's a fairly unmitigated positive in my book . 
   at present , the uk is already looking at the prospect of a more `` flexible union '' through the eyes of an eu outsider . 
  in future , the country will probably support flexibility as a means of remaining involved in some eu initiatives as a non-member . 
  that will constitute an interesting pull on the union , although very different from the uk being inside the eu and still working towards the same thing . 
  it seems likely that flexible cooperation with a third-country uk might be less weakening for the eu institutions than the uk 's push for flexibility from inside - flexibility by the eu , rather than flexibility within the eu . 
   in 15 years we 'll get to see if an economy that 's brought to the level of western europe actually wants to remain in the eu . 
  and we 're here . 
   but let 's not pretend germany could n't do a lot with an extra 20b each year . 
  on the other hand , let 's not pretend that germany could get better value for that money . 
  you 'll need really thin lines to draw the borders , or there 'll barely be anything left to claim . 
  i think our government just used the troika as an excuse for things they wanted to do , and i know they ignored several things they had agreed to do ( and probably needed to do ) . 
  greece was just in the awkward position of needing to do a lot of things . 
   obviously its fine to have an interest ( i 'm not scottish but i skimmed the article ) but when i read `` we '' it implied that you were somehow involved . 
  well , i have family and friends there , did my post-grad there , and lived there for several years , so i 'll definitely be keeping up with the news on it . 
  if they voted out i 'd definitely go first-footing . 
   but i 'm a bit grumpy this afternoon , so do n't take it personally . 
  glad i did n't go for one of several rather ruder answers , so . 
  sure , we have absolutely no interest in scotland , no fellow-feeling , no interest in uk matters , no trade with either the uk or scotland , no interest in the eu , and we do n't pay any attention to english-language news sources outside ireland . 
  well , i 'm afraid we can expect full-on * furor anglicus * this time . 
  the unionist media has evidently decided indyref2 is a go , and the propaganda war has started . 
  permanent policy rather than constitutional requirement , but constitutionally there 's a commitment to international peace . 
   i mean , he 's not wrong with the election part . 
  the netherlands , france and germany will all have elections within 6 months from now , with a combined population of over 150 million . 
  the likelihood of the eu-asean talks being anywhere serious in 6 months is close to zero , though . 
  there 's probably a ` sweet spot ' for starting such negotiations where they are n't advanced enough before one set of probably-problematic elections to become a political football , but are finished before the next set . 
   what are the advantages of the majoritarian system ? 
  for whom ? 
  so that 's where it went . 
   for one thing , with the benefit of hindsight we know that iceland , which did not bail out its banks , had one of the best recoveries . 
  i think that 's rather over-stating the case . 
  they 're back on the trend of their previous growth , but so is ireland . 
  and the impact at the time was much larger :  within days , the currency collapsed . 
  over 80 percent of the financial system buckled and almost all businesses on the island were bankrupted . 
  you can see why governments might want to avoid that . 
   unfortunately , with greece there is not the same level of certainty that greece will repay . 
  the levels of risk for the taxpayer were completely different . 
  true enough . 
  the rationale is that failure to bail out banks creates all kinds of problems that are more expensive and damaging than doing so . 
  exposure to ireland meant the uk did contribute a bilateral loan to the irish bailout - same reasoning . 
  it 's not correct - uk exposure peaked at $ 13bn in 2008 , about 10 % of foreign exposure to greece : http://bruegel.org/2015/02/whos-still-exposed-to-greece/, 
  what interests me is the continuing prevalence of many of these names in the `` clan '' area . 
  you 'll find a lot of brady in cavan , a barry is usually from cork , a timmins from kildare , a roche from waterford . 
  i do n't think of that as something describable by ` size ' , i admit - the number of seats is both discrete and small . 
  still , it 's the independent constituencies commission , not politicians , who draw the boundaries . 
   stv is only proportional within a district , not at a national level sure . 
   the problem is large parties in government have the incentive to make the districts smaller ( which successive irish governments keep doing ) , which reduces the proportionality well , they 're physically smaller to reflect increased density of population , and they 're drawn up by the constituency commission , not by the d\u00e1il . 
  so i do n't think that 's actually true . 
   that said it 's still a fantastic system , much better than almost all others ( especially the awful closed-list pr system ) i 'm enormously fond of it . 
   i did n't say that the marketplace produces truth . 
  i said that it `` tends to produce truth '' . 
  it 's the same as saying that , oh , a market economy is useful because it tends to produce reasonably efficient outcomes -- it does n't need to universally be optimal , and showing that it is n't is not a counterexample . 
  but showing that it does n't produce reasonably efficient outcomes would be . 
  and the marketplace of ideas has not been shown to tend to produce truth . 
   yes , restricting speech can indeed be a tool to move a democracy towards dictatorship . 
  and a gun in the hands of a poacher is likely to be used to commit poaching , whereas in the hands of a gamekeeper it is used to discourage poaching . 
  showing that someone who intends to make themselves dictator will use laws to repress speech is not the same as showing that those laws are bad in themselves . 
   that 's not a counter-argument -- there 's no expectation that people not troll , nor need for that to tend toward truth . 
  oh dear - straight to `` no true scotsman '' . 
  should have tacked that in earlier . 
  trolls * are * part of the marketplace of ideas . 
  they 're not part of it that you want to look at , because they do n't fit your happy belief that the marketplace produces truth . 
  but unfortunately what that tells us is that your ideas do n't fit the real marketplace - they fit some idealised conception of it that we can only get to by pretending a lot of the reality does n't actually exist . 
  to me , that 's the clear mark of a useless idea . 
   an example close-to-europe might be turkey 's eight-year-old prohibition of insulting turkishness . 
  an example from a man who is making himself a dictator , in a country whose history of democracy is very patchy . 
  perhaps you can think of an example closer to home . 
   hmm . 
  all right , if i can rephrase what you 're saying as `` free speech as implemented has not been absolute '' , i wo n't object . 
  i do n't really mind whether or not you do - you 're a sufficient example of * belief * in free speech as an absolute yourself , and i was n't under the impression that such people do n't exist ( having been one myself ) . 
  but what i was saying is not about the ideal , but the reality - insofar as free speech is a public right , it is always a qualified one . 
  there is nowhere that it exists as a right that it is not qualified . 
  nobody in a position of public responsibility has created it as one - i would say because belief in it as an absolute right is irresponsible . 
  no , we 've gone beyond that stage in our national history , i think . 
  they 're more likely to be carried out of the parliament 's bar . 
   i disagree -- it 's why we engage in discussion at all on a day-to-day basis , why debates exist , and so forth . 
  all rely on the prospect that people will , in general , tend towards truth . 
  that 's not evidence at all for the assertion , though - it 's just an observation that we engage in debate , with the discovery of truth as the purpose again simply assumed without evidence . 
  and i think we both know that it 's not something you can simply assume . 
  some people engage in debate for the pleasure of debate , with no intention of changing their ideas .
