  the commission is saying that that is n't true , and that ireland should n't have accepted that claim . 
  the 10-year period is just the period over which state aid can be claimed back if state aid is proven . 
  it does n't pre-date apple 's use of this `` tax optimisation '' structure , it post-dates it . 
   i cant see how this ruling can make apple pay sequestration of assets , being barred from the european market , stuff like that . 
   apple is n't breaking any rules no , they 're just benefiting from rules being broken . 
  but apple is n't being fined , they 're just being made to repay the amount they 've benefited by . 
   leaving would have been an option in 2009 leaving a bunch of international banks holding the bag . 
  mostly greek banks , afair - that was why the greek state debt writedown meant greek banks having to be bailed out . 
  that 's true , but they do need a finished product to vote on . 
  / u/thorbes ' original point acknowledged that . 
  merry christmas for them . 
  when all life gives you is lemons ... 
  the shock of the decision is one thing , the effects of the action taken to implement the decision are another . 
  however one feels about brexit , that 's the case . 
   a secular state is a state is not connected to religion ... it does not per definition mean that it is against displays of religion . 
  the french have traditionally taken a rather more forcefully secular line than that . 
  france is n't just ` secular ' in the sense that most western states are secular , which is , i agree , the sense you 've given , it is secular in the sense that religion is not allowed to play a public role - republicanism is the established state ideology . 
  even ireland fits the definition of ` secular ' you 're using , but our secularity is just a case of not giving the church a formal role in our constitutional architecture , not having an ` established church ' , and so on . 
  it 's not secular in the french sense . 
  a longer explanation : http://www.prospectmagazine.co.uk/features/secularisminfrance, 
  france is legally a secular state - overt/excessive religious display is anti-secular . 
   in the long term this will be fantastic for us , we will not need to live off of brussels ' teet ; re-establishing credentials in the wto will not be difficult at all , people talk about the uk losing its status as a top economic power , they will want to do deals with us , we 're the worlds 5/6th biggest economy !, 
  it 's not even that bellicose . 
  had a member state wanted to withdraw at any point , it would simply state that it was doing so . 
  lisbon did n't change what member states could do in that sense - they are , and always have been , sovereign and voluntary members of the eu - it just set out a procedure for exit negotiations , if the leaving state wanted them . 
  the uk does n't have to negotiate anything if it likes - it can just hand in its notice and walk . 
  article 50 binds the eu , not the member that leaves . 
   and how many politicians just vote on how much money they get from one side ? 
  relatively few , because it 's hard to get the money without it being found out , and in whipped party systems it would make no difference anyway . 
   the elite politicians you want to make the decisions for you is not any better than the average literate people . 
  most of them * are * , in fact , average literate people . 
  they 're not an `` elite '' , they 're just people whose job it is . 
   there is literally no way for ` no ' to win , they could have a hundred referenda , 99 are no and 1 is yes , then yes wins forever . 
  theoretically , yes . 
  practically and politically , no . 
   this process gives an inherent bias towards one side . 
  the government has the power to call referendums , so the process is always biased in that respect - they call referendums that would allow them , if successful , to implement policies . 
  in a better world it 's supposed to be the public , informed by a relatively objective ( overall ) and informed media . 
  the courts are , i think , already doing their part - it 's the `` relatively objective and informed media '' bit that 's the problem . 
   in addition , there are other treaties that are n't necessarily ftas that include investor dispute settlement provisions , e.g. 
  energy charter treaty , to which the eu ( and therefore ireland ) are party . 
  this is in fact the treaty that the vattenfall cases - cited in a confused form by every anti-isds polemic - happened under . 
  ireland is indeed a signatory . 
  that 's well put . 
  humans are better at spotting competence and spoofing in another human than they are at analysing complex issues . 
  not great at either , but better at the former . 
  on the other hand , the various polls conducted over the years consistently show the uk public as having poor knowledge of the eu - for which , to be fair , their politicians and media are largely responsible . 
   repeated referendums devalue referendums i 'd argue the opposite , practically . 
  a second referendum , by virtue of having had longer time for debate and campaign , is almost inevitably a better informed decision . 
  and the possibility of a repeat means it 's possible to give the government a kick if it fails to take the referendum process seriously enough - as i would say was the case with both nice and lisbon - while not pushing the country into a hasty decision as part of doing so . 
  you could say that it separates the political aspects of the referendum from the decision-making aspect of it - and the latter is by far the more important . 
   becoming an expert on what they are supposed to be doing vs actually pandering to the masses regardless of the outcome bit of both , mostly . 
  but that 's what the job entails anyway , even done right . 
   major powers like france already stated that the current draft will not be accepted as it is . 
  meaningless , because the `` current draft '' is far from the final draft . 
  it 's just france shouting to get its preferences taken more seriously . 
   the irish had an eu referendum and their govt ignored them , now that 's democracy !, 
  no , they ran a second referendum . 
  had they really ignored the first , they would have just gone ahead despite the vote . 
  people who do n't like the way the second referendum went would prefer to have stuck with the first for obvious reasons , but the second one was exactly as democratic as the first , and superseded it by virtue of being later . 
  the government was entitled to try a second referendum , and it * could * have returned a no , but did n't . 
  that * is * democracy - if you can hold a second referendum and get a different result , then people have changed their minds , and sticking to the first vote despite that would be completely undemocratic . 
  well , ireland does it that way . 
  most advice is provided to politicians by the civil service , and expert advice is usually provided either by commissioned reports or by calling experts before d\u00e1il committees . 
   i was thinking in terms of economists in the finance department . 
  who are just qualified economists , they 're not picked by politicians . 
   it 's also worth pointing out that politicians appoint many of the people that run the civil service . 
  well , no - they appoint many ( far too many ) of the board members of the public service , such as the road safety authority or the hse , but not of the civil service ( govt departments , opw , revenue , etc ) , who are promoted through the ranks of the civil service . 
  there are a small number of political advisors who are picked by the politicians , but the great majority of the advice available to them comes from the civil service , which is politically neutral , or outside experts . 
  that does n't mean they listen to the advice , of course . 
  i 've contributed to reports which made their way up the chain to be ignored at the top - but that 's always been the way with scientific advice . 
  and to be fair to politicians , their job is n't simply to enact the best available advice , even in the case of scientific advice . 
  the science says `` this is how best to protect water quality '' , the politician has to look at how that will work with what people want to do , are willing to do , etc. 
  that 's one of the reasons why politicians are generally people people rather than experts - they 're there to balance theoretical best policy against the realities that it 's implemented by people , for people , and only with the cooperation of people . 
   trade agreements which will allow the state to become liable by multi-nationals in a court of law is a massive amendment to our current trading agreement . 
  if it involved setting up courts which were superior to irish courts or the oireachtas in legislative matters , that would be true . 
  isds does n't do that , though - there is n't a court , and isds arbitration panels can only award compensation , they ca n't change any legislation . 
   i mean yea there are helpers , advisor 's , etc , but the elected representative chooses who they are . 
  they do n't actually pick them . 
  the civil service provides civil service advisors , and those non civil servants called before committees are generally leading experts . 
   so if the public ca n't make a wise decision , why put so much faith in the person that gets elected , as if they are so much wiser ? 
  because that person has more time to put towards it , has regular experience in dealing with such things , and has expert advice available to them . 
  they do n't have to be wiser , it 's just that it 's their job and their responsibility . 
  tbh , i used `` technological head start '' because the author did , and in the same sense , which is in the relatively modern world . 
  so with respect to those two counter-examples , i 'd say that the caliphate was n't technologically more progressive than the west ( it was built on the conquest of two technologically solid empires , but managed only a brief period of flowering ) , while china seems always to have progressed much more slowly , and owed its temporary superiority to its much greater longevity . 
  and `` it 's all dictated by political correctness '' has become another straw man . 
   eta : is a referendum even necessary ? 
  almost certainly not . 
  the question is whether we have a cameron who can be scared into giving one . 
  the good friday agreement is 30 pages long , and pretty simple . 
  the ` government procurement ' chapter of ttip ( one of 15 chapters ) is 34 pages long and more complex . 
  for example , this is the bit of the gfa that sets up the north/south ministerial council :  1 . 
  under a new british/irish agreement dealing with the totality of relationships , and related legislation at westminster and in the oireachtas , a north/south ministerial council to be established to bring together those with executive responsibilities in northern ireland and the irish government , to develop consultation , co-operation and action within the island of ireland - including through implementation on an all-island and cross-border basis - on matters of mutual interest within the competence of the administrations , north and south . 
  and this is an extract from the ttip procurement chapter :  5 . 
  the parties shall seek to resolve any objections to a proposed modification through consultations . 
  [ 2 ] in such consultations , the parties shall consider the proposed modification and , in the case of notification described in paragraph 3 ( b ) , any claim for compensatory adjustments , with a view to maintaining a balance of rights and obligations and a level of mutually agreed coverage comparable to the level that would exist under this chapter if the modification is not made . 
  well , uplift , who have campaigned against ttip for quite a while now , commissioned the poll , and they 're good enough to have got it in the papers during the slack season . 
  it 's reasonably likely to be a ` mixed ' agreement , that is , affecting both eu-only and national competences , because a good chunk of what 's under discussion is ` non-tariff barriers ' , which are regulatory practices designed to hinder us imports . 
  some of those regulatory practices are likely to be national ones rather than eu ones . 
  and looking at ceta , which is apparently not a mixed agreement , but is being treated as one as a result of political preferences , i would think ttip would go the same way .
