  not the case for greece - greek banks were healthy before they were forced into a writeoff of their greek government bonds in 2012 . 
  in greece the state was insolvent , the banks were not . 
  even in ireland , the amount of bank-related debt is only $ 64.5 bn out of a total debt of $ 205bn . 
  the problem in ireland was primarily a collapse in government revenue at a time when government expenditure on social assistance rose sharply - because during the preceding bubble the irish tax base had been largely moved to consumption taxes ( particularly stamp duty on house sales ) which were inflated by the bubble , while employment and gdpo had also become heavily dependent on the bubble ( 15 % of gdp * and * employment ) . 
  the inflated tax revenues had been committed to public sector wage payments in a vote-buying exercise . 
  the collapse of the bubble led to a large simultaneous fall in employment , gdp , and tax revenues along with a large rise in the need for unemployment assistance , while the existing public sector pay bill soaked up most of the available revenue . 
  bailing out the banks on top of that was probably the last straw , but the rest of the bill is much bigger . 
  so greece has only received 4 and a bit * full * marshall plans . 
  nah ... he submitted his resignation to himself as party leader , and rejected it . 
   agreed : you have a point here . 
  i can really listen to farage for hours on end and still be in a state of wanting to hear more , even though i disagree with him at the very same time !, 
  definition of charismatic populism - the chinese food of politics . 
   i think you might be arguing that a largish part of an economy managed or subsidised by a govt is by default unsustainable and thus that as much privatisation as can be done should be . 
  no , i 'm not arguing that 's it 's unsustainable by default , only that it 's unsustainable when it can only be sustained by default , if you see what i mean . 
  possibly that 's a pointlessly confusing attempt at word-play , but everyone has their dark side ...  imho there are parts of the economy , medicine , food , utilities , etc , which should not be managed for profit , and which access to should not be determined by a bank ledger balance . 
  these are part of human dignity , and the good of society . 
  i 'd agree with that entirely , but you do have to * able * to afford it . 
  if the for-profit economy produces surplus x , i have no issues dedicating up to 100 % of x to those things at the expense of private profit ( bar the question of motivation for individuals , although i 'm ok with motivation being supplied through social recognition or public rewards rather than personal wealth ) . 
  what i ca n't see working , though , is dedicating 101 % of x to it , because that 's not sustainable . 
   what 's also relevant to smes and to their working class customers , but which is definitely a problem are regressive consumption style taxes like vat and cuts to pension and jobseekers supports . 
  if these are to be considered for their impact on ` price stability ' and economic contraction ( to reverse it ) then they would not simply be blindly raised or cut , respectively . 
  even if the ` trickle down ' principle held , taking money from the hands of people on the bottom is thus counterproductive to creating demand at the bottom . 
  i would n't disagree - money in the hands of the poor is spent into the real economy , and also more specifically the local economy , in a way that money to the wealthy , or to large corporations , is n't , quite aside from being something i 'd support on non-economic grounds anyway - but a point i made elsewhere is also important . 
  you can only push money through to the bottom of the of the economy if you can afford to . 
  greece ca n't . 
  that 's kind of inelastic , really . 
  if the political will were there to tax at the top , and so far it has n't been , the amounts that generates that can then be pushed further down still are n't certain . 
  greece is n't such an attractive or necessary base , as far as i can see , that high-profit companies will stay there to be taxed . 
  ireland is n't , either - we like our narratives about how it 's our highly educated workforce and our friendly culture , but the government seems to find it necessary to provide generous tax loopholes on top of that , so i have my doubts . 
  the eu has suggested taxation on the currently tax-exempt shipping industry , and that 's been rejected for those reasons , so it seems clear that there are concerns at the greek government level over the likelihood of tax-driven relocation at least as far as the shipping industry is concerned . 
  i 'm not sure why those concerns do n't extend to other industries - the only reasons i can think of are political clientilism . 
  the greek state has traditionally squared the circle of inadequate taxes from the wealthy and a need for social support for the needy by borrowing . 
  that such borrowing was unsustainable i do n't think is arguable . 
  that it therefore ca n't be done again seems to be a sticking point . 
  if syriza 's plans to tax wealthier corporations provides sufficient money to sustain the greek needy without unsustainable borrowing , that would be great - i have no issues with it at all . 
  reversing piketty 's observed trend of capital dominating labour is something worth doing . 
  the problem is that i do n't think it 's going to work in greece any more than austerity `` works '' ( it actually is working , but it does n't do what many people would like it to do - it 's an emetic for future health , not a curative ) . 
  the greek economy is too flawed to begin with , and the idea of fighting piketty 's trend on greek soil seems to me to be both a hopeless exercise in straw-grasping , and the worst possible battleground for any left-winger to pick . 
   in this case however the ideology is leading to what are blind cuts -- those made as part of orthodoxy -- rather than as proper remedy for an economic condition . 
  and they 're making everything worse . 
  a large chunk of the greek economy functions on government subsidies - not necessarily directly to them , but the extra money the government puts into civil service pay packets . 
  the government funded those subsidies through unsustainable borrowing . 
  when the borrowing had to stop - because the markets refused to lend , and the official lenders wo n't lend as much as the markets previously did - the greek government was n't able to fund that portion of the economy , and it has collapsed . 
  the imf 's projections were too optimistic because they under-estimated the extent to which the greek economy was subsidy-dependent . 
  more of the economy collapsed as a result of borrowing limits than would be the case for most countries . 
  but here 's the thing - greece can not afford that subsidised section of the economy on a sustainable basis . 
  it never could , which is why we 're here , because the situation was unsustainable . 
  so greece ca n't go back to doing it , either , otherwise we 'll all be here again . 
  ` trickle-down economics ' is * not * the idea that making things easier for companies to operate makes for more companies and more jobs . 
  that bit of economics is just standard , and proven in practice repeatedly . 
  ` trickle-down economics ' is the idea that if you do n't tax rich people they will use their wealth to invest in creating companies , which is basically just a bs excuse for tax breaks for the wealthy . 
  ` easier for companies to operate ' is not the same thing as not taxing profits , either . 
  for a start , most jobs are provided by sme companies that barely make a profit , so the rate of corporate tax is basically irrelevant to them . 
  what 's relevant is absence of corruption , access to services , a responsive bureaucracy , a simple tax code , lack of restrictions designed to protect the politically connected . 
  clientilists and * any * money.clientilist political parties are n't right or left - they may espouse ideas from either side , and will do so if the ideas are either popular or allow them to reward their client networks . 
  if they 're currently being left-wing , then control of nationalised industries are given to their supporters - if they 're being right-wing , lucrative privatised industries are sold to their supporters at a discount . 
  it is , but you also need a fundamentally healthy economy to start with . 
  call a national economy two parts - the unsubsidised ( e ) and the government subsidised ( s ) , then austerity ( the withdrawal of subsidies ) is always going to reduce the size of s . the more subsidy-dependent the economy , the worse the effects of austerity ( and s increases in a recession as well ) . 
  it 's not a neat case of company a being part of s , while company b is part of e - companies will be part e , part s , to greater or lesser extents . 
  also , it 's not simply that s is direct subsidies to companies - it can also be additional spending resulting from civil service wages . 
  part of why the troika got the effects of austerity wrong in greece is that s was much bigger than they thought . 
  the problem with that as a claim for austerity reduction is that high levels of s ca n't be sustainably afforded by greece even with a return to the markets , so it * has * to be reduced if greece wants an economy it can actually maintain . 
  thanks . 
  that should get him derided as an ` eu lapdog ' and part of ireland 's `` spinelessness '' , so . 
  missed it !, 
  what was said and by whom ? 
   i always hear about how awesome stuff like erasmus is , because it `` breaks down people 's national identities and makes us all more european '' . 
  why is this even a good thing ? 
  i love diversity i like diversity , but being diverse , and being proud of your national identity , is not contradictory to feeling european . 
  being both english and irish , i 'm proud of both identities , and i 'm proud of being european . 
  i do n't see a conflict there - irish and english are both european identities , not american or asian or african . 
  where it becomes a problem is where people use national identities as boundaries that exclude , rather than a strong place to build more identity on top of - as walls rather than foundations . 
  breaking down those walls is positive , removing foundations is n't , but removing national foundations has never been a goal of the eu . 
   `` also those bailouts went to the greeks and were by no means recapitalizion of european banks . '', 
  easier and cheaper to recapitalise banks directly , plus you get control over the banks to sell again when things pick up . 
  recapitalisation via greece ... risky , pointlessly complicated , and no ownership . 
  if greece defaults unilaterally , they can blame greece . 
  politically very different . 
  good summary , but as he says :  first , politicians prefer to live in a fictional world allowing them to pretend no losses have been made so that they can hide the truth to their own taxpayers . 
  that 's a big political problem . 
   reply or do n't - i really could n't care less at this stage . 
  i 'm frankly sick of responding to people like you over the past two days . 
  ah well , you 're pretty clear that i do n't have a notion what i 'm talking about . 
  i 'm equally clear that you do n't . 
  throwing walls of text at each other will give us both rsi to no purpose . 
  may i be the first to christen him euclid t'askalotus ? 
   after the cold war it has been pretty much a no-brainer for even a leftist to say that liberty includes economic liberty . 
  you could say the problem is that the left has n't yet redrawn the battle-lines in such a way that most people are behind their side . 
  attacking `` the banks '' or `` private lenders '' is fun , for example , but ignores the fact that unlike even 30 years ago , most people now have bank accounts and rely on banks in their day to day lives - it 's not a class marker any more . 
  you ca n't just dust off the old rhetoric without thinking about it - or , at least , it only works on people who are n't going to think about it either . 
  if the left draws the battle lines , the front it mans , in such a way that what they 're attacking includes things that ordinary people see themselves as needing - banks , pension funds , markets , companies - then they must do without the support of ordinary people . 
  people do not see capitalism as the enemy any more , because they see themselves , perhaps , as capitalists . 
   this is also the choice that will confront the labour party 's leadership candidates in the uk . 
  the danish election has relevance beyond copenhagen . 
  like the human drama that captivated the world in the television series borgen , it points to a universal progressive dilemma . 
  whenever i 've expressed that view , i 've been told that it 's rubbish , and that the left is playing a blinder and doing great . 
  it is n't , and by that i do n't mean that left-wing parties are `` selling out '' by moving right , but that the support for left-wing policies , for a left-wing policy framework , is slipping away . 
  left-wing political parties ( moderate ones ) are n't moving right by choice , as if they were the pigs selling out in animal farm . 
  they 're moving right in an attempt to stay relevant to an electorate which is moving right . 
  it 's difficult , mind you , to quantify the extent to which voters are moving right economically rather than socially , as the two are hard to disentangle - populist parties on the right are primarily social-policy parties , albeit negative ones ( close the doors , keep our stuff for ourselves ) , whose economic policies are movable .
