  ] ( `` http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/anglo-junior-bondholder-expects-to-get-every-cent-back-30804389.html ) this is another article which you 've quoted in support of your position without apparently reading more than a couple of words . 
  here :  mr klopfer 's company owned $ 17m worth of anglo debt in the form of subordinated bonds before it toppled under the weight of property loans in 2009 . 
   the german company refused to take a deal pushed by anglo and the government in the wake of its collapse , a decision that looks like it could pay off . 
   before it was liquidated under the name ibrc , anglo offered junior bondholders a 20c payout for every $ 1 they had invested . 
   however , if they refused , they were offered just 1c to the $ 1 . 
  ibrc argued that their bonds would have been completely worthless without the recapitalisation of the bank by irish taxpayers . 
   several , including xaia , fought the attempt , taking the case to the english high court where the judge ruled against ibrc . 
  i 'm not sure why you think that supports your position , except that in the most basic possible sense , it involves junior bondholders - in this case german - being `` paid in full '' . 
  except they 're not . 
  all they 've won is the right to get paid whatever is left over after other debts are settled , and they 've only won that by going to court in the uk . 
  the reason they had to go to court was because the irish government was trying to force them to accept an 80 % or 99 % writeoff . 
  how does that mesh with what you 're saying ? 
  where exactly is the conspiracy there ? 
   imf opinion of austerity does n't seem admissible to you ? 
  * their * opinion , yes . 
  * your * interpretation of their opinion , no . 
   $ 1.5 trillion stimulus nothing to do with recovery . 
  what ? 
   german and french banks where n't massively exposed to bad periphery debt . 
  what , again ? 
  i have n't said that , or indeed any of the stuff about `` good north , bad south '' that you 've gone on about . 
   exchange rates seem nothing to do with exports where did this even come up ? 
   oca threoy doesnt exist . 
  sigh . 
  it does , but mundell wrote specifically about the eurozone afterwards , which supersedes his oca theory in respect of the eurozone . 
  plus , hate to say it , but it 's a * theory * , an economic theory . 
  do you give equal credence to the far more well-established theory of market equilibrium ? 
  no , you do n't , you 've already said so - so this has nothing to do with the merits of the theory and everything to do with whether you think it 's a stick you can beat the eurozone with . 
   and greece didnt fulfill their bailouts !, 
  that 's right . 
  they did n't fulfil their bailout conditions for the first few years . 
  it 's a matter of record . 
   how , how , how ? 
  ` is a bomb will go off ' not blackmail . 
  because blackmail would involve the ecb making ireland do something it should n't have been able to make ireland do . 
  in fact , on the contrary , the ecb was bending over backwards to do things * for * ireland it should n't have done . 
  telling someone they better sort their shit out or else you 'll have to reduce the level of support you offer to only what you 're supposed to offer is n't blackmail , particularly when the people you 're talking to are in fact in charge of sorting the shit out . 
  the irish government tried to avoid making hard decisions about irish banks by having the ecb support them - using emergency funds intended for a week or two over a period of years , and using two-thirds of the emergency funding available to the whole eurozone . 
  the ecb telling the irish government they were n't going to continue doing so is no more than reasonable - the language used is a measure of the irish government 's intransigence , not the ecb 's malevolence . 
   that list online , a lot of french and german names on it . 
  also a quote from stephen donnelly td ( harvard-educated economist ) `` nor does wolfgang schauble ( on bondholders ) , germany 's finance minister . 
  when asked why he wo n't publish a list of bondholders , he accused harald of being naive . 
  he states that all banks are linked -- if one fails , all the others will fail too . '' . 
  let me quote you to yourself :  the just did n't fit what you wanted to believe . 
  the list has been repeatedly debunked , and has been admitted to be false in exactly the aspect you concentrate on - `` a lot of french and german names on it '' - and yet you will not change your tune . 
  is there any point to the discussion if not even that level of fact is admissible by you ? 
   i had initially said that i thought german exposure was between $ 10-20bn . 
  well , that 's closer to the entire eurozone exposure , which was $ 16bn at its height . 
   you are missing the greater point . 
  not so much missing it as pointing out that it 's a combination of poor/missing facts , questionable interpretations , journalistic alarmism , and a strong dash of ideology . 
  countries bailed out their banks , and/or were loaned money which they used to repay holders of their sovereign debt - in greece 's case , as is regularly pointed out , most of the money loaned to greece was used by greece to repay existing loans . 
  people say this as if it were something shocking , something that somehow proves the whole thing was a stitch-up of monumental proportions - but all that shows is that they do n't understand government financing . 
  greece had borrowed * very * heavily in the euro period on the strength of its eurozone membership . 
  when governments borrow , they do not generally pay off loans at the end of their life - they borrow again to make the payment . 
  so greece 's issue with rising bond rates was both that it could n't borrow more , and that it could n't roll over existing debts . 
  the money loaned to greece by the troika was for those two things , and in proportion to how greece had established the situation - the vast majority for the existing debt greece could not roll over , a small part for the extra money greece needed to borrow but could n't . 
  the lenders had two basic choices about the roll-over debt - they could lend to greece to pay it , or they could pay it themselves . 
  many people like to talk as if there was another choice , which was to `` write it off '' . 
  but if you write debt off , somebody is left out of pocket . 
  with respect to let 's say $ 28bn , this would have been german banks . 
  what would have happened when a $ 28bn hole was made in the german banks ? 
  well , as i 'm sure you know , they would have needed it filled to stay solvent . 
  who would have filled it ? 
  the german taxpayer . 
  so there was n't * really * another option - either the german taxpayer loaned money to greece , and the greeks used that german money to repay german banks , and then the greeks repaid that borrowed money - or the german taxpayer let the greeks off the debt , and put the money into their banks themselves . 
  the question then is - was it fair for the greeks to be on the hook like that ? 
  and the answer is yes , of course . 
  because the money the greeks owed to the german banks was money the greeks had spent on themselves originally , borrowing from the german banks to do so . 
  if the german taxpayer had gone on the hook for it , then the german taxpayer would have been paying for the greek taxpayers ' bill for money they spent on themselves . 
   i provided reputable sources for all of the claims . 
  it being a private crisis turned into a public cirsis and the public paying for the private , and the transfer of wealth , greece fulfilling their bailouts etc they are thing that were backed up with solid evidence . 
  they 're not actually backed up with solid evidence . 
  there 's a lot of data , and people both cherry-pick and interpret according to their own political agendas and ideologies . 
   if you are interested in truth this video is very succinct i am interested in truth . 
  i never watch videos in search of it , because videos are first , foremost , and nearly entirely propaganda vehicles . 
  i 'll take spreadsheets and data , thanks , and even they need to scrutinised very carefully . 
   evidence ? 
  bis german bank exposure to ireland end of q2 2010 $ 186bn . 
  this is not evidence for german bank exposure to irish * domestic * banks . 
  bis bilateral exposure stats include * all * banks in a country . 
  in the case of ireland , that exposure consists of two basic parts - exposure to irish domestic banks , and exposure to german bank subsidiaries in the ifsc . 
  the figure for the former - exposure to irish domestic banks - is both small , and the only figure that has any relevance to our bank bailout . 
  we bailed out no ifsc banks . 
  we bailed out * only * domestic banks . 
  the reason journalists and commentators fastened on the bis figures at the start of the crisis ( and created an enduring myth in doing so ) was because only bis offers easily-accessible country-pair exposures , which were the figures everyone wanted . 
  unfortunately , those who used the figures did n't understand their basis , and , like you , went on to use them as if german bank exposure to their own ifsc subsidiaries was a measure relevant to ireland and ireland 's domestic banks . 
  it is not , and stories built on it are built on sand . 
  a root around the bis site and the irish central bank will demonstrate that what i am saying is accurate - the bis figures include all `` banks in ireland '' , and their figures match those the central bank has for the same set . 
  the figures for `` irish domestic banks '' are quite different . 
  hope that helps . 
  i 'd love to think the facts would change your mind , but wo n't hold my breath . 
   `` all-encompassing idea of `` virtuous people versus corrupt elite '' '' i did n't say that the peripheries were innocent . 
  what has the latter to do with the former ? 
  the peripheries are n't `` people '' , the centre is n't `` the elite '' . 
   what i did say , and what is factually true was that ; the crisis was mostly a private debt crisis , the citizenry largely paid for the malfeasance of banks , and essentially insured the assets of the rich . 
  which is to say , the virtuous people paid for the debts of the corrupt elite , by virtue of an elite conspiracy that defrauded them . 
  that 's what i said you were saying , not the periphery-centre thing , and here you 've repeated it in an absolutely clear fashion . 
   there was some bondholder/shareholders burning but it was very little - a almost none in the core , dispite their banks being just as exposed to private debt . 
  the public did bailout the private sector to the tune of 5 trillion , the onus of this was put on the population of the peripheries despite the banks of the north having similar levels of private bank exposure . 
  no `` onus '' was put on the periphery .
