  previously i would say that they believed they could rely on the member states to give them the ` right ' orders eventually , and therefore there was n't a fundamental political conflict of interests . 
  they have also always expected to be made scapegoats by national politicians for unpopular decisions , and to take that and say nothing as befits a civil service , but only on the basis that such scapegoating did not fundamentally endanger the existence of the eu itself . 
  brexit in particular , but also other political events around europe , has changed that calculation . 
  in a sense , then , i 'm saying the opposite has happened to your original view - the eu has become more politically separate from the member states , not less , over the course of the crisis . 
  that 's why it looks weaker now it really is trying to act separately and lead the member states than it did previously when the member states were together leading it in a direction it was happy to go . 
  the member states , likewise , are more visible now as actors only because they are no longer acting together . 
  does that make sense ? 
  no , the eu has always been as i described it . 
  that should be obvious from the fact that the treaties that govern it are written by the member states , the fact that the member states in the form of the european council set the agenda for the eu , and the fact that the member states in the form of the council are the most powerful chamber of the eu 's legislative system , with most of the ` prerogative ' issues reserved solely to them . 
  up until the financial crisis and the refugee crisis , the member states were basically in harmony , and acted together as `` the eu '' . 
  the crises caused something of a breakdown in that harmony , as some member states were first called on to bail out others ( the eu itself not having the necessary resources ) , and then called on to accept refugee quotas at a time of rising populism . 
  but whether the eu is ` strong ' or ` weak ' depends solely on the member states . 
  when they choose to sideline it , it can do nothing about it , and when it is apparently `` leading national policy '' , it is likewise only because they have chosen to make it so . 
   european nation-states are clearly re-emerging as actors . 
  the european nation-states have never not been the actors . 
  the question is whether they act together , separately , or against each other . 
  when they choose to do the former , the eu is the framework within which they do so . 
  it 's not a separate entity . 
  prefer ! = need . 
   that the `` pro-business '' part of our society is pro eu while the `` anti-business-influence '' left is against it is however a provable fact . 
  that right-wing movements across europe are those calling for the end of the eu is as demonstrable . 
  in the uk , the right is happier about leaving the eu than the left are , with the left visibly concerned over the loss of environmental , labour and social protections that stem from the eu . 
  i would say , in fact , that `` pro-business '' is far too general a term . 
  there are the ` ordinary ' businesses who would n't get special treatment from their national government , and who do n't have anything to gain by the removal of environmental , labour or social legislation - those people are indeed generally pro-eu , because the single market hugely expands their opportunities and reduces their regulatory burden . 
  on the other hand , those who feel they would be `` looked after '' in a protectionist national environment , who would be in a position to get the laws of the country written more to their liking , they tend not to be . 
  in my experience , the left rarely if ever say that protective legislation is adequate and sufficient , and that there 's no need to go further or do any more . 
  there is * always * too much ` pro business influence ' , as far as the left is concerned . 
  indeed , accepting that current environmental , social or labour protection is enough removes the whole political raison d'etre of the left - any left-wing group who feels that enough has been done will naturally disappear , to be replaced by another group who feel enough has n't been done . 
  oh , i did my master 's thesis work there . 
  a rather better impression of them : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6a/dun_aonghasa-cheval_de_frise.jpg they would have broken up any kind of charge , whether mounted or not . 
  ah , doctrinaire history . 
  you are the trackable future . 
   these are all your opinions , not facts . 
  well , yes - this is politics , not physics . 
   the way i see it left wing is simply an approach ( `` we are all equal and there should be some redistribution of wealth '' ) and so is right wing ( `` we are not all equal and some form of social darwinism will make the most deserving come to the fore '' ) . 
  populism is a different axis . 
  you can have both left and right wing with or without populism . 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
  a good test is one that will show that something that quacks like a duck and walks like a duck is a deluded cat , or needs to be broken out into several particular kinds of duck . 
  the test of grillo , of course , would be power - but i think it unlikely it would show him to follow any left/right ideology . 
  populism is an ideology in itself , but it is interested only in ends , not means - the left and right are characterised by the belief that the right means will produce good outcomes in and of themselves . 
   as we say in computer science , if he walks like a duck , talks like a duck , swims like a duck - then it is a duck . 
  a belief on which many an object model has foundered . 
  they go hand in hand . 
  if you believe in economic isolationism , but lack product x , you go to war for it rather than trading for it . 
  because you * need * it , but those people over there have it , which is wrong . 
  problem is that `` right-wing '' suggests there 's an ideology . 
  populists are n't ideologues . 
  they tend to look right-wing because of the times they 're popular in and the people they 're popular with - they 're popular when people are afraid and untrusting , and the solutions they want involve reducing rights ( for people who are n't ` us ' ) , hardening borders , talking loudly and getting a bigger stick . 
  but they 'd have no problem with universal basic income , nationalisation , banning gmo , and plenty of other left-wing ideas - just not the ones that involve universal brotherhood or high levels of social trust . 
   the man job of a company is n't to deliver good services . 
  it 's to do the least amount of effort for the most money . 
  which is the antithesis of the idea behind public services , which is to provide services your country * needs * to the best possible standard at the least possible cost to your economy . 
  privatisation just moves the provision of the service off the government 's books . 
  it 's friday . 
  i wo n't take the cheap shot !, 
  and so we move to unbacked assertions ... anything that saves us from criticism . 
   but like i said it does n't have the right dynamics to project power i do n't think attali was talking in terms of power projection , though . 
  he made the point that china will not want to step into the us ' boots , but would want to make itself more prosperous . 
  come to that , the us did n't originally want to be the world 's policeman . 
  it more or less inherited the job from the uk , who are one of a very small number of countries who have ever * wanted * to do it , and perhaps the only one who ever also had the ability to do it . 
  i would already feel this , i have to say - an attack on lithuania or the czech republic would n't just be an attack on some distant country . 
   if you look at average corporate tax rates paid , it 's always significantly below that . 
  http://www.irishexaminer.com/business/france-has-lower-effective-tax-rate-than-ireland-study-227320.html sorry , but no . 
  the study supposedly showing that ( and referenced in the article ) is pwc 's `` paying taxes '' report , and the model company used in it is a purely domestic sme making ceramic flower pots . 
  the conclusion from it has absolutely no bearing whatsoever on ireland 's mnc sector , or anybody else 's either . 
  and nobody is complaining that irish flower pot makers are the problem . 
   and if the eurozone has managed to keep the greek crisis largely contained , there should n't even be rules for joining the currency . 
  being able to contain it is n't the same as being comfortable with it , i think . 
  yep . 
  ireland is extremely active at this . 
  having a trade deal is only the first step . 
  switzerland : efta norway : eea iceland : eea ukraine : eu associate serbia : eu candidate, 
   but constructive criticism is n't recognized as criticism when it comes to the eu . 
  you either want to tear it down , or are a mindless euro-fanatic . 
  that 's the rule across most of anglosphere politics , as it is in our legal sphere . 
  we have an oppositional model , not a consensus one . 
  anything less than outright opposition is taken as collusion , unfortunately . 
   no , eurosceptics have gained ground exactly because economical issues were ignored in the name of `` unity of pro-european forces '' . 
  i 'd say that more specifically the left-wing has lost ground to the right-wing populist eurosceptics because their ` pro-european ' compromise with the centre-right meant there was little left-wing criticism of the eu . 
  it 's relatively recent in the context of * eu * membership . 
  as for denying it , i do n't - on the contrary , i get a lot of flak for regularly pointing it out . 
  but it 's by no means the whole , or only story of ireland 's eu membership . 
  to be fair , until relatively recently ireland was doing no more than most other eu members in terms of offering a nice tax environment for multinationals , and until the rise of the tech multinationals the practical effects of what we do was n't so dramatic . 
  so is much of the net and social media . 
  so ... lock people up before they even commit a crime . 
  and nothing about that strikes you as maybe problematic ? 
  exactly . 
  a good road safety campaign would be a much more cost-effective way of saving lives . 
  i was saying that what seems now to be taken as a `` crisis '' would have been an average or even quiet year in the 1970s . 
  possibly european civilisation did fall apart as a result and i just did n't notice , of course . 
   terrorism has increased . 
  increased as in number of actual attacks . 
  increased in 2015 to the level of a normal year in the 1970s , from a background of next to nothing . 
   i think it 's way less likely you 'll get killed in the ireland-england region trough ira than it was sometime back heck , they do n't even blow up the tracks between northern ireland and the republic these days . 
   we are living in a ridiculously safe age which the mainstream media refuses to let us see , because fear and excitement sells papers . 
  i 'm not sure it 's just that . 
  there are large media owners with fairly visible agendas , generally right-wing . 
  and the right wing is more appealing when people are afraid . 
  create a climate of hysteria , and you push the political dialogue towards the right .
