i think the uk , the eu , and trucidator will be doing exactly what they were going to do all along . 
  tempting , but i 'll resist the obvious . 
  the ep has no power to do so , and had no involvement with the decision to run a second referendum , which was made by the only institution allowed to make such decisions , the irish oireachtas . 
  not sure where you 'd get the idea that the ep could have any say in the matter . 
  a lot of our infrastructure is still eu-funded . 
   assuming for the sake of argument that your figure is correct , that 'd be about 8 % of the gdp of slovenia . 
  not such a small amount . 
  you do n't need to assume my figures are correct - you can simply look up the net contributions of the member states . 
  take away the uk 's net contribution and divide it amongst the remaining 27 . 
  it averages out at $ 277 million per country , but slovenia would n't be asked for that - it would be divided proportionately . 
  all the other countries already pay about half of that for the uk 's rebate , so it would n't even come as a novelty , really . 
   it also means the eu gets proportionally smaller . 
  given that the brussels euro-elite rely on giant economies of scale to provide massive salaries and perks to themselves it would likely cause some consternation . 
  i doubt that , given that only something like 6 % of the eu budget goes on administration , and that includes other stuff besides salaries . 
  it might well be one of the most cost-efficient bureaucracies in the world . 
  eu officials are certainly * well * paid - i assume that 's who you mean by `` the euro-elite '' - but `` massive salaries and perks '' ? 
  compared to who exactly ? 
  salaries range from $ 32,000 at the bottom to $ 200,000 at the top - about the same as a mid-range corporate scale or the uk or ireland 's civil service pay scales , and with similar perks . 
  it 's good , but hardly `` massive '' . 
  would the bureaucracy shrink ? 
  probably a bit , but then all the current british eu officials would no longer be eligible for service , so some of that would be supplied by that natural wastage . 
  like i said , i 'm not in favour of the uk leaving ( partly because i 'm a uk national by birth , living in ireland ) , but i do n't think you should pretend to yourself that the eu will find the uk 's absence all that hard to get over . 
  aside from anything else , it looks uncannily like `` i 'll leave , and * then * they 'll all be sorry , oh yes '' . 
  not very dignified . 
  ireland will certainly find it a bit weird - i mean , we 're used to you being there , and not having another english-speaking country in the eu will definitely be a little unsettling . 
  but i suspect that the fdi advantages of being the * only * english-speaking country in the eu ( as opposed to just in the eurozone ) might well help us get over that - i see some uk companies are already sniffing around for hqs in ireland in case of a brexit . 
  whether eu immigration laws will allow us to go on letting in the british to work in those companies i do n't know - we 'll probably have to join schengen , so probably not . 
  that * would * be ironic . 
   i imagine the main reason they want us to stay is because of the massive net contributions we make to brussels each year . 
  replacing the uk 's contribution would cost each of the remaining 27 countries an extra $ 277 million annually . 
  that 's not a lot , and voting for it without the uk would be a lot easier too . 
   the embarrassment is that one of the key member states has decided its a waste of time . 
  while i 'd be sorry to see the uk leave the eu , i do n't think that anyone will find it embarrassing , given that the uk came late , and spent much of its time complaining that it was all crap and being at odds with the other member states . 
  leaving seems , if anything , quite a natural development . 
  not necessarily a sensible development or a desirable one , but a pretty natural one . 
   it actually has to go through all national parliaments and the us congress , so elected officials would have to vote on it as well . 
  you 're almost certainly correct - i assumed there might be some countries where the executive has the power to sign trade deals directly , and others where the parliament vote will be basically a rubber stamp . 
  the european side of it would have to be ratified by the european parliament ( and probably some national parliaments too ) . 
  you can contact your mep to express your opposition - there 's currently a pretty good chance it will be voted down . 
   because then there 's no one country that gets a clear advantage politically ( except ireland , but they 're small enough to not spark concerns ) . 
  is there really a `` one size fits all '' definition of what is acceptable and what is n't ? 
  is it just that other countries fall short of what the us media determine to be correct , and if so , why are they the arbiters ? 
  sure , the whole holocaust could n't have been , but the elimination of jews , gypsies etc within germany ( and austria ) could have been - or an equivalent set of actions anywhere else , for that matter . 
  i do n't think we 've ever had either end-member of the spectrum from total non-intervention to total intervention . 
  there will always be arguments for non-intervention in an interventionist world , just as there have always been arguments for intervention in a westphalian world . 
  the question is what you * aspire * to . 
  also , in another sense , the thing is that north korea * is * an isolated country . 
  it 's not part of any systems of cooperation , so no real pressure is possible outside naked force . 
  not at all , on either count . 
  the holocaust * would * have been an internal matter , as other pogroms were , or the armenian genocide . 
  and the nineteenth century was n't stable for europe - it started with the napoleonic wars and ended with the franco-prussian . 
  even if you take this at face value , restraining the inevitable giggling that results from the vision of putin as a champion of international law , would we really want a return to the nineteenth century vision of a world of aggressively independent nation-states , each ignoring entirely the internal unpleasantness of other states , and relying on a balance of force to keep a cold peace ? 
  it 's a sociopathic view of the world which , far from creating a stable international order , produced some of the most appalling conflicts in human history . 
  it suggests a world in which nazi germany , had it not attacked other countries , would have been perfectly entitled to commit the holocaust as a mere feature of its `` internal arrangements '' , of no concern or interest to any other state . 
  it 's the world-view that gave us noriega - `` a son of a bitch , but our son of a bitch '' - and most of the other excesses of south american dictatorship . 
  is that really a world to * aspire * to ? 
  a 21st century that reprises the violence and inhumanity of the 19th and early 20th centuries , but with better weaponry and ever more intrusive population control ? 
  seriously , fuck that shit . 
  it seemed a fair exchange for the stoning comment , which would have worked better if ( a ) the us had n't funded the taliban for years , ( b ) had n't remained a staunch ally of saudi arabia , which also stones women , and ( c ) had n't created the power vacuum that created is . 
  the idea that the us goes out there to stop that sort of thing is pretty naive . 
  uh-huh , patriot act . 
   although he 's mostly bet the correct way . . 
  which does n't necessarily make him expert on geopolitics . 
  also , this is a silly comment :  what is shocking is that vladimir putin 's russia has proved to be in some ways superior to the european union -- more flexible and constantly springing surprises . 
  that 's not shocking - not even surprising . 
  an aggressive dictator is * always * in a position to be more flexible and spring surprises compared to a democratic system . 
  the belief that that shows the `` superiority '' of a more aggressive and dictatorial system is the real existential threat to a peaceful democracy . 
  the us has forgotten that when you 're defending your way of life you do n't beat the enemy by becoming like them . 
  i hope that the eu will not forget that . 
  poland does n't have to be in the eu . 
  it 's a voluntary arrangement which can rescinded any time the majority in poland want . 
  in the meantime obviously you 're not required to like it , but it seems a little strange to get hot and bothered about it . 
  not only do we need doctors , we grossly over-pay them . 
  not quite as much as before , but still the best in europe : http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/doctors-here-are-paid-too-much-says-new-eu-report-28957384.html mind you , our use of statistics is poor . 
   i just think the german language is sexy as fucking hell . 
  i think you may be a truly unique snowflake . 
  way back in the eighties i was talking to some farmers in ( very ) rural donegal . 
  they 'd heard irish students could get their fees paid at uk universities , and wanted to know if it was true . 
  we said yes it was . 
  they looked pleased . 
  then a look of horror came over their faces , and they asked did that mean uk students could get their fees paid at irish universities . 
  we said it did . 
  they were horrified . 
  the chairmanship of ep committes is politically determined . 
  usually , to save on fighting , everybody votes for each other to apportion the committee chairs in proportion to the strength of each group , which produces probably the same result overall , but without the political battles that might otherwise be involved . 
  this did n't happen for efdd - instead the other major parties ( not the greens ) agreed to vote together to keep efdd out . 
  further , it appears that the latvian mep who left efdd wanted the chair of a delegation , and was told she would n't get it as a member of efdd . 
  she appears to have considers the delegation chair as more important to her than efdd membership . 
  is it undemocratic ? 
  hardly - more people voted for non-efdd representatives than voted for them , so that they were able to outvote efdd is a direct result of people 's democratic preferences . 
  is it unfair ? 
  yes - but on the other hand efdd 's political stance is based on non-cooperation with anything eu , so that finding themselves not being part of the usual rules of cooperation is hardly a surprising outcome . 
  if ukip want to be respected by the parliament , perhaps they should recall that respect is a two-way street . 
  thanks , those are interesting points . 
   personally i think the ecb is always behind the curve . 
  it always waits for things to get really bad before acting when if it had taken the same actions earlier it could have avoided the worst of them . 
  i think that 's part innate conservatism , typical of central banks ( and the ecb is maybe the central-bankiest of central banks ) , and part the necessity of ensuring that there 's political will not to have the moves challenged , the ecb being slightly more constrained in that respect . 
  actually , many of the writer 's claims are a little bit weird . 
  to claim that several years ago to be predicting the collapse of the euro was somehow to be part of a tiny prescient minority among anglo-saxon financial commentators is bizarre - the was an enormous gloating chorus line of such commentators . 
  and that `` the euro is irreversible '' is a political statement is precisely the point about it - but the writer is evidently of that anglo-saxon persuasion that believes in the inexorable force of the market , against which no mere politics can pit itself successfully .
