  nobody has had a referendum overturned . 
  possibly you do n't understand referendums , but they 're a single vote , on a single occasion , on a single issue . 
  they do not provide any form of blanket policy decision , nor do they fix anything in stone for all time . 
  the constitution was rejected in two countries in 2005 . 
  lisbon was accepted in all 27 countries in 2008-9 . 
  the former has no bearing on the latter , except in the minds of those for whom it would be convenient . 
  the truth is that eurosceptics only believe in democracy when it returns the no they want - anything else is unacceptable to them . 
  and goalpost shifting ? 
  well , you wanted ireland to vote no to lisbon because france voted no to the constitution , but insist that the point of the vote is that it 's up to each country - if it 's up to ireland , then it 's up to ireland , and nobody 's business but ours . 
  it 's certainly not the business of uk eurosceptics . 
  i find it laughable and somewhat pathetic that you believe you 're standing up for democracy when the only time you 'll accept its outcome is when it agrees with your prejudices . 
  `` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time . '', 
  anyone who reads lisbon and thinks it 's fascism is an idiot who knows nothing at all about either fascism or democracy . 
  do you genuinely believe the tripe you come out with ? 
  how , for example , is upgrading the powers of the european parliament any kind of fascism , or likely to make a democrat sick ? 
  and , further illustrating your failure to understand democracy , how is being voted through by every parliament in europe plus a referendum in ireland undemocratic ? 
  do you understand that different eu countries have different constitutional mechanisms ? 
  that many have no referendum mechanism ? 
  that the use of further referendums was ruled out in holland because they found themselves unable to ignore the results of what should have been a non-binding referendum , which infringed the principle of parliamentary supremacy ? 
  do you know * any * of these things , or does your gut do your ` thinking ' ? 
  eh , the french and dutch did n't vote on lisbon , but you 're right , this conversation is n't going to go anywhere . 
  for the record - tough shit . 
  sorry - we should have voted no second time because we did first time ? 
  idiotic , i 'm afraid , as well as undemocratic . 
  i 've changed my mind between two referendums before ( nice ) , and i 've no idea why you think you should be able to tell me not to just because you liked the first vote . 
  as to voting `` for the french and dutch '' - even sillier . 
  you 're obviously not aware that more people in europe voted * for * the constitution than voted against it . 
  you should check the figures , not that it will change your mind , but if you want to use that argument , you should at least know that it 's one where the figures are against you . 
  so solidarity , i 'm afraid , would have meant voting yes - if that was actually relevant , which it ai n't . 
  bits of it are . 
  no , really , we have no duty to vote for `` everyone else in europe '' in our national referendums . 
  if we 're supposed to vote according to how everyone else wants the outcome to be , that 's not a free vote for us , and an unfree vote is exactly what you were claiming happened , and rightly consider a bad thing . 
  either we have free votes ( and democracy ) , or we do n't - it ca n't just be ok because it might deliver the result someone wants . 
  plus , i ca n't help but notice that you think that means we should have voted no . 
  exactly who got polled to decide that ? 
  it seems to me that when you say the irish should have `` done their moral duty to other citizens '' , what you actually mean is that we should have voted no to stop something you personally disapprove of . 
  most people would be under your impression , and the parliament has n't ever had much money to change that impression because only at lisbon did they get the power to vote on the budget - so in terms of advertising their role as the natural opposition to the council they 've been reliant on funding controlled by the council . 
  and while that sounds like a criticism of the governments of the eu - ok , it is - but it 's only fair to point out that they did n't * have * to put the extra power for the parliament into lisbon . 
  the eu governments do genuinely have a commitment to democracy , but , you know , when you 're in charge of the budget for people who might stop you doing stuff you want to do , the temptation to give them only a little is going to be hella strong . 
  nah , intel was pro both times , as were the other us mncs ( and , seriously , the irish government threaten intel ? 
  i do n't think so !, 
  ) , while ryanair ( well , o'leary ) was pro both times but only bothered coming out on the second one once he 'd seen the politicians make a hames of it . 
  as for the rest of europe not getting a vote - hey , write it into * your * constitutions and stop bitching just ` cos it happens to be in ours . 
  it 's not actually true . 
  in effect , the eu is a bicameral system with the parliament as one chamber and the council as the other . 
  since lisbon , the majority of legislation has to pass both chambers , and can be amended by both chambers , so the parliament is actually fairly powerful now . 
  a good example was the parliament stopping acta , something both the commission and the council were behind . 
  the commission has only one legislative power , that of initiative , and the reason it has that is to stop politicians introducing unnecessary or nationalistic legislation . 
  once the commission has made a proposal , though , it has no power over how that legislation is then amended by either the parliament or the council . 
  in addition , the commission only generally starts the legislative process on foot of a proposal from the council or parliament . 
  we directly elect the parliament , and indirectly elect the council , while the commission only , in effect , has the power to choose not to legislate . 
  our biggest democratic problem is that we do n't exercise sufficient control over what our governments do on the council ( particularly true for ireland ) , and our second biggest problem is thinking the parliament is just there for show . 
  we should treat it as the natural point for opposition to the wishes of european governments , because that 's actually what it 's there for . 
  again , acta is a good example of this - more trivially , the parliament 's proposed recommendation of snowden for a prize when he 's effectively shown up most european governments as acting hand in glove with the nsa . 
   there were a number of big businesses which campaigned against the first time and then mysteriously campaigned for it the second time . 
  given the text had n't changed i think it 's quite clear people had some words behind the scenes . 
  and , er , which businesses were these ? 
  and what would the `` word behind the scenes '' have consisted of that would cause them to act - presumably - against their better interests ? 
   the ganley stuff was just throwing enough mud as far as i could tell , he had a far more legitimate stake in the whole thing than many of the participants . 
  nothing wrong with him campaigning , but he was the one who originally claimed to be funded by `` the donations of ordinary people '' , which was not the case , and which he got thrown back at him quite deservedly . 
  irish politics does n't need any * extra * dishonesty , after all , and i do n't think anyone would have minded if he 'd said he was funding it out of his pocket . 
  actually , i found that people just changed their minds . 
  probably the biggest thing militating * against * them doing so was many many claims by the no side that `` threats were made to businesses , money came in from outside , rules on equal time and exposure were broken '' , so if any of that did happen , it was rather clearly counter-productive . 
  as to whether it actually did - i do n't recall any `` threats made to businesses '' , the courts ruled that the various mckenna/coughlan etc rules had been observed , and the only foreign group i recall actually getting involved was ukip - on the no side , obviously , and they were probably one of the bigger positives for the yes side . 
  we still do n't know where declan ganley 's money came from in lisbon 1 , but that does n't seem to be an issue for the no people . 
  and since the effect of the claims that such things were happening was to make people reluctant to change to a yes , i have to say that if the no side * did n't * make up those claims then they were missing a huge opportunity . 
  but since they did n't miss any other opportunities to make stuff up , that does n't seem that likely . 
  it 's easy for people who do n't like the result to blame it on `` pressure '' , but every time i 've seen pressure applied in irish referendums , it has backfired . 
  because you know , at the end of the day , there 's nobody in the voting booth but you . 
  which referendum ? 
  if you mean a europe-wide one , there exists no mechanism for one . 
  if a national one , then that 's a national question , not a european one . 
  what you 're actually asking is `` what is a demos ? '', 
  - that is , what constitutes the right population to vote on a question ? 
  that 's not , in a sense , anything to do with democracy , although it 's a question that only makes sense in a democratic context . 
  as to what constitutes a demos - a demos is self-selecting , by people who feel they have sufficient in common . 
  where there are two or more demos in a single territory there is the possibility of separation . 
  where one demos is strong enough to keep the other against its wishes , you get the various separatist movements , and the means by which the stronger keep the weaker within the demos tends to reflect and be reflected by the tactics adopted by the separatists . 
  as to whether a smaller demos can be allowed to remove itself from partnership with the larger , the question is very similar to whether a divorce should be granted , but without the convenience of an established legal process . 
  if the larger demos does not mind - as in czechoslovakia - then an amicable separation is possible . 
  where the smaller demos can show ` unreasonable behaviour ' on the part of the larger , it may win sufficient international support for separation , although it may simply win pressure on the larger demos to be nicer - buy the other demos flowers on its birthday , celebrate * its * national day etc. 
  so there 's no straight answer , because there 's no established supra-national legal order as there is with other family disputes . 
  it was , in fact , a way of saying `` look , my dick is 186,000 miles long '' , and proving it by giving the moon an astronaut facial . 
  it goes back to the ecb 's shareholders , which are the member states of the eurozone , in proportion to their shareholding . 
  and the same shareholders decide on whether to take their dividend or leave it in the ecb , apart from a maximum of 20 % which the board ( composed of central banks ) can put into the central fund . 
  the governing article for this is article 33 of the ecb 's statutes :  allocation of net profits and losses of the ecb 33.1 . 
  the net profit of the ecb shall be transferred in the following order : ( a ) an amount to be determined by the governing council , which may not exceed 20 % of the net profit , shall be transferred to the general reserve fund subject to a limit equal to 100 % of the capital ; ( b ) the remaining net profit shall be distributed to the shareholders of the ecb in proportion to their paid-up shares . 
  in the event of a loss incurred by the ecb , the shortfall may be offset against the general reserve fund of the ecb and , if necessary , following a decision by the governing council , against the monetary income of the relevant financial year in proportion and up to the amounts allocated to the national central banks in accordance with article 32.5 . 
  there are national bans on candy and toys that look like tobacco products in about half the member states ( and elsewhere ) , but there is no eu ban . 
  the tobacco products directive * is * up for review , but the inclusion in it of `` candy cigarettes '' refers to sweet-flavoured real cigarettes , * not * sweets . 
  tpd : http://ec.europa.eu/health/tobacco/products/revision/ kind of classic euromyth positioning , too - just before the weekend in the summer . 
  colours indicate the european parliament affiliation of the main government party in each country . 
  the column on the left then indicates the total of council votes held by governments with a particular eu parliament affiliation , and the share of population . 
  i 'm not really sure that 's a meaningful thing to do at all , since i do n't think the governments when voting on the council have any real consideration for the affiliation of their party ( or main party in coalition ) in the parliament . 
  the uk has * always * been a police state , at least since sir francis walsingham . 
  all that has historically varied is the efficiency and resources which it puts into it , the targets of it , and the extent to which the uk 's internal security forces have been forced to wind in their necks by public outrage or political embarrassment . 
  there have always been people who were ` of interest ' to the internal security forces of the uk because they had the capacity to affect in some way the interests of the state , and people who have been of interest to the internal security forces have always been subject to rather sudden interventions in their lives if they show signs of affecting the state 's interests negatively . 
  and i 'm not just saying that because i 'm in ireland , although ireland has , historically , played a part in the uk 's internal justification of its police state . 
  what it is n't , though , is an * unfettered * police state . 
  it 's important to remember that , because it 's important to remember that a call for more effective fetters on the powers of the internal security forces is * not * pointless if enough people do it , because the consent of the governed is still necessary to the government of the uk .
