  europe , on the other hand , does n't get to walk away at all . 
  so from their perspective , allowing greece back to the markets without reforms is a losing proposition , because it just means we 'll all be here again - and next time i would imagine the imf will just say `` no thanks '' to involvement . 
  also , a debt writeoff will come from their ( our ) pockets , so a debt writeoff to allow greece to access the markets before reform is a double loss proposition . 
  greece , of the two options . 
  would probably prefer the imf way - get a writeoff , get back to the markets and sovereignty - but on the other hand , it ca n't walk away either , so once the imf leaves , greece is still sitting with the rest of europe . 
  and if it has n't reformed , then greece also knows it will be here again , probably without the imf . 
  it 's a quagmire - the only real solution for * everybody * is for greece to actually do what it agrees to do . 
  it all seems to come down to that . 
   can you source that ? 
  sure : http://blog-imfdirect.imf.org/2015/07/09/greece-past-critiques-and-the-path-forward/?hootpostid=8299b6670cea64b9daad8b21e9a85fe7  many of these reforms were either not implemented , or not implemented on a sufficient scale . 
  efforts to improve tax collection and the payment culture failed completely . 
  there was fierce resistance to open closed sectors and professions . 
  only 5 of 12 planned imf reviews under the current program were completed , and only one has been completed since mid-2013 , because of the failure to implement reforms . 
  that last sentence is very clear - greece has not passed its imf reviews because it has not undertaken the agreed reforms . 
   i would expect that the imf needs to distance itself from the previous loan programme it participated in -- the one in which it broke its own rules -- because if it does n't blame greece for how things are now , it has to blame the programme greece implemented . 
  the imf has been pretty clear before now about the fact that greece failed to implement the agreed reforms which constitute the program . 
  the only reason there 's any question over that is because as / u/halk says , people took up previous imf statements purely as a call for debt relief . 
  on the other hand , it does look as though the imf is aiming for both - debt relief and real implementation of reforms . 
  and why not ? 
  lending to an insolvent state does n't smother its economy . 
  not lending to an insolvent state , large parts of whose economy are dependent on government subsidies , is what `` smothers its economy '' . 
  nor was lending to greece by itself ever intended to fix greece . 
  what is needed to fix the greek economy is reform . 
  reforms take time . 
  in the absence of official lenders , greece has no time - it would have to either default and immediately run a budget surplus ( because it would n't be able to borrow ) , or it could immediately run a massive budget surplus sufficient to keep its debt rolling over and meet interest payments . 
  neither of those options are realistic or desirable . 
  greece needs time to fix its economy . 
  the bailout lending is there to buy greece that time . 
  and because the lenders are there to buy greece time in which to fix its economy , they are trying to ensure that greece * does * fix its economy . 
  what greece has done so far is make cuts and raise taxes to try to achieve a primary surplus - but also fail to implement reforms , engage in some creative accounting to pretend to a primary surplus that was n't there , and generally act the bollix . 
  they have * not * been fixing their economy , in the apparent hope that if they go sufficiently far down the tubes , sufficient political sympathy will be created to write off their debts rather than them reforming . 
  that 's why the program is not working , because it is * not * being implemented . 
  the principle has worked elsewhere , because elsewhere the plan has actually been carried out - it has not worked in greece , because greece has not made the needed reforms . 
  it has made cuts without reforms - a self-harming double whammy . 
   so printed media is pretty much as dead as in any other country ... 
  the devil 's advocate concedes !, 
  if the legislation does n't prevent falls in physical sales , and causes a drop in online traffic , it 's hard to see any benefit from it whatsoever . 
  even the possible advantage to recognised brands over new entrants or minor players still occurs within an overall drop in traffic caused by the legislation - the bigger players get a larger share of a smaller pie . 
  eh , the details of how things were done is different from the principle . 
  i support the principle , i 'm not claiming that the implementation has been some kind of perfection . 
   so you 're saying that eurozone politicians made the dumbest , most expensive , drawn out and politically controversial decision they possibly could ? 
  see what i was saying about voting idiots in ? 
  what were the other options ? 
  allowing greece to collapse without lifting a finger ? 
  there was no way to save greece from the full consequences of its own idiocy except by assuming the role of lenders to greece . 
  that 's an interesting question . 
  they might be accountable separately to the parliament and the council . 
  presumably into mini-commissions , which would remain entirely apolitical technocratic bodies . 
  the competition and market regulatory functions are there to ensure a level playing field , so they should n't be subject to political decision-making . 
  if i thought this had much chance of happening , i 'd buy in a lot of popcorn . 
  i 'm not sure small * newspapers * did ( i may be misreading ) . 
  what went bankrupt or left business were small online aggregators . 
  fair comment - that would be better put that you think helping greece is right . 
  i 'm not suggesting you think lending ever more money to greece is right , or that greece is being helped in the right way . 
   why did we lend to an insolvent greece , then ( which is against the tfeu ) , if literally nothing spoke in favour of it ? 
  solidarity , reputation , the fact that greece is an eu and eurozone country which did n't want to default - or at least , did n't want to bear the consequences of a default . 
  ok - devil 's advocate :  and , not surprisingly , looking at multiple different ways of measuring these things , traffic to all spanish news sites dropped after the law went into effect : the online effect is unsurprising ( to anyone apart from spanish legislators ) - but what has been the effect off-line ? 
  have newspaper sales benefited ? 
   then it 's a lot more politically acceptable to make up a story about how we need to throw some money at those morally bankrupt southerners to protect ourselves from contagion than it is to admit that your own regulators failed miserably and that you 'll need to rack up debt to bail out a bunch of reckless bankers . 
  except that it * is n't * politically easier , which is demonstrable fact . 
  germany bailed out its banks to the tune of $ 295 billion , without any major political fuss at all - you probably ca n't even recall them doing it . 
  the road to even lending money to greece in the first place was politically difficult in germany , and has become a huge political issue since - also a demonstrable fact . 
  bailing out national banks has been politically much easier than bailing out greece , and bailing out one 's banks via greece is both politically and financially extremely difficult . 
  the german public sees the sense in bailing out sachsen landesbank or hypo ( although both of those were failures of the irish regulator , not the german one ) , but it is visibly and on-the-record * not * interested in bailing out ` profligate southerners ' . 
  given the huge political backlash against doing so in germany , and the * publicity * the unpopularity of bailing out greece has been given , it 's hard to see how you can possibly believe it 's an easy option without injecting a large amount of your own prejudices . 
  i would say that you believe that germany might want to bail out its banks through greece because * you * dislike bank bailouts , so it seems to you likely that a government would try to hide them . 
  but no government * has * tried to hide them - on the contrary , they 've publicly , openly , and repeatedly stated their support for ` their ' banks . 
  bailing out banks has been done by every government when it was seen as needed , and the governments have together issued declarations and decisions supporting the banks . 
  support for greece , on the contrary , has been very difficult and contentious - but you think bailing out greece is * right * . 
  out of those two biases/prejudices , you construct a story which has germany doing what is ( to you ) wrong - bailing out its banks - and hiding it under cover of doing something ( to you ) right - bailing out greece . 
  but that 's completely at odds with * all * the facts , and is basically a fact-free moral fantasy on your part . 
  the belief that germany ( et al ) was really bailing out its own banks when it was bailing out crisis countries is a popular one in crisis countries . 
  it 's unrelated to facts , and has a simple psychological mechanism . 
  gratitude is one of the most difficult emotions for people . 
  you 're welcome to find these comments offensive . 
  because if the purpose of the bailouts was to bail out banks , it makes no sense - it would have been cheaper , quicker , more reliable , and politically more acceptable to simply bail them out directly . 
  that national governments were perfectly willing to do direct bailouts of their banks is i hope unarguable even for you - so it makes no sense at all for them to engage in such indirect actions with the intention of bailing out banks . 
  the intention of the bailouts is therefore to bail out the countries concerned , not core banks - funnily enough , this was the * stated * purpose too . 
  so it seems that you are persistently confusing who the money was borrowed from with the beneficiaries of the spending of that money . 
  banks do not `` benefit '' from repayment of their loaned capital ( they certainly suffer from its non-repayment , but that 's not the same thing ) - it is not money spent on banks . 
  it is money spent on national publics by national governments - the beneficiaries of the money are the national publics , not the banks . 
  this is simply a return to repeating your slogans instead of arguments , i 'm afraid . 
  it remains the case that greece spent the money , greece owes the money , and no other government has a mandate to pay greek debt with their citizens ' money . 
  because governments always do bail out banks - it 's a given . 
  i do n't think any informed voter could be unaware of that . 
  more broadly , governments have a mandate to do what they think is best for the country in a crisis . 
  i may or may not agree with their preferred strategy or actions , but as long what they did was what they thought was best for the country , they 're in possession of an adequate democratic mandate for their actions . 
  is a greek debt writedown covered by that mandate ? 
  not if the argument is that it 's what 's good for greece , no . 
  i have n't handed over any democratic mandate to an irish government to do what 's best for greece , and definitely not to do so to the detriment of ireland by paying greece 's debts . 
   in this context , it 's very much the same thing . 
  the greek bailouts have been bank bailouts through the back door . 
  there has never been any need for these `` bank bailouts through the back door '' , and the phrase is frankly just hot air . 
  the claim involves you simultaneously believing that eu governments were prepared to put $ 5 trillion towards bank bailouts through the front door , but mysteriously decided to finance a fraction of that figure via the extremely unpopular and unreliable method of lending it to a succession of uncooperative and unstable greek governments . 
   total state support approved for the eu financial sector as of 2014 was more than $ 5 trillion ( 40 % of eurozone gdp , by the way ) . 
  we 've gotten back less than 10 % and we 've been asked to vote on exactly $ 0 . 
  the definition of support there covers guarantees , which are different from spending , and which constitute 85-90 % of that figure . 
  bank rescues and sovereign writedowns are two different things . 
  bank rescues by the state , being national , have a benefit for the citizen of the state - whether it was done right is a domestic policy issue . 
  the national government in return assumes control over the banks .
