  how in the name of basic arithmetic does the ability of one side to pick 1 of 3 arbitrators , have the other side pick another 1 of 3 , and the third chosen by mutual consent , equal `` stacked '' ? 
  your biases are very much on show , i think . 
   nations have a system of checks and balances for courts , and there are legal safeguards to ensure both people and groups have equal rights . 
  often consisting of the nation signing up to international treaties guaranteeing those rights , which should be unnecessary in your view . 
  by and large , though , no country grants rights to companies . 
   isds is crafted so companies can circumvent the entire legal system , and grants them a huge advantage , in that cases are heard outside the court system . 
  it 's so that the massive advantage that states have within their borders - controlling the national legal system - is offset by the use of an arbitration system the government does n't control . 
  all that does is make the playing field level in this one respect . 
   isds is simply another way for ultra rich corporation to rob nations it provably has n't been . 
  nations lose multiples of what isds has cost in 50 years through tax competition every year . 
   thats the whole problem with isds , it grants special privliges to corporations . 
  the ability to have your cases heard outside the legal system , by different rules . 
  arbitration is a pretty normal commercial method of dispute resolution . 
   considering states have to pay legal bills even if they win . 
  settlements can be cheaper no , costs can be awarded against either party . 
   they could take it to the same courts everyone else in our society relies on well , no . 
  the problem in foreign-investor/state disputes is that the state controls the national courts . 
  not in terms of telling judges what to do , but in terms of setting the laws that the courts apply . 
  a government can legalise its theft of a companies assets by passing a law that says the theft is legal . 
  the company can not have recourse to the national courts , because the national courts can only apply the law of the state , and the law of the state says the theft is legal . 
  it 's like you playing a game of chess where i makes the rules as i go along . 
  if i want to take your queen with my pawn by moving it like a knight , i just say that it 's legal for me to do so . 
  if i do n't want your knight to be able to jump pieces , i just declare that it ca n't . 
  why would you play such a game ? 
  the answer is that you would n't , unless you had some kind of guarantee that my rule changes wo n't be completely arbitrary , some third party you could appeal to who would say whether they were . 
  so no , foreign investors ca n't rely on national courts to protect them against arbitrary government . 
   that 's disingenuous , a dismissal in court and isds are not even remotely comperable . 
  arbitration and courts are n't the same thing either - it does n't seem to stop people saying that companies can pick `` judges '' and `` sue '' , even though neither of those are actually the case . 
   and the 25 % win rate is outright false as it does not include the roughly 33 % of cases that end in a settlement . 
  bringing the win rate of companies up to 58 % a settlement is agreed between the two parties . 
  representing it as a win for either side is therefore what 's outright false . 
  i did n't do it , but it seems you have no such qualms . 
  i guess that your logic is that if isds was n't there , the company could n't have taken a case - but if the government had n't done something to the company , the company could n't have taken a case . 
  the former simply hides the latter . 
   it does when the plaintiff helps pick the judges and cases ca n't be dismissd cases can be dismissed , and the win stats for isds are 37 % for the governments and 25 % for the companies . 
  clearly the ability to help pick arbitrators ( not judges ) is n't some kind of slam-dunk for companies . 
   they are suing australia , uruguay and norway for putting health warnings on cigarettes ... something we have in our country for a long time already . 
  this shit is pure evil . 
  and there 's little chance they will be successful . 
  anyone can sue once there 's a court - it means nothing that someone sues , the question is whether they win . 
  they have n't , and they 're not expected to , because health warnings have scientific backing and are there for a damn good public policy reason . 
  in amongst the dull stuff about how ttip will eat everyone 's babies , i thought it might be worth mentioning the really exciting things that are really happening in ttip :  the trade policy committee ( tpc ) , made up of member state representatives , has given the european commission a green light to go ahead with the second exchange of tariff offers in the transatlantic trade and investment partnership ( ttip ) talks with the us . 
   following intensive technical discussions , the trade representatives backed , on 13 october , the commission 's proposal to upgrade from 96 % to 97 % the eu 's offer on full abolition of tariff lines at the entry into force of the agreement . 
   the commission expects the us to come up with an equally ambitious offer , proposing an abolition of 97 % of all tariff lines . 
  back in february 2014 , the us was ready to fully liberalise only 89 % of its tariff lines . 
   the adjustment of the eu offer will inter alia result in a shift of 2 % of agricultural and industrial tariff lines , according to sources . 
  under the new offer , they will be subject to progressive liberalisation , providing for 5 , 7 and 10 year-long transitional periods , eu trade insights has learned . 
   according to eu sources , the offers will be exchanged shortly before the next ttip negotiating round on 19-23 october in miami , florida . 
  a * second * exchange of tariff offers !, 
  is that not * exciting * ? 
   essentially , you 've set up a system where you gain a little and everyone else loses big time . 
  exactly so . 
  and if everyone else could agree to eliminate this kind of competition , that would be the end of our free ride - but they wo n't , because they want to do it themselves . 
   if you watch newsreels from 30 years ago it looks like something out a soviet satellite state . 
  particularly the official state paddy 's day parade , with its grim looking floats from agricultural cooperatives . 
   i 'm not entirely sure if you were sarcastic or not here . 
  in case you were , i have a question . 
  after all these years of `` corporate loopholes '' , has n't any of that money trickled down to regular citizens ? 
  surely by now the quality of life and overall education in ireland has increased ( everything i read about ireland seems to say so , at least ) . 
  quality of life and education in ireland is in fact very good , and has been for years - plus we 're now a good deal richer as well . 
  the outcome , from our point of view , is fine - we charge multinationals a fraction of what they ` ought ' to pay , but it 's a lot of money still for a small economy ( and there 's the incomes , and the income tax , from the jobs they support ) . 
  the sarcasm is really only about the claim that the real reason multinationals are here is n't our tax loopholes . 
  the article is a little confused/confusing :  dublin -- the irish government , long criticized by other european countries and the united states for its friendly tax treatment of multinational giants like apple and google , on tuesday announced a move that seemed likely to further incense its critics . 
   ireland , whose corporate tax rate of 12.5 percent is already one of the lowest in the developed world , said it would cut that rate in half for a new tax category -- one covering revenue pegged to companies ' patents and other intellectual property . 
  while we in ireland like to pretend that the problem other countries have with us is our low corporate tax rate , it 's not really that - we do n't have the lowest rate in the eu ( at least , we did n't ) . 
  the problem has been that as well as having a low headline rate , we have traditionally also had some marvellous complex loopholes like the ` double irish ' , which meant that multinationals did n't even pay our low headline rate - instead , company profits booked in ireland could be passed on without irish taxation to the multinationals ' * technically * irish companies based in countries like bermuda , generally as intellectual property licensing fees . 
  we have agreed to phase these out following rather a lot of pressure from everyone else . 
  this new lower corporate tax rate looks like a way of at least partially replacing the advantage offered by the phased-out loopholes . 
  not that we really need to , because multinationals are really in ireland for our educated workforce and quality of life . 
  ho yes . 
  it 's a pity , really , that intra-eu tax competition means that companies making billions do n't pay corresponding taxes . 
  but without offering tax advantages , why would anyone set up in ireland at all ? 
  true - it just perennially does n't meet the euro entry criteria . 
   i think his words were just slightly misinterpreted , it would be basically impossible to ban encyption without seriously harming every single internet based business . 
  i do n't think that 's a good guide to whether cameron would do it or not . 
  after all , his psychoactive substances bill is sufficiently wide that church groups are asking for an exemption for incense . 
   sure i did . 
  one the first look it looks great but if you look a bit closer you will notice these studies can \u00b4 t really hold what they promise . 
  actually they don \u00b4 t promise that much anyway if you read them carefully as this right wing german newspaper did . 
  that 's not all that impressive - it basically means that if you choose a different economic model you get different results . 
  the only negative study - by capaldo for bertelsmann - uses a different model from the others . 
  the problem is that the model capaldo uses is a particularly poor one for studying trade effects : http://ecipe.org/blog/capaldo-fails-to-convince/, 
   while in theory the invalidation of safe harbor is a great win for everybody 's right to privacy , in practice it wo n't change much . 
  everybody -- as a user -- has to show the tech companies of the world that they care about privacy . 
  and we know that 's not going to happen . 
  from the same article :  many companies state that they are not affected by the safe harbor ruling . 
  usually , the customer has to agree to the company 's privacy statement to be able to use their service . 
  by doing so people give up the privacy rights they would be entitled to by law . 
  exactly . 
  that 's how much most people really care about privacy - they 're happy to click-sign an agreement that gives it up to a company they know virtually nothing about beyond the brand name . 
   a quick anecdote loosely related to greece and their debt : i had to arbitrage some assets in 2005-2006 and found myself at my bank in paris discussing options . 
  i had the choice between bonds for `` safe established core eu debt '' that were clocking at around 3 % or `` safe newer southern/eastern eu debt '' at 5 % . 
  when asking the financial adviser `` what 's the risk difference '' , he told me `` well , if anything happens with the emerging eu , the richer countries will come to the rescue . 
  therefore you basically buying high quality bonds with a return of emerging bonds . 
  interesting - it 's always been my view that this was how the markets thought about the eurozone . 
  when things went tits-up , they did their best to try to make it stick , too . 
   this shows that the markets had absolutely no problem with getting the `` rewards '' side of the risk/rewards equation . 
  now there has been a haircut , but the eu citizen are now saddled with other people 's risks but will never see the rewards . 
  the private sector bondholders in greece took a haircut of about $ 100bn ( about 50 % of face value , if i recall correctly ) - so the debt that eu taxpayers took on is n't mostly private debt , but the public debt of the greek government . 
  i 'm not sure a haircut of 50 % qualifies as getting the `` rewards side '' , although i 'd agree they certainly believed that it would work out that way .
