  on the other hand , i would consider it an era of materialism , and one of increasingly inexcusable hypocrisy - we know that the simple solutions and established-order-supporting nostrums of most politicians are entirely unfit for purpose , and so , if they were intellectually honest , would they . 
  and politicians pay attention to companies and business lobbies , not because they give them envelopes full of cash , but because they are the providers of the perpetual economic growth which has become the material substitute for fairer societies . 
   as it was with the net neutrality debate in america . 
  as opposed to acta , a secretly negotiated agreement shot down by the people 's representatives in the european parliament . 
   you 're not taxing them based on spending as a proportion of income , you 're taxing them based on absolute spending . 
  my bad !, 
  misread what you said . 
   if you 'd prefer something simpler , you can have a vat -- that 's not a progressive tax , but you can distribute the revenue gained from it progressively ( e.g. 
  give tax credits to people who do n't spend much ) . 
  we already have that , though . 
  no worries - but it does mean you missed my pithy summary , which makes me slightly sad !, 
   boom : low to no taxes for people who could n't spend much , higher taxes for people who spent a lot . 
  should n't that be the other way round ? 
  the poor spend all their income , the rich spend only a fraction of theirs . 
  what you 'd tax to make it progressive is the size of the gap between income and spending - which is an even more complex way of doing income tax , one that would require people to run personal accounts the way companies have to !, 
  and the tax office to check those accounts , force auditing on people , chase defaulters ... plus of course , of two poor families , it penalises the one trying to save . 
  i 'm pretty sure i mentioned both consumption and wealth taxes :  and wealth taxes , which fall most heavily on those best able to afford them and avoid them . 
   yes , of course . 
  there are plenty of sources online and a lot of ink spilled on it . 
  there are , but they all cite the same `` explosion in cases '' uncritically ( nor is the data cited relevant to nafta ) , and in none of them is the claim of `` regulatory chill '' substantiated - it is simply assumed as a logical outcome , then claimed as a real one . 
  first , the rise in isds cases . 
  this gets cited as if corporate lawyers were becoming ever more keen and able to exploit isds , but nobody who makes that claim seems to bother to check a simple and very relevant fact - has the number of free trade agreements been on the rise too ? 
  and the answer is of course , yes . 
  that 's why isds cases have been rising , because since the failure of the doha round of wto multilateral trade talks , the world has turned to bilateral free trade agreements , which include ( almost invariably ) isds mechanisms . 
  here 's the number of isds cases shown together with the number of free trade agreements : http://i63.tinypic.com/oqbt35.png the rise in isds cases follows faithfully the rise in ftas , which is hardly surprising . 
  more isds mechanisms = more isds cases . 
  second , regulatory chill . 
  as said , this gets cited as a ` logical outcome ' of isds - we * believe * it should happen - and then everyone simply assumes that it does happen . 
  i have not , however , been able to find any evidence for it whatsoever beyond the anecdotal . 
   i want companies to have the same mechanism of remedy , and the same freedom of action , we all enjoy - that which is set by law and bound by regulation , and not the extraordinary power to circumvent that law or indeed set the regulation that best suits them . 
  it seems to me you choose to read into my stance the bias you already have . 
  the reason that ordinary remedies in law can be inadequate is precisely the reason that isds mechanisms exist - governments make laws . 
  a government can therefore make whatever it does legal ( * pace * any constitutional bars , none of which tend to cover companies ) , thereby effectively barring an injured party from remedy . 
  there are a lot of human rights conventions which seek to prevent this happening to individuals , but there are n't for companies . 
  so , say a government decides to offer a special deal to a company in order to get it to invest in a poor region - permits , tax , assistance , whatever . 
  the company agrees , and a deal is struck for , say , a ten-year period . 
  the government legalises whatever needs legalising to effect the deal , the company invests the money in the poor region on the basis of the deal . 
  then the government changes , and the new government rescinds the legislation that underpins the deal . 
  the company can not sustain the investment without the deal , and can choose to lose money keeping its end despite the government not doing so , or it can withdraw , losing the investment . 
  what remedy does the company have in this situation ? 
  the new legal situation is the new legal situation . 
  the company can go to national courts , saying it was diddled by the government . 
  the court looks at the new legal situation , and can sympathise all it likes , but the government has changed the law , and the new law is what the court has to apply . 
  what remedy do you believe the company has , or do you believe it should have any remedy there at all ? 
  should it just be a case of `` investor beware '' ? 
  because that 's what it is without isds . 
  and where you find isds is in treaties intended to * encourage * foreign investment , because investors prefer a situation where they have a possible remedy for arbitrary and damaging action by government over one where they do n't . 
  in the case example , by the way , the company would have no case if the change of law were necessary for the public good ( say it 's an asbestos mine or a tobacco company ) , no case if the company could in fact sustain the investment without the deal , no case if the company did not suffer damages as a result , and would have to prove both that the government by its actions and communications created a reasonable expectation that the deal would persist , and that the government could legally create such an expectation . 
  you can find all those factors under examination in the micula isds case in romania . 
   that is probably the case . 
  so we should entrust our lawmaking to corporations , that is the solution ? 
  clearly not . 
  the suggestion is ridiculous , and i have n't made it . 
   or should we go the other way and try to educate the public and sanitize politics by regulating pr and eliminating lobbying and corruption instead ? 
  i believe the latter , and the only way to do that is through transparency . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm even arguing this point , to be entirely honest with you . 
  when you find you ca n't believe you have to argue something , you should first and foremost revisit the things you regard as self-evident , because quite possibly they 're not . 
  in this case , for example , you clearly believe you qualify as ` educated ' with regard to ttip ( i 'm not being sarcastic here , you obviously are ) , yet you 've cited two major points - the rise in isds cases , and the accompanying claim of regulatory chill - as if both their existence * and * their commonly claimed explanations are evidently true , when in fact they 're extremely tendentious . 
  so who should do the ` educating ' of the public - you or i ? 
  transparency is something i 'm completely in favour of ( for example , i work on open data initiatives , and have created both a speaking/voting record site for my country 's parliament and a searchable and annotated version of the lisbon treaty ) , but it 's irrelevant in * negotiations * - not just irrelevant , even , but counter-productive . 
  transparency comes in when the negotiations are concluded - the end result is visible to everyone , represents what the negotiators believe is the best possible deal they can get for their side , and can be rejected if it is not considered adequate . 
  i appreciate that * you * want a spoke in the negotiations , but so does everyone else , and no negotiation on that basis can offer the best deal - and everyone is only pleading their own special case , according to their abilities . 
  that 's not democracy , it 's lobbying , and the arguments about ` transparency ' in the ttip debate have basically * been * a form of lobbying - shouting loudly that one is n't getting enough say , in the hopes of getting more say , against and over other people 's say . 
   in nafta , the waiving of the ( much-necessary , in my opinion ) requirement that investor companies exhaust local remedies before filing an isd claim has led to an explosion of such claims in the last 20 years to the extent that rates of regulatory measures have substantially slowed for fear of legal reprisal , and that is a well-documented fact . 
  is it ? 
  would you be able to point to such documentation ? 
   if the right of reciprocity were granted to states so they bring forward claims against companies under the same isd stipulations for unfair practices er , states have as many rights to do such things as they care to grant themselves , without needing to go anywhere near isds proceedings . 
  how is it that people think this is not the case ? 
   if the proceedings were as transparent as any other legal case ( which it frequently is n't seeing that isds have extra confidentiality requirements i do n't think it 's much more secret , if at all , than any commercial court . 
  there seems to be a popular myth that no details are available for isds cases , which is n't true at all . 
   i do n't hold much hope for the ttip either given its general secrecy since ttip is * much * more transparent than any trade deal to date , that seems a little unfair . 
   if the arbitration authority was a newly-formed why newly formed ? 
  there are some highly respected bodies doing regular isds tribunals . 
   representative body from all parties to the treaty that wo n't wash . isds is a mechanism to allow companies remedy where they have n't been treated fairly by states . 
  allowing the states to form the tribunal panels makes nonsense of that . 
   then i would view it in a much more favorable light . 
  i ca n't help but feel all of this amounts to really basically not wanting to allow companies any mechanism of remedy when they 're diddled by states , since essentially you 're saying that you 'd only `` look more favourably '' on any such mechanism as long as it was stacked good and hard against the companies . 
   being presented with a final package to vote on at the end is not a good option for exactly those reasons , and also because i wo n't get to vote on it , but a body of people who are regularly influenced by lobbying or are outright corrupt . 
  well , i admit i would n't say no to a referendum on ttip , but that 's largely because i enjoy referendums , the more complex the topic the better . 
  however , it 's not something i 'd consider necessary . 
  as to whether `` the people '' are a better judge of such matters - to be honest , having been through several referendums in recent years , i 'd have to say that they 're absolutely not . 
  they 're actually far more open to being swayed by pr and lobbying than political bodies . 
   a yes/no vote is n't good enough , and transparency is a necessary component of the democracy this treaty claims to serve . 
  eh , fine words butter no parsnips . 
  negotiation is n't a democratic process , and never has been . 
  it 's a technical process , and it 's best done without crowds of people shouting their demands at the negotiators from the sidelines . 
  negotiation under such conditions yields failure after failure , and post-negotiation amendments are simply continued negotiation . 
  concerns about ttip can be expressed in the usual democratic way to representatives . 
  those representatives , in turn , * will * be voting on ttip , so concerns that they or their constituents have about the treaty do have to be taken on board by the negotiators as they proceed , since a yes/no vote is perfectly capable of returning a no . 
   what this means is , that us corporations would be able to bypass domestic courts and challenge health policy decisions before ad hoc arbitration tribunals , and to sue countries for hundreds of millions of dollars in `` damages '' as a result of future policy changes that might affect their bottom line . 
  no , it actually does n't , although that claim is regularly made . 
  isds does n't simply let companies sue on that basis . 
  to have a case , they need to be challenging a decision ( a ) made on purely political grounds ; ( b ) which impacts * reasonable * expectations and ( c ) where they suffer actual losses as a result . 
  a review of isds case outcomes shows this . 
  it means that if policy changes are made for the public good ( or on the basis of other legal requirements ) companies wo n't win cases on foot of those policy changes . 
  if the company does n't have `` reasonable expectations '' of policy not changing they wo n't win a case - usually that means they need to show an actual agreement with the government based on policy not changing . 
  if the company does n't suffer actual losses they wo n't win a case - so they need to show that on the basis of their provably reasonable expectations they spent money they otherwise would n't have . 
  when you look at the cases that have been successful for companies they show those features . 
  people do regularly cite cases like philip morris ' case against plain tobacco packaging , but those cases have * not * been won by the companies , and have little chance of being . 
   the problem being that corporations do n't play by the rules , because they have other avenues of influencing the content of this treaty .
