   i tried to interprete it differently , but there really is no way around it : you want that governments should submit legislation to isds councils for approval before it becomes law , effectively . 
  what ? 
  no , that 's complete rubbish . 
  at no point have i said anything remotely similar to that , nor am i ever likely to . 
  not merely because it is n't something i would n't see as a good idea , but because there is no way for it to actually happen . 
  isds panels are formed when needed for a case , on the basis of a choice of arbitrators - one by each party , one by mutual consent . 
  the panel exists solely for that arbitration . 
  there is , therefore , no such thing as an `` isds council '' without a case , and nowhere for legislation to be submitted to . 
  and isds cases ca n't be taken before legislation becomes law . 
  do you know even the very * basics * of isds ? 
   norway for instance wo n't instantly pass new legislation . 
  unless 2011-2017 counts as `` a few months '' norway is putting the legislation to the parliament this month , having started with a consultation late last year . 
  that 's a perfectly normal legislative timeframe . 
  nz et al did delay for a few months , but not longer - philip morris only brought their case late last year , so the idea that pmi somehow held them up for years is patent nonsense . 
   you 're full of shit pff . 
  you ca n't get facts right , are n't interested in doing so , argue a case on the basis of playground language tricks , and you think someone else is full of it ? 
  get yer bum wiped , ffs , the smell is terrible . 
   as far as i 'm aware eu membership does not limit ireland 's right to sign bilateral movement deals with the uk anyway ( like the common travel zone ) . 
  the cta , oddly enough , is not a treaty or any form of formal agreement . 
  it 's strictly speaking just a policy . 
   british people greatly outnumber the irish though so it 's not exactly a fair comparison . 
  not sure about that . 
  the impact on our system by jobless british is also relatively larger because there are fewer of us than them . 
  so even if you say `` well , it 's the same percentage of each country 's population '' you still have the fact that the resources they draw upon are only in proportion to the host country 's system - and it 's the impact the `` take control '' heads are on about . 
   by your logic the only detention of a legal chill is if a law never gets passed , ever . 
  because if it passes at some point in time it was merely delayed and therefore not a regulatory chill nearly . 
  i 'd certainly accept it if the government abandoned the idea of a piece of legislation and then resurrected it later as the original having been abandoned , because that would actually fit the definitions in the literature . 
  but , again , that 's not the case with any of these , and , again , the definitions in the literature do n't cover delay , unless we play some very silly games with language . 
   time and society moves forward . 
  temporarily blocking something is the best you can hope for . 
  if you could prevent a country from passing a law for 10 or 50 years you successfully prevented those laws for those years . 
  i 'd also accept those sort of timeframes as the same as preventing something , but we do n't have those timeframes . 
  we 've got a few months , well within the ordinary slippage of legislation . 
   which you yourself admitted is false when you said   and this definition of what ` chilling ' means s :    the baseline thereby becomes the original ( proposed ) measure ( s ) ; if a government abandons , significantly alters , or fails to enforce the measure ( s ) then this represents a decline in the dependent variable . 
   which really contradicts your statement that the only definition of a legal chill is legislation being blocked . 
  if that were my definition , which it is n't . 
  you 've quoted my definition yourself when you were trying to wriggle off in a different direction - legislation not happening . 
  `` not happening '' certainly includes being blocked , but equally certainly is n't limited to it . 
   and if someone delays the cops by five minutes that can be the difference between catching someone in the act and arriving to late to stop anything . 
  in which case they are preventing the cops from reaching the scene * while the crime is happening * - an event with a restricted duration , with absolutely sod-all relevance to legislation . 
  if the opportunity to pass legislation only occurred for a short period once every government , then i would accept that delaying it so that it could n't hit that window was the same as killing it . 
  but that 's not even remotely what happens . 
  if isds delays a piece of legislation by a couple of months , then the legislation simply happens a couple of months later , that 's all . 
  it still happens . 
  in 3 hours i go from :  the `` chilling effect '' is legislation not happening to :  the `` chilling effect '' is legislation not happening what the three hours have been about is you trying to claim that delaying legislation is the same as preventing it . 
  oh , no , hold on , i see what you 're saying here . 
  you 're claiming that when i say `` not happening '' , that includes `` delay '' because while something is delayed , it is `` not happening '' !, 
  so if someone says they 've `` prevented a crime from happening '' , that would include delaying it by five minutes but not actually stopping it . 
  because , you know , when something is n't happening , it is n't happening . 
  as long as we pick the right timeframe , we can say `` it has n't happened '' . 
  sure , most people would add `` yet '' , or `` by time x '' , or similar , but for you , that 's unnecessary - you just kind of mentally add it in and hey presto !, 
  it means the same thing . 
  so ... the article consisted of two things : * uk has 600,000 `` benefits tourists '' * eu commission says this is ok and the retraction , very much smaller , says : * actually , there 's no evidence for there being 600,000 `` benefits tourists '' in the uk * actually , the eu commission did n't say that at this stage , they could create a paradox by running a front page headline `` we 're lying to you '' . 
   delaying legislation for several years fall under this umbrella definition . 
  i do n't want to be rude here , but it 's quite difficult to avoid it at this stage . 
  you repeatedly cite definitions and points that contain no mention whatsoever of delay , from contexts that equally do n't include it , and claim they do . 
  as i said , the only reason i can see for you continuing to do this is because you have decided that `` failure to enact '' * includes * delaying enactment , because you think it should , and for no other reason . 
  that 's not an argument . 
  it 's a pig-headed insistence that you get to define what other people mean , even though none of them even remotely allude to the meaning you claim for them . 
  it 's complete nonsense . 
  if a mere delay in regulation were covered in the definitions the authors you cite were so careful to be clear about , it would be mentioned . 
  it is n't mentioned - not at all . 
  the authors go `` well , let 's be very clear about what 's actually meant by this phrase - here 's a careful and meaningful definition '' , and you go `` well , they mean something they did n't include in the definition , clearly ! '' . 
  you are imputing a meaning to other peoples ' words that is not demonstrable anywhere , and insisting you 're correct . 
  i do n't think you understand how ridiculous that is , but that 's not really my problem , and not exactly a surprise . 
   walls do n't type 1408 words as reply . 
  walls do ignore replies though . 
  indeed , and a wall can easily have 1408 words written on it without them being a reply to anything . 
  i appreciate you writing so much , but would appreciate it more if it was in reply to what i actually say , rather than what would be convenient for you for me to have said . 
  the article does say that , to be fair . 
   even if it does n't overtly say `` chilling effect includes delays '' this is included in the definitions . 
  no , it ai n't , unless you choose to put it there . 
  what is this , a reading & comprehension 101 failure ? 
  i mean , read it again . 
  where in there does the concept of ` delay ' get so much as a nod ? 
  is it just that you 've decided `` chilling effect '' includes `` delay '' , and therefore any definition which includes `` chilling '' will do ? 
  are we really at that level of shite ? 
   and none of this changes the fact that merely an hour ago you claimed . 
    no , because the `` chilling effect '' is legislation not happening   and now you are happy to lean on another definition because you think it contradicts me . 
  no , i 'm happy to cite it because i asked * you * to cite something supporting * your * claim that `` chilling effect '' includes delay of legislation . 
  * you * cited a paper that included a definition , presumably in support of * your * claim , but oh dear , it does n't actually include delay as part of the chilling effect . 
  to put that another way , i said i was happy to use whatever sourced definition you provided , to give you a fair go , and you 've failed even on that basis . 
  twice , even , since the dictionary definition you quoted does n't include delay either . 
  it 's a bit sad that you also have to whinge about it , as if by using your chosen definitions i was somehow being unfair . 
  so , have another go - provide some serious view that `` chilling effect '' includes delay of legislation . 
  this time , i suggest that you actually read what you choose to cite , because i do . 
   you 're thoughts sober are more scattered than most people can ever hope to achieve on even the most powerful drugs . 
   besides the fact that i just quoted the dictionary and it totally contradicts you no , it does n't contradict me , and nor does the paper you cite . 
  both refer to legislation not happening , not being delayed . 
  the paper you link does n't even mention delay . 
  it does , on the other hand , contain this definition of what is to be considered as open to being chilled :  in order to define more precisely this form of regulatory chill , we can formulate it as a hypothesis . 
  this requires identifying several key variables . 
  the following description of the dependent variable is proposed : ** the enactment and/or enforcement of bona fide regulatory measures ** . 
  and this definition of what ` chilling ' means :  the baseline thereby becomes the original ( proposed ) measure ( s ) ; ** if a government abandons , significantly alters , or fails to enforce the measure ( s ) ** then this represents a decline in the dependent variable . 
  feel free to cite any such case . 
  just to make the point again - the definition of chill in the paper * you * chose to cite as backing your case that it includes delay not only does n't mention delay , but contains a definition of chill which does n't include it . 
  do you want to stop now , or will you keep digging ? 
  i 'm betting on the latter , just fyi . 
  not sure whether anyone gets quite that much , but yes , they 'd be comparable :  even after cuts to pay and pensions in recent years , public expenditure minister brendan howlin admitted that up to 35 retired civil servants are getting over $ 100,000 per annum . 
  in a parliamentary reply to kerry fine gael td brendan griffin , mr howlin outlined the figures .
