   the whole point is that all these taxes that are generated in the eu are claimed in ireland at a discount rate even lower than the official tax rate . 
  the ` rate ' stated by the commission and repeated in the media was the ` effective rate ' . 
  essentially , apple paid ireland 's 12.5 % on only a very small part of the earnings it booked here - so small a part that the effective rate on all its irish-booked earnings was a fraction of a percent . 
   those `` deals '' are being wrapped up anyway , domestic politics means this kind of behaviour is very difficult . 
  personally , i find the domestic support for some kind of ` special ' deal for multinationals to be both widespread and strong . 
  it 's primarily international pressure that has produced movement , and even that movement has to a fair extent consisted of rebranding the old deals . 
  noticed this just the other day . 
  had been looking something up about libertarianism , then separately went searching for articles on a particular piece of economics , and the search results were heavily skewed towards libertarian views . 
  google are n't trying to push libertarianism , though - they 're just trying to serve me pages they think will interest me . 
  the result , though , is to gently herd me in a particular direction . 
   i 'm quite sure that for all 28 eu members to agree on signing it , it must not be as crap a deal as many make it out to be . 
  almost as if everything * was n't * an evil plot against the ordinary citizen ... ? 
  ca n't imagine how you come to that mad idea . 
   it does n't look like that to the public opinion , but the preamble is n't legally binding . 
  it is mostly declarative . 
  i would n't be surprised if guarentees given to wallonia end up in the preamble to ceta ... 
  even a preamble has legal weight , though . 
  preambles are taken into account in interpretation . 
   it is a weird tiered system in which nobody will care about the priorities of europe - the only priorities are national . 
  i do n't think that 's true , and i do n't think it has been historically true . 
  national priorities can certainly trump european ones , but were it the rule rather than the exception , there could be no eu . 
   be wary of the fact that those kinds of guarantees are often stated legally , but are not necessarily legally binding those are ` political ' guarantees rather than being added to a treaty as protocols . 
  the irish guarantees were mostly added as protocols . 
   it 's similar to the european parliament , where voter turnout just is n't good enough i once did an analysis of the ep voter turnout , on foot of all the articles repeating the claim that voter turnout was declining . 
  what i found was that the all-eu * average * voter turnout did decline , but that the average effect was mostly caused by the accession of eastern european countries with very low voter turnouts . 
  there were falls in the eu-15 between 1979 and 1999 ( 66 % to 52.62 % ) , but the average turnout for the eu-15 has been stable since ( 52.62 % , 52.9 % , 52.49 % and 52.41 % in 1999 , 2004 , 2009 and 2014 respectively ) . 
  the decline is also matched by the decline in national elections . 
  the accession countries have a very much lower turnout - 28.12 % in 2014 , down from 31.19 % in 2004 - and it 's the addition of those that bring the average down . 
   which part of the eu is it that lacks democratic oversight ? 
  as a general rule , it 's the council . 
  yes , they 're the representatives of elected governments , but in many eu countries the situation is that their actions in the council are subject to the levels of oversight designed for foreign policy , which tend to be much lighter than those for domestic policy . 
  insofar as the eu is a body separate from the government , that makes legal sense , but because the eu 's legislation regularly affects domestic policy , it does n't make democratic sense . 
  that gap is the reason governments are able to make domestic policy choices which they can then blame on the eu , just as they can blame concessions in a foreign policy area on the ` intransigence ' and ` hostility ' of a foreign government . 
  the remedy lies , however , not with the eu , but with the national parliaments , which need to exert themselves to subject their executives to appropriate levels of oversight . 
   according to the news here ( belgium ) there was nothing changed about the deal but they made some guarentees to prevent what they were worrying about . 
  ( kinda confusing ) traditional , really - ireland got guarantees about our public worries at lisbon . 
  no actual changes involved to the main body , just riders that say such and such a bit of the treaty did n't mean this or that . 
  easy enough , often , since the bit of the treaty did n't usually mean that anyway , so stating legally that it did n't was n't much of a headache . 
   if i ask you how much tax you pay do you start with the money you hand over then take away money for every time you went to the doctors or drove on a road ? 
   as a gross figure # 350m is unarguably correct . 
  if your tax was assessed at # 18k , but you had an automatic rebate of # 5k , then a claim that you `` paid # 18k in tax '' would be highly misleading . 
  that 's the situation with the uk , whose eu budget `` assessment '' is # 18bn , but which receives an automatic reduction of # 5k . 
  the # 350m/week figure is based on the # 18bn figure , and is not correct even as a gross figure . 
  sure . 
  not none , but not exactly an impressive list - and one to which we can add the eu 's existing trade agreements . 
  most of these are also ` old-fashioned ' ftas primarily dealing with physical goods and not providing for any free movement . 
   this is hardly the first trade deal the eu fails to close in recent years - in fact , it fits the pattern . 
  the deal with india failed , the deal with australia failed , the deal with the us failed , etc. 
  what large modern trade deals have succeeded , though ? 
  the whole reason for these big bilateral deals is that the wto negotiations have been stalled for 15 going on 16 years now . 
  i can see how this is going to play out for eurosceptics - even though their central and consistent claim is that the eu has all the power and the nations none , this will be an example of how the eu can not work because even a regional government can halt an all-eu deal . 
  cognitive dissonance at its finest - or evidence that euroscepticism is n't really about what it says it 's about . 
   so i hope you are a developer with no influence on the business side , because you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  well , i guess that 's an improvement on your original assumption that i was non-tech , even if no more accurate . 
  the downvotes , however , are just sad . 
  i 'm * in * tech , and you 're talking utter rubbish . 
  almost any ` innovation ' can be replicated once it 's on the market - lead times are extremely short in those terms . 
  where they 're not so short is in adoption . 
  if you can build enough market share that you 're the default for something , then you 'll generally benefit from the ` network effect ' . 
  people put their videos on youtube because youtube is where most people go to see videos , so people go to youtube because it has the most videos , etc - that 's the network effect , and the reason google bought youtube as opposed to creating its own version . 
  sure , sometimes it 's easier to buy innovation as well , particularly once a company has become big enough that it has difficulty innovating , but the big buys are market share plays . 
  as far as google is concerned , they bought market share . 
  i get what you 're saying , that a company can only * build * market share by innovation ( of some kind ) - but as far as companies are concerned , * buying * market share by buying the innovative company that built it is standard practice and the way it 's thought of . 
  it 's also been standard practice since well before the tech companies . 
  food companies buy other food companies in order to get their market share , newspapers buy other titles to get it . 
  they 're not buying the company for its innovative product , they 're buying it because they want its customer base . 
   well the eu is such a heterogenous area that there are often proposals from fringe groups many years before the reasoning behind those proposals becomes more common/popular with the average voter and politician cctb has been proposed by the commission , though , so it 's not quite a fringe proposal . 
  just to give some idea of how ireland is likely to respond : [ fresh eu assault on our tax regime in wake of brexit and apple ruling ] ( http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/fresh-eu-assault-on-our-tax-regime-in-wake-of-brexit-and-apple-ruling-35145586.html ), 
  it * might * be accepted in ireland if we 're put in the position of being the only or main state opposed to it , or if there are sufficient sweeteners . 
  bear in mind that what ireland actually taxes in corporate tax terms is minimal - we allow for the profits transferred to ireland to be transferred further in turn , out of our tax jurisdiction . 
  we mainly take our cut on the income taxes of employees and let the rest go by . 
  hence the large apple tax ruling from the commission . 
  a deal which still allows for a good amount of profit shifting ( however achieved ) , and allows us to continue allowing multinationals to move profits on , would keep multinationals in ireland , and would allow us to accept this . 
  otherwise , it 's really a life and death matter for the irish economy , because as you say it 's structured around being a haven for multinationals - reliance only on the domestic business sector would see us fall very rapidly back to being a really poor country . 
  for obvious reasons , we 'll fight that . 
   yay , the eu actually doing something against corporate tax dodging . 
  seems like they have finally gotten the message and are working on a pretty effective solution . 
  let 's hope the member states realize in what dire situation the eu is and do n't try to pick it apart until nothing is left . 
  given that this is the fourth ( ? ), 
  time the commission has made a similar proposal , and every time it has been killed by certain member states , i do n't think it 's fair to describe the eu as having `` finally gotten the message '' . 
  it 's a bit like claiming they 've been slow to act on climate change , on which they made their first proposal in 1992 , and the member states held it up for at least a decade . 
  so , unfortunately , i do n't hold out a * lot * of hope for it passing this time either . 
  i think its chances are better this time than before , given the general public irritation about corporate tax avoidance , and the sidelining of the uk in the run-up to brexit - but still , better than zero is n't a high bar . 
  why would the chart include malta and iceland and not include ireland ? 
  our figures : * 25 % obese * 39 % overweight * 34 % normal ( inc underweight ) actually , that probably explains why we do n't seem to be on the chart - we 're sitting at the bottom , below malta . 
   and now people are pretending not to be surprised when shit 's going wrong . 
  classic human psychology , unfortunately . 
  you want to do something , you persuade other people - and yourself - that everything will be ok if you do it . 
  then , when you 've all agreed to do it and the brown stuff starts to hit the fan , you say `` well , at least we 're doing what we wanted '' and `` everyone knew it would n't be all plain sailing '' . 
  and the thing is that that 's actually true - people really * did * know there would be problems , they just shut that information away from their decision-making process while they made the decision . 
  that 's why people go `` la la la i ca n't hear you '' when you 're trying to persuade them that what they want is a really bad idea - because they already really * know * it is , they just * want * to do it . 
  if people wanted emotionally to leave - and the evidence suggests people really did * want * that - then the fact that the ( non-marmite ) brown stuff has started hitting the fan is not , to them , evidence that they were wrong , because they already really knew that would happen . 
  the wave of brown stuff is something they expected , and what they additionally expect , now , is that those who did n't want to leave should be helping them overcome those problems now that we 're '' doing what we wanted '' . 
  after all , the remain voters were the ones actually * looking * at those problems , were n't they ? 
  they were the ones going on about them . 
  so they have in all fairness some * extra * responsibility for helping fix those problems - and if they 're not going to , then they should at least shut up about them . 
  we 're all in this together now , right ? 
  i 'm not saying this is right or fair , just that it 's a way the human mind works . 
  the idea that humans make rational judgements on complex issues is basically ludicrous . 
  when you ask the people what they * want * , the answer you get is , unsurprisingly , an emotional one , which is why referendums are , or can be , an appallingly bad way to determine what 's * best * .
