   i also ca n't really imagine designing a law to capture this kind of behaviour . 
  really ? 
  you genuinely can not think of a law that might capture suppressing information about one 's products or services causing harm to the general public and entailing large costs on them , the government , and other businesses for one 's own profit ? 
  i think some legislators may have already encompassed what you claim your imagination can not . 
  i am forced to disagree , i fear . 
  at this point i think you might be at risk of arguing simply to save an original view fostered by media reporting of the case despite the facts . 
  as far as i can see , the very summary appeal we can see is the full extent of the appeal . 
  if there were other documents besides the summary , the summary would undoubtedly mention them , but there is no such mention - as such , it seems that bloomberg either did waste the opportunity , or took the opportunity in another way . 
   ( if so , no need to have a statutory body . 
  just have a court ) . 
  that would be fine too . 
   i think having a function of holding the government ( and others ) to account is its main function . 
  while injecting lies into public debate is not something i welcome , i do n't see it as a big problem . 
  i 'm not alware of instances in which it happens which cause harm on a significant scale . 
  have just re-read something which seems to me relevant here . 
  exxon/mobil are currently accused of knowing about climate change in the 1970s , and of suppressing the information in favour of funding climate denial groups and pro-fossil fuel legislators despite knowing that it would do damage . 
  should there be a case against them ? 
  should there be penalties levied if it is found to be true ? 
   i know exactly how law and government work , i am a lawyer . 
  the two claims do n't automatically follow from each other , although i 'm sure we both agree they should . 
  i clearly feel you have n't , or had n't , i 'm afraid . 
  when i said you appeared to be unwilling to let go of a simple and exclusive dichotomy between a free press and a government-run press , that was n't intended as some kind of argumentative point but a real observation - it appeared to me that those appeared to you to be the only two possible options , and your arguments appeared to consist almost entirely of a repeated assertion of the idea that anything other than total freedom was equivalent to total government subjection , just more or less covert . 
  since i am in fact arguing for a middle ground which is not either of those two things - both of which are bad , with the latter much worse - and given that there are in fact known and tested ways of achieving such middle grounds - it did not appear to me that you were engaging with anything i was saying , or indeed capable of doing so , since the inability to admit a middle ground in the first place necessarily implies an inability to engage with anyone suggesting one . 
  it appeared , rather , that you were simply recapitulating the idea that any involvement of government , and/or any regulatory powers , with anything makes that thing a government thing itself . 
  that 's something which is characteristic of a gross misunderstanding of what `` government '' means , and how governance and law works , which in turn tends to spring from a libertarian-paranoid mindset . 
  and , again , `` libertarian-paranoid '' is n't intended as an insult , but as a descriptive term , albeit one with negative implications . 
  that does rather require that the other person is engaging with what you actually said , rather than recapitulating fixed views . 
  the greater the extent to which one feels the latter is the case , the more one tends to discount their contribution except as a placeholder . 
   out of interest is there any country in the world which has such a system ? 
  not that i 'm aware of . 
   there is a question over what to do about newspapers operating online and in a cross-jurisdictional way effectively operating outside the same rules that 's a common legal problem rather than an issue specific to my proposal , though - the issue would be settled as libel is , presumably . 
   there is a problem with who decides which cases should be tried by complaint seems the most sensible way , with the usual sort of rules about what makes cases inadmissible . 
   there is a problem with whether the decisions of the juries could be appealed one could either decide that they could be , or that they could not be . 
   there is the problem of newspapers changing their behaviour and being less inclined to aggressively attack before they are certain about the truth if the newspapers did in fact attack on the basis of truth , that might be something worth worrying about . 
  as it is , not so much . 
   there is the problem about having to imprison media people who do not comply a fine seems a reasonable penalty , with the fine decided by the jury - and if nobody faces any penalties for refusing to pay , there 's no point to levying fines , and the whole system becomes completely pointless . 
  after all , you can be `` sent to jail '' for parking in the wrong place , if you insist on looking at it like that . 
   these problems vastly outweigh in my mind the benefits of a fully free press . 
  the `` fully free press '' has no real justification bar its contribution to public debate through informing the public . 
  injecting lies into the public debate is clearly something that vitiates that justification . 
  rectifying that seems a worthwhile goal . 
   personally when i make points i want them to be noticed . 
  if you make points in edits they might not be noticed , that 's all . 
  i do n't see the point of making points if they will be missed . 
  for the sake of completeness , and also because i use debate as a means of testing my own thinking about issues . 
  i do n't require an answer from my unfortunate interlocutor on all points i raise . 
   i think the issue is that few people in europe truly want a federal europe . 
  true - what they want is `` federalisation '' of some issues which they see as best dealt with at a european level . 
  and that 's what we get , as a result . 
  sometimes the issue so federalised works well , sometimes it does n't - sometimes the problem is that it is n't an issue best dealt with at the european level because of national differences , more often , i think , it 's because the result is an issue that 's only partly `` federalised '' , with important parts still national . 
  unlike the us , where the question of state rights versus federal rights was effectively settled in principle in favour of the federal level , the principle in the eu is more convoluted - in favour of the federal level where and only where the states have either explicitly or implicitly agreed that it be so , otherwise in favour of the states . 
  maybe , but entering such a summary appeal does rather seem like taking the mick in the first place in , as you say , such an important case . 
  one might almost think that it was a form of point scoring , allowing bloomberg to claim that their foi application had been dismissed `` on a technicality '' when they knew they did n't actually have any good grounds for appeal . 
  i do regard it as just tidying up , i admit . 
  i do n't have a problem with whether any particular substantive point is dealt with in an immediate post or later - it 's not a race , after all !, 
   the statute setting out the responsibilities and duties of the body will be a statute enacted by legislature . 
  you 've not said whether the new `` truth rules '' that newspapers will have to comply with would be within that same statute or under regulation created by the body . 
  neither , since both would be appalling . 
  what would be in the statutes would only be the process by which truth is to be determined on a case by case basis , which , as i said , would ideally involve a jury decision . 
  the statute would cover the usual things like admissible evidence , procedures for calling experts , etc. 
  i hope you can see how that deals with the rest of your issues . 
  i think you 've been thinking of a government-appointed grand poombah or panel of such , which would indeed have the problems you think it would , and is why i would n't suggest or support such a system . 
  the ecb in fact contested that the appellants had only entered a summary :  secondly , the ecb submits that the appeal does not satisfy the formal requirements laid down in article 168 ( 1 ) ( d ) of the rules of procedure of the court since the appellants submitted only a ` summary of appellants ' pleas in law and main arguments ' that did not contain the pleas in law and legal arguments relied on . 
  so i think that 's really all bloomberg submitted , unlikely as that may seem . 
  my edits are always almost immediate , and generally over within a minute or so . 
  any edit more distant in time than that i do in fact mark as an edit . 
  it would be nice to think that it takes more time than that minute to think about what i actually wrote , and the lack of it does rather lends itself to my impression that that does n't happen . 
  at no point do i edit after seeing your replies , if that 's your concern . 
   you want a system which imprisons people if they do n't pay fines administered by a body established by government to check the truth of what papers write . 
  not a `` body established by government '' but a `` body established by statute '' . 
  there is a meaningful difference . 
  your version implies that it 's the government who will have the final say on what is true , but only because you apparently can not conceive of an independent body being independent . 
  which is fun and all , but is basically just paranoia . 
  why not wait slightly longer ... ? 
  nothing in my edits changes my points . 
   you want a system which imprisons the press if they do n't pay fines . 
  we already * have * a system which imprisons people if they do n't pay fines , making this a deliberate misrepresentation of my position in emotive terms . 
  i can ascribe such misrepresentation to malice or limitation at your preference - either way , it 's like saying that if i argue for lower priority of cancer treatment in the nhs i 'm arguing for `` a system in which cancer patients are killed '' . 
   that is not a pleading/appeal . 
  it is the opinion . 
  are you sure you 're referring to the right link ? 
  i know i gave two , but the one that appears to me to be the appeal document is this one : http://curia.europa.eu/juris/document/document.jsf?text=&amp;docid=135121&amp;pageindex=0&amp;doclang=en&amp;mode=req&amp;dir=&amp;occ=first&amp;part=1&amp;cid=796539 it 's definitely * not * the opinion or the judgement . 
  and it does n't refer to further documents containing more detailed pleading , so as far as i can see that really is the extent of the appeal . 
   attacks on other users are against community rules . 
  please stop doing this . 
  please stop responding to me if you 're not going to deal with what i actually post . 
  we 've now had a several post conversation which consists primarily of you arguing against your own straw man and your misunderstandings/personal views of what constitutes an independent body , and me trying to prevent that . 
   given that imprisonment follows on from not paying fines , the two are connected . 
  i 'm not happy about imprisoning owners of media organisations , simply for printing a lie and then not paying a fine . 
  it is orwellian . 
  it 's perfectly normal to imprison people for not paying fines . 
  and in some senses it 's hard to imagine a worse non-violent crime than feeding lies into public debate . 
  it only becomes orwellian if you let the government say what constitutes truth . 
  i have tried to explain to you how one avoids this , but you 've kept clinging to your original limit of two options - market or government - and since what i 'm proposing is n't the former , it must be the latter . 
  fallacy of false dichotomy on top of your straw men , basically . 
  impressive if it were n't more probably the result of limitations rather than cunning . 
   ah i got you . 
  i thought you were defending the outcome initially . 
  maybe we will find out eventually . 
  having looked at it again , i think that short ( 1 page ) submission i linked to really is the full extent of the pleading entered for the appeal .
