  if ttip ` reduces the power of governments to do what companies do not like ' , then isds would be unnecessary , because isds provides a possible avenue of compensation where that power has been used unfairly . 
  and , again , i have to make the point that ttip is being negotiated by governments ( * sensu lato * ) for governments . 
  companies and public interest groups are being consulted because they will be affected , but they are not negotiating , nor setting the mandate for negotiations , nor voting on the text when it is finalised . 
   international treaties , like ttip , supersede international law . 
  under ttip companies could sue governments for anything that affects their profits . 
  no , they ca n't , no matter how many times you repeat it . 
  they can only sue for unfair treatment , and still will not win compensation even in the event of that if what was done has been provably in the public interest . 
  it 's in the negotiating mandate and the variety of other documents already linked by / u/savannajeff . 
  what ttip is setting out to achieve , what isds does as a mechanism - these things are not secret . 
   i think you are missing the point . 
  the question is regarding whether ttip would be inclusive of such measures or do away with them entirely . 
  well , no offence , but i would n't have thought such a point arose in the first place . 
  why would ttip need to be inclusive of such powers , when they 're available already ? 
  and how and why could it do away with them , and why would any government negotiate such clauses ? 
  ttip is about ( a ) removing/lowering remaining tariff barriers ; ( b ) abolishing/raising quota barriers ; and ( c ) removing/lowering non-tariff barriers . 
  none of those aims remotely involve removing the legal powers governments have over companies - those powers are not a constraint on trade in any sense , and are a necessary part of governance powers . 
  it 's as reasonable to suggest that because courts and police are different in the eu and the us , ttip could remove judicial and policing powers , or force us all to have the same currency . 
  mind you , the way the debate has been going , it 's probably just a matter of time before that gets claimed ... what ttip does , through isds , is try to guarantee fair treatment for foreign investors - well , not even guarantee it , but provide for compensation where provably unfair treatment is meted out to a company by a government . 
  if ttip were doing away with the powers of governments to act against companies , isds would be completely redundant . 
   can the country then sue the corporation ? 
  sue it , dissolve it , make it a proscribed organisation , restrict its operations , seize its assets , in some cases arrest its executives and board , take over its management , all kinds of things . 
  in the recent banking crisis , all of those things have been done to banks . 
  they 've also been done to huge companies like enron and arthur andersen . 
  there is no real limit to the power of a government over a company . 
  the only limit is the law , and the law can be changed by the government . 
  are people unaware of all this ? 
  we do n't know what 's in it , but we hates it ... 
  the end result is meat , who cares how we get there ? 
  anyone who has eaten goat . 
   there are more business than charities in the world that 's not the point , nor the point i was making . 
  people are the ones that are affected in the end . 
  and because there is a 9-1 ratio of private - public interest , private interest groups will have their view more represented . 
  both businesses and charities are formed by people , and more people form private interest groups than are involved in charities . 
  and this is a * trade * deal . 
   and while reporting might be skewed , we do n't see the positions of ngo 's simply copied into drafts , we have seen that multiple times in the eu , even in the ttip negotiations . 
  where do you think many left-wing representatives ' legislative proposals come from , if not the unions ? 
  do you think green meps do n't pass through positions from the wwf ? 
  i can assure you that they do . 
  and conservatives pass through amendments drafted by church groups , and so on . 
  any lobbying body that can do so - and that includes ngos - draft legislative proposals , usually in the form of amendments , and pass them on to sympathetic representatives . 
  it probably makes up the bulk of all proposed amendments - meps certainly do n't have time to draft them personally . 
  even just the voting workload of an mep would fill more than 100 % of their available time . 
   given the limited number of meeting available , and only 10 % of them being given to public interest groups there seimply are not enough meeting even for ngo 's with memberships in the millions . 
  and then comes all the unions , and other labor groups that defenitly have a stake in how trade is shaped . 
  i know you 're trying , but the number of noticeable business groups is probably a larger multiple of the number of noticeable civil society groups than just 9:1 . 
  there are just many many many more businesses than charities , i 'm afraid . 
  if we take the uk as an example , there are 164,603 registered charities and 2.26 million registered businesses - a ratio of 13.7 to 1 . 
  figures are [ uk companies office ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/bus-register/uk-business/2014/stb---uk-business--activity--size-and-location---2014.html#tab-summary ) and [ uk charity commission ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/charity-register-statistics/recent-charity-register-statistics-charity-commission ) . 
   and while we ca n't know fore sure how the commission weights their meetings , we get a certain indication based on the negotiating positions they arrive at after those meetings , and the answer is fuck all consideration given to labor , health , medicine , ip . 
  probably not . 
  i suspect you 're looking at a filter effect there . 
  ngos act as watchdogs over the private and public sectors , but not the other way round . 
  as such , there 's always going to be an ngo that will point out when a business group gets legislation its way , but neither businesses nor other charities are likely to point out when an ngo gets the same . 
  as far as i know there is no organisation that watches for both , so the reporting is heavily skewed , not objective . . 
   so when ngo 's with memberships in the millions ca n't even get a meeting with the ec something is obviously wrong . 
  if you look through the list of meetings , you can see that the ngos with large memberships are the ones who get to meet the commission , as are the trade unions - so your comment is simply wrong here . 
  but there * are * only a small number of them , and the same is true for unions at the european level - whereas there are hundreds of business groups . 
  what weight the commission give to submissions by the different groups , on the other hand , is not something we can tell from the simple number of meetings . 
   the problem is not that the ec are meeting with private interest groups . 
  it 's that they are meeting way more private than public interest groups . 
  well , first , there are way more private than public interest groups , and many public interest groups have no interests they consider to be affected by a trade agreement ( they may be wrong , but that 's clearly the view of a lot of ngos ) , whereas private interest groups pretty much by definition will be affected by such an agreement . 
  second , for legislators to meet with a group , the group needs to be able to demonstrate that it represents a significant interest in the area . 
  that 's much simpler for a company or business group - they can point to the number of people they employ , or the amount they contribute to the economy . 
  for ngos , it 's harder - ngos are n't representative bodies , they do n't represent a particular number of people , they may not even represent the people who share their concerns . 
   i 'm not saying it 's perfect but which is better to draft a new regulation on chemical factories : a democratically elected politician who never studied chemistry or a lobbyist payed by the chemical `` corporations '' to study the subject all day long and know it inside out . 
  i rather have some `` influenced '' knowledge than total ignorance when making a new regulation . 
  i think it has been made repeatedly clear that elected politicians with no industry knowledge or experience are in fact magnificently better qualified to draft laws on complex technical issues like the internet ... 
   perhaps you guys can tell us how much things have changed and whether the reputation of ireland as a socially conservative society ( no talking about laws here ) is still fair . 
  i think there 's an increasing number of people who do n't see it as the business of the state to enforce conservative values any more . 
  so , gay marriage - some people are gay , why would you stop them getting married if that makes them happy ? 
  even opposition to abortion is significantly weaker than it was , at least in terms of legality :  asked whether the irish government should decriminalise abortion , 67 % agreed and 25 % disagreed . 
  81 % are in favour of significantly widening the grounds for legal abortion access in ireland . 
   only a third of irish people polled were aware that it is a criminal offence for a woman to access abortion here unless her life is at risk . 
  even with the long debate over ireland 's 2013 abortion law , less than one in 10 were aware that a woman who has an abortion could face a 14-year prison sentence . 
  i would say , however , that the * social * acceptability of abortion is a hell of a long way behind that . 
  people may feel it should n't be criminal , but that does n't mean it 's ok . 
  i 'd say that the fundamental change in ireland is that of no longer feeling that the weight of the law should used to enforce values , even though those values are still fairly widespread and acceptable in themselves . 
   thats because it is there to protect us from doing some crazy stuff if we see what is really in documents like these . 
  idk , we might go so crazy and start voting for different people . 
  / s that does n't really account for anything the commission does , though . 
   not yet , but migration has been accelerating . 
  it has been * cyclic * . 
  drawing a line through a recent trend and projecting it off into the future is nonsense no matter how often it gets done . 
  i agree . 
  i think ` bubble ' is now being used very loosely for any rapid rise in prices - whereas a ` bubble ' is where people are buying speculatively because prices are rising quickly , and prices are rising quickly because people are buying speculatively , a positive feedback loop . 
  i do n't think this is what 's happening here - my own view would be this is more likely to be a market trap of some kind . 
  there are a variety of ways prices can inflate ` artificially ' - that is , with the possibility of a sudden collapse because the market is not driven by a genuine broad increase in demand . 
  an alternative explanation is that there has been a competitive but low-volume largely cash market , with the majority of buyers still on lock-out , and the majority of sellers still hanging on hoping for a return to the kind of prices they bought at . 
  that would produce pretty much the same effect ( including rising rents ) - the distinguishing difference would be the low volume of sales . 
  in other words , there are alternative explanations - and about the last thing i 'd be disposed to do after the recent bubble is assume that house prices are reflecting some kind of changing fundamentals rather than either a bubble or a market trap . 
  how likely does it seem that the populations are expanding sufficiently to justify a return to bubble prices ? 
  and if bubble prices wre n't justified then , what makes them justified now ? 
   possibly , but housing prices fell by about 50 % in the bust . 
  some of this is rebound . 
  worth pointing out that they fell by about 50 % from the peak of a * bubble * . 
  if they 're rebounding to similar values as during the bubble , then they 're rebounding into overvalued territory again . 
   and unafraid to make decisions that people are unwilling to do now . 
  that was n't always the case , and in many cases the decisions they were unafraid to make were unpopular because they were bad decisions for the majority of people . 
  even a king has a ` demos ' that they need to take into account when making decisions - it 's just a very much smaller , very much more powerful group of people . 
  that does rather change the level of impassion .
