  now i 'd like a picture of the nuremberg rallies with everyone in dreadlocks , and with a big spliff in their saluting hand . 
   the great outline of it is available though . 
  well , in the sense that there 's a free trade deal , and that the eu has certain definite things it wants - the us too , although we 're less informed about what they are . 
  at least one of those things is an isds mechanism , details tbd , and various eu special interests to be protected . 
  other than that , i 'm not sure what the ` great outline ' consists of . 
   ttip has been widely written about and it has been seen by journalists and politicians ( none of them have seen it 's full extent though ) you ca n't see the full extent of something that does n't yet exist . 
  that 's not necessarily the case - the barrier to market entry for such a company would be pretty high , because they 're competing immediately with very well-established national brands in a marketplace which is still fragmented . 
  check down the side of kevin cardiff 's . 
   it would be nice if the unity was more towards trade rather than :  `` we all agree toilet paper must by of size x , y , z '' that kind of standardisation is exactly the kind aimed at trade integration . 
  it 's so that if someone writes `` toilet paper '' on a shipping manifest , everybody knows what 's in there . 
  corporate bribery has become much less common over my lifetime , not more common , and regulation tighter , not looser . 
   everyone has a price . 
  maybe there are people dedicated so much they would take no money and would be impartial but it 's safer to assume there are n't any . 
  sure - that 's why bribery is illegal . 
  and in turn , a bribery conviction - even a bribery scandal - generally spells the end of a political career ( there are exceptions , obviously , but it 's generally the case ) . 
  our systems do n't assume people would n't take bribes if taking bribes was risk-free - the assumption is that it would happen , so it puts in place dissuasive penalties . 
   i am not against trying to convince someone in general . 
  simply , corporations are in position to abuse lobbying laws . 
  other sides are n't . 
  therefore system like that should cease to exist . 
  period . 
  how are corporations in a position to abuse lobbying laws , and how can they do it when others ca n't ? 
  and , to make the point again - on-record lobbying meetings are n't bribery . 
  the records of such meetings may not always be publicly available without redaction , but they are available in the event of a bribery investigation . 
  i think that if you were to read up on lobbying , you 'd find they 're already in use . 
  out of interest - do you : 1 . find it inconceivable that a corporation could have a reasonable argument ( and therefore not need bribery ) ; 2 . believe that decision-makers are never open to reasonable arguments unaccompanied by money , or ; 3 . just not consider the making of reasonable arguments to be lobbying ? 
  personally , i do find it possible to persuade people without having to give them money . 
  ymmv . 
  no ... bribery is bribery , lobbying is lobbying . 
  bribery is where you simply pay someone to give you the outcome you want , lobbying is where you persuade them that what you want is the right outcome . 
  it 's as simple as the difference between prostitution and seduction . 
  lobbying ! = bribery . 
  if you can bribe , you do n't need to lobby - you do n't bother with long boring official meetings , you have short , exciting , unofficial ones instead . 
  if they exit the eea/efta as well , then other eu citizens wo n't have the right . 
  irish people probably will , because that 's part of our individual arrangements with the uk . 
  it is , but it does make the whole thing a little pointless . 
  unlike norway and iceland , the uk does n't have any industries which it would specifically like to keep out of the common eu policies , and already has opt-outs on most of the things it cares about and on which opt-outs are possible . 
  most of what the out position talks about is immigration and business red tape , and eea/efta membership will mean both of those will continue unchanged - there wo n't be single market access ( on an equal footing with eu countries ) without applying freedom of movement and single market regulations . 
   unemployment jumped in spain , greece , and portugal after austerity measures were passed , heavily packed by germany . 
  accompanies a graph showing the jump in unemployment in 2008/9 . 
  no mention of a recession , which some might consider perhaps more relevant . 
  it 's kind of a funny one . 
  we 're not in schengen , we have a free travel area with the uk - but our border with the uk , inside the fta , is n't an external border of the eu . 
  if the uk leave , it 's then an external border for the eu , inside a free travel area with a non-eu country . . that could of course be overcome by the uk being in the eea or efta , or some kind of specific bilateral agreement . 
  the contingency plans appear to have been drawn up already for a lot of those businesses . 
  despite which , he can not possibly * not * campaign . 
  an eu in/out referendum with no ukip ? 
   a system of slave labor and human trafficking to make its fancy feast cat food i can see 8 out of 10 cats preferring that . 
  that 's how modding is everywhere , i 'm afraid , particularly in any political forum . 
  it 's never * just * thankless , it 's actively criticised . 
  i always remind myself that those who criticise are generally those who would also be absolutely appalling in the role , while those who would be good are generally appreciative . 
  i 've been accused within the same day of being anti-semitic and a zionist , a fascist and a communist , a fenian and a unionist , gay and a homophobe . 
  tells me i 'm probably doing the job right . 
  someone saying you 're doing this to advance your career is a backhanded version of telling you what you 've done is impressive . 
   the attitude of `` leave it to the national goverments '' by eu , is shit . 
  well , it 's politically and legally correct , really - just not very useful . 
   sure charges were on the agenda however that does not contradict or disprove what i said at all . 
  i was n't my intention to disprove , but to clarify . 
  `` mandated in the mou '' became a handy way for two governments to shift political blame for actions that in several cases were already in the pipeline , so i 'm always leery of the phrase being used in a way that does n't clarify that the mou was n't imposed , but consisted primarily of the irish government 's proposals . 
   the troika bailout was used for government spending you are correct and i should have been more clear but the bailout was required because of the socialisation of private banking debt resulting from the bank guarantee which was magnified again since bondholders of these banks received 100 % of their money back from irish taxpayers . 
  the troika progam was required for government spending because the government foolishly socialised the banking sectors liabilities . 
  that , i 'm afraid , i do have to disagree with , at least in some part . 
  the question of whether it was the banks or the deficit that contributed more to the rocketing government bond rate is hard to disentangle entirely . 
  what one can say is that neither the guarantee itself nor the recapitalisation payments to the banks caused the bond rates to leap up , because they did n't leap up when either of those things was happening . 
  on the contrary , the bond rates headed north when the guarantee * ended * , in september 2010 , at a stage when the recapitalisations had largely been done , its cost added to the national debt , and the bondholders largely paid back . 
  and while the cost of the bank recaps * nominally * added a large chunk to ireland 's national debt through the $ 30bn in promissory notes , the point of promissory notes is that they are promissory . 
  the real additions to ireland 's debt burden made by the bank recaps were pretty small , so it was n't primarily a cost issue . 
  it 's no problem to show the history of irish 10-year bond rates through the period of the guarantee and its ending , which demonstrates what i 'm saying - sorry , it 's a little long : 2008 jan 4.250 2008 feb 4.254 2008 mar 4.357 2008 apr 4.552 2008 may 4.782 2008 jun 5.052 2008 jul 4.697 2008 aug 4.551 2008 sep 4.590 start of blanket guarantee 2008 oct 4.667 2008 nov 4.130 2008 dec 4.266 2009 jan 5.516 2009 feb 5.487 2009 mar 5.463 2009 apr 5.199 2009 may 5.455 2009 jun 5.711 2009 jul 4.964 2009 aug 4.847 2009 sep 5.754 start of elg 2009 oct 4.708 2009 nov 4.796 2009 dec 4.839 2010 jan 4.803 2010 feb 4.541 2010 mar 4.497 2010 apr 5.168 2010 may 4.905 2010 jun 5.471 2010 jul 5.030 2010 aug 5.661 2010 sep 6.309 end of blanket guarantee 2010 oct 7.100 2010 nov 9.355 bailout 2010 dec 9.047 2011 jan 9.310 2011 feb 9.340 2011 mar 10.223 2011 apr 10.573 2011 may 11.036 2011 jun 11.695 2011 jul 14.037 as you can easily see , the bonds rates did * not * respond to the increases in irish debt , the repayments of the bondholders , the recapitalisation of the banks , or the introduction of the guarantee . 
  they quite clearly respond to the * end * of the blanket guarantee in september 2010 . 
  what clever monetary policy would that be ? 
  the ecb 's current policy of historically low interest rates is clearly not for the benefit of the germans . 
   i am tiring of these protests , firstly why does ireland need so many different left wing groups ? 
  it probably does n't - the problem is covered in monty python 's life of brian . 
   it 's establishment was mandated by the `` memorandum of understanding '' made between the previous government ( fianna fail/green coalition ) and the troika to secure funds to rescue defunct banks . 
  wrong on all nearly counts . 
  first , water charges were already on the government 's agenda before the troika - they just needed to find someone willing to take the political flak . 
  second , the troika bailout was n't used for the banks , but for government spending . 
  treble horseshit , even . 
  rainwater , lake water , stream water ! = treated drinkable water . 
  cavan in the eighties , the water source was local lakes , and every time you came home after a while away , you 'd be down for a couple of days with the squits after first drinking it . 
  the us appears to have no problem with such a mechanism in tpp , so i do n't think it 's just an eu idea . 
  see here : https://ustr.gov/about-us/policy-offices/press-office/fact-sheets/2015/march/investor-state-dispute-settlement-isds it 's not as if the eu is negotiating with emperor palpatine here . 
  interesting - in one sense at least , an autarkic russia that cuts itself off from globalisation is exactly what the west wants right now in propaganda terms , because it helps western citizens be happier with globalisation if the establishment can point to the crazy people with worse living conditions as the alternative . 
  sure , we already have north korea , but they 're too loopy to be a good `` alternative '' . 
  cases ca n't be dismissed without being heard at all . 
  i think what you mean is that there is n't a * fast * procedure for dismissal of frivolous or vexatious claims in existing isds mechanisms , although there is for ttip 's isds ( at this stage ) . 
  they can in fact dismiss cases , as was done in the case of apotex v. the united states , where the panel issued an award on jurisdiction and admissibility , dismissing all of the claims and ordering apotex to pay the united states ' legal fees and arbitral expenses . 
  that is n't any kind of evidence of corruption . 
  if there 's doubt over whether it 's a mixed agreement , and the commission tried to treat it as not being , they would inevitably wind up in court . 
  so i think it 's unlikely they 'd even want to try unless they were 100 % certain . 
   so now that we 've established that , what 's actually your problem with this kind of whaling ? 
  it 's not necessary . 
  it 's being done because people want to do it , which seems a poor reason to me for any kind of killing . 
  [ edit ] it would be more impressive to see counter-arguments to that point rather than downvotes , but eh . 
  [ / edit ], 
   killing is killing , murder is a specific word that applies to humans but it 's still just killing . 
  until or unless it gets redefined . 
  your arguments basically consist of saying that the way things are is necessarily correct because it 's the way things are . 
   you just want to bend the word 's meaning in order to humanize these animals and appeal to people 's emotional side without having to present objective arguments ( which i have yet to see from you at this point ) . 
  i said some people see it that way , and they do .
