  the link between germany 's competitiveness and the piig 's current account deficits ( those that had them ) , on the other hand , is quite simply not proven in any sense at all by a graph showing them together . 
  i 'm not sure how it 's even supposed to do so . 
  it 's like graphing one person 's rising salary and another person 's falling salary , and claiming that the latter is falling * because * the former is rising . 
  how does the mere fact that germany increased its competitiveness while the piigs lost theirs supposed to make germany responsible for the piigs ' current account deficits , or their loss of competitiveness ? 
  would you not need at the very least to show that german exports to the piigs rose while german imports from the piigs fell ? 
  help me out here - how are the two supposed to be related ? 
   no , you 're right , it 's definitely important . 
  but that only shows that `` periphery countries '' took a short-term profit approach in dealing with the bubbles that were being created . 
  how does the whole `` therefore , we should show fiscal discipline '' bit follow from that ? 
  it does n't , of course . 
  at least , the whole fiscal stability targets stuff does n't seem to have any bearing on the problems in ireland at all . 
  we ran budget surpluses - sure , they were based on windfall treatment of property bubble based taxes - but they fitted the stability & growth limits , so the new ones seem completely irrelevant to what happened to us . 
  the european semester and the other 2-pack/6-pack detailed coordination , maybe , but the basic targets , no . 
  that 's what competitiveness generally consists of . 
  a race to the bottom does rather tend to be a downhill affair . 
  i have to admit i do n't find it particularly illuminating , i 'm afraid , although that may be because it 's late and that 's a long comment thread . 
   anyway , my point is not that everything is germany 's fault , my point is that the insistence that on fiscal discipline and competitiveness is misguided and can not by themselves solve the problem . 
  well , i agree with your point , certainly - i just do n't like what are , in ireland , at least , very standard misrepresentations of our bubble and burst . 
   so , your explanation about the massive bubble that was the irish economy in 2008 is what exactly ? 
  where did the extra money come from ? 
  the `` extra money '' does not have to come from somewhere else . 
  banks create money when lending , although they do need external money for liquidity and capital . 
  for the irish banks ' loan books to balloon up to 3.5 times irish gdp , only a small amount of non-irish money was needed , and most if that seems to have come from the us and uk - hardly a surprise , given that 's where irish banks traditionally raise money . 
  the idea that irish banks were suddenly on the receiving end of a huge flow of german money never made sense , because irish banks do n't in general tap the frankfurt money markets - they tap the london and new york ones . 
   depends on who 's holding the debt in each case . 
  if the data shows that it was german money that was flowing as loans into the periphery economies , then obviously they have some responsibility as lenders . 
  first , that 's a big `` if '' , particularly in ireland 's case . 
  second , what does `` responsibility as lenders '' really mean ? 
  german lenders did n't get together and decide to lend to the periphery en masse , let alone push money on the periphery , nor was it some kind of german government policy to do so , or encourage it to be done . 
  there are many many lending decisions , from many many different companies , involved in the movement of money around europe . 
  summing these up as if `` germany '' was a single company that invested in `` greece '' or any other peripheral country is kind of nonsensical . 
   what ? 
  well , there 's either a relation between germany 's current account and the current accounts of the piigs , or there is n't . 
  what 's being claimed is that germany 's surplus = piigs deficit . 
  but that relationship is only true for a particular period . 
  it was n't the case when germany was the `` sick man of europe '' , and it 's not now true - why does the bit in the middle get treated as the only relevant bit ? 
   you are willing to cut some extraordinary amount of slack for this narrative . 
  the point is that competitiveness and `` living within your means '' is only a small part of the whole story . 
  it 's one of the larger bits that 's supported by actual evidence . 
  ireland * was * quite definitely living beyond its means . 
  is it somehow unimportant that the irish government encouraged the property bubble with every means at its disposal , and shifted the tax base from income taxes to the windfall gains available from the bubble ? 
  that it treated an asset bubble in exactly the same way that banana republics traditionally treat windfall gains from commodity prices , by splashing cash on vanity projects and pumping up the civil service payroll and welfare payments in search of votes ? 
  do you think these things are * un * important ? 
   you know , there 's actual data about where the money went . 
  here 's an article about this . 
  ah yes - and it 's based on misused statistics , too :  german banks had amassed claims of $ 704 billion on greece , ireland , italy , portugal and spain , much more than the german banks ' aggregate capital . 
  in other words , they lent more than they could afford . 
  the author uses bis statistics , which are going to introduce a massive distortion in the case of ireland , because we have german bank subsidiaries in our financial services centre . 
  these account for 95 % + , or a couple of hundred billion , of german banks ' `` exposure to ireland '' , and are absolutely nothing to do with the irish banks , irish economy , or the irish bailout . 
  despite which , we had several years of articles claiming exactly what this one does - that the troika bailout really bailed out germany . 
  i 'm afraid that too is simplistic rubbish , based on misused statistics . 
   depends on the size of the surplus , obviously . 
  well , we would presumably be responsible to the extent of our surplus . 
  the logic is unavoidable . 
  and we are , after all , the second biggest exporter in the eu after germany - not `` per capita '' but in absolute terms - so presumably we 're pretty culpable . 
   why is that strange ? 
  the fact that everyone is trying to out-compete each other in fiscal discipline means there 's `` winners '' and there 's `` losers '' . 
  are you denying the fact that one country 's exports are another country 's imports ? 
  it 's logistically impossible for everyone to have a surplus at the same time . 
  you miss the point . 
  if the fact that the piigs ( well , some of them ) had deficits at the same time as germany is offered as showing germany 's responsibility for their deficits , why does n't the same relationship now hold true ? 
  if they can * now * compete with germany , who could n't they * then * ? 
   that may be . 
  but i 'd like to see you say the same about the whole `` they were just profligate and lived beyond their means '' rhetoric as well . 
  that 's even more `` bar-stool economist , back of envelope , sounds right stuff '' but it 's been the main explanation everyone hears about the crisis for the past 5 years . 
  well , it does rather hold in the case of greece . 
  and in ireland as well - we * were * profligate ( ask me about benchmarking , or the removal of nearly everyone from the income tax net ) , and * did * live beyond our means , if by `` means '' one means `` a sustainable long term tax base '' or even `` in a way that does n't require constantly rising house prices '' . 
  that there 's some truth in it ( it 's not the only truth ) is shown by the fact that those countries have been able to regain competitiveness vis a vis germany - which strongly implies , given the absence of devaluations , that they were * able * to do so at any time , but * preferred * not to . 
  it 's probably going to be easier to keep welfare states going in the face of declining populations than to keep the planetary environment going in the face of expanding ones . 
  gosh - did the us really need to spy on itself to find out it was training russian forces ? 
  i 'm sure there are better ways , you know . 
   the run-up in debt in spain and greece and italy was the flip side of germany 's success in containing workers ' wages and improving exports . 
  germany sold more stuff to southern europe than it bought . 
  it took the profits and , in effect , lent the money back to those same southern european countries . 
  in greece and italy , it showed up as government borrowing , and in spain as a housing bubble fueled by bank loans . 
  this is actually a * very * large and dubious claim , which is glossed over very quickly as if it were obvious common sense - the money had to go * somewhere * , right ? 
  but the proof that 's offered is a graph showing current account surpluses of germany against spain , italy , and greece . 
  that 's a correlation , not proof of causation . 
  and why is n't ireland included ? 
  well , because we had a current account surplus , like germany . 
  did we also cause other people 's debt problems ? 
  and how were spain etc supposed to be financing their current account deficits back before germany had a large current account surplus ? 
  and how come they can now have a current account surplus at the same time as germany ? 
  this seems like yet more from the ever-expanding school of incredibly shallow journalistic economic analysis that has bedeviled the crisis from the beginning . 
  it 's bar-stool economist , back of envelope , `` sounds right '' stuff . 
   everybody spies on everybody . 
  everybody knows that . 
  gosh . 
  i wonder how they found out ? 
  yeah , it 's not as if the us was training russian forces too . 
  oh wait , they were . 
   can i nick that phrase ? 
  be my guest !, 
   nobody thinks that russia buying up kensington is a good thing , not even the londoners . 
  if we could get rid of them and then do the whole `` yuo need to actually live here to own a house '' thing like in copenhagen , for example , it would be a win-win . 
  i doubt it 's actually `` nobody '' , although i 'd have no real problems if you wanted to claim estate agents , wealth managers , and personal shoppers naturally fall under that classification . 
   not a word about similar german protests and reluctance , or that of any other country , surely ? 
  ah , the whiff of whatiffery !, 
  if german redditors would like to make equally funny defensive statements , i 'm sure they 'll be equally funny ...  i think the property market would be improved if we got rid of all the russian oligarchs myself . 
  and i 'm sure germany would be much happier if they were n't reliant on russian gas .
