  the haircut applied to all banks , not just greek banks . 
  it affected the greek banks particularly badly because they held the largest holdings of greek government debt , but all banks holding greek debt were affected . 
   the rest of the debt , owned by foreign banks and foreign entities , was assumed by the european taxpayers . 
  in short , the foreign banks were bailed out , the greek banks were not . 
  the greek banks * were * bailed out by european taxpayers - the bailout package included $ 48bn for greek banks . 
  there 's an in-depth analysis here : http://iie.com/publications/wp/wp13-8.pdf i 'll quote the main point :  first , what were the distributional implications of the restructuring -- both the main exchange , and the end-2012 debt buyback ? 
  we answer this question by computing the impact of the restructuring on the present value of expected cash flows both in the aggregate and bond-by-bond . 
  ** the results confirm that the exchange resulted in a vast transfer from private creditors to greece , in the order of $ 100 billion in present value terms ; corresponding to 50 percent of 2012 gdp ( this is net of the costs of recapitalizing greek banks to offset losses incurred through the restructuring ) . 
  ** $ 100 billion redistribution from private creditors to greece . 
  that 's a * lot * of money , and yet people cling to the belief that the greeks were somehow stiffed on behalf of private creditors . 
   given that it seems to be the greek finmin that has brought about this referendum , and it seems that he will be advocating a `` no '' vote while you seem to support a `` yes '' vote , i am not sure why you are trusting him and not me . 
  he seems to be advocating the opposite of what you 're advocating . 
  that 's actually why i would trust him more on this . 
   lending to greece is a high risk strategy already , notwithstanding the fact that they are in the euro . 
  yes ... that 's why :  as things currently stand , greece ca n't fund itself via the markets . 
  mind you , it 's not actually the case that nobody will lend to them , but that the interest premium they want for doing so is too high for the greeks . 
  and when you think about it , if greece 's plan is really to default and take the consequences , then what they should be doing is borrowing high-premium market loans to default on . 
  but their plan is to default and not take the consequences by having other people take responsibility . 
   the relevant question is when they can return to the markets again . 
  i think they can return to the markets quicker with the drachma . 
  they 'd be returning to a much higher-priced market under the drachma . 
   however , i am not sure why you are so convinced that `` yes '' is the best option ? 
  ( things have not been working out so well over the last five years in greece after all . ), 
  but things working out well in greece the last five years has n't ever been an option . 
  the situation in greece is n't a result of austerity , it 's a result of the pre-austerity lunacy . 
  short of a ( giant ) magical money fairy suddenly appearing over athens and raining down euros on a happy greek government , the choice of paths was always between the rock and the hard place . 
  speaking from experience of a couple of irish crises , the most recent one , while on paper a good deal worse than the earlier one , hurt a * lot * less . 
  the main difference was the rescue package - and the quid pro quo for that was reforms which we probably should have carried out anyway . 
  where would greece be now without the eu ? 
  it would n't have had the last five years of funding , and the current situation would be nothing in comparison to what that would have meant . 
   personally i think that one of the reasons these are in decline is because of the cost of them . 
  i think both would grow if the costs were less . 
  as a consumer of tourism i certainly look at the costs involved . 
  on this occasion , i 'm going to take the greek min fin as probably having a better handle on the prospects than you . 
   sovereign debt investors have about a two year memory . 
  they will pile in again . 
  if they get an acceptable risk premium . 
  again , you 're talking as if the drachma option was something new and untried . 
  we * know * what greek debt premiums look like outside the euro , and they 're not small , because everybody accepts that lending to greece is a high-risk option . 
   i 'm not suggesting it is a utopia , but simply the least worst option . 
  ( i do n't think we can call what is happening now and the last five years a utopia . ), 
  that the current situation is bad does n't make worse alternatives better . 
  they remain worse alternatives . 
   as for wanting the drachma or the euro , it seems to be true that most greeks want the euro . 
  `` seems to be true '' ? 
   however , it seems that they also want austerity imposed by the troika to end . 
  they are not going to get both of their preferences in any event and will have to compromise on one of them . 
  again , that does n't make a return to the drachma the better option you 've been claiming it to be . 
  i 'm not suggesting you got value for money - but making sure you did really is an entirely greek affair . 
  eh , mostly greek banks were exposed , and mostly greek banks were bailed out . 
  and , again , this business of `` bank exposure '' covers up the fact that we 're talking about money the greek government borrowed and spent . 
  banks that make risky and predatory loans should n't be repaid from government coffers . 
  why should taxpayers in any country foot the bill for a private institution 's risky loans after that private financial institution profited greatly ? 
  because they need the institutions in question . 
  i may not like the fact that irish banks made massive loans to irish developers that were reliant on the continuation of a property bubble , and i may not like the fact that the government bailed them out . 
  but i need a bank , for my business , and for my personal life , and the additional taxation/reduced services that result from the bailout are a lower price to pay than the disappearance of my bank . 
  as for `` risky and predatory loans '' ? 
  honestly , that 's complete bullshit . 
  `` risky and predatory loans '' and government bonds are at opposite ends of the spectrum . 
  government bonds are long-term , low-interest , supposedly safe and boringly conservative . 
  sure , it turns out that greek government bonds were n't safe , but they were - and this is the vital point - long-term and low-interest . 
  there was n't some kind of quick buck to be made on greek government bonds . 
  like every eurozone government bond before the crisis , they were low-interest . 
  greek bonds were n't some kind of casino `` get rich quick '' opportunity , they were the kind of bonds conservative institutions put pension funds into . 
  as i say , turns out they were anything but safe , and investors should have know better ( well , except that the greek government was actively lying about its true financial position up to 2009 ) , but they were n't anybody 's opportunity for massive profits , or even quick profits . 
  lending to the greek government was n't predatory , except perhaps on the part of the greek government . 
   it is a shame for greece that they can not devalue relative to the euro , as they really need that right now . 
  i would have said it was the last thing they need . 
  they do little exporting , and what they export can neither easily be expanded ( it 's raw materials and agricultural products in the main ) , nor has obvious further markets . 
  so a devaluation wo n't lead to an export-led recovery . 
  varoufakis on that point :  while it is quite true that argentina 's export performance in 2001 was by no means better than greece 's today , it is crucial to note that argentina 's export potential in 2001 was vastly superior to that of greece 's in 2012 . 
  by export potential i mean the degree of underutilisation of productive resources whose employment can , potentially , produce goods and services for which there is effective demand . 
  in 2001 , argentina 's farms were woefully underproducing primary commodities that were , at that time , seeing their demand skyrocket . 
  in sharp contrast , idle productive resources in greece can not produce much for which there is increasing demand . 
  and about tourism :  take for instance shipping and tourism , mentioned by paul krugman as two potential sources of greek export growth : both are in speedy decline !, 
  additionally , whereas in the case of argentina , its next door neighbour ( brazil ) was entering a period of rapid growth , greece 's neighbours are showing no such signs of vitality . 
  indeed , our traditional trading partners are also buffeted by recession ( pushing down the demand for greek tourism ) while non-eu countries ( such as russia ) can not , and will not , make up the difference to any appreciable degree . 
  http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2012/05/16/weisbrot-and-krugman-are-wrong-greece-cannot-pull-off-an-argentina/ meanwhile , their debts are in euro , so a devaluation makes their debts more expensive . 
  sure , they can default , but that means borrowing costs go up . 
  and they can borrow in drachma in the future , too , but , again , that 's going to come at a heavy price . 
  it 's not as if we 're talking about some hypothetical never-tried could-be utopia . 
  greece knows perfectly well what it means to have a drachma , and the majority of greeks are against doing so , unsurprisingly . 
   with your own currency you can set your own interest rates or do quantitative easing . 
  you can also be forced into interest rate changes and devaluation by external ( market ) forces , particularly if you 're a small country . 
  that 's why most small countries maintain some kind of peg to a strong currency . 
  countries like greece are n't the uk . 
  juncker is basically saying that he had to push for taxation of ship-owners against syriza resistance . 
  so i 'm not sure that the problem is where you think it is . 
  the only reason you are paying anything is because your government , for some reason , decided to bail out private banks that made very risky loans . 
  be angry at your government , not greeks . 
  banks that make bad loans should reap what they sow , not be bailed out by a country 's taxpayers . 
  so ... banks in country a which make loans to country b should be repaid by country a 's taxpayers when country b does n't want to repay what they borrowed ? 
  when people say the bailouts are going to debt repayments and not on the greek people , that 's because they are being used to repay the money the greek government * already * borrowed and spent on the greek people . 
   the thing is that the situation in was n't unsustainable because of the living standarts , but because of corrupt politicians buying fighter jets and the elite not paying a single euro in taxes . 
  and the problem is that neither of those issues have been tackled . 
  even varoufakis has called that idea as a non-runner - there 's no spare export capacity in greece , or for greek products . 
  and a cheap currency does n't attract fdi export companies . 
   it gives you multiple monetary policy options that you do n't otherwise have . 
  more a case that it gives the market multiple options with your currency . 
   then at least it wo n't be at the tune and tempo set by others .
