   the settlement , which included hamburg abandoning it 's proposed regulation are the whole reason behind the new lawsuit from the eu again , i have to repeat - that the compromise reached after the isds case is not now acceptable to the commission is irrelevant to whether the hamburg government acted fairly in the first place . 
   not every decision , but the ones that lead to lawsuit a few years later are obviously bad . 
  hamburg would not be facing a lawsuit if their regulations had been kept in place . 
  so you need to explain how this mess should be sorted out . 
  hamburg should have applied regulations properly in the first instance , when dealing with vattenfall . 
  as per the commission :  when authorising the plant , germany failed to carry out an appropriate assessment as required by the directive , and to assess alternative cooling processes which could avoid the killing of the protected species concerned . 
  this is not a claim that vattenfall was in the wrong , that the settlement should be reversed , or that the moorburg plant is illegal . 
  it is a claim that hamburg have carried out their part inadequately , which is much the same point as vattenfall made . 
  it may or may not be worth pointing out , in addition , that germany is fairly confident it will win the eu case . 
   because currently countries get sued by organizations like the eu if they do n't implement regulations . 
  but if they implement those regulations they get sued by affected companies because it constitutes `` indirect expropriation '' or `` unfair and inequitable treatment '' no , only where the application of those regulations has been , as in the moorburg case , discriminatory and politically motivated . 
  isds does not prevent governments from applying fair regulations in a fair manner , nor does it prevent governments or the eu from regulating in the first place . 
  it simply compensates companies when regulations are either in themselves unfair , or applied unfairly . 
  i think you simply find that unacceptable because you can not consider things done to a company to be unfair as long as you agree with them . 
  the settlement is not the subject of a lawsuit - the hamburg government is . 
  they were at fault three times . 
   no a panels of three people with no relevant experience found so , or rather it seemed they would reach that decision so the parties reached a settlement mm . 
  did you find an isds case or two that you actually consider as having some reasonable basis ? 
  or is it perhaps time to admit that you regard all isds as bad , and therefore every isds judgement as automatically bad too , without regard to facts ? 
   there was large supply of rental housing because the fiscal stimulus was largely spent on building rental flats , so the private rental housing was not very attractive to the investors . 
  i like that solution , i have to say . 
   so what is the story in spain , portugal and greece ? 
  ireland ? 
  in ireland we had/have a strong tradition of owner-occupied one-off houses , with rental seen as a temporary stage when you 're young - most irish people believe it 's entirely impossible to bring up a family in a rented house . 
  we had a really bad recession in the late eighties - imf intervention , even - after years of autarkic economic policy - massively protectionist , giant state sector with monopolies on everything from telephones to buses , expensive and often crappy irish-made versions of a small range of things , and hugely expensive imports for everything else . 
  we came out of that through a huge process of economic reform , turning what had been one of the most closed economies in europe into one of the most open . 
  so during the nineties we roared up from third world to third most competitive economy in the world ( even singapore saw us as a role model ) , and irish property prices roared along with the economy . 
  come 2001-2 , like everyone else , our economy staggered - but like everyone else , we basically ignored it , and kept what had been a real boom going on the basis of a massive increase in private debt . 
  nearly all of that credit flowed into property - after all , property prices had been going up for 6-7 years without fail , what better investment could there be ? 
  the banks were eager to oblige . 
  land prices ballooned , house prices rocketed , debt exploded - by 2006 , 2-bed flats in the suburbs were going for $ 600,000 + , and half the fields in the country were suddenly built over with speculative housing estates - quarter of the workforce and 15 % of gdp was in construction , and everyone kept repeating the mantra that this was real growth , definitely not a property bubble , until everything suddenly stopped in 2007 and went into reverse . 
  that brought down the banks with it , and the banks brought down the state . 
  the aftermath is one of heavy negative equity , broken banks which can hardly afford to lend , and probably an entire generation which ca n't afford either to sell or buy . 
  the property market is a mostly-cash trickle , keeping property prices still artificially high , while bubble-era landlords raise and raise rents to service enormous negative-equity mortgages , in turn preventing most potential buyers from ever saving up a deposit . 
  and , no , we have not been creative about overcoming that ( although i do n't know how long it took for finland to be ) . 
  property buying remains most people 's aim , and mostly still out of reach . 
  ireland 's colonial past of absentee landlords and brutal evictions makes banks reluctant to foreclose , and are mostly now state-owned , making their actions attributable to politicians , so the market wo n't right itself through their actions . 
  not sure what the medium term holds . 
   an isds decision definitely resulted in a misapplication of the law . 
  no , it resulted in a reversal of a deliberate and discriminatory misapplication of the law . 
  isds panels are not courts ( as i know you know ) , it 's not up to them whether hamburg complies with eu directives or not - all that 's up to them is whether a government has misapplied law in a discriminatory way . 
  and , again , the point is that in this case , hamburg had done so . 
  smaller countries -  less variation shock . 
  except belgium , which as we all now know is a failed state ... 
   definitely the latter . 
  and i do n't consider all isds cases baseless , just the vast , vast majority of them . 
  do feel free to point out a couple you agree with . 
   given the lawsuit filed by the eu commission against hamburg this is clearly false . 
  that hamburg did n't apply the law properly in granting the original or eventual conditions does not mean that they applied the law properly in increasing the conditions on vattenfall and prompting the isds case . 
  again , i do n't think you understand the principle in question . 
  you see the law as `` properly applied '' when it has a result you like , and that 's not what `` properly applied '' means . 
  possibly one of the least informative infographics i 've ever seen . 
  should be in line for some kind of prize . 
  there is , however , a reasonable explanation . 
  the origin of the graphic seems to be related to this paper : https://www.ceps.eu/system/files/ecri%20commentary%20no%2015%20sb%20recent%20trends%20in%20home%20ownership%20in%20the%20eu-28%20final_0.pdf and in that , the point of the graphic becomes clear :  in the eu28 , the average oor was 70.6 % in 2012 and 70 % in 2013 . 
  however , the aggregate figure masks heterogeneous rate patterns at the country level . 
  looking at the actual data in more detail ( figure 1 ) shows that at least three groups of countries can be distinguished :  * countries with rates below the eu28 average ( 70 % ) ;  * countries with rates between the eu28 average and 80 % ;  * countries with rates above 80 % . 
  so their interest is very specific . 
  still not sure why somebody bothered to make a graphic out of it , though . 
  more useful chart here : http://eyeonhousing.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/presentation13.jpg, 
   except making laws that effect their bottom line is also legal . 
  which they are suing over . 
   both are legal . 
  so where does that leave you ? 
  making laws that affect a company 's bottom line is n't grounds for an isds case . 
  making laws - or applying laws - in such a way as to discriminate against a particular company is the grounds for an isds case . 
  and no , that does n't mean you ca n't pass a law against something harmful even if there 's only the one company making that harmful thing . 
  the law may affect only that company 's business , but that 's not why the law was passed . 
  the company might take a case arguing that the product is n't harmful ( in which case the law is n't good law ) , but would only win if they could show there was insufficient evidence ( or doubt ) that the product was harmful . 
   or protections create a very good foundation for asking for bribes from foreign companies - `` pay me and i 'll arrange so you can compete '' . 
  this is in fact what traditionally happens . 
  the foreign company either bribes a politician , or pays a resident business owner to be their ` local partner ' in order to avoid import tariffs . 
   this statement , given the number of baseless isds cases suggest your head is now completely absorbed by the anal cavity it is stuck in heh . 
  baseless cases lose - admittedly , probably not from your perspective , since i think it 's pretty clear you regard 100 % of isds cases as baseless . 
  also , i seem to have annoyed you somehow . 
  or possibly you 're just rude . 
   because in this case they are irrelevant . 
  if you write a law , but only apply it to foreign companies that is clearly discrimination . 
  if you write a law and it applies to everyone it is not discrimination . 
  again , i 'd say this shows pretty clearly how the distinction between law and its application is not something you get ( or , more ironically , get but are n't applying ) . 
  a law does not have to be discriminatory in itself to be applied in a discriminatory way , and the distinction is both obvious and important . 
  say a country made a law that said some minority could n't sing in public . 
  that 's clearly a case where the law itself is discriminatory . 
  now , say a country made a law that said nobody could sing in public . 
  clearly the law itself is not discriminatory . 
  but let 's say they only * apply * it to a particular minority - they do n't prosecute anyone under the law except people from that minority . 
  that 's a case where although the law itself is not discriminatory - on paper , it applies to everyone - its * application * is discriminatory . 
  in the vattenfall moorburg case , the requirements to comply with eu directives were not properly applied either when hamburg made the original deal with vattenfall , nor when the greens changed the deal , nor when hamburg agreed to change them back . 
  the issue in question was never the regulations themselves , but the application of them by hamburg to the moorburg plant . 
  vattenfall won their case because the regulations were n't properly applied - the decision taken by the greens to change the conditions for moorburg was a politically prompted one , not a legally required or proper one . 
  if the eu now win their case against germany , the appropriate regulations will have to be properly applied to the moorburg plant . 
  if that makes moorburg no longer viable , that 's just tough for vattenfall - there will be no isds case if the law is properly applied , and there would have been no case in the first place if it had been , either . 
   so an isds panel finds regulation protecting fish discriminatory . 
  the regulation is canceled . 
  no , this is exactly where you 're wrong . 
  the regulation itself was n't discriminatory , the specific way it was applied to the moorburg plant by the hamburg greens was . 
  equally clearly , the regulation was never cancelled either - if it had been , how could the eu be suing over it ? 
  what was cancelled was the improper * application * of the regulation . 
   the eu would not be suing germany for a lack of regulation if they had properly implemented them in the first place . 
  neither would vattenfall have done so .
