  no , greece did n't implement reforms . 
  they implemented budget cuts only . 
  the actual reforms ran into the sand . 
  granting greece debt relief is * necessary * to make greece self-sufficient , but probably not * sufficient * . 
  c and strumpets . 
  if only there was a pan-european organisation with lots of translators in its service , and that would benefit from the public in every language being able to see the news from other countries because it wanted the people of europe to get closer together ... !, 
   simon kuper of the financial times , anton troianovski of the wall street journal and derek scally of the irish times -- all of whom know germany well -- have recently complained in almost identical terms that hardly any original german voice is to be heard in international debates . 
  interesting point - one that one does n't really notice until it 's highlighted . 
  germany is criticised or praised from the outside . 
   obama could have said something like `` as a us president it is not my business telling uk what it should do or not '' . 
  but would he be able to stop himself laughing after he said it ? 
   indeed , ireland has always benefitted from being in a union with us . 
   but to be fair , you probably do n't know much about a region in china with 10 million inhabitants . 
  point to the following on a map : uttar pradesh , maharashtra , bihar , and west bengal . 
  between them they have the same population as the eu . 
  used to be the same for ireland . 
  `` is an island ? 
  which island ? '', 
  `` not country . 
  is part of england !, 
  see on map , is same colour ! '' . 
  saved on several occasions by someone mentioning johnny logan . 
  rothenburg 's torture museum is pretty gruelling , which is what you want from a torture museum ... 
  actually ( a ) private member 's bills are selected by the speaker from all those submitted ; ( b ) they virtually never pass ; and ( c ) that 's probably a good thing . 
  by and large in most representative democracies with a cabinet-style government , legislation that actually goes anywhere is initiated by the executive and rubber-stamped by the executive 's automatic majority in the parliament . 
  in contrast , all eu legislation is initiated by the commission , but the commission has n't an automatic majority in the ep . 
  for example , if the uk government wants ttip , we can pretty much guarantee that ttip will pass the house of commons . 
  the commission may want ttip , but passing it through the ep is a * much * chancier business . 
  i know which one i consider more democratic in practice . 
   would you defend a system where the house of lords wrote all the laws and parliament voted on them . 
  but were n't allowed to change them ? 
  would you defend a system in which the executive ( cabinet ) proposes the laws and the parliament only amends and passes/rejects them ? 
  because that 's what you have . 
  yes - it 's better described as an executive , maybe even an executive agent or arm . 
  because there 's an economic crisis , and the eu is part of europe 's economic governance . 
  trust in governments is even lower in most countries , for the same reasons ( see , for example , the [ edelmann trust barometer ] ( http://www.edelman.com/news/trust-in-government-plunges-to-historic-low/ ) ) . 
  the eu and national governments are agents of the public , acting on their behalf . 
  when they have clearly screwed up , trust in them drops . 
  people invent all kinds of more complex reasons for why they * already * distrusted them , or why they * should * distrust them , but that 's usually just fitting an explanation after the facts . 
  similarly , journalists and analysts take the current trend line and project it straight off into the future in order to come to a dramatic conclusion about where we 're headed . 
  yeah , i think we spotted that . 
  we do n't actually have the option to be a large country , so our choices are either to be at the table with bigger countries with louder voices , or to wait outside until they 've done deciding what happens . 
  greece does n't want to default , but ca n't afford to roll over its debt . 
  the rest of europe is lending it the money it needs not to default . 
  how is this complicated ? 
   check the list of things that were implemented . 
  greece has seen the largest swing from primary debt to surplus of all countries under austerities . 
  it has implemented more and harsher austerity measures than anybody else . 
  that is n't the same thing as having done the reforms . 
  in fact , having made the cuts without doing the reforms means that the greek economy suffers doubly from the actions of its government . 
  it 's a big stick . 
  you hit your opponent with it before you actually follow up with whatever he said . 
  yeah , i 'd go with gogarty . 
  there was the famous `` rolling around on the floor '' episode :  the hall was packed , and local politicians joanna tuffy td of labour and senator frances fitzgerald of fine gael were also present . 
  following a number of lengthy contributions from technical experts , sen fitzgerald approached the microphone and made a number of points , many questioning minister for the environment john gormley 's views on incineration and the green party 's bona fides in opposing the rathcoole project . 
   as she spoke , gogo suddenly jumped to his feet and collapsed on the ground , flailing his arms and rolling about before lying still for a few minutes . 
  then he picked himself up and sat back down . 
  gives a new meaning to `` deputy gogarty has the floor '' . 
  apparently he found her remarks `` damaging to his psyche '' . 
  his music video : http://www.dailyedge.ie/paul-gogarty-music-video-978432-jul2013/, 
  should n't the bible come with multiple trigger warnings ? 
  tl ; dr tsipras has the charisma and popularity to be the leader greece needs , if he 's willing to put aside left-wing orthodoxy . 
  cue a long argument based on one of the human memory 's many quirks . 
  in incidents where prices rose improperly , it caused surprise , and the memory is vivid . 
  where it did not , there is no vivid memory because there was nothing remarkable to remember . 
  the resulting selection bias makes it appear as if the period was characterised by price hikes . 
  this is why we have statistics . 
  as a % of government revenue : http://www.debtclocks.eu/eu-ranking-expenditure-on-interest-payments-in-percent-of-government-revenue.html you know , those are n't historically very high . 
   there 's no such thing as a non-ideological economic theory . 
  true , and the more an economic theory claims the immutable force of natural law , the more one should be suspicious of it as blinded to its ideology by its ideology . 
  the pragmatist says `` we * should * do this because it is the best method to reach such and such a goal '' , the ideologue says `` this is what * must * be '' . 
  one can argue with the pragmatist about the choice of goals and whether the method suggested is really the best method . 
  one can not argue with the ideologue about either - to them , it 's like someone claiming gravity is optional . 
  this . 
  once again , the media and nearly everybody have been extremely cavalier with the term `` eu '' . 
  by and large through much of the crisis it has simply been shorthand for the member states of the eu , or the member states of the eurozone . 
  the management of the crisis has been primarily the work of the member states , acting through the council . 
  what we 've seen in the crisis is , as / u/fuschiamatter says , an excellent demonstration of the * need * for the eu and cooperation as opposed to nation-state rivalry and self-interest . 
  i would say that it has also been a strong demonstration of the force of the eu ideal - we 've seen nation-state rivalry and self-interest at work , but it has been very much blunted by the ideal of cooperation and solidarity . 
  most of the criticism of `` the eu '' in the crisis has actually been criticism of the * lack * of cooperation and solidarity , not criticism of it . 
  people are saying that the national governments have failed to live up to something we now * expect * of them . 
  that suggests that far from the idea of union being dead , it is now very strong , a routine expectation , and that what is being criticised is the remaining most intergovernmental council structure that has dominated the management of the crisis . 
  even the eurosceptics couch much of their criticism in those terms - the main difference is that they say that because it has not worked well , it should be abandoned entirely rather than fixed . 
  the long-term mandate is actually intended to give politicians the free hand they need to ignore popular opinion . 
  people who firmly believe their personal opinions are automatically popular have a lot of difficulty with that . 
   it 's not like she is supposed to sign a permit or anything there . 
  the problem here is that she is talking to a child as she is talking to an adult . 
  she 's talking to a teenager - a girl who is certainly very close in age to being able to vote , and if quite a lot of people had their way , would probably be able to vote already . 
  politics * is * an adult thing , any explanation that does n't deal with it on an adult level is condescending and almost certainly misleading - `` political bullshit '' as you say . 
  i ca n't see why you can possibly think anyone should want that . 
  i do n't think germany has been able to do anything like what it wanted . 
  they 'd probably prefer not to be funding bailouts at all , they 'd clearly prefer to have more conditionality in bailouts , they 'd definitely prefer not to have qe , and they do n't want to have to ` lead ' europe . 
  i 'd say germany has got little of what it wanted , and nearly all of the blame . 
   i do n't deny that europeans have more in common with each other than they do with asians/latin americans etc. 
  this is n't very relevant to eu solidarity though ... 
  it seems like an entirely relevant response to your original claim , which was that european countries had `` many differences and few similarities '' :  so surprised that all these countries with many differences and a few similarities have largely varying opinions . 
  i 've said it before , but people do n't really seem to understand representative democracy . 
  the vote gives someone a mandate as your representative , and that person is then your representative until the mandate expires . 
  you can disagree with , but not disown , what they do on your behalf . 
  jarrow marchers .
