   what is the difference , when the outcome is the same ( state support for power generators ) ? 
  as a general rule , where the state subsidises an * activity * , such as power generation , that 's ok - where it directly subsidises a specific company , that 's not . 
  where it gets tricky is where the two are effectively the same thing . 
  the activity has to be practically speaking open to anyone with the relevant expertise . 
   melodic languages `` pitch accent '' seems to be the correct ( ? ), 
  term : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pitch_accent, 
  sure - infographics are never wrong ... 
  this is a personal view , or what ? 
  how were the figures arrived at ? 
  across the foyle from the earlier town , i think , so the site of the older town of derry is now incorporated in the newer expansion of the newer town ... 
  certainly the walled city we 're talking about is claimed to have been built from scratch , as per the inscription in the cathedral stones : `` if stones could speake , then london 's prayse should sound , who built this church and cittie from the grounde . '', 
   what was your acquaintance 's response ? 
  it must have been terribly hard not to tell that guy to go fuck himself . 
  well ... he * did * want the job . 
  so he basically limited himself to the original twitch that the interviewer noticed . 
  i do n't think he got the job , though . 
  excessive fenian sympathies , i daresay . 
  not reliable , what ? 
  on the flip side , of course , the irish went on to buy a lot of the city of london . 
   except for britain and denmark . 
  they have absolutely no obligation to join the eurozone . 
  yes , i guess i 'd have to concede that . 
  the ecb says :  denmark and the united kingdom have a special status , which means that in protocols annexed to the treaty establishing the european community ( ec treaty ) they were granted the exceptional right to choose whether or not to participate in stage three of emu . 
  they both notified the eu council ( denmark in 1992 and the united kingdom in 1997 ) that they did not intend to move to stage three , i.e. 
  they did not wish to become part of the euro area for the time being . 
  and while the treaties do say :  the union shall set itself the following objectives : -- to promote economic and social progress and a high level of employment and to achieve balanced and sustainable development , in particular through the creation of an area without internal frontiers , through the strengthening of economic and social cohesion and through the establishment of economic and monetary union , ** ultimately including a single currency in accordance with the provisions of this treaty ** the provisions of the treaty do include a protocol which says :  unless the united kingdom notifies the council that it intends to adopt the euro , it shall be under no obligation to do so . 
  so `` absolutely no obligation to join the eurozone '' is exactly correct . 
   interviewer sounds like an arsehole sure . 
   err you must have forgotten the immense pressure ireland came under from the ecb to bail out our banks in order to protect german and french banks . 
  i have n't , because we did n't , or at least not in the sense most people mean . 
  i 've said this elsewhere - i 've dug into this , and the story that there was a lot of french and german money in our banks is the result of journalistic sloppiness and a good deal of myth-making . 
  it was n't the case . 
  the irish government was always going to bail out the irish banks - that 's what the guarantee was about , and far from being the result of ecb pressure , or any pressure from outside , it was an extremely unpopular move throughout europe , and the ecb , like everyone else , was informed of the decision only after it was made . 
   actually the ecb ownership includes non-euro central banks of england , denmark , hungary , sweden , bulgaria , czech republic , etc. 
  you are of course correct - i was thinking of their management , in which the non-euro countries play no part . 
  the bank of england is a shareholder/stock owner as you say , as are all the member state central banks , but the governing council includes only the eurozone countries . 
  so the why of the boe and other non-eurozone countries being a stockholder is that the euro is legally the currency of the eu , which all member states will in theory at some point join ( countries have ` temporary ' derogations , or fail to meet the criteria for joining , but there are no permanent exemptions ) . 
  but the non-eurozone central banks have no policy input , and indeed the boe 's capital holding in the ecb is smaller than ireland 's ( $ 55m to our $ 125m ) . 
   i 'll put it this way : this type of internal squabbling is definitely a bigger potential challenge at the european central bank than it is in the u.s. federal reserve system . 
  there i 'd probably agree , but it would be possible to see the internal squabbles as not so much national in origin , but national in character , if you see what i mean . 
  there are fiscal hawks and fiscal doves in the ecb 's board , and their attitudes are often reflective of their national traditions , but not necessarily reflective of their national advantage . 
  does that make sense ? 
  bit of history : londonderry is n't the same town that was previously derry - it was built separately as a planned town courtesy of funds provided by the city of london livery companies . 
  and an anecdote : an acquaintance of mine went for a job interview with the city of london back in the eighties , and the interviewer said ( very plummily ) `` well , you 'd probably be based in london , but you might be in londonderry ... ( leaning forward on seeing my acquaintance twitch ) ... you do n't * mind * me calling it * londonderry * , do you ? 
  after all , we do * own * it . '', 
  and as far as i know , they still largely do - the ground rents , anyway . 
   the ecb is owned by european central banks , e.g. , bank of england , bundesbank , banque de france , banca d'italia . 
  well , not the bank of england , because the uk is not in the eurozone . 
   these entities have a bias towards their home nation . 
  i do n't think that 's demonstrable at all . 
  it makes sense a priori , but i do n't think there 's any strong evidence for it having actually happened . 
  i would say that the ecb seems to very much see itself as responsible for the eurozone monetary system and its banks , and the permanence of the working arrangements lend themselves to a self-perception of separation from individual national interests . 
  after all , even within countries , central banks are supposed to see themselves as independent and somewhat separate - working together at the ecb , i think that perception is very much strengthened . 
  yeah , he did a good hearing after a lot of studying the brief . 
  he 's not a political has-been either - he 's being sent to brussels because he got tasked with all the shitty jobs the government needed done , like introducing water charges . 
  so this is n't retirement ( he 's 54 ) , but somewhere to go while the memories fade . 
  eu agriculture commissioner is generally respected in ireland - not necessarily loved , but certainly respected . 
  it 's a position with a big influence in irish rural life , and therefore national politics . 
  i 'm not suggesting that the multi-ethnic empires were `` really great '' at preserving cultural identities within their borders , or acted as in any sense deliberate curators , but all the historical reading i 've done suggests they were much better at it than the nation-states . 
  not deliberately so , quite the opposite - the multi-ethnic empires did engage in cultural homogenisation , most likely in response to its success in the nation-states , but they were n't as efficient at it . 
  as to invented history , yes , that 's part of what i 'm saying - most `` national history '' , certainly as taught in schools , is invented , or at least repurposed . 
  see , for example : http://www.researchgate.net/profile/daniele_conversi/publication/231537069_cultural_autonomy_core_values_and_europe%27s_legacy_a_response_to_joshua_a._fishman/links/09e41506b730a505b1000000, 
  fair point . 
  that 's not quite accurate , since most ` cultures ' in the multi-ethnic empires were pretty strongly autonomous , and tended to have become part of an empire on a set of terms which were historically particular to them . 
  the austro-hungarian empire , in particular , was very much a patchwork of different systems owing allegiance on various different terms to the empire , but the same is also true of the ottoman empire . 
  one of the outcomes of that was that multi-ethnic empires did n't get the `` economies of scale '' which would have gone with their size had they been nation-states , while suffering from the same scale of territorial vulnerabilities as nation-states of similar size . 
  they were also not internally harmonious - they never had been , but in an age where everything moved quicker , it mattered a lot more . 
  so , for their size , multi-ethnic empires were very much weaker than nation-states , and militarily and thus politically they were out-competed by the large nation-states . 
  so it was n't so much that they were absolutely weaker than they had been , but that they were relatively much weaker than the centralised and homogenised nation-states . 
  personally , i 've never thought of that as something to celebrate . 
  the multi-ethnic empires tended to preserve different cultures , particularly minority cultures , far better than the nation-states did , since the nation-state was founded on the idea of homogenisation , and the imposition ( sometimes by naked force , but regularly by law backed by state force ) of a single `` national culture '' , a single national legal system , and so on . 
  mind you , the scots were irish in origin - the northern irish of d\u00e1l riata invaded scotland in the 800s . 
  so the `` ulster scots '' could be regarded as returned emigrants ... 
  i think he 'll work out better than mccreevy or geoghegan-quinn . 
  he swotted up on the agriculture brief beforehand , which is a good sign . 
  most of the bitching about him basically just reflects the fact that our water is about to start costing us money . 
  but this * is * the government telling them what to do - that their kids should be taught more in imperial units at school . 
  in the context , it would be a smarter answer . 
  there 's no intrinsic value to imperial , it 's by far the less widely used system , and , perhaps most importantly , the metric system is the scientific standard . 
  so unless cameron intends having children learn two completely different systems at school for science and non-science subjects , which i doubt , and which would also be stupid , it 's clear that there 's no practical value to the suggestion . 
  cameron is as entirely entitled to * like * the imperial system as the next person - as indeed i do , for some things - but for the pm of the uk to suggest that it should be the primary system taught in schools is worrying . 
  not because there 's anything fundamentally wrong with imperial units , but because it 's clearly not a practical suggestion , which either makes it pure vote-pandering * and * a lie to boot , or it makes cameron the kind of person who comes up with impractical suggestions . 
  neither of those options are positive options . 
   giving a smart answer would be better ...  you mean he should have lied ? 
  he was asked his opinion on it ... did you * intend * to imply that cameron needs to lie in order for his opinions to be smart ? 
  i wonder how many countries that happens in . 
  i somehow doubt it 's just germany . 
   nearly 35 years ago now ( 1980 ) - time flies . 
  and apparently nobody gets wiser . 
  no , nobody realises that , apparently . 
  everyone is running around shouting about the billions - but the case is to do with apple 's manufacturing subsidiary in cork , which was set up nearly 25 years ago . 
  plus the old `` if you 're explaining , you 're losing '' rule . 
  if i concoct an enormous and appealing lie and spread it around , you 're going to be forced repeatedly to explain how it 's not true - while everyone wisely murmurs `` no smoke without fire ... it might not be exactly true , but there must be something in it '' . 
  the use of the `` big lie '' remains the best form of propaganda . 
  he seems to have forgotten that the reason we still have 28 commissioners is because of the no side in ireland 's lisbon referendum , who made a big noise about it - particularly vaclav 's friends in libertas . 
  and the no side in ireland drew a lot of comfort from vaclav 's support . 
  '' ... macedonians never never shall be slavs '' to the tune of rule britannia . 
  with apologies . 
   i 'm not sure that without the euro there would never be the political impetus to fix structural economic issues . 
  the historical record suggests otherwise .
