  that 's what ` austerity ' is cutting into - the economy that depends on government money , from a government that ca n't sustain such a level of handouts without borrowing . 
  as i said , for greece to be able to sustain its economy that way again is exactly as unsustainable as it was before , and that means that doing it will just land us back here again - the only thing that kept the balls in the air for greece was a combination of falsifying official statistics , and the finance industry 's ludicrous belief that risk had effectively been eliminated . 
  so , short of those two coinciding again , and nobody calling them , we 'll be here again sooner rather than later . 
  the noise over austerity serves to obscure the fact that there are real problems with the greek economy , that there seems to be insufficient political will to solve those problems , and that greece seems to be primarily interested in getting back to business as before rather than doing so . 
  if we are to have a transfer union - which i do n't find objectionable in itself - then we 'd have to have much more limited sovereignty on the part of individual countries to avoid fiscal policies which unnecessarily ramp up the need for transfers , and i 'd want to be sure that no country is simply enjoying a free ride at other 's expense - and indeed , no part of a country . 
  i 'd want to be sure that if my money is going to greece , or wherever , that the recipient is not so corrupt that my taxes are going to feed a klepto-elite , or indeed a bloated public sector or pork-barrel economy . 
  i would say , in short `` no taxation without representation '' , and that greece can not get to spend my taxes without me having a say in greek affairs , without greece being answerable directly to fraud and corruption bodies in whom i have trust , and with whom i have influence . 
  is anybody actually ready for that ? 
  is greece ? 
  because it would go way beyond what the troika do , and it would be permanent . 
  greece can not be both dependent and independent . 
   as a counter-point , one could say that if you did give the ep the right of initiative , people would have to think twice about electing extremists . 
  there 's certainly some truth in that - the ep elections are `` second-order '' elections in which people express choices they would n't for elections they regard as more important . 
   yes , it is true that countries have , in terms of numbers , been in worse situations , but the internal economy of greece has already been decimated by the austerity measures . 
  i 'd be surprised if you were to find a business which is n't struggling ( or has n't already gone bankrupt ) . 
  i 'm not sure you can claim that `` the internal economy of greece has already been decimated by the austerity measures '' as opposed to the recession ( s ) which austerity is both the result of , and a response to . 
  greece has austerity because nobody will lend to them except official lenders , and official lenders wo n't lend as much to them as they would like to borrow in order to keep the greek economy functioning as it was pre-recession . 
  that 's fundamentally all austerity is , and its true alternative is even deeper austerity . 
  as such , stating that `` the internal economy of greece has already been decimated by the austerity measures '' is basically false . 
  the internal economy of greece has been devastated by the recession ( s ) in the greek economy along with greek government 's inability to access as much funding as it needs to keep the internal economy of greece running as it did up to then , or to reform the greek economy to that it can be sustainably prosperous without such borrowing . 
  calls for the troika to `` end austerity '' are calls for the troika to lend as much money to greece as the greek government feels it needs , or , since that would increase greek debt , either to allow a default on the money greece owes them so that greece can go back to the markets and borrow as much as it feels it needs - or to allow a default on the money greece owes them now , and then lend them as much as they feel they need . 
  there is no other way to `` end austerity '' as such than to allow greece unlimited borrowing , because austerity is only the inability of the greek government to borrow whatever it wants to paper over the hole in the accounts . 
  in turn , the `` pro-austerity '' viewpoint is nothing more than the view that the greek economy as it is currently is n't able to be prosperous without unlimited borrowing , and that therefore if the greek government is able to borrow limitlessly , then sooner or later we will all be here again , so it 's better for everyone , greeks included , if the greek economy changes to make itself capable of sustainable prosperity . 
  looked at one way you could say this is fundamentally why you do n't give the ep the right of legislative initiative - because parliamentarians propose things in line with their political stance , and there are some pretty extreme stances in the ep . 
  however , the majority of the ep is not extreme , so this is actually more about why you do n't get your knickers in a twist about extreme suggestions to the ep . 
  any parliament generates this kind of thing on a regular basis - see , for example , the uk parliament 's private members ' bills , which offer such gems as renaming the late august bank holiday as `` margaret thatcher day '' . 
  but then , in turn , somebody vocally getting their knickers in a twist about extreme proposals is what helps the non-extreme majority filter out the extreme proposals . 
  so , all good , parliament doing its democratic job , and the only silly position is the idea that it should n't do things like this . 
  ... locates germany on globe ... 
   if they give in , it will be very hard to get a deal through parliament , and they 'll be committing political suicide . 
  i think people are forgetting or ignoring this point . 
  the negotiations between greece and the governments of its creditors are only one part . 
  both syriza and the creditor governments then have to get any deal through their parliaments , and that will involve further negotiations , compromises , and maybe refusals . 
  everyone who disagrees with nikolasv is apparently just a kid , too childish to understand the adult world of politics . 
  i do n't mind bailing them out - what i object to is being told that we `` ought to '' and `` must '' . 
  i 'm happy enough with it as long as we 're clear that we 're doing it out of ( quite genuine ) good will . 
  bear in mind what you 're saying , though - our own debt is at 107 % of irish gdp , and has only just fallen back down from 123 % , our debt interest payments are only a fraction more than greece 's ( 11.2 % of government revenue compared to 11.5 % ) . 
  there were plenty of people arguing that ireland 's debt was unsustainable , and there still are . 
  yes , our economy is growing , while greece 's is shrinking , but it 's hard to argue that they 've somehow sunk under the weight of debt repayments . 
  welcome to global warming . 
  thanks !, 
   germany has a lot more power and influence in the eu and ez than it has in the imf . 
  * none * of what i said related to germany 's influence in the imf . 
  please put down the wrong end of the stick . 
   if eurozone solidarity means that poorer countries have to bail out richer countries , no wonder the whole system starts to get very unstable . 
  to be honest , they did n't have to - the efsf was open to the poorer countries , and they joined . 
   ireland , despite its bailout , remains a relatively richer country in terms of gdp per head of capita , so i do n't think ireland should get off so lightly ... let 's back up there a minute . 
  we should not get off lightly * because * we have money , even though our having money has bugger-all to do with the greek situation ? 
  when did that become a thing ? 
  and germany can not force the eurozone or efsf to do something , but , as i said , it gets reported as `` germany decides this , germany decides that '' . 
  the same is true of germany , but that does n't seem to get mentioned when the shoe is on the other foot . 
  a bit of context , btw - the us via the imf vetoed the idea of ireland burning bank bondholders in our bailout , so i 'm not easy to convince that the us is doing anything other than serving its own interests again . 
  perhaps the difference here is that the creditors of irish banks included a lot of us ones , whereas the greek writedown would just impact european governments - either way , it 's hard for me to see the us as some kind of noble force for good here . 
  well , solidarity means that even the poorer countries contribute . 
  sure ireland contributed to the first greek bailout just before we headed into our own , so we 'd be in any proposed writeoff - and it 's not as if we 're currently rolling in it . 
  well , to the consensus on releasing the report just ahead of the referendum :  there was no vote but the europeans were heavily outnumbered and the united states , the strongest voice in the imf , was in favor of publication , the sources said . 
  i guess people * might * claim that the us is just being `` more democratic '' there , and i could hope they do , since a laugh is always welcome . 
   most of the ifm members are not in a currency union with greece and many of the imf members who are owed money are a lot poorer than the eurozone ... 
  the same is true of the european lenders , though - a european writedown will no more just affect germany than an imf one would affect just the us . 
   europe is n't a country and the us ' role here is the least amount of interference here . 
  not sure what relevance the former has , but the latter is hardly the case . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  however , it 's worth pointing out , in return , that the imf is not talking about taking a writedown here itself . 
  from the report :  the amount of imf disbursements going forward will be decided by the imf executive board . 
  greece is precluded from purchasing these resources unless it clears all arrears to the fund in full . 
   and how exactly is the us `` interfering '' ? 
  as per the report on the decision on the report 's release . 
  what , by the us interfering in a european bailout ? 
  it can hardly be surprising at this stage . 
  they interfered in ours . 
   have you ever been to a protest ? 
  you could n't seriously believe this ? 
  yes , and yes . 
  although they 're most likely to belong to a specific group that has support for greece as a policy as well as opposition to water charges . 
  i 'm not sure why you find this strange . 
   and yet , you equated support for a trade agreement with support for the ttip fta , despite the fact that negotiations are still taking place . 
  no , i equated it with a lack of opposition to it , which is accurate . 
  so although there are anti-ttip protests , some very vocal opponents , and i 'm sure i can get you a picture of anti-ttip banners at some large protest if you like , there is definitely no widespread opposition to ttip . 
  the same logic holds for the apparent support for greece . 
   the thing i hate about today 's culture is how everyone just throws things that do n't work perfectly . 
  yes , the eu is n't perfect , but the potential is massive . 
  if it does n't work , fix it . 
  do n't just throw it away . 
  consumer convenience - it 's become cheaper to chuck it away and get a new one than fix it , and there are no user serviceable parts inside anyway . 
  i wonder if anyone has looked at how that paradigm - as opposed to `` mend and make do , new things are expensive and hard work '' - affects politics . 
   yes , i 'm sure someone just decided to handout flags to random protesters . 
  yup - someone wanting to use the march to make that point . 
  that 's why they 're a nice new-looking job lot of identical looking flags - because they * are * a nice new job lot of identical flags , bought en masse and handed out . 
   nope , it has nothing to do with political solidarity . 
  nothing at all ... 
  pretty much , at least in any meaningful sense . 
   and if pollsters referenced the trade deal you brought up , most people would probably be opposed . 
  handily , we do n't need to bother with pollsters , since you appear to be able to divine levels of public support by looking into your heart . 
  since ttip is n't even negotiated yet , most people would have a hard time making up their minds on the basis of real information , so your ability is doubly handy . 
   a free trade agreement = this free trade agreement . 
  well , that at least is true . 
  but any real free trade agreement ! = theoretical free trade agreement . 
  it 's also a water charges demonstration with greek flags by way of added colour , not a greek solidarity protest . 
  which demonstrates that people who are marching for water charges will wave flags handed out to them , and that if you take photos of * all * the people showing * some * of the flags it looks like mass support , a by now traditional bigging up media tactic . 
  there 'll be some anti-ttip banners there too , and polling has support * for * an eu-us trade deal at 70 % .
