  not much one can do with that , really . 
  oh , absolutely . 
  but it 's pretty much the case that for a eurosceptic , democracy is something that can only exist at the national level . 
   and greece ( for example ) is compatible ? 
  greece at least * wants * to be compatible . 
  their reason for being in is to become more like the rest of the eu . 
   we have it , it 's the council of the eu . 
  it 's ambassadors voting according to national government 's so making them electable would improve things . 
  close , but it 's ministers , not ambassadors . 
  so , elected representatives . 
  mind you , even if it were ambassadors , they would still be the representatives of elected governments and taking their instructions from them . 
  what 's needed really is better control at the national level over their governments ' actions and decisions in brussels - but that 's a national issue . 
   is this the 2 years people are on about , like 2 years to renegotiate ( reformulate ? ), 
  all the laws and trade agreements ? 
  not really - it 's to negotiate the exit arrangements . 
  for the uk to reformulate its laws and other trade agreements will probably take much of the next decade . 
  interesting day to be relying on the idea that sensible economic interests are enough to put people off nationalism . 
  on the other hand , every other british pm has managed to do it without inadvertently bringing the uk out of the eu and straining the bonds of the union . 
  it 's interesting , but what 's happening there is n't the same thing as the cjeu increasing the scope of eu competences ( and thereby its own jurisdiction ) . 
  the application of the charter may affect eu legislation ( and national law implementing eu legislation ) in unexpected instances , but that was , to borrow a phrase , an ` expected unexpected ' . 
  this kind of thing has been happening for a long time . 
  headline after the sun switched from supporting the conservatives to blair in 1992 : `` it 's the sun wot won it '' and reasons to be concerned : [ ` it 's the sun wot won it ' : evidence of media influence on political attitudes and voting from a uk quasi-natural experiment ( ] http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0049089x15001854 ) :  in 1997 , the sun newspaper 's endorsement of labour increased support by 7 % points . 
   in 2010 , the sun 's endorsement of the conservatives increased support by 15 % points . 
  this will have an impact . 
   in the same way the european court of justice steadily expands it 's jurisdiction . 
  used to do so , when competences were being moved to the eu but the treaties were n't explicit about the limits of those competences . 
  the ecj did at that stage make findings that in order for the eu to do x , as it had been tasked to do , it had also to have competence over y. i 'm not sure there are any examples from the last decade or more of the cjeu having to do so . 
  the end goal of `` ever closer union '' is only what it says - ever closer union . 
  that does not require everyone to live under one government , and only a minority have ever wanted that . 
  it 's kind of odd the way brexiters point to euroscepticism in other countries on the one hand , but on the other behave as if everyone but them are devoted federalists . 
  he 's not actually taking a leadership role . 
  slovakia , as a country , is assuming the rotating presidency of the european council , for six months . 
  mostly , it will be their foreign minister who participates . 
   to leave , so that the united kingdom can make its own policies and the european union can continue to make cakes out of mud . 
  yes , that 's totally what the rest of us are doing . 
  that should really have been put as a reply to kyoraki 's comment using your figures - sorry !, 
   the uk has a massive deficit , it is outside the eurozone and its trade with ireland , a nation of 6 million , is bigger than its trade with china . 
  4.5 million , if you mean the republic . 
  the other 1.5 million are in the uk , in northern ireland . 
  48 hours a week over a 5-day working week is 9.6 hours per day . 
  36 hours a week is 7.2 hours per day . 
  that 's 9am - 6.30 pm 5 days a week at the outside . 
  12 hours a day 7 days a week is 84 hours a week - nearly twice as long as the upper end of your figures . 
   it is not , however , democratic on a united kingdom level when the elected government of the united kingdom has to come to holland , finland , denmark , sweden , germany , estonia and austria cap-in-hand to get anything done . 
  and the same for each of them . 
  again , that 's not actually a complaint about democracy , it 's a complaint about the uk not getting its own way without reference to anyone else . 
  yes , you ca n't elect a government in the uk that then tells the rest of the eu what to do . 
  i 'm not sure why anyone would think that * should * be the case , or why it 's supposed to be ` undemocratic ' in any way . 
   and if all of britain unites behind the labour party , then on a european level the entire british people , every last one of them , every last man and woman , will still only have 73 out of 751 seats in the european parliament and one out of twenty-eight places on the council . 
  you ca n't change it . 
  i think you 're making it rather clear that by `` you ca n't change it '' , you mean that the uk alone ( and by extension , the uk voter ) is n't * running * the show , and ca n't change the direction of the eu as they like without much reference to anybody else 's preferences . 
  that 's true , and as it should be . 
   we can not vote on the direction of the eu . 
  we ca n't change it . 
  you can change how you are represented in the eu , for example by electing a labour government rather than a tory one . 
  but for obvious reasons no one country can dictate the direction of the eu - each country is entitled to push and argue for whatever direction they prefer , and some are better at it than others , but it has to be decided by consensus in the end . 
  so what you can do is vote for a national government you believe will push the eu in a particular direction , and who will be effective at doing so . 
  same principle as at national level , just a case of the bigger the ship the more push is needed to turn . 
   true , it would be unlikely to pass in every country . 
  the question is about how flexible we want to be here and whether it is necessary to amend every part of legislation in every country . 
  not that i would want to advocate special rules . 
  to be fair , directives , which are the major bits of eu legislation , are set out in general terms , and their exact legislative implementation is up to the national parliaments , so there is already some flexibility and balance . 
   would you think the eu parliament could ever vote for anything giving national parliaments additional competency ? 
  so it is not independent . 
  that would be a hard requirement for any form of parliament . 
  if you mean the ep ca n't simply vote some such legislation into being , then that 's true , although i 'm a bit unsure of what the rest of your comment here means !, 
  however , most parliaments practically speaking only vote on legislation sponsored by the executive - some may not even have a form of `` private member 's bill '' for non-government legislation to be proposed . 
  certainly virtually no legislation that is not put forward by a government passes in most parliaments . 
  in the case of the ep , the idea is that eu legislation should not be proposed at all unless there is a genuine need for it , and giving the ep the power of legislative initiative would run counter to that aim . 
  i do n't think anyone would really favour the sort of legislation that the ep might produce if it had the power to do so , and i do n't think many people would support the usual mechanism of limiting such legislation , which would be a proper eu government . 
  parliaments did n't evolve as a form of government in themselves . 
  they evolved as a way of * controlling * government . 
  even in systems where the government is derived from the parliament , the relationship remains a somewhat antagonistic one , with the government as the more active proposing partner , the parliament as the more reactive amending and vetoing partner . 
  from that perspective there 's nothing wrong with the european parliament . 
  it already has most of the classic abilities that really make a parliament powerful - veto over the appointment of the executive , veto over the budget , veto over treaties and trade agreements , veto and amendment of legislation . 
  what it lacks is power over the council , which is in effect the more powerful upper house . 
   if you are able to hold them accountable . 
  otherwise it is just a label . 
  each member state government can be held accountable by its own parliament and voters , and the european parliament directly by the voters . 
  in fact , the mechanisms for national parliaments holding their governments accountable for their actions in the eu tend to be rather weak , because eu business tends still to fall under ` foreign affairs ' , which was for a very long time an almost unrestricted prerogative of the executive rather than primarily a parliamentary matter . 
  the first problem is that we now have a situation where eu legislation has a large domestic impact , but is not by and large amenable to amendment or veto by national parliaments . 
  if you take a directive that is agreed or accepted by the uk government at the council level , the role of the uk parliament does not then include a veto or power to amend the basic directive - whereas had the same legislation been proposed by the uk government at the national level , it would have that power . 
  the concomitant problem is that you obviously can not implement legislation which is supposed to be similar throughout europe if each national parliament can amend or veto it within their national territory . 
  the only two options here are really either a ` parliament of parliaments ' or the european parliament , and the latter has developed much faster than the former ( which currently has only the ` yellow card ' system ) . 
  and , to be fair , when taken seriously , the ep is the better option , but it 's an option which is objectionable in itself to a nationalist . 
   disregarding campaign shenanigans , the political class in general tends to be far better informed and far more grounded in reality than the majority of their voters , and this goes for all parts of the political spectrum . 
  this is a very rarely appreciated truth . 
  individual voters tend to live in ` filter bubbles ' , in which everyone they know agrees with them , and in which most of what they hear is themselves and their friends shouting . 
  they therefore tend to assume that politicians who do n't immediately do what they 're shouting for are `` out of touch '' . 
  politicians , though , work extremely hard to hear what * everybody * - every group of shouty voters , and the quiet ones as well - is trying to say , and work out what the * majority * want . 
  they listen extremely hard , because their jobs , their careers , depend on it . 
  where they fall down , perhaps , is in lacking direct experience of voters ' lives . 
  that does make them less aware of the incidental effects of policy and legislation , and can make them prey to their own filter bubbles . 
  but primarily it comes across in a discordant tone - like someone who agrees with you on something you feel strongly about but whose experience of it is so removed from your own that it annoys you to listen to them talk about it , when , aside from anything else , it 's * you * who should be talking . 
  in public discourse , we do n't just seek to have the right legislation , the right policy - we increasingly also seek to have our personal experiences validated , our personal passion vindicated , and our personal grievances seen for the monstrous injustices they patently are . 
  and in that sense the political class is out of touch - as they probably should be . 
   devon should ** succeed ** from the uk ... `` secede '' . 
  apologies !, 
   would have needed to be the first step . 
  that seems immediately obvious , but it 's worth thinking about what `` democratisation '' means in an eu context .
