  belgian revolution - jan van speijk ? 
  i 'd support that one . 
  the response :  zaporozhian cossacks to the turkish sultan !, 
   o sultan , turkish devil and damned devil 's kith and kin , secretary to lucifer himself . 
  what the devil kind of knight are you , that ca n't slay a hedgehog with your naked arse ? 
  the devil excretes , and your army eats . 
  you will not , you son of a bitch , make subjects of christian sons ; we 've no fear of your army , by land and by sea we will battle with thee , fuck your mother . 
   you babylonian scullion , macedonian wheelwright , brewer of jerusalem , goat-fucker of alexandria , swineherd of greater and lesser egypt , pig of armenia , podolian thief , catamite of tartary , hangman of kamyanets , and fool of all the world and underworld , an idiot before god , grandson of the serpent , and the crick in our dick . 
  pig 's snout , mare 's arse , slaughterhouse cur , unchristened brow , screw your own mother !, 
   so the zaporozhians declare , you lowlife . 
  you wo n't even be herding pigs for the christians . 
  now we 'll conclude , for we do n't know the date and do n't own a calendar ; the moon 's in the sky , the year with the lord , the day 's the same over here as it is over there ; for this kiss our arse !, 
  is n't it , though . 
  we 're probably due a period of radicalisation in european politics - there 's been a broad consensus for nearly a generation now . 
  something that breaks up piketty 's observed trend of capital winning out over labour would be nice , though , rather than resurgent nationalism . 
  it sounds a bit like the revenge . 
  no - four days ' battle , second anglo-dutch war . 
   i suspected something a bit more ... political political is often pretty simple and obvious . 
   yes , that 's why i think that forcing the debt restructuring discussion was n't a good idea at all . 
  by the time the first review will be due , northern politicians would also have a long list of implemented greek reforms to point to . 
  end of road reached , can successfully kicked into final goal . 
  death toll from sheer impatience possibly large . 
  ah but watching the horses swimming is the craic . 
   the current agreement includes a review of the debt situation after the first review of measures , which is expected for the end of this year . 
  the imf suggests 30 years of deferred payments ( including interest ) , which effectively is almost the exact same thing as a 50 % cut ( assuming the ecb manages a return to the 2 % inflation goal ) -- but too complicated for a bild article . 
  yes , saw that the imf had flagged that option , and it seems the most likely one to me . 
  the sustainability of greek debt always seems to me to be much higher than the popular mantra suggests . 
   since repayment for the european loans has already been deferred for ten years , approaching this now instead of then would make no economic difference at all , it would only make it politically more difficult to pass the parliaments . 
  sure - problem is that when things do n't pass parliaments , they do n't happen , so making it more difficult to pass parliaments is a big issue . 
   yeah so ask them to do it in 72 hours was necessary . 
  yep . 
  they need the money asap . 
  money wo n't be negotiated until after assurances have been given . 
  you know they can always reverse it . 
  not the bactrian camel . 
  they need the money asap . 
  they 've had years . 
   the 50 billion dollar privatisation fund in another country is unnecessary . 
  and seems increasingly unlikely . 
  afaik the german fund was an example of such a fund , and it 's been generally agreed that athens would be a better home for it . 
  on the other hand , the fund in question does already have three sub-funds jointly managed by the bank and the greek government , with greek funds going through to investment in greek smes , so the suggestion is not really as strange and outrageous as people are making out . 
   not this kicking the can down the road bullshit . 
  sometimes you have to kick the can down the road , because the solution you want is not possible at this point in the road . 
  currently we have two real options available right now - debt writedown and grexit . 
  nobody wants the latter , but the former is probably politically ( and quite possibly legally ) impossible at this stage . 
  ten years down the road , even five , it may become possible . 
  sure , the greek government would rather not endure can-kicking for that long , and commentators want some action/resolution now - the former is important , the latter frankly is n't . 
  greece does have the option to make a mess of any such long-term fudge , but i think it has been made clear to them that using that option just makes grexit a better one for everyone else . 
  the imf would also like early resolution - it 's not going to take a debt writedown , and a long-term fudge will lead to a constant headache in having to defend the situation to its members , most of whom do n't have a long-term stake in greece . 
  i do n't see anything intrinsically wrong with the `` extend and pretend '' strategy . 
  if there 's going to be debt relief down the road , the amounts at this point do n't make any difference anyway . 
  politically , can-kicking makes it possible that debt relief can happen , but it requires building the political will for it , and making whatever legal changes are needed . 
  those things ca n't be done overnight , so extending and pretending while they happen is necessary , however much people dislike the uncertainty . 
  the demands consist of : 1 . reforms 2 . guarantees 3 . parliamentary action to copper-fasten 1 & 2 what part of that strikes you as unnecessary ? 
   what europe needs right now are signposts , not weathercocks . 
  that 's what it usually needs - unfortunately , we 've somehow got ourselves to a place where there 's a loud public demand for politicians to do what 's wanted by the public from moment to moment , with anything else being decried as undemocratic . 
  every government does it , i think . 
  it was christened `` salami slicing '' in the uk - a thin slice off everything . 
  if you lay people off , or close services , people complain much more loudly than if they take a salary cut or the budget for the service is reduced . 
   it 's like you are negotiating with a street vendor ... what kind of mentality is this ? 
  it 's what happened in ireland 's bailout as well . 
  it makes sense - the government pushes back against reforms it does n't want to undertake , pushes forwards with reforms it does n't mind taking or wants to undertake . 
  for example , parts of our protected sectors - particularly the legal profession - were supposed to be opened more , but the government dragged its feet on those . 
  a reorganisation of the civil service to save money by cutting some areas entirely became an across the board reduction of salaries and budgets . 
  at the end of the day , the troika may have particular recommendations , but it ca n't enforce them - it relies on the government to carry them out . 
  as long as the government can meet the overall targets there 's not much the troika can actually do bar grumbling . 
  the problem is that greece seems to have overdone it . 
   and why are there capital controls ? 
  could it be because the ecb violated its charter as lender of last resort and illegally withdrew support for banks that itself had declared solvent three weeks ago ? 
  the ecb does n't have a charter as lender of last resort . 
  it has been forced into that role by the crisis to some extent , and many people feel it should be the lender of last resort , but it has no legal mandate for that role . 
  and `` solvent '' is n't simple . 
  the greek banks hold greek sovereign debt , which they 're using as collateral for the ela . 
  if greek debt is unsustainable , that sovereign debt is worth less than its nominal value , and ca n't be used as collateral for ecb ela . 
  without a bailout program , greek debt is definitely unsustainable , so no bailout , no ela . 
   it would allow greek industry to compete with imports . 
  if greek industry had that capacity , which apparently it does n't . 
  it could perhaps develop that capacity under the sting of poverty with a devalued drachma , but like everything else that 's supposed to come out of the `` leave euro and default '' strategy , you 're looking at a number of years down the line . 
  plus that 's kind of a mercantilist view of how best to do things . 
  greece would be better off finding something it 's good at , rather than local versions of things other people are good at . 
  and yet you have someone like varoufakis pointing out that he 's ignoring the details of the greek situation in favour of a generalised prediction unrelated to the country . 
  his comments on the irish situation were equally ignorant of the facts . 
  hard to see how even a genius could make useful analysis out of ignorance . 
  i 'm not decrying expertise as a general rule here - i 'm making the point that the opinion of a single expert is usually just that , an opinion . 
  if the expert has strong political convictions , their personal opinion is as likely to be a statement of political belief as the next person 's . 
  expertise does n't make people immune to their own opinions, 
  when a country has next to sod-all that would benefit from devaluation , it does n't require the use of a complex economic model to predict that the benefits from devaluation will be next to sod-all . 
  i 'm not sure what that means at all . 
   so we agree that your original point about inflation being double counted is not the case , right ? 
  i 'm not sure about it , to be honest . 
  i agree that a simple inflation-adjusted comparison of the two amounts is basically spurious , but not that the ratio of global gdp is any kind of appropriate adjustment factor , and i 'm not sure that gdp growth is sufficiently independent of inflation for you to multiply the two figures without a risk of squaring some shared element . 
  i 've done a fair bit of trying to find out what x amount of wealth at year y means in current terms ( for games programming , usually ) , and that sort of simplistic comparison is almost invariably misleading ( as is , of course , the original comparison you 're arguing against ) . 
  using something like gdp per capita would be safer - or conversion to some bedrock figure like what number of hours output per person the two figures represent . 
  no , you 're arguing from authority - claiming that because krugman won a prize for a particular piece of technical work in a particular field , he 's likely to be right across the board about anything remotely related to that field , no matter what . 
  and that 's not right , i 'm afraid . 
  it would n't be right even if we were talking about a field where there was a history of academics being able to make practically applicable and objective predictions and analyses , and here we 're talking about economics , which has a particularly bad record in that regard . 
  krugman 's framing of the greek situation has in fact been thoroughly political throughout , and he has frequently been ignorant of relevant facts . 
  his capacity in the matter is that of a writer of political opinion pieces trading on the authority of previous academic work . 
   you get the same result regardless . 
  and still it strikes me as pretty spurious .
