  the eu has been an embarrassment . 
  the terms of the greek programmes are not set by the commission . 
  they monitor and report - i 'm not sure in what way the monitoring and reporting is supposed to have been a disaster . 
  i also ca n't help but note your implied disclaimer of any greek responsibility . 
  the uk is voting on eu membership , not free movement . 
  come off it - will you really pretend that free movement is not a major issue in the eu vote ? 
   the reu ( and particularly ireland ) is heavily reliant on the uk 's trade er , no . 
  the eu is the uk 's major trading partner , but the uk is not the eu 's . 
  for example , germany is the uk 's largest trade partner in the eu . 
  the uk imports about $ 75bn annually from germany - but german intra-eu exports annually are $ 625bn . 
  the uk is therefore only 12 % of german intra-eu exports . 
  and germany only exports 57 % within the eu - its total exports are more like $ 1,100 bn , of which the uk is 6.8 % . 
  `` heavily reliant '' on uk trade that is n't . 
  ireland * is * more dependent , of course - the uk is about 25 % of our export market . 
  but we 're probably the most closely linked economy to the uk by quite a margin . 
   the eu is not fundamentally an institution that works well . 
  look how it is handling greece . 
  it is an embarrassing failure , causing misery and unemployment . 
  the eu is not `` the institution '' that is handling greece - a major part of the problem is that it is being handled intergovernmentally , with additional involvement by the ecb and the imf . 
  it has a two-year limit - if agreement is not reached in that time , there 's no agreement under that article , and negotiations can go on for as long as they go on . 
  it has also never been used . 
  as for a quick trade deal - it would have to include things that the uk would have effectively just voted against , like freedom of movement . 
  that makes it rather less likely to be quick . 
  and while i know you 'll just wave it away again , the point about the rest of the eu not wanting to encourage eurosceptics in their own countries by having the uk leave and be given access immediately is a valid one . 
  she 's also the most senior irish official in the commission , and there 's something of a drought of irish officials following her up the ladder . 
  during the celtic tiger , irish entries to the eu dropped pretty heavily , so we 'll be under-represented in commission officialdom as a result . 
  i know it 's not supposed to make any difference , but still ... 
   its not the same , personally i dont think losing gchq spying on eu and licking nsas ass would hurt the eu in the big picture ... one thing we can safely say a brexit will * not * result in is gchq giving up spying on the rest of europe . 
  if anything it will intensify , because they 'll lose a lot of formal and informal non-spying channels to what 's going on in the eu and europe , but it will continue to be of pretty paramount concern to them . 
   `` there is a strong link between the amount of money you spend and the number of meetings you get , '' said ti 's daniel freund in a statement . 
  you would kind of expect that - the more you spend on lobbying = the more lobbyists and lobbying time = the more meetings . 
  freund makes it sound like you can buy your way into meetings , which is not the case . 
  it 's more a case of being able to keep someone on the job for a week to arrange a meeting . 
  looks good , and also like a much-needed ` grand project ' . 
  the financial union elements , however , look relatively weak , and that 's a very likely source of any crisis . 
  when else are we likely to have the necessary political impetus ? 
  if we wait for the crisis to be fully over , everybody will just go `` eh , plenty of time to think about that later '' . 
   in other words , if greece was to propose anything in the eurogroup , they could be sure that germany would not agree to it . 
  i do n't think you 're reading that right . 
  he said :  he would then need to table it at the bundestag , thus negating its utility as a negotiating bid in other words , because any written submission has to be laid before the bundestag , it can not be a * negotiating * position . 
  the finance minister can not accept formal proposals from another government except with the permission of parliament - therefore any such proposal is effectively a final proposal . 
  so what he 's saying is that if the greeks want to * negotiate * - that is , to make an offer , hear a counter-offer , amend their offer , etc - then they must do so with the eurogroup as a whole at meetings intended for that purpose . 
  a written submission to a minister of finance has the nature of a final offer , and is therefore not usable as a negotiating position . 
  for a first-world economy , that is actually pretty hopeless , with very little value-added on what 's exported . 
  plus the amounts overall are not large . 
  it 's not an export-led economy , and devaluation would do very little for it except make living conditions even more miserable by raising the price of imports . 
   move to ireland man there 's huge demand for your skill set you 'd walk into a well paid job with your eyes closed . 
  do n't actually have your eyes closed , though - a lot of the tech companies have their offices around a big canal basin . 
  they 're nice like that , though . 
  bit of both , i would say , but more / u/gagatron 's than yours . 
  eurozone bond levels did n't come down until draghi said the ecb would do whatever it took to maintain the euro , and if anybody cared to go up against them , they 'd find they were n't bigger than the ecb . 
  up to that point , afair , we were watching italian and spanish bonds head north . 
  bailouts are a bit two-edged for bonds - yes , it staves off default , but it 's always possible that as part of the bailout there could be a forced debt resolution of some kind , as there was for greece . 
  so when countries start heading towards default-or-bailout territory , the people holding that country 's debt get nervous either way . 
  draghi making it clear that the ecb would - and could - print money for banks to buy government bonds pushed bond prices down , both because there was directly more competition for bonds , and because anyone holding bonds knew they 'd be able to offload them easily as a result . 
  plus it signalled that the ecb would probably act to protect sovereign bondholders in the event of a bailout , while with the ecb trading on the secondary bond markets there would always be a buyer for bonds at risk . 
  you could say that without greece , there 's no further realistic threat of default or enforced writedowns , which means that the ecb 's ` big bazooka ' becomes more effective rather than less . 
  that should mean bond prices going down . 
  sure , some major speculator could try to force a country out of the euro , but it would n't be a re-run of the uk erm debacle , because the countries would not be independently trying to defend a national currency and keep it in a tight exchange band with very finite foreign reserves - they 'd be trying to push bond prices up to force the country into deciding between a bailout and a default , against the ecb 's ability to lend money for bond purchases in a somewhat deflationary whole-eurozone environment , which is very large indeed . 
  and even if they succeeded , they 'd need to pick a country that was going to be as obstreperous as greece has been about bailout conditions - candidates might be spain under podemos , maybe italy under someone like 5-star , ireland under sinn fein , france under le pen . 
  politically , france under le pen , or italy under something desperately unstable would work best , but financially ireland would be easier . 
  whoever you chose , it would probably be as long a game as it has been for greece ( 5-6 years ) , which is way off the timescales for making money out of such an action . 
  you * can not * use these estimates to conclude that nigerians are sending back more than they ought to be able to , because the estimates are based on the ** assumption ** that * every * nigerian in ireland is earning about $ 54,000 a year . 
  this figure is barely even an ` estimate ' , it 's so hypothetical in nature . 
  this is where the figures are from , and how they 're produced :  3 ) the world bank used two datasets to construct the bilateral remittance matrix . 
  the first was un population division estimates of migrant stock by country of origin and destination , also used by this tool . 
  the second dataset used in the construction of the bilateral remittance matrix was remittance inflows data . 
  the remittance inflows data were constructed as the sum of three components in the imf 's balance of payments statistics : ( i ) compensation of employees , ( ii ) workers ' remittances , and ( iii ) migrants ' transfers . 
  a country 's total remittance inflows in a given year were allocated to its emigrant stocks , adjusting for the migrant sending and receiving countries ' per capita income . 
  http://www.migrationpolicy.org/programs/data-hub/charts/bilateral-remittance-flows so , to get the figure for ireland , you take all remittance flows into nigeria , wherever they may be from . 
  you divide that by the total number of nigerians abroad weighted for the per capita income of the country in which they 're resident . 
  what that means is that if there were only 2 ex-pat nigerians in the world , one of them in ghana , one of them in ireland , and together they sent back $ 100 a year to nigeria , the un would estimate that because ghana 's per-capita income is $ 1474 and ireland is $ 53,462 , the nigerian in ireland is sending back $ 97.32 of that - even if the guy in ghana is really sending all of it . 
  the irish contribution to the $ 100 is ` estimated ' by the following sum : ( 100 / ( 53,462 + 1,474 ) ) x 53,462 = 97.3169 what does this estimate have to do with what nigerians are actually sending home from ireland ? 
  not much . 
  the nigerian population of ireland could be sending nothing home , or 3 times the figure shown . 
  plus these are not net flows - in my example , the guy in ireland could be getting $ 100 a year * from * nigeria , and that does n't change the figure , because that 's a different flow . 
  so if you 've just used these figures to claim that nigerians in ireland are ripping off the system in some way , i 'm afraid you 've been badly misled by misunderstood statistical ` estimates ' that are not telling you anything that means that . 
  if 50 % of nigerians in ireland are n't working , they 're almost certainly not sending back anything anywhere of the order of magnitude of the un ` estimate ' . 
   what the syriza delegation thought at the time was that the creditor parties , well specifically the ec , who were themselves elected representatives , would see the need to change their demands based on the will of the greek people . 
  by this i mean that they would in their own experience understand the need to follow a democratic mandate and accordingly would n't force syriza to choose between fulfilling theirs and staying in the emu . 
   sort of a solidarity type act . 
  of course , the creditors just said ` you made promises you ca n't fulfill ' and conceded nothing , based on their perceived leverage . 
  or , in fact , based on their own democratic mandates . 
  the money they lend to greece is taxpayers ' money , if there 's a loss it 's a loss to their taxpayers . 
  the creditor governments are n't free to just hand money to greece , because it 's not their money they 're handing over . 
  the reason merkel is the most intransigent , for example , is because the german public is not at all in favour of their money being loaned to greece . 
  she is therefore duty-bound to be intransigent , as well as politically forced to be . 
  if it were up to the governments themselves , with no electorates to consider , i suspect they 'd be delighted to hand over enough money to `` sort the problem out '' , and everyone could stop having to have conferences and all those headaches - politicians are generally very happy to throw money at a problem until it goes away , and much prefer that approach to anything else . 
  that , in turn , is why the ecb has been so intransigent , because it knows that if the eurozone governments had their way , the ecb would be made to just print the necessary cash , and voila , everyone happy , great , let 's go home . 
  yeah , ireland here . 
  60 % for us too , please . 
  whatever the greek fella 's having . 
   so if you want a safe investment , you buy german bounds , if you want risk a bit more hoping for a higher return you invest in peripheral economies like mediterraneans . 
  and that what major european banks were doing , to the point that their investment in `` risky '' bonds/markets were higher than their total capitalisation . 
  i 'll take this point , because it 's a funny one , and one i was going to tack onto an earlier wall of text . 
  you say `` if you want risk a bit more hoping for a higher return you invest in peripheral economies like mediterraneans '' . 
  sure , that makes sense - and i guess if people are invested in high-risk high-return bonds you do n't feel sorry for them , because they knew the risks , right ? 
  but the thing is , those mediterranean bonds * were n't * high-return . 
  not during the initial euro period , anyway . 
  bond rates for all the eurozone countries converged rapidly once the euro started , and greek bonds were low-interest .
