  what hamburg believed about compliance was the issue . 
   this case perfectly undercuts the point that isds is faster than regular courts . 
  i do n't think anyone has ever claimed they are . 
  but if you mean the vattenfall moorburg case , it 's been settled now for several years ... and , again , i wonder about your grasp of what 's going on here . 
  do you think the eu case somehow reopens the isds case ? 
  it does n't , nor does it overturn it or change it in any way . 
  the isds judgement that the greens acted out of political motives remains what it was . 
   but it is irrelevant . 
  what the greens motivations were does n't matter . 
  they were right , they implemented stricter regulations for protection of marine life . 
  yes , i know you think that 's irrelevant . 
  it 's not , though . 
  as i said , as far as you 're concerned , anything that produces the `` right '' outcome is fine , but , again , it 's not . 
   as long as laws are enforced fairly the motivations behind them are totally irrelevant . 
  but hamburg 's government was not enforcing the laws fairly . 
  again , the fact is that hamburg 's government thinks the * current * conditions for moorburg are compliant with the directive , which means the same for the * original * conditions . 
  that , in turn , means the motivation for bringing in * new * conditions , as the greens did , was n't legal but political . 
  it was n't a fair enforcement of the law at all - it was an * arbitrary * increase in conditions which were already believed to satisfy the directive . 
  whether or not other conditions better satisfied the directive is n't relevant , because hamburg 's government clearly * never believed that better satisfying the directive was necessary , and still does n't * . 
  that 's what makes what the greens did arbitrary - they did n't believe they were legally required to do it , but they did it anyway , because they wanted to . 
  even by your own measures , you 're wrong about the case , not that it will make any difference . 
   if you are lobbying , what you are doing is trying to go beyond the above and ask for special treatment . 
  how do you go about that ? 
  mostly by providing material goods to politicians in exchange , like paying for their dinners , contributing to their election campaigns , etc. 
  in other words , you are bribing them to get preferential treatment . 
  mostly not , actually , because that stuff is morally questionable at best , and often simply illegal . 
  mostly what lobbyists really do is provide information , because legislators have to make a lot of very complex decisions on matters affecting complex issues , generally within a short timeframe and with no personal experience . 
  politicians pay attention to industry lobbyists primarily because they represent organisations that employ a lot of people and produce a lot of taxes - if they do n't , they 'll have a harder time getting heard . 
  i have friends who have worked as lobbyists for ngos , and that 's what they do for their salary - and they say that 's what the industry lobbyists do as well . 
  certainly there are always a few people who are so well-connected with politicians that they really do sit down for lunch with them ( they 're often their personal friends ) , or are so rich that they can afford to make campaign contributions , but they 're not what most of the lobbying industry consists of , and unless you decide to bar legislators from any personal contact or campaign contributions , you 're not ever going to close the door on those people . 
   on the other hand , if an ngo can just ask a politician directly to give them political support , the ngo is no longer bound by public support , even though they are living off public funds . 
  mm ... that does n't really work like that either . 
  again , what ngos mostly do is provide information , and politicians pay attention to the ngos because they have public support . 
  if a parliament is considering legislation on , say , net neutrality , would you regard it as inappropriate for industry groups and/or ngos to provide information to representatives regarding the impacts of the legislative proposals ? 
  and if you do , where do you suggest your representatives get their information from ? 
  at the end of the day , elected representatives are elected , and their value to special interests lies in the fact that they 're elected representatives . 
  to continue having that value ( and their jobs ) , they need to get re-elected , so at the end of the day , the public vote is what matters to them , not lobbyists , and it 's what matters to the lobbyists too . 
   how can you not understand this ? 
  the decision is/was not arbitrary if it was requiered by eu regulations . 
  given the lawsuit it is evident that the regulations in place were not in compliance because you 're wrong . 
  you portray the case as if hamburg somehow found out that the original conditions were n't sufficient to satisfy the directive , and instituted new conditions that did . 
  that is not what happened - - hamburg 's government did * not * institute the new conditions because they believed they were required to - they instituted them because they felt like it . 
  proof of that : hamburg/germany is fighting the commission case . 
  they believed they satisfied the directive in the conditions they imposed , and they believe the current conditions satisfy the directive :  a spokesman for the environment agency of the hamburg state government said the commission had signaled its intention last autumn . 
   `` we see our chances ( of winning ) as good as we think we have good arguments on our side , '' he said . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/26/us-energy-germany-eu-iduskbn0mm2fd20150326#hyyuhxzzwl45h55q.99 if germany believes that it has complied adequately with the directive in relation to the existing conditions , which are similar to the original conditions , then the institution of new conditions by the greens clearly was n't motivated by hamburg believing it had not adequately complied . 
   you are apparently not understanding the situation here . 
  the fact that the green party had political motives is irrelevant . 
  it 's not irrelevant , it 's the heart of the issue . 
  hamburg had a contract with vattenfall based on a set of conditions which hamburg thought would satisfy the eu directive . 
  the arrangements were entered into in good faith by both parties . 
  when the greens came in , they changed the conditions , not because they believed they had to , but because they wanted to stop the moorburg project . 
  their motivation was entirely political , not legal . 
  the isds judgement found the above , and hamburg 's government settled with vattenfall , rescinding the increased conditions . 
  the eu is now taking a case on the basis that hamburg did not satisfy the directives . 
  there are two separate issues here - whether hamburg satisfied the directives , and whether hamburg acted arbitrarily out of political rather than legal motives - but , as i already said , you do n't care about the `` details '' or the unfairness because as far you 're concerned the `` right '' result came out , so it does n't worry you how it came about . 
  it worries me , because accepting that arbitrary government actions are ok because you agree with them is accepting that arbitrary government actions are ok . that 's the basic difference here - to you , arbitrary acts of government are ok as long as they produce a result you agree with , to me they 're never ok . 
  got # 1 , ireland # 3 . 
  not bad ... 
   bribery , and its legal form , lobbying is completely unacceptable to me . 
  really ? 
  so you would oppose charities and ngos lobbying ? 
   which goes back to the problem that they were scrapped in the first place . 
  they were scrapped because they were applied for purely political ends , not because they were legally required . 
  the green party had no difficulty saying so . 
   considering 2/3 cases end in settlements or wins for the plaintiff i am repeating facts not beliefs . 
  no , you 're repeating an irrelevant `` new reading '' of the statistics by open democracy , which leaves out cases dismissed entirely at the first stage by the arbitration panel on the basis of jurisdiction.states are always the defending party in isds , dismissal of the case is self-evidently a win for the state . 
  pretending that outright dismissal of an isds case on jurisdictional grounds is anything other than a win for the state is nonsense - purely an attempt to spin the statistics . 
  you ca n't `` detect the bias of panels '' after leaving out the cases they dismiss , because it is the panels that dismiss those cases . 
   how many judges do the plaintiff appoint in a court ? 
  zero !, 
  so outright appointing 1/3 of the panel and having a hand in picking half of it creares an inherent bias . 
  how many arbitrators does the plaintiff appoint in non-isds arbitration cases ? 
  1 out of 3 , as in isds . 
  isds is not a court , it 's an arbitration system . 
   it is very important , if the eu can show that the regulations that were scrapped were in fact in compliance with the law , it shatters any belief that the regulation was discriminatory and politically motivated . 
  the eu case does n't relate to the conditions that were scrapped , though - having been scrapped , they 're not open to consideration . 
  it has to do with the existing conditions . 
  the eu winning its case would not prove what you think it would for that reason - it can not be a judgement on the conditions that the greens implemented , because those conditions are n't in force . 
   and as this lawsuit shows , a politically motived decision is not necessarily incorrect . 
  the hamburg decision was always * legal * . 
  that 's why isds exists as a recourse beyond national law , because the hamburg government were * legally * able to do what they did , but what they did was still expropriation . 
  any government can make its actions legal - that does n't prevent them being discriminatory/unfair and expropriation . 
  the russian government 's seizure of yukos was legal , because the russian government made it so . 
  you seem to be missing the whole point here . 
   since germany has now been running powerplants that are not in accordance with the law this is laughably false . 
  the hamburg government should have applied the law correctly in the first place . 
  they did n't , then changed their conditions on purely political grounds , then changed them back , and they 're still not right . 
   the appearance of political motivation is enough to sway a panel , ( that the company helps to appoint ) that the company has been wronged . 
  and so companies are awarded millions in compensation on the tax payers dime , we can simply say here that the statistics of isds cases show no such thing . 
  you 're doing no more than repeating your beliefs . 
   because some biased panel sigh . 
  three arbitrators , ok ? 
  one appointed by the company , one by the government , the third by mutual consent . 
  no bias in the numbers . 
  no bias in the panellists either - the belief that `` corporate lawyers '' would be automatically in favour of companies is simple and ignorant prejudice , the belief that they would find for companies in order to be hired again ignores the point that exactly the same is true of the government appointee . 
   decides that public health is less important than whether some company has suffered indirect expropriation no , they 're both important . 
  hamburg would have been in the clear throughout if they 'd been properly compliant throughout . 
   russia sizing all of an oil company seems like a case of proper expropriation so ... 1 case out of 650 or so ? 
  you 're not opposed to 100 % , but only to 99.85 % of them ?
