  sometimes they are right , more often they are wrong . 
  when they 're right , it 's important to look at their reasons for the prediction . 
  as far as i know , none of the economists who `` predicted the current euro crisis '' actually predicted the issues that have been found with the euro , as opposed to more generally saying `` it 'll all end badly because something something optimum currency area '' , which is n't a prediction but a mere statement of belief . 
  more broadly , there is really no such thing as a `` euro crisis '' . 
  there was a financial crisis , which affected many countries including those in the euro area . 
  the reactions of governments in the euro area were then constrained in particular ways as a result of the euro , but the crisis itself was nothing to do with the euro in origin . 
  as such , an economist who `` predicted '' that the euro would produce a crisis wins no points . 
  ideally , we 'd be looking for someone who predicted that the euro would cause such and such difficulties in the event of a financial crisis - but krugman is not , as far as i 'm aware , such a one . 
   do demographic changes account for the other shifts ? 
      like romanian / bulgarian / polish moving to the uk / depressing wages and in turn not earning enough for a living wage ? 
  uk poverty rates were falling from 2005-2008 , from 5.3 % in 2005 down to 4.5 % in 2008 . 
  ireland went from 5.5 % in 2008 to 7.5 % in 2015 . 
  i have no idea why it 's not included . 
  no , you 're correct . 
  british style accounting only considers ` accruals ' , money that has actually changed hands , whereas the french style has ` committed ' and ` spent ' . 
  if you 've paid for , say , half a year 's school fees , the british system takes no account of the other half whereas the french system would consider it as ` committed ' . 
  for the eu , some of this is for spending agreed but on which nothing has yet been done - say a programme of small business loans , as yet neither drawn down nor even drawn up . 
  some of it will be more concrete - the next three years of funding for a four-year project already one year under way . 
  how much of it is which would take quite a bit of digging ( which will probably be done ) . 
  the argument about it may turn on ` reasonable expectation ' . 
  the uk was there when the spending was agreed , and agreed the spending . 
  the government will probably argue that it did so with the implicit proviso `` as long as we 're an eu member '' , but the commission would presumably argue that the reasonable expectation of both parties at the time ( and therefore the commission 's ongoing position ) was continued membership , and that an implicit proviso is n't worth the paper it is n't even written on . 
  that 's pretty much normal practice . 
  i do n't see the lump sum option as really likely . 
  i 'm sure the final settlement will leave everybody dissatisfied , as is the way of such things !, 
  use imperial seconds ... 
  from a british accounting perspective , that 's largely true , although in some cases the contracts involved have already been signed . 
  either way , though , the money is committed to be spent , even if it has n't been handed over yet , and the uk agreed to those commitments . 
  and then being repaid if not needed . 
  but that 's only one option . 
  i think that 's because the list of assets is very detailed . 
  some idea of it :  britain 's exit obligations are expected to be offset by its share of eu assets . 
  in the eu 's accounts , the eu 's total assets amount to $ 8.6 billion of property , plant and equipment , and $ 13.9 billion of assets available for sale . 
   these cover an eclectic assortment of items , from $ 2.1 billion of galileo project satellites to the berlaymont commission headquarters , with a book value of $ 344 million , and an eu outpost in dar es salaam . 
  the eu also owns the former headquarters of the british conservatives in smith square , westminster . 
  so , yes , it does seem they 're already factored in . 
  i guess may might want her party 's old hq back ? 
   the 60bn estimate also includes significant payments towards theoretical eu bailouts . 
  source ? 
  no , found one , although it 's not exactly `` theoretical bailouts '' but `` contingent liabilities '' - if , for example , ireland defaulted on the loans it has from the efsm . 
  so , contingencies arising from defaults where the uk is a co-guarantor . 
   is there a breakdown of the 60 billion into how much uk should pay for what items available anywhere ? 
  the economist had a general breakdown :  the first , and largest , covers the gap between payments made in the eu 's annual budget and the larger `` commitments '' made under its seven-year budgetary framework , approved by britain and the 27 other eu governments . 
  this overhang has been steadily growing . 
  britain 's share of what eurocrats call the reste \u00e0 liquider ( or amount yet to be paid ) would be around $ 29.2 bn , mr barker estimates . 
  so that 's money already spent for stuff already done , but not yet paid . 
  not very arguable . 
   the second element covers investment commitments to be executed after britain leaves the eu in 2019 . 
  most of this is `` cohesion '' funding for poorer countries ( think motorways in poland ) . 
  mr barker reckons britain 's share could amount to $ 17.4 bn . 
  the government will struggle to explain why voters should be on the hook for payments made after brexit . 
  but the european commission will argue that britain 's approval of the current budget , which runs until 2020 , obliges it to cough up . 
  more arguable . 
   pensions make up the third component . 
  the liabilities for the eu 's unfunded scheme stand at over $ 60bn . 
  britain may be prepared to cover its own nationals . 
  but european officials insist that all liabilities are a joint responsibility , as eurocrats work for the eu , not their national governments . 
  this may be the fiercest row of all . 
  i presume the uk will argue for only covering british nationals , which would reduce the share . 
  but the other countries will , i suspect , resist the precedent that would set . 
   is there merit to the argument that uk owns eu ` assets ' that the eu would in turn have to pay for ? 
  assets such as ? 
   a similar analogy would be : you and i come into a contract to build a house of which we both would share for 500 euro . 
  you and i would contribute half of it and by instalments . 
  the construction started , and half way into the construction you decided to pull out . 
  a better analogy might be contracting with some other companies to rent a shared office for an agreed period , with agreed amounts for spending on a receptionist , rent , office maintenance etc. 
  halfway through the agreed term , you decide to move to another office . 
  you 'd like to simply walk away from the contract and not pay any of the remaining money , but usually that 's not going to happen . 
  you could say the same about members of parliament elected under list systems . 
  and the formation of the executive in most democracies follows the same pattern - they are appointed by the person invited to form the government , and accepted or rejected by the parliament . 
  requiring the executive to be formed out of elected representatives is not universal , nor necessarily the best method . 
   the commissioners are appointed rather than elected . 
  not quite . 
  they are proposed , then voted on . 
  the parliament holds up the ratification of the new commission if they do n't like a nominee . 
  that was our sinn fein meps voting against it . 
  i ca n't see our parliament voting it down , because sinn fein is a minor party in our parliament . 
  to a fair extent they did exactly that , though . 
  studies have been published by governments showing benefits , and beyond that , at least in ireland , there have been q&a s. 
  part of the problem , though , is that all economic predictions are based on assumptions , and are about a very complex system which contains agents capable of reacting in diverse ways about the new situation . 
  as such , the evolution of an economy under any given set of conditions is very hard to predict - the people doing the prediction would have to think of every possible reaction by every possible economic agent . 
  but in an informative way !, 
  no , really . 
  that is , they kept the public informed about matters that affected them as long as , and in such a way that , the matters were capable of solution within the existing paradigm . 
  however , the information given was relatively rarely outright lies - stories requiring that were generally just suppressed instead . 
  inflation depends on both the speed of circulation * and * the total supply , not just one or the other . 
  if the speed of circulation does n't change , a rise in total supply will still produce inflation . 
  the parliament has enough power now to make life difficult for the council , and the will to use it - as they did over the spitzenkandidaten issue . 
  i think it 's always unwise to underestimate an untamed parliament . 
  vorsprung durch technik , as they say in germany . 
  changes things a lot for the uk , which is a services exporter . 
  hmm , services , which are hugely helped by eu freedom of movement . 
  biotech and pharmaceuticals : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/irl/, 
  should rebuild hadrian 's wall and make the scots pay for it . 
  ireland seeing itself as regaining independence after 700 years suggests it does n't work that way ... 
  9th may is conveniently europe day , far enough away to get something organised by , and good weather possible even in the northern countries . 
  i 've read the book , and admit i find your claim entirely ridiculous . 
  i take your meaning , but still see a difference . 
  piketty 's analysis of capital is not a narrow model applicable within a larger structured model but a very broadly applicable piece of work based primarily on empirical data with limited assumptions . 
  piketty is a little more like a social historian there than an economist .
