  another very simple issue is that both the eu and the us have to agree to release consolidate texts , and the us classifies * all * trade documents , whatever their importance , and to date does n't accept that there 's actually wide public interest in them that balances its own preferences . 
  given how few people access what * is * available , they may have a point . 
   but like i said , whatever you want to call it we 're talking about the same thing so the point is moot . 
  it 's a meaningful distinction . 
  i 'd agree that `` a collection of first drafts of chapters '' * would * make a first draft of the overall agreement * if * all chapters have been negotiated . 
  but they have n't been - so , yes , i would regard any idea that there is a first draft of ttip as not true . 
  there is no such thing at this point , and wikileaks have had the pleasure of setting out a $ 100k reward there 's no chance of anybody collecting on . 
   we 're talking about releasing the documents already available to all negotiating parties ( example ) , not revealing secret positions that only one party knows about . 
  those documents * are * publicly available from the eu , though . 
  the one you link to from corporate europe , for example , is here : http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/april/tradoc_153403.pdf . 
  it is accessible from the eu 's ttip info page [ here ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1230#regulatory-cooperation ) . 
  it 's strange that people continue to complain that documents are n't available , and to cite leaked copies , when the documents are in fact available . 
  does it not seem reasonable to check the eu 's trade website for eu trade documents ? 
   that would still be a problem under a generalized mutual recognition agreement though . 
  if one assumes that the default choice will be to always allow what each side finds objectionable . 
  that seems rather less likely to me than the reverse . 
  they can only do that once there 's a treaty to publish . 
  currently , there is n't . 
  it 's also perhaps worth pointing out that despite the availability of a lot of ttip documents , very few people read them - see , for example , this alde mep 's [ blog ] ( http://www.marietjeschaake.eu/2015/08/blog-the-real-reward-in-ttip/ ) :  at the same time , the very small number of clicks on documents that are available online reveal that people do not just want to have access to information ; they want their voices to be heard she could well be correct there - it 's not really transparency we 're looking for . 
  alternatively ( or additionally ) , it may be that people have been told that the documents are not available , and therefore do n't even look for them from official sources before viewing a leaked copy and tutting . 
  same source :  any member of european parliament that has access to the texts under negotiation could theoretically leak . 
  however , wikileaks should be very suspicious if someone claims the 100,000 dollars , because there is no ttip text yet . 
   where are you getting the `` about one year '' figure from ? 
  according to the eff they claim 60 days , which is not enough for congress to thoroughly read through thousands of pages of treaty and understand the possible ramifications of it all . 
  ttip is n't going to be voted on just by the congress . 
  it will be voted on by the european parliament * and * 28 national parliaments . 
  the minimum estimate for that is a year just to organise all the debates and votes . 
  the eff is being a little parochial there . 
   i never said they `` ca n't see it before it 's voted on '' ( where in the world did you see that !? 
  ) , i said it was being fast-tracked . 
  that 's what you 're saying , practically speaking - that they wo n't have time to actually read it . 
   also , you 've failed to inform me how i can have my company present at the negotiations so that my company can also be involved in this treaty ( just like the billion dollar corporations are allowed to ) . 
  you ca n't get involved , and neither can they . 
  no companies are present at the negotiations , or privy to them . 
  i think you 're referring to the fact that the commission is * consulting * with industry groups during the negotiations - which is not the same thing , and applies to ngos as well . 
  if you 'd like to be consulted , your company should get itself recognised as able to speak for some large group of interests . 
   i do n't see how it implies that at all . 
  it implies that there is a draft , subject to change . 
  if i had a collection of ideas for a project proposal , some of which had been discussed with others , and most of which had not , with the former likely to change as a result of further discussions , i would n't call that a first draft . 
  i do n't think anyone else would either . 
   how can you say that those pushing to withhold facts from the public are the ones interested in a fact-based public discussion ? 
  it 's plainly contradictory . 
  because there are two different - and contradictory - motives at work . 
  first , the details of negotiations are kept under wraps because they 're negotiations - revealing them weakens your negotiating position with the people you 're negotiating with , both by revealing your real sticking points , and by allowing pressure groups ( and the other negotiating party ) to create sticking points . 
  so it 's in the interests of both negotiating parties to keep those details secret while negotiations are in progress . 
  second , the details of the negotiations will eventually be public before they 're voted on . 
  it would be in the interests of the negotiating parties to have as long as possible to dispel false claims and build a campaign on the facts rather than the fictions . 
  in ireland , we have a referendum on each new eu treaty . 
  the lisbon treaty returned a no vote first time round primarily because of some extremely effective and dishonest scaremongering ( speculation and lies ) . 
  the scaremongering was effective initially because the treaty text was n't available for the first 3 months of the campaign . 
  in the information vacuum , it was easy for no campaigners to simply make up scare stories . 
  even when the text came out , an eu treaty is a large and complex document written in legal language , and it took time to digest and understand . 
  during that period it was easy for no groups to pick a bit of scary-sounding legalese and claim it meant something truly dreadful . 
  it takes a lot longer to unpick and disprove those scare stories than it does to create them in the first place , and it can not be done in the absence of the text . 
  in the long run , the scare stories were unpicked , and there was a yes vote . 
  the same is the case with ttip . 
  the claim that isds will allow this , that , or the other horrific scenario can not possibly be dispelled entirely without seeing what safeguards are in the text to prevent such scenarios , and whether the isds mechanism in the text would allow for such scenarios . 
  the same for regulatory cooperation , protection of the right to regulate , protection of existing standards , etc. 
  at the moment , the anti-ttip campaign can make up unlimited stories about the concrete outcomes of ttip - that it will allow this awful thing , prevent that good thing . 
  the pro-ttip side is limited to bleating about the probable economic benefits of free trade generally , which is weak , and , importantly , does absolutely nothing to counter the scary stories coming the other way . 
  the supposed economic benefits - the only card the pro-ttip side has - actually works against it , since it 's presented as the motive for allowing all the supposed dreadful things that ttip is to cause . 
  so , yes , from a political point of view , the pro-ttip side has a strong motive to have the text out there . 
  from a practical point of view , it ca n't do so . 
  i think both sides can easily cherry-pick a couple of things they think are worse handled in the other jurisdiction . 
  but to go from that to the belief that the other jurisdiction is therefore much worse requires a thick set of blinkers . 
   think you 're splitting hairs with semantics . 
  we 're both talking about the same thing , whatever you want to call it . 
  no , because `` first draft '' implies that there 's a clear general shape to the agreement , which is n't the case . 
   clearly , from a pro-ttip point of view , a fact-based public discussion is to be avoided as much as possible . 
  the opposite , for the reasons you just gave yourself . 
  there 's a big anti-ttip campaign already , and it 's based on the speculation and lies - it 's obviously not based on the text of ttip . 
   sit back and let our representatives put the treaties into law to benefit the wealthiest people in the nation at our expense ? 
  hold up . 
  you 've jumped from `` ca n't see it while it 's being negotiated '' to `` ca n't see it before it 's voted on '' there . 
  the former is true , the latter is not . 
  there will be a period of about a year after ttip is finalised ( if it ever is ) for anyone and everyone to read it before parliaments ( including congress ) vote on it . 
   i assume you mean the final draft ? 
  the first draft would have been finished years ago . 
  no , there is n't a first draft yet . 
  that 's not how trade deals work - nothing is agreed until everything is agreed , because anything and everything can be traded against something more important at any point . 
  ttip is being negotiated by ` chapters ' - that is , by areas of trade . 
  so at this stage there will be first drafts of some of the chapters - but any of them can be re-opened during the course of a further chapter and change form completely . 
  so while from the eu 's perspective it would be much better for the public discussion to be based on some kind of real and enduring document ( because speculation and lies can easily be made worse than anything that 's actually possible ) , it ca n't be until there 's a completed agreement in all chapters , because until that point there are no real or enduring documents . 
   we care about ttip , those others we are n't involved in . 
  to clarify , he 're referring to the eu deals with those countries , currently or recently negotiated . 
  we 're exactly as involved as we are in ttip . 
  stronger environmental legislation in many areas , as well . 
  i 'm not sure when this massively biased view become prevalent - some time over the last 20 years , probably under the bush administrations . 
   she 's not a demagogue , she does n't promise the world , but she is definitely a populist . 
  if it 's not in the newspapers and the polls are n't right , it 's not on the government 's agenda . 
  that 's not populism . 
  that 's just poor quality democratic leadership . 
  populist leaders do n't just `` do what the people want '' - they see themselves as embodying the will of the people . 
  that 's a hugely important difference , because from it flow a variety of other bad things . 
  if you 're embodying and translating into action the `` will of the people '' , then rules that prevent you doing so are bad rules , institutions that act at cross-purposes to you are bad institutions , and people who think differently are bad people . 
  democracy is not about `` the will of the people '' - it is a way of aggregating the wishes of individuals , which is completely different . 
  it recognises that `` the people '' is actually made up of lots of different opinions , lots of different priorities , lots of different groups , and it has a lot of rules and procedures to ensure that even when a majority is in favour of something , it is not only possible for people to oppose it , but it is a vital part of democracy that they should do so . 
  it accepts that there are proper limits on what can be done and who can do it , and that sometimes something can not be done despite its popularity because it is wrong to do it . 
  populism rejects all those things . 
  there is one `` people '' , one `` will '' , and anyone not for it is just plain wrong .
