  neither of those see there as being any automatic right to compensation - the music industry 's self-serving opinion that there should be is irrelevant to such rights . 
   i 've made it very clear why i think these ` rights owners ' are not due compensation . 
  please explain to me how it 's possible for a government to pass legislation that causes the deaths of hundreds if not thousands of the poorest without any obligation to provide compensation , . 
  where governments ( in democratic countries ) have been found to have caused or allowed harm to their citizens , they do pay compensation - such cases are legion . 
   but yet must provide compensation to allow the most trivial of basic rights to its citizens personal copying exceptions are n't enshrined as a right in the uk . 
  your view of them as a right is something i agree with , but is , like the music industry 's views , legally irrelevant . 
   no company has a right to be protected against the ` harm caused ' to their shitty business from a change in the law . 
  why not ? 
   i do n't know what more i can say to make my point clearer . 
  that 's a pity , because your point is not very clear . 
  the music industry got compensation because they were deprived of a legal use of their property by a law which was found to have been improperly created . 
  the issue is not , as you seem to think , that they were deprived by law , the problem is that the law that deprived them was improperly made , making it a non-law . 
  had the government * properly * formed the law that deprived the music industry of private copying revenues , there would be no compensation . 
  as far as i can see , the point you 're making depends on the way you 've confused the origins of the compensation . 
   he 's an alternative character but that by no means makes him a bad one . 
  in my book it certainly would n't . 
   shares tons of information about what he 's doing , why it 's important etc. 
  how often do you see any other elected representatives doing what he does ? 
  as often as ming , if you follow their social media pages , websites or press - the choice of media tends to follow from the age of the politician and their voting base . 
  publicising what one is doing is basic function of being an elected politician . 
   standing up for transparency and being an all round decent politician makes him a populist ? 
  no , being a populist makes him a populist . 
  not everyone will see a populist as a populist - presumably they would n't get elected if that were the case . 
  in this case , ming 's video is more or less a copy ( admittedly funnier ) of one by matt mccarthy on the same issue , and matt 's is a copy of similar videos by other meps from gue/ngl - the ep group to which both matt and ming belong . 
  if this is the first time you 've seen such a video , i can only conclude that you do n't really follow news from politicians as a general rule . 
   this certainly seems to include profitability . 
  i think you 'll find that `` enjoy '' means `` use without harassment '' . 
   no , it did n't . 
  `` the government '' is not a single monolithic entity just like `` the market '' is n't . 
  you do n't say that the entire market is corrupt and responsible if a single company tries to bribe an official . 
  but you can very much say that bribery does not establish a legitimate basis for doing business , and it 's what every court * will * say . 
  bribery establishes a criminal relationship , not a legitimate one . 
   it 's often argued that corruption is an expected and necessary cost of doing business . 
  and any court will dismiss that argument as the self-serving twaddle it is . 
  ming 's just a populist from a rural constituency . 
  like every mep , he 'll be voting on ttip , so this is pure grandstanding . 
  he 's a climate change denier and all round conspiracy nut - we need more of him like we need more donald trumps . 
   thank you for your level-headed and informative answer . 
  i honestly expected an irate rant about investor rights . 
  i do n't really see investors as having automatic rights - * caveat investor * seems not unreasonable to me - but if one * wants * to encourage companies to invest in one 's country , some kind of recourse to a non-national court for compensation is hardly the outrageous assault on democracy it 's being made out to be through polemic and misinformation . 
  on the contrary , as is usually the case , the governments writing the treaties made sure that while it can be used against them when they were at fault , it 's no monty hall for corporations . 
  they have tax breaks for that . 
   i , personally , have always thought that we should n't allow nuclear power as long as there is no solution to the final treatment of the wastes . 
  i admit that personally , i do n't see nuclear waste as a serious issue at all . 
  the world dumps many multiples of nuclear waste output in war waste , which is in many cases as significantly lethal and insidious as nuclear waste , yet we 've managed to survive it . 
  chernobyl 's post-accident progress even suggests that dumping it in a big concrete pile and drawing a huge exclusion area round it would probably be one of the best possible things we could do for wildlife conservation . 
  ( please do n't take me up on that one - i 'm not * entirely * serious ) . 
  climate change , now that 's a serious issue . 
  as long as germany replaced its nuclear with renewable , that 's fine , but otherwise , frankly , it 's a big retrograde step on the more important issue for the sake of a relatively trivial but emotive one . 
   although they do already face legal backlash from the energy companies , i fear such a political decision which overturned years of defending the opposite point of view would have been much more difficult if it were easier for companies to sue governments . 
  well ... vattenfall is in fact suing under an isds mechanism , which is part of the energy investment treaty . 
  which is a major point , because for all i 've seen many people repeating `` chilling effect '' as if it were something real and proven , it is n't . 
  if it were , apparently germany would n't have phased out nuclear power , because they * knew * energy investments were subject to the isds mechanism in the energy investment treaty . 
  they also must have known vattenfall would sue - after all , they already lost an isds case to vattenfall , over the moorburg plant . 
  so either they knew those things , and went ahead anyway , which suggests the supposed `` chilling effect '' is moonshine - or they went ahead in ignorance , which suggests exactly the same . 
  if anyone can point me to * any * evidence for the `` chilling effect '' , i 'd be interested to see it . 
   cigarettes , asbestos , ddt , climate change ... countries should be free to take a decision to protect their people even before the scientific discussion is still evolving . 
  they should certainly be free to take a decision to protect their citizens on the basis of the current best available scientific knowledge , because complete certainty in science is very rare . 
  however , they ca n't be free to always claim they 're `` protecting their people '' on the basis of less than that , otherwise you 're opening the door to all kinds of crackpot actions . 
  importantly , the ` big issue ' policy areas are n't generally something that offers a company scope for a winning isds case . 
  while philip morris will * take * a case wherever it can , it is not going to win them at this stage of the tobacco war , and has not done so . 
  so , as far as i can see , isds mechanisms have n't impeded major policy shifts in countries using them . 
  instead , isds seems to have done exactly what it is supposed to do - provided compensation for actual losses where government acts have involved essentially arbitrary reversals of implicit or explicit contracts . 
  it 's not isds that prevents the us government signing climate change agreements , it 's the lobbying and pr power of the fossil fuel industry and the ignorance of many of their domestic legislators . 
  the difference in terminology exists because the effort , organisation , motivation , etc are quite different at the larger scale . 
   so please find out if your government supports or is against ttip and the way it 's being handled . 
  as you say , the original negotiating mandate agreement in june 2013 would be non-regulatory , so the vote is not public . 
  the mandate was also classified at the time . 
  however , i think you have to make the assumption that if there were any major objections to the mandate , it would not have gone ahead at that point , so you can assume at least tacit consent on the part of all the member state governments . 
  what we do know about is the decision on whether to declassify the mandate , which probably gives some indication of whether governments support the general secrecy approach to ttip . 
  and there we find :  but in the end , eleven member states voted against the publication of the mandate , including the majority of eastern accession countries , nordic member states and ireland the the uk . 
  germany , france , belgium and austria voted in favour . 
  http://ttip2016.eu/blog/eu%20mandate%20transparency.html that 's an odd mix of countries . 
  i 'm not surprised to see ireland there . 
   only common goods are acceptable ( justice system , army , even roads and similar infrastructure ) . 
  society is a common good . 
  the cases cited there are being misrepresented . 
  the same cases were cited by the huffington post , so i might as well just link to my post about those cases : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4g7jbe/today_are_the_presidential_elections_in_austria/d2gijkq in very brief , though :  ethyl , a u.s. chemical corporation , successfully challenged a canadian ban on imports of its gasoline that contained mmt , an additive that is a suspected neurotoxin . 
  the canadian government repealed the ban and paid the company $ 13 million ( approximately $ 8.8 million ) for its loss of revenue . 
  no , the canadian ban was n't repealed on foot of the company 's challenge . 
  it was repealed because canadian * states * successfully challenged it under canada 's internal trade laws . 
  canada settled with ethyl because the federal government was therefore responsible for introducing a faulty law :  further to a challenge launched by three canadian provinces under the agreement on internal trade , a canadian federal-provincial dispute settlement panel found that the federal measure was inconsistent with certain provisions of that agreement . 
  following this decision , canada and ethyl settled all outstanding matters , including the chapter eleven claim . 
  the possible toxicity of mmt is not really relevant . 
  ***  s.d. 
  myers , a u.s. waste disposal firm , challenged a similar ban on the export of toxic pcb waste . 
  canada paid the company over $ 6 million ( approximately $ 4 million ) . 
  again , the toxicity of pcb is n't relevant , because canada allows pcb waste export to the us - what canada did was change the export rules to try to give canadian companies an advantage over a particular us company with a canadian subsidiary . 
  ***  new jersey-based bilcon construction is demanding $ 300,000 ( approximately $ 200,000 ) in damages from the canadian government after winning a nafta challenge when its plan to build a massive quarry and marine terminal in an environmentally sensitive area of nova scotia and ship basalt aggregate through the bay of fundy , site of the highest tides in the world , was rejected by an environmental assessment panel . 
  the issue was not , in fact , environmental sensitivity , and the project was not rejected on that basis . 
  the canadian government had repeatedly urged and encouraged bilcoin to make the investment , but it was rejected on the basis of `` community core values '' which , however relevant , are not legally part of eia process . 
   the basis of liability under chapter eleven is that , after all the specific encouragement the investors and their investment had received from government to pursue the project , and after all the resources placed in preparing and presenting their environmental as-sessment case , the investors and their investment were not afforded a fair opportunity to have the specifics of that case considered , assessed and decided in accordance with applicable laws . 
  so , again , government encourages company to invest , government assures company that they 'll get a fair hearing at the eia , eia turns down the project on the basis of something that 's not supposed to be part of the eia . 
  company sues the government for wasting its time and money . 
  ***  chemical giant dow agrosciences used nafta to force the province of quebec , after it banned 2,4-d , a pesticide that the natural resources defence council says has been linked in many studies to cancer and cell damage , to publicly acknowledge that the chemical does not pose an `` unacceptable risk '' to human health , a position the government had previously held . 
  if the science behind the government 's position were solid , they could n't have lost this one . 
  ***  the canadian government paid american pulp and paper giant abitibibowater $ 130 million ( approximately $ 88 million ) after the company successfully used nafta to claim compensation for the `` water and timber rights '' it left behind when it abandoned its operations in the province of newfoundland and labrador after 100 years , leaving the workers with unpaid pensions . 
  this challenge is particularly disturbing because it gives a foreign investor the right to claim compensation for the actual resources it used while operating in another jurisdiction . 
  the problem here is that the government appropriated all abitibibowater 's properties and set itself up as the only judge of how much they were worth :  the claimant owned several assets in newfoundland and labrador including properties ( such as timber mills and hydroelectric generation facilities ) and vested rights and entitlements ( such as water use rights and timber licences ) . 
   in the fall of 2008 , faced with operational and financial difficulties , abitibibowater undertook an action plan to cut costs and restructure the company .
