   unsurprisingly , this happens in the real world too ( though obviously not in all social circles ) . 
  not even in all socially equivalent circles , apparently - are you north or south london ? 
  i generally find down south ( or ` saaaf ' ) euroscepticism would be alive and well - but then i know people who 'd be happiest with london as a city-state . 
   to close the gap with the yes-europe vote , the no-europe vote would need an extra 30 % of `` closet euroskeptics '' , which is much much more . 
  also , why would you be a ` closet eurosceptic ' in the uk ? 
  it 's not like it 's some kind of highly unpopular or unusual opinion . 
  ` closet europhiles ' seem more likely , and ` closet federalists ' even more likely , although in the uk they can probably all fit in just the one closet . 
   actually per capita the bigger countries do very well . 
  it depends how many of those infringements you can really associate with a higher population . 
  none , really . 
  the point of eu legislation is that it applies to all member states , so each member state is affected by the same amount of eu legislation . 
  there is no justification for a per-capita division . 
   they also should have dropped the coalition before the bail out , they would have gotten a lot of respect . 
  well , less hate & derision , certainly . 
  from non-ff voters , anyway - ff voters would have regarded it as a heinous betrayal . 
  the greens ' point of view seems to have been that they 'd made an agreement to support ff in government , and nothing had happened at that point to let them renege on it with honour . 
   he did n't ` stand and get re-elected ' , he resigned and then the party refused to accept the resignation . 
  you 're going to hear this one a lot , i 'm afraid . 
  our green party leader back in 2007 said he 'd never lead the party into coalition with fianna f\u00e1il ( traditionally the main party of government ) . 
  the party voted to go into coalition with fianna f\u00e1il , the green party leader resigned , and the green party duly went into a coalition in which he accepted a ministry . 
  nearly eight years later he 's still regularly derided as not having come through on his pre-election promise . 
   those are n't the people we need to address , as their votes are guaranteed . 
  it 's surprising how often in politics that important point is overlooked . 
  winning is about carrying the centre . 
  the point is more that if voting snp is a mandate to seek independence ( which the snp are pretty explicit about ) , then the snp now have a stronger mandate to seek independence than they did before the no delivered by the referendum - which many would have expected to weaken the snp , not strengthen it . 
  the same could be the case in an eu in/out referendum - even if it delivers a no , it does n't spell the end for pro-exit politicians . 
   imo we will remain in , and after the referendum ukip will essentially die as a party ( yay ) . 
  i think the point being made is that if the referendum delivers a no , then those people who strongly believe that the uk should leave will be more inclined to support the only political party that promises a * definite * exit . 
  the fate of ukip would then be determined by just how large that constituency is , and , again , the point being made is that a referendum will tend to crystallise currently weak/fuzzy noes into strong noes . 
  from experience with referendums , though , that effect is temporary - it would be important at the next election if the next election is within 2-3 years ( as it will be under normal circumstances ) . 
   they were voted in by 1,500,000 people out of 4,200,000 people . 
  so no , it is n't . 
  that 's roughly the same proportion as voted for the tories . 
   by `` signed that treaty '' i meant `` ratified it in parliament '' , which it did . 
  well , yes , but `` ratified in parliament '' does n't mean the same in the uk as it would in most countries . 
  hmm . 
  at all , really . 
  first off , parliament does n't actually ratify treaties - they are ratified by being laid before parliament , and parliament not objecting to them . 
  second , that ratification is not binding on any successive parliament . 
  third , and most importantly , the ` ratification ' by parliament expressly does ** not ** make the requirements of the treaty applicable in uk law - a separate act of parliament is required to achieve that . 
   what is that supposed to mean ? 
  when a new country signs the treaty nothing is broken anywhere . 
  i mean that a temporary failure to properly apply the convention is clearly not grounds for being considered no longer party to it . 
  do n't think we do , or if we do they 're so small they ca n't be seen . 
  our `` extreme right '' would be extreme social conservatives rather than nationalists , and our extreme nationalists are left-wing progressives . 
  lack of an outgoing military history probably explains it - the whole flags and uniforms thing looks kind of silly when you 're a small unarmed neutral country . 
  possibly that whole paradigm is mentally associated with the uk in distinction to us . 
   edit : i just found out that this act of 1998 apparently makes the echr law in the uk ? 
  did uk never ratify the treaty ? 
   that 's not true . 
  your parliament of 1949 signed that convention , it is law in the uk and your current parliament can certainly leave the convention , but it can not have it both ways . 
  international law is not binding in the uk unless the parliament passes a domestic act enabling it . 
  it works like this :  the british government by virtue of the royal prerogative has power to enter into international treaties that bind the state . 
  however , the doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty implies that no alteration of the rights of british citizens and all the other individuals within the uk can be done without the parliament 's consent . 
  these rights can be altered only by acts of parliament . 
  for that reason , if the uk does not want to be in breach of its international obligations , the parliament has to incorporate international law into uk law by enacting acts . 
  so , yes , the fact that the uk has signed up to a treaty does not mean that the treaty is * applicable * in the uk - that only happens if the parliament has passed uk legislation making it applicable . 
  without such enacting legislation you can not avail of the law/rights enshrined in the treaty in a uk court . 
  if parliament does not pass such enacting legislation then the uk is indeed in breach of its treaty commitments . 
  whether that means the uk is no longer party to the treaty in question is not settled by that failure , though - after all , whenever someone successfully applies to the echr , the success necessarily involves a breach of the convention by a country which is party to it , which therefore happens regularly without countries being considered no longer party to the convention . 
  so a situation in which the echr is inapplicable in the uk even though the uk remains party to the echr is clearly quite possible . 
  a similar situation holds in ireland , except in respect of eu law :  ireland is a dualist state , article 29.6 of the constitution providing that international agreements have the force of law to the extent determined by the oireachtas . 
  this means that international treaties entered into must be incorporated into domestic law by legislation before they are applicable within the state ( for example , incorporation of the vienna conventions on diplomatic and consular immunities was effected by the diplomatic relations and immunities act 1967 ) . 
  the exception to this is european community law , which , under the terms of article 29 of the constitution , has the force of law in the state . 
  this means that any law or measure , the adoption of which is necessitated by ireland 's membership of the european union , may not , in principle , be invalidated by any provision of the constitution . 
   why would the uk want to speak with the same voice as germany any more than we would want to speak with the same voice as canada ? 
  or america , of course . 
  would n't want * that * . 
   it 's notorious in the eu for its euroscpeticism , because the rest of the continent is a lot more consistently europhile , not because the rest of the continent is more objective . 
  i 'm not really sure at that point that ` objective ' is a meaningful term . 
  obviously , if the rest of the continent was , for the sake of argument , 100 % pro-eu ( what would that even mean , though ? 
  ) , and the uk only 90 % pro-eu , the uk would be the most eurosceptic country - but if the rest of europe were 60 % ` pro-eu ' and the uk 65 % , then it would be the least eurosceptic country , even though it would be more eurosceptic than its alter-world counterpart . 
  obviously , with such a shift in perceptions possible , it 's hard to state ` euroscepticism ' objectively - you might regard a story as europhilic where i 'd see it as eurosceptic - which is , i accept , your original argument , but on the other hand , it also voids your original criticism of my point , since what i say is as true for me as what you say is true for you ... angels , meet head of pin . 
  what i think i can say is that the uk press is more likely to make up negative stories about the eu than any other national press - most euromyths ( i admit , i sort of collect them ) are british in origin , and specifically from the uk press . 
  one might argue that the uk press ( particularly tabloid and telegraph ) is simply more likely to make up stories overall , but that does n't change the fact that the uk press is the most consistent generator of such stories in europe . 
  that 's a telling point , i would say , because such stories - an example is that the eu was banning the sale of home-made cakes at fairs , which simply had no basis in reality at all - can not in any light be interpreted as anything but deliberate negative coverage of the eu . 
  to my knowledge , the uk press has * never * made up a positive story about the eu . 
   could you explain to me how the eu 's position on acta , ttip , ceta , maternity directive or tobacco products directive would have changed with different parliamentary election results ? 
  in most of those cases , a larger epp/alde/ecr ( right ) grouping would pretty much have ensured the legislation passing , while a bigger s&d / gue-ngl ( left ) grouping would have meant pretty certain defeat . 
  looking , again , at ttip , the epp , alde , and ecr are pretty guaranteed supporters ( with some defections probable ) , while gue-ngl are a definite no , and s&d a probable no . 
  since the epp/alde/ecr bloc is n't a majority , ttip is n't definite - and even within that , alde meps will probably scatter somewhat . 
  a bigger epp would have meant that the tobacco products directive - plain packaging , ban on menthol cigarettes , e-cigarettes licensed through pharmacies - would have been much more tobacco company friendly . 
  on the other hand , there 's a more general point in what you say , which is that the social democratic left is increasingly hard to distinguish from the centre right - there 's a broad consensus on stuff like economic management ( fuck knows why , given the shit such economic management landed us in ) and other major issues that would n't have been the case thirty years ago - and on the other hand , many of the issues which now face us are n't really so clearly placed on the right-left spectrum anyway . 
   i know the parliament is more powerful than it was , but i frankly do n't see much difference between the leadership of the epp , pes or alde in the ep . 
  they all seem to just want to bring more powers to the eu level and expand the eu budget . 
  i do n't really see how they can `` bring more powers to the eu level '' , since the ep has no input to the process whereby national powers are delegated to the eu - but there never was a parliament that was opposed to more powers for itself , as far as i 'm aware , so i 'm sure it 's true despite its pointlessness !, 
  on the eu budget , while meps were opposed to cuts ( again , like any parliament ) , they voted through the cuts in the new budget , which was the first time they had a vote on it , whereas previous expansionary budgets have been voted through by the national governments , each of whom has a veto . 
  so , if one were to look at the actual history , every expansionary eu budget has been agreed by the national governments alone , and the one vote the ep has taken passed a contracting budget . 
  and , to be entirely fair , the eu got its budget cut at a point where it had taken on more responsibilities via lisbon . 
  i 'm not sure you can * really * take opposition to cutting budgets as a dedication to expanding them - a fair bit of the opposition from the parliament was about * where * cuts were made , rather than that there should be no cuts . 
   i think this is something that comes from your perspective . 
  pro-eu people feel that eurosceptics have a free run , while eurosceptics feel like the media is heavily biased towards the pro-eu side . 
  for what it 's worth , when clegg and farage debated the eu issue , most of the viewers sided with farage . 
  certainly perspective will have some effect , but the uk 's media is notorious abroad for its euroscepticism , and i 'd be looking at it from an outside perspective myself . 
  i can certainly point out that only in the uk ( and i think denmark ) does the commission have a page dedicated to regular rebuttals of euromyths from the national media . 
   also , give the parliament legislative initiative . 
  the current arrangement is a mess . 
  i 'd be against that - you 'd have legislation introduced for the sake of grandstanding and vote-winning , plus legislative initiatives which do n't even fall under the eu 's remit , which is n't anything we need . 
  sure , it looks like you can just say `` give parliament legislative initiative '' and you 've solved some major democratic flaw , but the eu 's constitutional architecture is actually * better * than the system in most parliamentary democracies , where the government ( which has the effective right of legislative initiative , not the parliament ) is constituted from parliamentarians with a majority in the parliament - if you think about it , that actually reduces parliaments to rubber-stamp chambers . 
  the eu 's arrangement , which separates the executive from the legislature , means that legislative proposals have to face a real democratic challenge .
