  but i have to say that looking at the transcript of the revenue-apple meetings at which apple 's tax bill was decided , i ca n't really see how one can see it as anything but an arbitrary arrangement , and one specific to apple . 
  well , this is a starting point : https://piie.com/blogs/trade-investment-policy-watch/what-do-data-say-about-relationship-between-investor-state i 'm tempted to say that * obviously * isds provisions would n't be in treaties without some kind of solid body of evidence for their * net * benefits - but of course there 's nothing obvious about it , and you 're right to enquire . 
  however , there is in fact such a body of evidence . 
  by the way , referring back to the economist article :  there are several reasons for the sharp rise in contentious arbitrations , says lori wallach of public citizen , a watchdog group . 
  companies have learnt how to exploit isds clauses , even going as far as buying firms in jurisdictions where they apply simply to gain access to them . 
  arbitrators are paid $ 600-700 an hour , giving them little incentive to dismiss cases out of hand ; the secretive nature of the arbitration process and the lack of any requirement to consider precedent allows plenty of scope for creative adjudications . 
  there 's an even better reason for the sharp rise , and one which mysteriously fails to get a mention here - the failure of the doha round of the wto and the consequent sharp rise in the number of bilateral and multilateral investment treaties containing isds provisions . 
  almost as if more treaties with isds leads to more isds cases ... and in fact if you graph the relationship it 's pretty clearly so . 
  now , either ( a ) the author was unaware of that , or ( b ) chose not to mention it . 
  the former casts some doubt on their research , the latter on their bias . 
   that one is still out and i would be more on a position described here i think you 're thinking of the second vattenfall case , which is certainly what the economist piece refers to . 
  the first one was settled , and is the one i 'm referring to . 
   furthermore , do n't you think it would be detrimental for any legislative process to have to justify any decision that could be seen as interfering with business decisions ? 
  perhaps it would , but since that 's not what 's actually happening , i ca n't really see the relevance . 
   but it is clearly an intersting case with vattenfal . 
  the public decided that using fision energy is too much a risk . 
  now it has to pay . 
  yes , because its decision is arbitrary . 
  no new risk information came to light - the fukushima case is completely irrelevant , unless there 's some area of germany i 'm unaware of that is subject to tsunamis . 
  so the public got a bit scared , the politicians decided to cater to that , and somebody has to pay the costs of the decision . 
  why should it be people who neither made the decision nor on whose behalf the decision was ostensibly made , but who had spent money in good faith and would now lose it ? 
  the public still gets what it wants , the politicians still get their electoral boost - it 's just that investors do n't get shafted in the process . 
   having the risk transfered to the public is n't beneficial for the public . 
  that 's a simple cost-benefit exercise , then . 
  if the public benefits from extra investment brought in through the comfort factor of an isds mechanism outweigh the costs of isds to the same public , then isds is worthwhile . 
  if not , not . 
  are you in a position to state with evidence that the costs outweigh the benefits ? 
  because as far as i 'm aware the reason isds goes into treaties is because the evidence says that it is cost-effective . 
   you can not define what is arbitrary and what is not . 
  of course you can . 
  the distinction between someone having a good case for a decision and taking the same decision on an arbitrary basis is n't necessarily * easy * to establish , but it 's certainly not impossible . 
  a decent example is the marburg/vattenfall case . 
   every form of policy is arbitrary until you know about the effects it actually had . 
  would be quite easy otherwise . 
  i think you 're confusing the arbitrary nature of the decision to undertake a policy on the one hand , and the effects of the policy on the other . 
  the question of arbitrariness in isds would be about the decision . 
   could you give me an example of an isds case , where it was correct to demand compensation from a government in the interests of said government and its public ? 
  that involves several steps , any of which you might disagree with . 
  * first , if we take investment as a benefit , then it is of benefit to encourage investment . 
  * second , if we assume that investors are deterred by risk , then mitigating risk will encourage investment , and is therefore beneficial . 
  * third , we might consider that risk comes in several forms , and that certain risks to an investor are benefits to the public - in particular , new information showing that the product or activity being invested in is harmful to the public - and that those risks ought not to be mitigated . 
  assuming that we follow that logic , then the existence of a compensatory regime such as isds is of public benefit . 
  individual awards are , however , not beneficial in themselves except in so far as they establish such a regime - each award would obviously better have been avoided . 
  it 's a bit like asking for the benefit to the public of someone being fined for some minor offence - the cost of court time is greater than the fine , so there 's no benefit to the fine itself , except in so far as it establishes a system in which that petty crime is punishable . 
  same would go for the government being fined for breach of contract , or having to award compensation for some injustice . 
   the question was specifically to why tax payers should shoulder the risks of investments in this case . 
  i get the argument that it is advisable to be a target for investments and being reliable in this regard . 
  that does n't mean you should just plainly take the brunt of the risks . 
  it 's only the case in specific circumstances , though , it 's not a blank cheque . 
  isds does n't put all the risks of an investment on the shoulders of the public - just the ones that derive from the public and their representatives . 
  i do n't see that that 's particularly unfair . 
   there are other and much more effective ways to ensure this kind reliability . 
  what would they be ? 
  split , really . 
  obviously there 's an element of `` grab the money !, 
  '' , but on the other hand we 've had at least 20 years of propaganda telling us that our corporation tax regime is totally fair and also sacred , and that without it we 'd revert to being greece but with a worse climate . 
  and while we might suspect that it 's not true that our ct regime is fair , we suspect that it 's true we 'd be stuffed without it . 
  so there 's a fair bit of ambivalence . 
   i am fairly certain others ( microsoft , google , hp , ibm , ebay , paypal , facebook , ... who all have their european hq 's in dublin ) use the same loopholes . 
  this case is n't about loopholes . 
  it 's about the tax authorities literally cutting apple a deal - not working out how much they owed while apple cleverly arranged that to be a minimum , but apple offering a figure pulled out of the air and it being accepted . 
  to be fair , we have n't actually had any economic strategy bar being a semi tax haven for a few decades now . 
  it 's not short-termism that 's the issue here . 
   and this is desirable because ? 
  i do n't think any government is legitimised to make these commitments , since it would be binding beyond legislative periods . 
  there would have to be mechanisms to restrict their ability to pledge protections for investments . 
  there can not be any affirmation that public policy will always be x. 
  it is like saying that the sun will always shine . 
  there is no commitment to public policy remaining x. 
  there is only a compensation mechanism should x change to y based on something other than the public good ( public opinion is not the same as public good ) , and where y causes real losses for the investor . 
  the right to legislate is kept , but investors have some protection against relatively arbitrary changes . 
   because is it always tax payers shouldering the bill . 
  that 's true of everything governments do . 
   to me it is clearly the case that the public has to shoulder the risks of the investors without getting any form of representation or benefit from this er , what ? 
  the whole point of encouraging investment is to benefit the public . 
   and general negative public opinion played a huge part in improving these kind of treaties relating to investment protections . 
  again , you appear to want me to say that public opinion is valueless , which i have n't . 
  it 's just regularly baseless and arbitrary . 
   why is `` real science '' a competitor to puplic opinions ? 
  public support is a very important factor for a successful nation . 
  isds does n't preclude public opinion forming policy in the absence of science , or even in contradiction to it . 
  it just means that when your decisions are based only on ( your perception of ) public opinion , those who lose money by your decision can claim compensation . 
  not even all of them , either - just those who have made an investment on the basis that public policy is x rather than y , and whose investment is lost as a result of a policy change to y that depends not on the slow accumulation of scientific evidence , but on the much more rapidly shifting sands of public opinion . 
  why are the two treated differently , and why does isds attempt to ` protect ' investment from policy changes based only on the latter ? 
  first , as noted , the timescales of change are different - scientific research works at a multi-year scale , public opinion can change overnight . 
  long-term investment operates on the same multi-year scale , so it should not be caught out by scientific research . 
  second , a company that makes or does something should be familiar with the relevant scientific research - that is part of their responsibility . 
  they are not responsible , on the other hand , for public opinion - indeed , it would be ridiculous to suggest that they could be . 
  if the scientific evidence is stacking up that your product is harmful , you should be aware of that and working to mitigate the harm or replace the product . 
  if , on the other hand , public opinion over the course of a couple of days decides that your product mutates babies , what can you do ? 
  third , the idea behind investment treaties is to attract and foster long-term investments - and therefore aims to protect those investments . 
  such treaties do not - and should not , obviously - aim to protect investment in things that are harmful and known to be so , but there is no reason not to offer them some protection against mere adverse opinion . 
  finally , isds does n't prevent legislators from acting in line with public opinion . 
  it only tries to ensure that when there is no reason against something , but only opinion , investors have some protection . 
  the oft-claimed `` chilling effect '' of isds lacks supporting evidence - on the contrary , the plain packaging cases show that despite isds governments are perfectly willing to press ahead . 
  in the cases you cite , there would be no grounds for an isds award . 
  isds is a mechanism for ensuring that foreign investors are not unfairly treated , which does not include being compensated for poisoning the public . 
  this should have been made clear to everyone after the series of failed cases by philip morris . 
  smoking is a scientifically proven health hazard , legal steps taken to reduce smoking ( particularly plain packaging ) were also scientifically based , and philip morris won none of the cases it took against those steps , and for those reasons . 
  on the other hand , if the real reason for a legal change is a response to popular dislike rather than real science , then an isds award is quite possible .
