  i do n't consider social historians to be unsuited to political advisory roles in the same way i consider theoretical economists to be - i would have been happy to see braudel in such a role . 
  there has never been much under that kind of hood , except the empty space dictators breed in . 
  monti would be more of a `` prominent mainstream economist '' , i think , with a relatively narrow focus , and a theoretician . 
  piketty 's work has much more of a broad social relevance and is observational . 
   you can not rebrand liberalism to suddenly be about restricting individual freedom . 
  this is going to wind up as a `` no true scotsman '' argument , where your interlocutor redefines liberalism until it fits the narrow `` oppressive '' definition he has in mind , and claims liberals who do n't fit that definition are n't `` real '' liberals . 
   i think the problem then is that you do n't actually solve the problem , and it remains both opaque to the public and does n't give them much of a direct influence to lobby their mps and so on ( also means larger paid lobbyists ca n't , but such is the cost . . ) . 
  i think that underestimates the publicity-seeking done by members of parliament . 
  if they have a hand in the process , even just in setting the envelope , they will talk that up in public , which provides for public engagement . 
   not t mention that you are dealing with 27 parliaments , you suddenly have a set envelope that might not overlap with all the others . 
  that seems natural enough . 
   essentially what i am saying is that a direct mandate within the eu would solve those issues , especially if there were real engagement . 
  anything less than that leaves the eu open to being seen as the entity imposing legislation i do n't think having the european parliament visibly running things would in any way prevent the eu as being seen as the entity imposing legislation . 
  it would just shift the focus . 
   essentially you have to shift the accountability and power to the eu . 
  you 'd need the parliament to act like a parliament , have a majority form a quasi-government , and allow it to introduce legislation in areas of eu competency , vote and pass it and override the member states formally if there is a conflict . 
  that way power is unambiguously with the eu parliament and not with the member states . 
  you 'd also want to strengthen the democratic aspects of the eu , people have suggested a number of things there ( recall powers , european parties contesting elections directly , pan european candidates etc. . ) . 
  of course you 'd broadly need to find the support to do that first . 
  i would see that as rather cart before horse , since the support for it certainly is n't there in most countries , and that 's without getting into the negatives of the parliament being the primary source of eu legislation . 
   i 'd agree , although i 'd argue it also applies to scotland and ireland and a few other eu states . 
  i would very strongly disagree with that in the case of ireland , and somewhat less strongly in the case of scotland . 
  both are - and more importantly also see themselves - as small countries which require the support of international institutions . 
  the ex-communist countries might be more to the mark , since their experience of the `` international '' institutions of the ussr was that they were a cover for imperialism . 
   we sort of have to remember why we have countries , borders and so on , at all , it is about divisions in how people are governed , differences in ideas and approaches , those differences are important . 
  the idea that they can be swept away , harmonised and reduced down to a collective set of values is n't really that tempting actually , we have countries because the larger an area with similar rules the more efficiency is gained , and inter-state competition in europe has been ferocious for hundreds of years . 
  the national level should not get a free pass as being any kind of natural unit in terms of '' divisions in how people are governed , differences in ideas and approaches '' . 
  and the extent to which europe sets common approaches in such matters is very limited ( and not the intent ) . 
  far more homogenisation is the result of increased prosperity , opportunity , education , and shared media . 
   however , there is a bit of an issue in that full parliamentary scrutiny and essentially assent required for eu regulations ( and presumably any other agreement ) would kill the eu , and likely make lots of other treaties and agreements hard to pass , because it would broadly remove the political cover available to governments to compromise . 
  on a step by step basis , i 'd certainly agree . 
  however , i think we could have greater parliamentary scrutiny without going all the way to that . 
  the usual model for negotiations is for parliament to set the envelope of possibilities and sign off on the final deal . 
  setting the envelope strikes me as a good first step . 
   reforming eu institutions would arguably be far more preferable if you happen to support the eu . 
  in what way , though ? 
  what reform of the eu institutions would act to recouple domestic democracy with government actions in the eu without having the same impacts as my suggested remedy ? 
   i 'd broadly agree with everything , up to and including the remedy ( although that 'd be far from simple to achieve ) . 
  very far from simple !, 
  after all , it requires a parliamentary majority to tie the hands of its own majority government ...  i 'd argue that the uk has n't really seen the eu favourably for quite a long time as a project , i do n't think that the average person in the uk see a united europe with a common political base as a positive thing . 
  although no doubt it will have played some part in the decision making for some people . 
  i 'd argue that the view taken of the eu in the uk - well , more in england and wales - reflects an enduring distaste for permanent foreign entanglements . 
  not living cheek by jowl with one 's neighbours allows for an aloofness which characterises most of the anglosphere , and is reflected in the attitudes of their media , which take a very mechanistic , relationship-and-context-free view of everything from economics to politics . 
  that plays into the outcome of the current ` democratic deficit ' in the uk . 
   it 's a simple consequence of having a body that is structured like the eu and designed to allow cooperation . 
  it allows governments to push policy that is unpopular at the national level to the eu level and have it ` imposed ' without domestic consent . 
  that is , as you say , part of the way the eu is structured , and deliberately kept so by the member states . 
  however , it 's remediable without reforming the eu , and the same remedy would apply equally well to other international bodies which share the same problem . 
  if i may use the uk as the constitutional model , the problem is essentially that the actions of the government in the eu , and in other international bodies , are treated as being prerogative powers - the government have the right to act with binding effect without consulting the parliament . 
  in turn , this is because the actions and decisions of the government in the international sphere are assumed to operate under what we might call the westphalian model of international relations - a paradigm which considers states as entirely autonomous actors with no enduring responsibilities except to their own interests . 
  a sort of libertarian + model , where treaty commitments are entered into only where they confer advantage ( even if it 's the negative one of avoiding war with a more powerful state ) and only for so long as they confer advantage . 
  the maxim applied is `` countries have no friends , only interests '' , and interests change . 
  on such a stage , a country needs its government to be as unconstrained in its actions as possible in order to achieve the maximum advantage from every passing moment . 
  as such , foreign affairs in most countries is a prerogative power . 
  however , this prerogative power has been applied in a modern context not just of enduring international relationships , but of an ever increasing number of permanent international bodies with powers of arbitration over the domestic affairs of their members , and of permanent international blocs with integration between the domestic arrangements of their members . 
  the eu is the deepest of these , but the un , the wto , the icc , and other bodies share the same characteristics . 
  the result is a disconnect between domestic democracy and the arbitrary operation of governments in international bodies with domestic effects . 
  the powers of the latter are no longer limited to extracting advantage from external-only arrangements , but have domestic effect , allowing arbitrary government in the domestic sphere . 
  a good demonstration of this disconnect is the recent article 50 case . 
  the government 's position was that eu treaties were a prerogative matter because they were international affairs . 
  the challenger 's position was that the eu treaties had domestic effect - in particular , that they granted rights to uk citizens which could not be removed by arbitrary government action . 
  the courts supported the challenger 's argument . 
  so to remedy : greater parliamentary control over the actions of governments in international relations where these are enduring and have domestic effect . 
  this does not require eu reform ( or wto reform , or un reform , etc ) but national reform . 
  some eu members have begun to move in this direction - for example germany by requiring parliamentary assent to government decisions committing the state to expense , ireland less markedly by beefing up scrutiny of eu legislation by parliamentary committees . 
  the uk , on the other hand , could be regarded in brexit as having already come to the kind of rupture implied by lack of such reform - rather than supporting greater domestic control in the field of international affairs with domestic effects , they have instead opted for a path of rejecting membership in such bodies . 
  one part of the uk appears to hope that doing so will leave government with an even freer hand , the other that doing so will constrain the government only to act domestically within domestic constraints . 
  do n't know about that . 
  scotland 's debt is expected to be # 50bn by 2020 , assuming current deficits continue . 
  ours is $ 213bn now , and should be less by then , again on current trends , and a good bit less as a % of gdp . 
  so it would n't be great , but it probably would n't put us as far into the red as the crash did by some margin , plus we should get the same kind of free pass as germany did for reunification . 
  why , though ? 
  we have our own rain and whiskey . 
   all that remains is for someone to have the guts to stand up and say that brexit is unachievable in reality without an enormous amount of pain and destruction , that can not be borne . 
  but nobody did . 
  and it turned out there was someone on hand willing to drink the chalice right down to the dregs . 
  * and * make significantly less fuss about it than dumbledore . 
  wound up the property of the most serene republic . 
  i always find nut2 results rather strange for ireland , because the southern region for some reason includes both the capital ( and surrounding commuter counties ) and a vast rural hinterland . 
  history suggests that should really say :  populism - not * just * once . 
   k , but that does n't exclude merkel from scrutiny at all . 
  it clearly does n't have anything to do with `` scrutiny '' . 
  something shown over and over again for markets like ivory . 
  it seems to me like a rational response to coalition politics . 
  in any coalition , the government agenda has to be a compromise . 
  if you vote for a minor party , you risk seeing their agenda diluted down to next to nothing - it 's often there , in fact , but it 's hard to see it . 
  however , if you vote for a single issue party , the one thing they can not afford to compromise on is the single issue they stand for . 
  so if you have a particular political issue you care most strongly about ( and the plethora of single issue ngos suggests so ) it makes sense to vote for a single issue party . 
  commissioner vestager on the delay :  an initial deadline to collect the tax bill plus interest from apple had passed , the commissioner said , but she was not concerned . 
   apple has said it will make the payment . 
  the delay in collecting the tax reflected the complexity of locking away such a large sum for an extended period , ms vestager said . 
  it is , after all , a pretty large sum . 
  also :  the bulk of $ 13bn that the european commission says apple must pay in back-taxes to undo the benefits of a previous sweetheart tax deal will remain with ireland , eu commissioner margrethe vestager has said . 
  verhofstadt is a federalist . 
  he has always been a federalist , and has never made any bones about it . 
  it takes an effort of will * to get from an mep who is a federalist to `` this has been the goal for the eu all along '' . 
  * yes , that 's a euphemism . 
  oddly enough , i would say that that was n't really true until the crisis . 
  before that , my experience of the eu was that the eu was only an entity in itself in the same sense that any civil service is - it saw itself as trying to adhere to certain principles , but politically regarded itself as entirely subordinate to the member states . 
  the disharmony of the member states during the crisis , and the resultant sidelining of the commission , along with the growth of populism , seem to me to have forced a greater political self-awareness on the commission , partly because of the obvious scapegoating they received , but more because it made it difficult for them to uphold the principles they see themselves as standing for .
