  now , i do n't have a problem with the idea that that should be the case when governments are demonstrably acting for the public good , but that * is * the case with isds anyway . 
  only where the actions of a government are arbitrary ( that is , motivated by something other than the public good ) can an isds tribunal find that compensation is due to the company - in addition , the company has to have a deal with the government in question that amounts to a contract . 
  the only risk in that is that isds has a chilling effect on legislation that is for the public good , but , as i 've pointed out , there is no evidence for any such effect . 
  i 'm not sure why you believe that governments should be above criticism , or not have to compensate businesses for arbitrary action as they do private individuals ( as in compulsory purchase actions , for example ) . 
  are you claiming that * every * action by a governments is good , no matter what it is ? 
  that governments are not prone to arbitrary and badly motivated actions ? 
   pretty much , yes , because ttip is a very broad treaty whereas other previous treaties generally were more limited in scope and depth . 
  ttip is not more broad than all the other isds-containing treaties taken together , and taken together all those treaties , and all the isds in them , has not produced any evidence of a chilling effect or the other evils ascribed to ttip . 
  note that that 's not `` produced slight evidence '' , or `` produced arguable evidence '' . 
  there is no evidence at all for any degree of chilling effect et al. 
  so , again , we 're back at the problem ( for you ) that ttip is not qualitatively different from the mass of isds-containing treaties already in operation , and those treaties do n't do what ttip is supposed to do . 
  what , wider than all the existing free trade and other isds-containing agreements in the world ? 
  much like that analogy . 
  isds in ttip is n't qualitatively different from existing isds ( well , it might get improved ) , so the difference is still quantity , and any number of zeroes still adds up to zero . 
  isds has had 50 years and lots of opportunities to show its effects . 
  if you 'd been eating fast food that long , or smoking , you 'd know all about it . 
  while more isds ( a result of more bilateral treaties , which are in turn a result of the failure of doha ) would , if there were an effect , obviously show more effect by simple arithmetic , the complete absence of * any * systemic effect so far suggests that the equation looks like : * n x isds effects = 0 effect the corollary , of course is : * 2n x isds effects = 0 effect, 
  gnp is still skewed by assets moved into the country . 
  gnp strips out income that is due to non-residents , so multinational earnings that belong to the parent non-irish company do n't go into gnp . 
  however , this seems to be a case of assets being moved into ireland - patents , apparently - so those contribute to gnp because they 're registered as an increase in assets of the irish resident branches of the multinationals . 
  ha ha no . 
  it 's actually more of a giant burp . 
  well , we were already in that position . 
  the problem is that you have an objection in principle , but do n't argue the principle . 
  one fast food meal will not kill you , but if you keep eating fast food you may end up obese and diabetic . 
  one fast food meal wo n't , but repeatedly eating fast food meals will show its effects long before the effects kill you . 
  if isds in 50 years of use has n't shown any ill effects of the kind claimed ( `` legislative chilling '' etc ) , then claiming that it will suddenly do so at some point is hard to sustain . 
   what you are accusing me of is looking for facts to support my conclusions , rather than conclusions to support the facts . 
    and you are making this call based on nothing but me stating that i object in principle . 
  which is totally unfair . 
  hardly unfair , and not a personal comment . 
  it 's like stating that you probably walk upright , or , more pertinently , probably have a tendency to interpret two circles above a curved line as a face . 
   stop treating the argument i 've made as if it were rhetoric or faith ; if you ca n't rise to the level of general discourse , i 'm not sure why you 're talking in the first place . 
  i 'm happy enough to discuss the principle of companies being able to sue governments for breaches of contract , but only on the basis of an honest discussion . 
  my concern is that you wo n't defend your position honestly , based on the observation that so far you have n't . 
  you refer to the principle behind your objection to isds in the course of arguments about how isds does bad things . 
  my point is , again , that whether or not isds does bad things is irrelevant to an argument based on a principled objection to it . 
   this and other statements give off an intense sense of elitism . 
  so what if they did ? 
  now you 're trying to make an ad hominem - that i 'm elitist , and therefore my arguments can be ignored . 
  again , does n't add much to the idea that you 're able to defend your principled objection to isds on its own merits . 
   you 've basically appealed to your own authority -- by rubbishing my arguments as banal and ignorant and telling us all how your arguments are substantive and meaningful but without evidence . 
  i have said none of those things . 
  i have said that : * you object to isds on principle * since your objection is in principle , it is independent of facts * because it is independent of facts , it should not be argued on a factual basis * because ( a ) the facts are irrelevant , and ( b ) someone with a disagreement in principle is going to cherry-pick facts to support that the second point perhaps needs some explanation , since you seem to have taken it up as somehow insulting . 
  a principle is a principle - it 's a hopefully logical outcome and expression of someone 's belief system . 
  it is not the same thing as a pragmatic test . 
  if i say , for example , that gay marriage is wrong because it can not be for the purposes of procreation , and procreation is the only acceptable reason for marriage , then i am stating a principle . 
  whether gay marriages lead to happy outcomes is irrelevant , whether gay parents produce well-adjusted kids is irrelevant - they can not lead to procreation , and therefore can not be acceptable . 
  even if allowing gay marriage produces an immediate end to world hunger and war , it does n't matter , because my objection still stands . 
  the facts are not relevant , because my principle is not based on a pragmatic assessment of facts . 
  if , on the other hand , my objection to gay marriage is on the basis that it will lead to bad outcomes , then the facts are highly relevant . 
  this is a pragmatic objection , though , not a principled one ( although behind it is a utilitarian principle ) . 
  to discuss a pragmatic objection , we argue facts . 
  to discuss a principled one , we argue principles . 
  facts can not change principles , but principles will change both the choice of data and its interpretation . 
  so , let me be as clear as possible . 
  when i say that you have a principled objection to isds , and should argue on that basis rather than on the basis of facts , i am being neither insulting nor dismissive . 
  i say that it is dishonest for you to engage someone on the basis of debating the facts about isds because no facts can change your position , because it is based on principle - you are therefore wasting their time in a discussion where you are , in effect a brick wall . 
  to be honest in such a debate , you * must * make it clear that you object to isds on principle . 
   first i 'm accused of not including any facts , on the basis of offering an unsubstantiated principle in place of objective reasoning . 
  i said it was misleading and dishonest of you to claim to offer objective facts , given your principles . 
  i suggested , in fact , that you stay away from making `` factual '' claims entirely . 
   now i 'm told that the facts that i offered ca n't be trusted because i 'm incapable of offering objective facts . 
  it 's a consolation prize apparently that i 'm in the same boat as everyone else . 
  yes , that 's right . 
  your ` facts ' are cherry-picked factoids . 
  i doubt you know the details of any of them . 
  more importantly , you do n't * need * any such facts to support your principle , and no benign outcome to such cases can possibly argue against your principle . 
  as far as you 've stated it , it 's wrong from the very beginning that such cases happen . 
  companies * should not * be able to take governments to court - it therefore does n't matter whether the government wins . 
  that 's irrelevant to the principle , because the cases should never have happened . 
   people do n't need some complex high level signalling system to be able to support decisions and conclusions . 
  nor is it an impossible feat . 
  the problem is that people are very good at * supporting * their decisions and conclusions . 
  what they 're not good at is using facts to * reach * those conclusions . 
   i have also offered some evidence to suggest that one of my conclusions ( that isds is a danger to sovereign states ) has some merit . 
  tbh , you 've just name-checked cases that are misrepresented in anti-ttip literature . 
  that 's not actually evidence . 
   but there 's no need to drag human faculties through the mud in order for us to disagree . 
  it 's hardly dragging human faculties through the mud to point out that humans cherry-pick facts to support preferred outcomes . 
  that 's a pretty well-known bit of science at this stage . 
   the same goes for fossil fuel , and it actually is generating an apocalypse after so many years . 
  bad example - climate change has been predicted for 40 + years , as well as observed . 
  in addition , climate change is a gradual and cumulative effect which takes years from cause to effect . 
  none of these things are true of isds . 
  if it were going to have the effect claimed - the `` chilling effect '' and the `` endless costs and litigation '' , it would already be doing so . 
  yet absolutely nobody has been able to demonstrate the chilling effect , and we know the costs and time isds takes up - minimal in comparison to almost anything governments do . 
  like the_straylight_run , you object in principle , and cherry-pick factoids to bolster your preferred view . 
   i do object to isds in principle , but there are plenty of good facts by which to reject it in reality . 
  if you believe that isds is wrong in principle , you 're going to be cherry-picking the facts to suit your principle , i 'm afraid . 
  as a human being , that is , because that 's the way we 're built . 
  it 's possible , of course , that you are a nearly-unique individual capable of treating the facts objectively despite having a strongly preferred outcome , but frankly that 's an extraordinary claim , and your posts do n't offer any evidence of it , never mind the extraordinary evidence that would be required . 
  if it 's a directive , the uk could simply not bother to implement it in national legislation . 
  the timeframe for such implementation would probably see them out of the eu . 
   no matter how unlikely the outcome , or how generally safe you think such a mechanism would be , or has proven to be in practice . 
  isds has been in regular use worldwide for decades , and has n't generated your apocalypse . 
   i do not support any company or corporation arising to the level of a state , or any board , or group , claiming primacy over them . 
  tbh , i think you should stop making `` factual '' claims about isds , because here you make it clear that you really object to it on principle , and that the facts are therefore irrelevant . 
  if you have that principle , argue that principle - anything else is dishonest . 
  repeating debunked claims about how bad isds is when that 's irrelevant to your principle suggests you believe that your principle is too weak to stand on its own .
