  then `` would german companies * know * that us courts would treat them fairly ? '' . 
  if they did n't , would they favour extra protections ? 
  the answer is obviously yes , because companies ( you know they 're staffed by human beings , right ? ), 
  get more nervous of losing what they have than gaining what they have n't . 
   which should not overrule national law . 
  they do n't - they can only award compensation if the national law is unfair according to the treaty provisions . 
  national courts also make such decisions , that companies ( or individuals ) are due compensation if a law or government decision is arbitrary and unduly injurious to them . 
  the law remains the law in both cases , but government-made legislation is not something which is , or should be , treated as some kind of divinely inspired scripture - and that 's actually what you 're asking for here . 
   leftists probably disagree on the ground of those terms , while eurosceptics disagree in favor of non-interference . 
  leftist eurosceptics disagree on both . 
  do n't think so - they fundamentally do n't support the eu 's position on the ukraine , and the association of the eurosceptics and communists is increasingly common , particularly on ukraine/russia issues : http://anton-shekhovtsov.blogspot.ie/2014/09/the-national-bolshevik-alliance-is.html, 
   they can not rule against the law by definition because they 're the final interpreter of the laws . 
  they tell you what goes against the law . 
  they tell you whether a government is in breach of its treaty agreements to treat foreign companies fairly . 
  companies feel , and/or governments feel that companies feel , that a national court will not judge that fairly . 
   they can not rule against the laws involved , as people seem to believe they can . 
  let me put that again : they can not overturn the national law or decision involved in the case . 
   we do n't use common law . 
  n/a . 
  other people do . 
   pardon , companies have every right to defend their interests before german courts . 
  and if foreign companies felt that german courts would treat them fairly , then there 'd be no role for isds ( which germany was the first country ever to write into a treaty , in 1959 ) . 
  would german companies feel that us courts would treat them fairly ? 
   it 's just that they can not appoint judges there . 
  neither can you or me . 
  it 's not law , it 's arbitration of awards . 
  and in commercial disputes , such arbitration is regularly conducted in front of arbitration panels . 
   free market approach : do n't do business where that happens . 
  companies are free ( and welcome ) to vote with their feet . 
  government approach : include isds in free trade treaty , so that companies know in advance they have an avenue of recourse . 
  that 's an interesting one - nice to see ireland 's sinn fein ( gue/ngl ) voting against their grouping . 
   you 're free to call a court an `` arbitration panel '' and an judge an `` arbitrator '' if you like but that does n't change their function . 
   if you 're trying to say i should have faith that if i sue then the courts of germany would rule by the laws of germany in favor of me and against germany , great . 
  i agree . 
  or at least i do n't see a better way of dealing with such conflicts of interest , either . 
  so no need for mock courts then . 
  and , in turn , calling them `` mock courts '' does n't make them that . 
  the arbitration panels are arbitration panels , not courts . 
  they operate on a case by case basis - they do n't set precedent ( although increased transparency may well result in precedent ) - and all they do is determine whether compensation is due . 
  they can not rule against the laws involved , as people seem to believe they can . 
   and that 's we you ca n't put a company on the same level as the state , and replacing all the baroque safeguards we have by some representatives `` having duties of independence and objectivity '' is , pardon , naive . 
  companies are n't on the same level as the state in isds mechanisms , though - they 're at the same kind of level as the citizen , who has rights that the government can not infringe , such as the right to due process , transparency , their private property , and so on . 
  all that isds does is provide a very limited subset of those rights for companies . 
   states are complicated and indecisive by design . 
  different state institutions can contradict each other and it 's supposed to be like this ( mainly because of the principle of separation of powers , but also lower level stuff like different government agencies each with its own goals ) . 
   for example , it is possible that the government makes a decision , and after that the constitutional court rules that the decision was unconstitutional and has to be cancelled . 
  or , the government approves says yes to a contract that requires legislation changes , and later the parliament votes against those changes . 
  those are good points , but that indecisiveness can impose costs on companies , and only the assumption that all companies are evil money-grubbing bastards who deserve to get nothing at every turn makes it reasonable to suggest that companies * never * deserve compensation for that ( i 'm not suggesting you 've said that , but people certainly are putting forward that view ) . 
  that 's even worse reasoning - the point is that the company has been issued the necessary go-ahead ( if you look , i did say exactly that ) . 
  if not , then , sure , the company will have jumped the gun , and more fool it , because it wo n't get any compensation on that basis . 
  a contract negotiation is obviously different - if a contract is * concluded * , however , then the company can , and will , sue the government if the government suddenly changes its mind ( cooling off period excepted ) . 
  why should it be a case of companies getting screwed up by indecisive governments ? 
  why is that a good thing ? 
   second , the factors taken into account were n't disclosed to bilcon during the review process . 
  well , of course , what do you expect ? 
  should private companies have access to all documents of the government during the investigation and the writing of the report ? 
  they should be told what factors are being considered , certainly . 
  if you 're subject to a review , it 's only fair that you know on what basis the review happens . 
   no , what really happened is that bilcon did n't get the license it wanted , perhaps after it jumped the gun in preparations , and is now using everything it can put its hands on to wring some money from the case . 
  sigh . 
  first , it 's going to have to show that it has put money in , in order to have any chance of compensation . 
  second , if the government can show that bilcon jumped the gun , they wo n't win any compensation . 
  therefore if what you believe is true , bilcon has no chance of winning compensation . 
  i do wish people would stop treating pending isds cases as if they were foregone conclusions which simply pour money into the hands of companies - companies do not generally win them , and they 're usually costly , not least because if they do n't win them , they pay the costs for both parties . 
   `` the government '' did n't backtrack . 
  there are several government agencies involved in the process , and they might have had permission from the economic department but not from the environmental department . 
  it 's their fault for jumping the gun . 
  that the government ( or agencies thereof ) did n't do its homework is also a clear point from the complaint . 
  if `` the government '' in the form of one agency encourages a company to invest - and issues the necessary legal permission to do so - and that is then countermanded by some other agency at a later date , then the company has not `` jumped the gun '' by doing what `` the government '' permitted and encouraged it to do - on the contrary , it is one of the government agencies that has jumped the gun , and is at fault . 
   the issue here is larger than justice in a scenario-by-scenario basis . 
  it is the self determination and sovereignty of the state as an institution that is at play here . 
  my main concern is that we maintain that sovereignty . 
  it 's not actually the state though - what you 're arguing for is actually the right of the state 's executive to unfettered action . 
  that right is already fettered in a lot of ways ( echr , for example ) , and for good reason . 
   the issue here , imo , is that for a state to remain sovereign it should in no way have to answer to corporations . 
  to ensure that the sole responsibility of a democratic government remains with the people which elects it there should be no `` responsibility '' towards corporations on the part of government . 
  i ca n't agree . 
  companies are n't aliens from space , they 're the joint enterprises of citizens . 
  there are legal rights they should n't have , but the idea that governments should have `` no responsibility '' towards them i could n't support . 
   we should n't open the door for corporations to sue governments . 
  a corporation should not have rights . 
  only responsibilities . 
  if a state wishes to nationalize , expropriate or limit the actions of a corporation its sole repercussion should be the resulting loss of market confidence . 
  that door is well open already . 
  companies can sue governments under national law , besides the 1400 european free-trade agreements that currently incorporate isds  however benign an interpretation people apply to ttip it does erode the power of government by subjecting it to regulations which favour corporations . 
  governments are already subject to regulations which prevent them mistreating companies in various ways , and the claim that the regulations * favour * companies is contradicted by the fact that companies only win about a third of isds cases . 
   they should n't , in my opinion , have rights . 
  only responsibilities . 
  do we want a non-democratic entity with nothing but profit as an incentive to have `` rights '' over democratically elected governments ? 
  i say no . 
  the right not to be arbitrarily dispossessed seems a reasonable right to me , even for a corporation . 
   these are mock trial by any standards of a liberal democracy and constitutional state . 
  that is the question and not if the dictator is benevolent to those he was put in charge for ( surprise ! ) . 
  er , no , they 're arbitration panels , where each side appoints one arbitrator , and the third is chosen from a list by mutual consent , or by an agreed third party . 
  they have duties of independence and objectivity , and the result can be overturned if a conflict of interest later comes to light . 
   when the federal republic of germany `` encourages '' ( huh ! ), 
  me to buy something and later outlaws it i do n't get to sue them before a secret extra-legal court in which half of the judges are appointed by me . 
  if the government were to encourage you to build a house on a flood plain , then decide nobody is allowed to live on flood plains , they would have to compensate you . 
  but it 's true they 're not going to pay you back 50c you 've spent on a sweet containing an ingredient later outlawed - on the other hand , they 're not going to take it off you either . 
  so ... what did happen ?
