  we in ireland had that at lisbon 1 with declan ganley . 
   if the eu and the uk are both happy ignoring part of the treaty then who 's going to take the eu and uk to the ecj ? 
  the usa ? 
  any company in the eu that feels disadvantaged by the deal . 
  they take the eu to court over it , and the deal is found not to be legal . 
  end of deal . 
   the problem is that there is n't much else in northern ireland . 
  and that if you crash the ni economy you provide a breeding ground for radicalisation and violence . 
  yes - unless you think that there were enough people forced out of the uk to make a difference to this study :  british people have become more tolerant of immigration as the number of people moving here from eastern europe has increased , a study has shown . 
   when he accused them of not doing a proper job , or of ` not having worked a day in their lives ' essentially , it 's not just that he 's hoping to please his constituents , he 's also trying to reinforce the point that those pointless bureaucrats are just producing a pointless bureaucracy . 
  and some might point out that elected meps are n't bureaucrats . 
  but i understand that for quite a few people , the basic problem with democracy at the european level is that they do n't believe that anything but the national level can be democratic - which tends to make these arguments circular and repetitive . 
  because it applies to the non-immigrants . 
  most people * are * born xenophobic . 
  it takes quite a bit of work not to have them stay that way . 
  if the work is n't put in , they do stay that way - and that work , like many other ` social ' things , has been neglected in the uk for a couple of decades . 
  what point ? 
  were they ? 
  have you data for that , or is it just an opinion ? 
  i 'd say a lot of them have careers that look exactly like farage 's - politics for the last 20-30 years . 
  as pointed out already , though , about half of them have * current * jobs outside their parliamentary work . 
   actually , it 's really ironic how many people take farage as being deadly serious about everything he says , while at the same time deliberately ignoring the strength of his message . 
  i do n't think for an instant that farage is deadly serious about what he says . 
  to be honest , i think that most of what he says is purely there for effect . 
  that , in turn , is typical of populism . 
  and i do n't know whether populists actually ` lead ' - i would say they embody , they capture a mood , act as lightning rods or nuclei . 
  it 's not so much leadership as performance art . 
  when i say he 's pointlessly insulting his fellow meps , i do n't mean that there is no point at all to him being insulting . 
  his words are purely for domestic consumption - he 's not winding up the parliament , he 's pretending to be a plucky ordinary chap challenging them , telling them how it really is , on behalf of the voiceless . 
  it 's not a wind-up in our usual sense . 
  he 's trolling them for a delighted fanbase . 
  whether farage 's `` campaign '' would have got anywhere without a perfect combination of economic crisis , the enduring divisions of the tory party , and cameron in place as an equally empty balloon , i think is very much a moot point . 
   but building the infrastructural needed is not , which is why the do n't bother they go for the best of both existing infrastructural along with cheap labour they do n't have to pick one or the other . 
  the communists were n't very good at markets , but they were n't particularly bad at infrastructure . 
  poor countries tend to concentrate development these days in special economic zones - relatively small areas where they develop good infrastructure . 
  so , for example , the cadbury 's factory move to a polish special economic zone . 
   can you explain exactly how not having freedom of movement increases distortions but mass migration from poor to rich country 's does not . 
  what distortions of the market would that produce ? 
  you could say it produces distortions of society , which it does , but in terms of markets , that flow of people is like a flow of heat . 
  the ideal market , like the ideal frying pan , does n't have hot spots and cold spots , so that your fried egg is burnt in one part and raw in another - ideally , what 's needed ( goods , services , workers , capital ) can move without any difficulty from where it 's not needed to where it 's needed . 
  do n't get me wrong - i 'm not saying that we should measure everything according to the success of the marketplace . 
  happiness , for example , seems to me to be much the same whatever the overall system - although it 's hard to be happy when your particular area is visibly worse off than everyone else . 
  but if we 're talking about uk access to the single market for the economic benefits it produces , then we * are * measuring in market terms . 
  and in market terms , the free flow of workers is as necessary as the other freedoms . 
   you can the eu has done that in the past , when france restricted polish members from migrating for several years after they joined but many other country 's like the uk did not , there were n't any negative effects as a result . 
  the reason for the restriction on freedom of movement for the accession countries is that they were n't really ready for integration into the single market at all when they joined ( plus mass immigration concerns ) . 
  the maximum length of restrictions was 7 years , available to all the member states , who all availed of it except the uk , ireland , and sweden , who * chose * not to . 
  that did introduce distortions , but the economic effects were n't particularly significant because of the depressed and unready state of those economies at the time , and the distortion was temporary . 
   without freedom of moment you would see company relocating to poorer country 's in order to take advantage of the cheap work forces and being force to build new buildings and factory 's and infrastructure there . 
  now they will set up in rich country 's with existing infrastructure and ship in labour . 
  that would n't actually work , and has n't happened . 
  polish factory workers are cheaper to employ in poland than in the uk , even if they may be cheaper than british workers in the uk , because a polish factory worker in the uk pays british rent , eats uk-bought food , and their employer is constrained by all the labour laws and regulations that apply to british workers . 
  your model does work in places like qatar , where businesses can ship in large numbers of workers from poor countries and treat them like slave labour . 
   the flood of cheap labor forces the wages of unskilled workers down while maximising the profits for those at the top so it also boosts inequality as well . 
  actually , what has been found is not that , but that native workers tend to move up the chain , resulting in slightly higher wages . 
  i appreciate that 's counter-intuitive , but reality often is . 
   why would the eu oppose this so strongly when it would seem to give an advantage to its remaining members and it is clearly what the uk wants ? 
  it only `` opposes it '' in the sense that it says that the uk can not have access to the single market without it , because the single market is a single market . 
  it 's not unlike a currency - you ca n't have a different value of the currency in one part of the area using it . 
  similarly , you ca n't have an ` island ' comprising a different labour market within a larger single market without creating economic distortions within the single market . 
  the single market goes a lot deeper than just having no tariffs or internal customs barriers . 
  it 's a level playing field in which the member states do n't try ( and are n't allowed ) to take advantage of the absence of tariffs or use non-tariff barriers against each other , and where the benefits of having such a single market are available to everyone who lives within the single market . 
  so you can either be in it , in which case you play by exactly the same rules - or you 're not , in which case you preserve your own rules and pay tariffs for access . 
  the uk can not take advantage of everything the single market has to offer as a member while , say , restricting uk jobs only to those it chooses to allow - such a model is predatory , and there 's no reason anyone else would agree to it . 
  something worth bearing in mind about freedom of movement is that it is the historical norm for europe . 
  before 1914 there were virtually no barriers on movement within europe - the wars were what changed it . 
  also true . 
  i presume that what farage really intends to imply , though , is that his fellow meps are career bureaucrats & politicians - the sort of people who spend their lives in the service of the public , and who people like farage then encourage the public to regard as parasitic encumbrances . 
  because a single market is n't a single market without movement of people - well , more accurately , movement of workers and skills . 
  that does n't have anything to do with refugees , welfare tourists , or tourists generally . 
  it 's about the labour market . 
  the uk is a single labour market - anyone in any part of the uk can move to any other part , or ` get on their bike ' to find a job , as normal tebbit had it . 
  in theory , that means that parts of the uk that are experiencing growth balance those parts that are not , so local growth is not choked off by a lack of workers or skills , and local lack of growth does n't have to choke the lives of potential workers . 
  the same is true of the eu single market . 
  that 's an entirely fair point . 
  if you give me a little while i 'll see if i can write something to ransack integrity watch 's database and get some idea of what we 're actually looking at . 
  i do n't think it will be stronger , and it will be much weaker in the short term . 
  it will also be different , and that may turn out to be a good thing . 
  indeed - * if * the rat were . 
  from a perspective of european unity , though , that 's hardly anything like the case . 
  the rat 's name might be jonah , even . 
  those would be meps who presumably had no great source of income before being elected , and therefore might perhaps never have done a proper job . 
  to be honest , though , i do n't doubt farage just wanted to emit those words for his fanbase , so i doubt it matters to him who he might accidentally be referring to , or whether he 's referring to anyone at all . 
  ah well , in that case i will amend it to `` there is a rat fallen overboard , the ship must be sinking ! '', 
  logic instead . 
  some might consider that an important factor , true . 
  some might even say that when farage ( rather pointlessly ) insults the elected representatives of half a billion people , he has gone somewhat beyond just being a cheeky chappie and well off into utter twatland . 
  let 's see . 
  the single market consists of , what , 32 countries between the eu and efta ? 
  two have voted , on the back of popular immigration concerns , to deny themselves access , and in both cases even so there are strong minorities that do n't want it to happen . 
  is that `` falling apart '' ? 
  or is that a classic piece of `` she wo n't be able to do without me , you 'll see '' divorce logic ? 
  ours is n't as nice , though . 
  not only have most meps probably done a proper job at some point , but 53 % of them continue to do so in addition to their parliamentary role : http://www.transparencyinternational.eu/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/eu-integrity-watch-launch-press-release.pdf * 398 or 53 % of meps have outside activities * 46 meps indicated a previous income of less than $ 1,000 per month , according to their declarations . 
  * of those , eight were members of the previous parliament , who failed to declare their previous mandate . 
  of course , this is also a `` bad thing '' , if you have a slightly different ep-bashing narrative . 
  the 46 meps who `` indicated a previous income of less than $ 1,000 per month '' might perhaps be the people farage is talking about . 
  i think everyone knows that will be the case . 
  the idea of a financial boom is a small silver lining , that 's all . 
  maybe not even that if the distorting effects are too much .
