  true enough . 
  something that 's already clear , though , is that the out side will not rest if the result is to stay in :  cabinet ministers are warning there will be a second referendum on whether the uk should quit the european union if david cameron fails to win a radical new deal in brussels . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/11641133/second-referendum-in-five-years-if-voters-choose-to-stay-in-eu.html it entertains me somewhat that the call for such a second referendum will almost inevitably be supported by people who denounce ireland 's second lisbon referendum as somehow undemocratic . 
  and so it begins ... in the balkans , of course . 
  now / r/europe is truly europe . 
   i think the hypothetical boundary lies well below the likely turnout ( so the exercise is purely academic , though interesting ) . 
  well , i 'd say it was more of a sliding scale , personally . 
  anything above 60 can be seen as definitive , above 50 definite , above 40 consequential , but below 40 with a balanced result i think we begin to enter territory where people will ask whether the country should really be bound by the votes of maybe 20 % or less of the electorate . 
  and this is a complex question about which only a minority feel strongly , but which has huge and hard to quantify repercussions . 
  there will be a lot of voters who may well feel like letting others decide . 
   technically the government is able to pull out of the eu without approval from the commons . 
  i do n't see the commons daring to disagree with a referendum . 
  on a very low turnout , i think it becomes possible . 
  the * reductio ad absurdum * case is that one person turns out , when clearly the government would n't see itself as bound by that result . 
  since that establishes the principle that the government could ignore the result in the case of a low turnout , the question becomes one of where the boundary lies . 
   i do n't think the `` indicative '' / `` binding '' distinction really makes sense when it comes to uk constitutional theory and referendums . 
  the reason why it is n't binding is because of parliamentary sovereignty . 
  however , the politics are such that even if the referendum is not de jure binding , it will de facto be binding . 
  that was also found to be the case in the dutch referendum on the eu constitution - but , to maintain parliamentary sovereignty * requires * that the parliament be able to ignore the outcome . 
  in the case of the dutch , i think their parliament decided that they would not hold further referendums , as constitutionally improper . 
   under no circumstances would a government say `` hey , you voted out , but only 55 % of people showed up so we decided to stay in '' or something of the kind . 
  a government would not , but that 's political . 
  the commons * could * do so . 
  i would say myself that a turnout under 40 % would make the referendum outcome much less than convincing whichever way it went . 
   turnout will surely be a lot lower than the scottish referendum and likely lower than the last general election but perhaps higher than the alternative vote referendum . 
  is there any kind of a level which turnout has to reach ? 
  i appreciate the referendum is indicative rather than binding , so likely that 's a political question rather than a legal one . 
  * so * much better than letting those people in brussels legislate , amirite ? 
   if we avoid failure at nearly all cost we end up with an eu that consists of members that all have a couple opt-outs for things they do n't want . 
  there are already a large number of such opt-outs . 
  none of them are on core issues , though . 
   so how dificult do they make it to re-vote on lisbon this year if you changed your mind again , or if you happened to become old enough to vote this year or were excluded from democracy for one of a myriad of other reasons ? 
  or do n't you get that option ? 
  referendums are called by an act of the parliament , so to hold another lisbon referendum , you 'd need a majority vote in parliament . 
   if you happened to become old enough to vote this year this , on the other hand ... if you 're not old enough to vote , you 're not old enough to vote , and you 'll only get to vote on votes held once you 're old enough . 
  are you suggesting that every general election should also be re-run to accommodate those who reach voting age during the life of the government elected before they were old enough to vote ? 
   europe should always prepare a plan b !, 
  there should always have a plan b in any european project , because in democracy , the people need to have a choice !, 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  sure - just one problem , which is that it 's incredibly hard to negotiate even plan a. 
  it took , what , a couple of years of negotiation to agree the constitutional treaty , and getting it finally agreed was regarded as a * major * diplomatic coup for the irish presidency . 
  turning round to the heaps of drained and comatose negotiators lying on the conference room floor and saying `` well done lads , now it 's time to produce plan b '' tends to just kill off their remaining will to live . 
  25 countries have hammered out hundreds of detailed points of agreement involving thousands of different sub-national , national , and cross-national interests through horse-trading , back-room deals , and sheer bloody-minded persistence , intended as a blueprint for one of the planet 's largest cooperative endeavours in history - and someone wants an * alternative * version . 
  plan b therefore almost invariably consists of counting the cost of failure and deciding whether it 's sufficiently large to go back to the negotiating table , because only expensive failure is a sufficient incentive to force people back there for another hundred rounds of disagreeing over things . 
   and they passed the lisbon treaty , which was basically the eu constitution without all the fluff and pomp , and when ireland said no , the eu bureaucrats were all like `` wrong answer , ireland !, 
  try again next year ! '', 
  yay democracy !, 
  re-running referendums is common in ireland . 
  we re-ran the nice treaty referendum , and we 've had multiple divorce & abortion referendums - if the recent marriage equality referendum had been a no , we 'd likely have re-run it in the next couple of years . 
  lisbon ended up being re-run because the government put virtually no effort at all into the first referendum campaign - when i say no effort , they started their campaign work about 6 weeks before the vote , compared to starting local election efforts a year or so beforehand . 
  it was n't quite as bad as their first effort on nice , which consisted pretty much of a booklet that said `` treaties are complicated , do n't worry about them , just vote yes because your government understands these things better than you '' - and i 'm really just paraphrasing , the text said that just as baldly . 
  having made tits of themselves pretty comprehensively , the government re-ran the referendum with a bit more effort . 
  and you know the amazing thing ? 
  people were just as free to vote no as at the first referendum , but they did n't . 
  they changed their minds . 
  yay democracy , as they say . 
  it 's really '' * the * big city '' , like there 's only one that mattered , and cool for that very reason . 
  same as the bible is ' o byblos - * the * book . 
  i suspect this is replicated across the member states as well : http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/apr/28/fossil-fuel-lobby-given-far-more-access-to-uk-ministers-than-renewables-analysis, 
   nor has it been the powerful actor in international trade and environmental politics so far in this century that it was in the 1990s . 
  i 'd have to agree with that one . 
  partly , that 's because the commission has been progressively neutered as the eu 's central actor , replaced by the council ( who are now opposed by the parliament ) . 
  partly , it 's because since 2004 the focus has been quite internal , with a lot to do in the former eastern bloc countries after 2004 , and then the crisis . 
  the expansion eastwards brought in countries which were both economically and politically in a different league from the rest of the eu , and which have also proved to be a fifth column for russia and the us . 
  i do note , though , that while the eu is ` less of an actor ' in ` its periphery ' , its periphery is a different place - the eu absorbed the periphery it was acting on before 2004 . 
  and that 's something else that does n't really seem to figure in the analysis - the eu is internally much larger , so it automatically has more influence within a larger area than it did . 
  on the other hand , the two barroso commissions really never seemed to me to be in any way ambitious . 
  i just flat out love this . 
  hmm . 
  essentially , this is a green light for ttip only if the isds mechanism is significantly changed - or , to look at it another way , a warning that ttip wo n't go ahead if it is n't . 
  the commission will now have to say to the us `` oh dear , it looks like we 'll only get ttip if isds is changed , what a pity '' . 
   in that case i wonder how the politics of this will play out . 
  broadly , right-wing pro , left-wing anti , national governments generally pro , but the devil 's very much in the details . 
  politicians who represent protected interests who feel they 're losing from free trade may well have to oppose even if their blocs are pro , and since agriculture and food interests are amongst the most protected by the eu , that may have a wide effect in rural areas across europe . 
  greens , as a rule , are going to be opposed , because freer long-distance trade is n't a positive for them anyway . 
  some politicians may vote pro surprisingly , because of the fundamental political purpose of ttip , which is n't actually about improving eu-us trade as an end in itself , but to create a bloc which can definitely continue to set global standards in the face of the rise of bric economies . 
  even for a green like myself , there would be a definite positive in having the eu-us ( and through tpp , japan , and via ceta , canada ) setting global environmental norms rather than china , india , or russia - the us ( and canada ) may in recent years have made some retrograde decisions on environmental matters , but you notice they 're retrograde primarily because they 're sort of unexpected , and because they involve a fight against existing environmental legislation . 
  god knows which way the us houses will jump . 
  we can generally expect republicans to be pro , democrats to be anti , but us politics is extremely parochial , and all kinds of interests are involved . 
   i 'm also very wary of the lack of transparency . 
  the description and reports are very vague and this thing seems like it 's going to be shoved on us whether we like it or not . 
  it 's orders of magnitude more transparent than any other free trade treaty ever - the lack of detail is because the detail has n't been agreed . 
  and it wo n't be `` shoved on us whether we like it or not '' - on the contrary , it has to pass 28 member state parliaments , the european parliament , and the us houses before it can come into force . 
  there will be plenty of time from the publication of the final draft to those votes to determine whether the treaty is ok or not - as several people have pointed out , it 's far too early to come to a balanced view on ttip . 
  it 's only really possible to give a yes or a no if you 're either opposed in principle to such an agreement no matter it contains , or supportive no matter what it contains . 
  neither of those are really sensible positions . 
   we did n't sign up to having half a dozen ex-communist countries with free movement to be fair , the uk was one of the countries most supportive of including the eastern bloc countries , as part of a general push to have a wider eu rather than a deeper one :  successive enlargements have diluted the aims of the eu 's founding fathers . 
  ever wider europe has replaced ever greater union . 
  the larger the eu becomes , the less likely it is to develop into a true political union . 
  it 's no coincidence the british , whose vision of the eu is a little more than a free-trade zone , are the biggest apologists for enlargement and  to see the real david cameron and his love for the eu we only have to go back to 2013 when on a visit to croatia mr eu cameron suggested that the eu should enlarge into asia . 
   this is what he said ; `` britain has always supported the widening of the eu . 
   `` our vision of the eu is that it should be a large trading and co-operating organisation that effectively stretches , as it were , from the atlantic to the urals . 
   `` we have a wide vision of europe and have always encouraged countries that want to join . '' come to that , the uk also viewed the accession of eastern european countries as a good thing even in terms of immigration specifically . 
   interesting proposals ( which i personally have n't yet considered in depth enough to have a resounding opinion either way on ) . 
  there 's a lot of evidence that ministers who are constituency politicians favour their own constituencies , and as far as i recall , there 's recent research for ireland showing the same thing , especially in school funding . 
  we 've had some ministers who were really dismal in office , but who were re-elected by their constituency afterwards with their usual quota excess . 
  irish ministers seem to be appointed on the basis of a mix of personal allegiance to the current leader , personal support within the party , and certain political considerations such as the likelihood of them bringing in a running mate at the next election . 
  competence does n't really feature , nor does experience - in theory , the seanad provides experience in particular sectors . 
  i do like the idea of a td being required to resign their seat on appointment , presumably resulting in a set of by-elections after the ge , but the proposal seems fraught with pitfalls . 
  would a ` designated alternate ' not make more sense than a government majority suddenly evaporating as a result of the by-elections ?
