  sadly true . 
  any attempt to properly explain the process rapidly becomes bogged down in the detail . 
  but the basics are simple enough - the commission proposes laws when it feels that these are both necessary and likely to be passed . 
  the council represents the member states , and all eu legislation has to be passed by it . 
  however , most eu legislation also now has to be passed by the parliament as well . 
  in the case of something like acta ( or ttip ) the process is slightly more complex , but not that much more . 
  the member states in that case decide they need a treaty of some kind . 
  they then delegate the negotiations to the commission in the form of a mandate . 
  the commission reports back to the council ( and informs the parliament ) as it negotiates . 
  once the council and the commission are happy that the commission has got what best deal it can , they then vote on it . 
  if they pass it , it goes to the parliament . 
  since the council sets the mandate for negotiations , and is fully informed as negotiations go along , the sign-off at the end is largely a formality - hence it can be done at a meeting about something else , like fisheries . 
  nor is there any formal way for citizens to control the vote of their government either on the mandate or the sign-off - the government already has a mandate , and those votes , being non-legislative , are n't even on public record . 
  that 's a particular hobby-horse of mine - my own view of the `` democratic deficit '' is that it 's really the gap where national governments go off to brussels without adequate national control . 
   you might say - `` they did reject it in the end , everything works '' . 
  the way i see it - yet another instance of eu almost passing something ridiculous and ... what the hell ?!, 
  why on earth do they again involve that fisheries meeting ?!, 
  yes , i admit i would say that . 
  it 's only `` another instance of eu almost passing something ridiculous '' if you consider the parliamentary step to be some kind of minor issue , which it increasingly is n't . 
  any piece of legislation , any treaty , has to be written into being before it can be voted on by a parliament , and some government somewhere has to say `` yes , this is the version we 'll go with '' - so by the measure you have there it 's always a case of things `` almost passing '' , if you mean that most of the work and many of the decisions are taken before the parliament ever votes . 
  that 's how it is . 
  so the question really becomes : ( a ) whether the parliament gets long enough for its members to inform their constituents and seek their views , and ( b ) whether the parliament actually cares . 
  in respect of ( a ) , parliaments are generally in charge of their own agenda . 
  that 's particularly true of the ep , which does n't have a dominant ` government party ' which can set the agenda . 
  so if there is n't enough time for this , it 's because the parliament does n't really care to make it so . 
  in respect of ( b ) , i would say , again , that acta showed the ep to be pretty responsive to public feeling . 
  acta was originally expected to pass fairly easily , but public campaigns changed that . 
  in comparison , we had a fairly comparable campaign here in ireland against some quite similar national legislation , which made absolutely no difference , except that the minister responsible came to a public meeting to tell us he was going to ignore us , and why that was a good thing . 
  the government party , duly whipped , rubber-stamped the act in question . 
  with respect to ttip , i would expect the ep to be very aware of how bad they 'll look if it gets fast-tracked , so i expect a good long period of deliberation . 
  depending on how unpopular ttip is , and how strongly the national governments support it , they 'll want to be either voting first or last for maximum impact . 
  if ttip is very strongly supported by all the governments , then in most member state parliaments we can expect it to be voted through by the government party ( maybe after two tries ) , in which case the ep will want to go last . 
  the above assumes , of course , that ttip winds up being a `` mixed agreement '' , meaning it covers both eu competences and national competences - in which case it needs to be passed by all 28 member states as well as the ep . 
   public discussion was rushed and kept to minimum and the decision to adopt acta was made during `` an agriculture and fisheries meeting '' ...  so that we are n't once again being convinced that another `` agriculture and fisheries meeting '' is a great occasion to approve it . 
  i think we may be talking about two different things . 
  the one you describe is the council 's decision - that is , the decision by the member state governments , which i would certainly agree is a major piece of decision-making that needs transparency . 
  however , the public discussion about acta took place rather more with respect to the vote in the european parliament , and i think the fact that there was long enough to mount a fairly effective pressure-your-mep campaign against it argues that the public discussion period was long enough . 
  it 's always nice to have slightly longer to mount such campaigns , of course , but it 's clearly not absolutely required . 
   i 'd be ok with eu officially committing to a certain , long period for public discussion after the final version of agreement is there . 
  upfront saying how the whole process will look like . 
  where they 'll publish the final version , how further steps will look ... 
  putting it on the table ahead of time . 
  sure , i 'd like to see that . 
  it 's interesting , in fact , that none of the `` omg ttip secrecy '' campaigns have suggested such a thing , afaik . 
   because prior to the bail-out , greece 's debt was to private entities i.e. 
  mainly european banks . 
  therefore greece could legally default on its unsustainable debt . 
  default is equally `` legal '' no matter who you do it to . 
  it 's just not consequence-free . 
   i remember the same atmosphere of secrecy and intrigue around acta . 
  that was n't and this is n't how democracy should work . 
  it 's how every treaty works . 
  it 's how every set of negotiations in oppositional circumstances works , including peace negotiations , for good reasons :  secret communications allow parties to focus exclusively on problem-solving rather than on taking positions that seek public approval . 
  ( 2006 ) back-channel negotiation : international bargaining in the shadows , negotiation journal , 22 ( 2 ) , pp . 
  119-144 public approval is sought at the end of negotiations , after the problem-solving . 
  the public does not have to approve , in which case no more has happened than negotiators wasting their time . 
  that 's what happened with acta , which was shot down democratically - the secrecy of the negotiations was irrelevant . 
  it 's what happened with kyoto , which was democratically approved - again , the secrecy of the negotiations was irrelevant . 
  actually , it 's national governments that make that decision . 
  i 've loved this vision of europe all my life . 
  i have no realistic hope of it coming to pass , though . 
  nor would it work , really . 
  it would leave our city states prey to far smaller companies than is currently the case . 
  and that 's acknowledged explicitly in the article , accompanied by some rather silly stuff about wailing eu supporters :  if the electorate recommends this choice to parliament in the forthcoming referendum , there is no higher legal authority which can overturn this decision . 
  sovereignty remains with the uk . 
  the eu and its supporters can wail all they like , can invent all sorts of nonsense about sovereignty , but the sovereign will of the british people exercised through its parliamentary government will prevail nonetheless . 
  its authority is final . 
  so the uk can , as you say , exercise its sovereignty to get its sovereignty back , which it should do to regain sovereignty ? 
  the article 's author seems more than usually confused . 
   the eu has a trade surplus with the us , it could gain from a comprehensive trade & investment agreement , but until now negotiations seem to focus on all areas where the eu only stands to lose . 
  i think that 's not the focus of the negotiations , but the focus of the people who want you to oppose ttip before negotiations are even finished . 
   are they ? 
  can you show me some examples in the uk please . 
  well , rather than choosing any particular one : https://www.google.ie/search?q=uk+government+to+pay+compensation+victims&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=kdexv-t_guqngabsmi2aca so , compensation for terrorist attacks , criminal acts , uk colonial wars , swine flu vaccine , financial misdealings - and that 's all within the last couple of years . 
   perhaps i am wrong , but from all that i have read the reason the law was ` improperly made ' is due to the lack of compensation included in it . 
  that is the only criteria i have seen ? 
  i should have linked to the judgement : http://www.ukmusic.org/assets/general/approved_judgment_basca_second_hearing.pdf the judge 's summary of his judgement that the law was improper :  in the judgment i held that because of a defect in the process by which evidence was collected and evaluated during the consultation process leading up to the adoption of the regulations which introduced section 28b cdpa 1988 the decision to adopt those regulations was unlawful : - not quite because it failed to introduce a compensation mechanism , but because the government , in not introducing a compensation mechanism , had relied on the test that `` no or * de minimis * harm '' was done to the interests of the rights holders - without even defining what * de minimis * was . 
  i * can * understand your point , though ( finally , you say !, 
  ) , so let 's look at that . 
  the reason for a compensation mechanism to exist in such an exception is basically the existence of private property rights , and the general legal tenet that they not be interfered with except either for the public good or with compensation . 
  a private copying exception is an exception to the rights of the owners of the rights to music . 
  it 's not a right itself ( at least not in uk law ) , so there is n't an argument that the rights of the general public to personal copying in some sense trumps the rights to the music . 
  nor is the ability to do personal copying an established necessity . 
  it 's something desirable , certainly , but because the government can not argue that there is either a right or a necessity for personal copying , the exception is made by government fiat , and is seen as diminishing the rights of the music owners - hence the requirement for compensation . 
  the government seems to have accepted the general view outside the music industry that personal copying does not in fact do any harm , and may well do good , to the demand for music - however , they seem not to have actually tested or described that in any rigorous way , but relied on some kind of `` everyone knows this '' ` social proof ' . 
  unfortunately , that 's not a proof the law can accept ( luckily , a lot of the time ) , although the judge explicitly acknowledges it . 
  so the question of whether a private copying exception can be created without a compensation mechanism has actually been left open . 
  the questions for your view are : * do you object in general to the idea of private property rights ? 
  * do you object to the idea that these rights require protection in law ? 
  * do you object to the idea that companies can own private property ? 
  * do you object to the idea that in protecting private property rights , the law protects the private property rights of companies ? 
  * do you object to the idea that music can be private property ? 
  you need to answer yes to at least one of those questions to sustain your objection on any principled basis - otherwise it rather becomes a case of feeling that the government should be able to introduce any law it likes as long as you personally agree with it . 
  some eu countries used to allow the cost of bribes to officials in certain foreign countries to be deducted as a cost of business , where the country in question was considered systemically corrupt . 
  none of those countries accepted bribery of their own officials as legitimate , or bribery as a legitimate way of establishing a legal relationship . 
  again , it does n't matter how companies would like it to be interpreted - or how you believe they might . 
  what matters is how it 's interpreted in law or arbitration , where your interpretation is not used . 
   you 're completely wrong on this . 
  this is the whole crux of the matter . 
  i quote directly you quote the music industry 's views , which are completely irrelevant to whether a problem exists in the creation or interpretation of law , which is done by the government and the courts .
