  yes , a few corporations might get burned , but they 'll serve as a warning to others . 
  a nation that recognizes that how screwing with investors does more harm than good will obviously recieve more investments . 
  it 's an option , but clearly eu governments ( and the us ) do n't think it 's a sufficiently good one . 
  further , i would have said that having a clear mechanism like isds is better than an opaque system of ` concessions ' . 
   that as a whole makes me wonder if arbitrations that rule against nations like the us are enforcable to begin with . 
  nobody wants to kill a trade agreement with the us lightly i assume . 
  ending the treaty is n't the enforcement paradigm , it 's the reputation of the us as per your `` screwing with investors does more harm than good '' . 
   you said a govt . 
  could pressure a law firm . 
  then show me please how . 
  and you asked how the belgian government could pressure a us firm , which is n't relevant , since the belgian government does not need to pick a us arbitrator . 
   if not , why should the foreign investor recieve prefferential treatment ? 
  for failing to keep taps on law making that might effect the bottom line ? 
  i think not . 
  no , in order to encourage investment by foreign firms . 
  that 's kind of the point here - ttip is about encouraging more investment by firms in each others ' markets , and encouraging investment by smaller firms . 
  obviously we do n't * have * to encourage that , it 's optional . 
  but if one * wants * to do it , the offering those firms some protection against the national governments of the markets they 're investing in is an obvious way of encouraging them to do so . 
  the question for someone who does want to encourage such investment is whether isds is a necessary and proportionate mechanism for doing so - but the question is largely being argued about by people who are n't interested in such encouragement in the first place . 
  and obviously if you * do n't * particularly want to encourage such investment by firms in foreign markets , then isds is completely unnecessary . 
  as i said , simply shrugging and saying `` tough shit , they took the risks , they got burned '' is a perfectly viable position . 
  it 's just not one that encourages foreign investment - if that 's ok by you , then continue shrugging . 
   that 's true . 
  i do n't think it 's a problem for companies to suffer material losses due to laws made by the democratically elected government . 
  companies invest in countries betting on the laws staying the same . 
  however , laws are not set in stone ; they can be changed by the democratic process ( thank god ! ) . 
  if they lose out on advertising or whatever , tough luck . 
  like i said , that 's one point of view . 
   the eu and us already have plenty of foreign investment going both ways without isds . 
  and they want to encourage more . 
   isds cases are not about assets but possible future gains . 
  no , they 're still not - the clue is there in the name : isds - * investor * - state dispute resolution . 
  i suggest you have a read of the actual cases rather than listening to other people who did n't bother doing so . 
  campaigners cite vatenfall 's cases as being ( a ) decided ; and ( b ) about future earnings , but the vattenfall case that was decided was about assets/investments by the company . 
  companies can not sue under isds if they have suffered no loss , and notional future earnings are n't a loss . 
  the value into the future of expropriated assets is a part of the loss involved in losing an asset ( since that 's how assets are valued ) , though , and one could mix the two up . 
   and yes , i do think it is ok for governments to organise the market in accordance with the popular will ( as long as no basic human rights are violated ) . 
  that 's not a principle that conflicts with isds , though . 
  compensation where a company has lost assets does n't prevent governments from organising markets in accordance with popular will - it just means that where that organisation is arbitrary ( as opposed to necessary ) it 's not a cost-free exercise . 
  i 'm ok with that as a principle , since i do n't think governments should engage in arbitrary regulation . 
  remember that isds does not apply where regulation is demonstrably necessary to support public policy goals . 
  that 's why the hamburg government 's defence in the first vatenfall case was that the change in legislation was necessary to comply with the water framework directive - their problem was that the panel found that it was n't . 
   they should be equal under the law . 
  however , the law should be upheld by impartial judges - which is guaranteed by the state . 
  similarly , no individual gets to appoint a judge when he gets drawn before court . 
  i really do n't see why companies should have more rights than people . 
  reposting : the problem is that courts apply the law , and the law is created by the government/legislature of the state . 
  obviously a minister telling a judge to make a particular ruling is unacceptable , and unlikely - but the government passing a law that legalises the expropriation of a company 's assets is not at all unlikely , and the national court has to apply that law . 
  that 's the basic problem . 
  governments can rewrite national law in their own favour . 
  when the only people who suffer by it are foreign companies , that 's not even going to be politically costly - it may even gain them votes . 
  expropriation is rarely going to be as straightforward as `` the queen or the prime minister just randomly siezing private assets of foreign investors '' - it takes many forms . 
  for example , let 's say an irish company starts selling irish peat briquettes into the us , spends money on advertising , setting up distribution etc. 
  a us company sees that there 's a market , but does n't want the irish competition . 
  they go to a friendly politician , and he promotes a law saying that only peat products from the us are classified as smokeless ( and therefore ok to burn ) . 
  the law is passed as part of a pork barrel horse trading deal - and really nobody cares . 
  now , if the irish company complains in a us court , it 's going to go nowhere - the law of the land says that us peat is smokeless , foreign peat is n't , the court has no choice , and can offer no remedies . 
  the irish company has little choice but to withdraw , probably selling its distribution network to the us company . 
  there is absolutely nothing whatsoever in any constitution i know of that would come remotely close to providing a basis for the irish company to challenge that law , even though i think it 's absolutely obvious that the irish company has both been discriminated against and has suffered material losses . 
  isds would not allow the irish company to have the law overturned , but it would allow it to seek compensation for the costs it took on ( advertising , distribution ) and possibly the loss of value for the company as a whole . 
  now , one can view that as simply wrong - governments should be able to do whatever they like to companies , however unfair - and one can say that companies should simply bear such risks , tough for them - but i do n't think one can argue that such views encourage foreign investment , nor that they provide any kind of level playing field for foreign companies . 
   anyway , isds cases are not about expropriation cases , but about the implementation of new laws which might hurt future business earnings . 
  that 's simply wrong . 
  it is about expropriation - but you 're just using ` expropriation ' to mean only ` seizure of assets ' - ie , that someone else ( the govt ) * gets * the assets . 
  it 's not important whether someone gets the assets , the question is whether they 're taken away from the company without compensation . 
  as i said , you can view the ability of a government to do that as simply ok , and i think you do , at least when it comes to foreign companies . 
  and that 's a viable position , but not one that would ever encourage foreign companies to invest under your regime . 
   companies are not , nor should be an equal party to any government . 
  they should n't be equal under the law ? 
  i ca n't agree - a government not subject to law , not equal under the law to other parties at law , is a tyranny . 
  nor can i agree more generally . 
  a company is a legal construct , certainly , but it is a legal construct which incorporates the personal interests and private property of individuals . 
  to expropriate a company is to expropriate individuals - to destroy a company is to destroy the work , investment , and livelihoods of individuals . 
   how can , say the belgian govt . 
  pressure an american law firm ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  the belgian government can pick their arbitrator from a belgian law firm . 
   point conceeded , but just barely because i do not now the specific details of each and every case . 
  they 're generally available - i 've read a fair number of them at this stage . 
  the stats are the stats , though - unctad 's stats are here : http://unctad.org/en/pages/newsdetails.aspx?originalversionid=718  by the end of 2013 , the overall number of concluded cases reached 274 . 
  of these , approximately 43 per cent were decided in favour of the state and 31 per cent in favour of the investor . 
  approximately 26 per cent of cases were settled . 
   i also fail to see how proper european courts are somehow biased . 
  i mean at least in my nation we have seperation of powers , checks and balances . 
  i have hard time imagine an mop or a minister ordering a judge how to make his ruling and not causing a major incident . 
  that 's not actually the problem , though . 
  the problem is that courts apply the law , and the law is created by the government/legislature of the state . 
  obviously a minister telling a judge to make a particular ruling is unacceptable , and unlikely - but the government passing a law that legalises the expropriation of a company 's assets is not at all unlikely , and the national court * has to apply that law * . 
  that 's the basic problem . 
  governments can rewrite national law in their own favour . 
  when the only people who suffer by it are foreign companies , that 's not even going to be politically costly - it may even gain them votes . 
  expropriation is rarely going to be as straightforward as `` the queen or the prime minister just randomly siezing private assets of foreign investors '' - it takes many forms . 
  for example , let 's say an irish company starts selling irish peat briquettes into the us , spends money on advertising , setting up distribution etc. 
  a us company sees that there 's a market , but does n't want the irish competition . 
  they go to a friendly politician , and he promotes a law saying that only peat products from the us are classified as smokeless ( and therefore ok to burn ) . 
  the law is passed as part of a pork barrel horse trading deal - and really nobody cares . 
  now , if the irish company complains in a us court , it 's going to go nowhere - the law of the land says that us peat is smokeless , foreign peat is n't , the court has no choice , and can offer no remedies . 
  the irish company has little choice but to withdraw , probably selling its distribution network to the us company . 
  there is absolutely nothing whatsoever in any constitution i know of that would come remotely close to providing a basis for the irish company to challenge that law , even though i think it 's absolutely obvious that the irish company has both been discriminated against and has suffered material losses . 
  isds would not allow the irish company to have the law overturned , but it would allow it to seek compensation for the costs it took on ( advertising , distribution ) and possibly the loss of value for the company as a whole .
