  according to the article it 's as bad as ttip . 
  was it really * really * awful before , or is ttip not so bad , or are such claims basically just bogeyman stuff ? 
  and a bit of a shotgun marriage in the case of ireland entering the union in 1801 . 
   the bank of england is the third largest shareholder in the ecb , despite not being part of the eurozone . 
  the only larger stakeholders are the deutsche bundesbank and the banque de france . 
  in the event of brexit , though , those shares would be returned in full . 
  it 's not as if the boe would lose anything on brexit , so it 's hard to see how the point is relevant . 
   if not , which group do they generally join ( if any ) ? 
  they tend to be opposed to the eu as constituted because their view is that it 's articulating a neoliberal paradigm , rather than being opposed to the eu as an idea or their country 's membership of it . 
  i think that 's true , that the division is economic . 
  if you 're an american in dublin for 10 years working for a multinational , nobody would think of calling you an ` immigrant ' , but if you were a pole who worked in dublin for a couple of years as a plumber , you 're a polish immigrant . 
  there 's an assumption underneath it that if you 're from another rich country you 'll want to go back there , but if you 're from a poorer one you 'll want to stay . 
  the original reuters press release about the study , with more detail : http://reutersinstitute.politics.ox.ac.uk/news/study-shows-majority-press-coverage-eu-referendum-campaign-was-heavily-skewed-favour-brexit  positions vary greatly between newspapers . 
  the daily mail included the most pro-leave articles followed by the daily express , the daily star , the sun and the daily telegraph , while the newspapers including the most pro-remain articles were , in order , the daily mirror , the guardian and the financial times . 
  the articles examined in the times were relatively evenly balanced between the two positions , with a slight preponderance of pro-leave articles . 
  all newspapers , whatever their main position , included some articles from the other point of view , but the proportion of these was smallest in the daily express and the daily mirror . 
  the study itself is not available :  the full report bringing in research for the entire period from february to june will be published in september . 
  median incomes would be a better guide than averages , because a small number of high incomes do n't skew the median . 
  on a per-capita median income basis , the uk was behind sweden , luxembourg , denmark , finland , netherlands , germany , and france . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_income ireland is below slovenia there , whereas on averages we 're well ahead of them - again , we have a small number of very high earners , which skews the average . 
  ooo . . and the worst thing is that a little part of my brain is * still * placing the 1300s before 1200 . 
  early childhood history teaching trauma , perhaps . 
  there seems to be a lot of discussion about the population falls between 1050 and 1200 , none of which seem to mention the black death ? 
   the black death was one of the most devastating pandemics in human history , resulting in the deaths of an estimated 75 to 200 million people and peaking in europe in the years 1346 -- 53  spreading throughout the mediterranean and europe , the black death is estimated to have killed 30 -- 60 % of europe 's total population . 
  i 'm not sure why people are advancing all these special explanations for each individual city . 
  this is n't `` irish schadenfreude '' - there is no point in the rest of the eu `` remembering '' how valuable the uk is as an eu member if the uk leaves . 
  if the uk leaves , it is * not * a member . 
  he 's being blunt , and saying what 's true rather than what would be pr-appropriate . 
  yet people complain about it , even while they applaud it in people like farage - often the same people . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , it will be a non-eu country . 
  there wo n't be a `` special relationship '' . 
   there are no such groups when it comes to cigarettes . 
  or if there are , they are very small indeed . 
  how many smokers do you know that only have two or three cigarettes , once a week ? 
  i have actually known a few smokers who would have a cigarette if they were drinking , or very occasionally , but who did n't otherwise smoke as a normal practice . 
  or ever buy cigarettes . 
  they even had a particular name - `` op smokers '' - because they only smoked other people 's cigarettes , although some of them would occasionally buy a packet for you by way of return . 
  i even knew an op rollie smoker , who always carried rizlas but never tobacco . 
  why not just `` nordics '' ? 
  ireland punching above its weight again !, 
  at the cost of massive increases in debt and massive decreases in territory . 
   it did create animosity in mexico . 
  not in any objectively identifiable way , apparently : http://www.thechicagocouncil.org/sites/default/files/mexico-usreport.pdf i think it 's easy to see the occasional and widely-reported ( of course ) spat as indicating a general animosity , but that 's just a quirk of the way humans interpret events . 
   so it is not unreasonable to assume gmo , pesticide , palm oil , cool labels ( in the eu ) would all disappear except that none of those have been ruled against at the wto ( nor have other us labeling schemes ) - which suggests that perhaps the cool system in particular was the problem , rather than labeling in general . 
  this is perhaps one of the most hysterical ttip articles i 've yet seen . 
   in short , there is a real risk that ttip will backfire and actually increase animosity between europe and the united states . 
  has nafta made canadians hate the us ? 
  and is the author entirely unaware of the quite regular trade fights between the eu and us ? 
   it would be bizarre if that 's what he actually said as obviously the eu has signed more deals than that , but the eu has nonetheless punched below it 's weight it was exactly what he said . 
  and it 's true that the eu has few bilateral trade deals at present . 
  on the other hand , there are more than a few currently awaiting ratification , such as ceta . 
  i 'm not sure why the eu took so long to get around to making those deals . 
  is this the usual group of german `` professors and entrepreneurs '' who regularly bring such challenges ? 
   the ecb 's current policy is neither necessary nor appropriate to directly revive the economy in the euro zone by increasing the inflation rate to around 2 percent in terms of consumer prices , '' markus kerber , a lawyer and professor of public finance who initiated the complaint , was quoted as saying . 
  seems likely to be :  german professor markus c. kerber kerber has already launched a complaint against the ecb with the eu 's general court in luxembourg ( the former court of first instance ) . 
  in his booklet `` die ezb vor gericht '' ( the ecb in the dock ) he sets out his arguments . 
  in addition to the smp itself ( established on 14 may 2010 ) , professor kerber also challenges the ecb 's decision to drop its quality requirements for the collateral that greek , irish and portuguese banks can post with the ecb in return for loans ( the decisions made on 6 may 2010 , 31 march 2011 and 7 july 2011 ) . 
  he claims these that articles violate articles 123 till 125 of the eu treaty , saying :, 
  exactly . 
  this is a nice snappy little myth , will play well , and requires quite complex information to counter - information that 's primarily available from the eu . 
  ah , boris :  `` as for the argument that we need the muscle of eu membership if we are to do trade deals -- well , as i say , at the results after 42 years of membership , the eu has done trade deals with the palestinian authority and san marino . 
  bravo . '', 
  a rather fuller picture : http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2012/june/tradoc_149622.png, 
  we have just one word for rain . 
  it 's `` weather '' . 
  neither napoleon nor hitler wanted to establish anything like the eu anyway , so your choice of ` others ' is effectively unlimited . 
  and i 'm sure that mentioning those two - napoleon and hitler - would have no resonances in the uk . 
  that they happen to be the uk 's top two historical villains is entirely accidental ... 
  and also tells enormous whoppers with a straight face and a twinkle . 
   if you want to attack the validity of the focus in this article , then by all means feel free . 
  economic arguments can never capture all the scope of the context . 
  i would say that an article which leaves out some of the eurozone countries in order to come to a conclusion about all of them has rather an open goal in that respect . 
  the cherry-picking of compared non-eurozone countries is equally typical of such articles . 
  and that 's before we get onto the issue of using single-factor economic ` explanations ' . 
  but then , the majority of pop economic articles tend to be lightly disguised political narratives . 
  i sometimes think it may be true of a lot of economics itself . 
  but if what one is arguing is that the creation of a fixed exchange rate area - thus limiting the freedom of monetary policy - is responsible for the under-performance of the eurozone - then ignoring economic performance under the erm is a case of using carefully hand-picked goalposts in the first place . 
  sometimes people 's goalposts do need to be moved , because they 're set up in a special way to ensure a goal by virtue of their position . 
  no , it means the right to use income-generating assets in such a way that they could generate income - it does n't include any right to actual profits , since there is no guarantee of profits in any business , and therefore there can be no legitimate expectation of them . 
  of course , you could be using `` profits '' as an emotive term to mean income , to make it sound like something everyone agrees nobody has a right to expect , as opposed to `` income from an income generating asset '' , which people do generally agree one has a right to expect ... 
  but that would be naughty . 
  until it was forced out , sure . 
  but still the currencies * were * already pegged before 1999 , just in bands rather than fixed relations , and the euro 's predecessor as a unit of account , the ecu , was already in operation . 
  so unless you mean to use ` pegged ' only as a totally fixed exchange rate - which you should really note - then they were pegged . 
  i doubt you can really attribute economic failures and successes in the way they 're often attributed , though , to one-dimensional factors like the euro . 
  people in the uk often attribute the recession of the early nineties to the erm ( rather than , say , the bursting of the uk 's property bubble ) , and then its later 90s boom to not being in erm - but ireland had a massive boom in the later 90s inside the erm . 
  by the time one has finished explaining away all the differences and exceptions a one-factor explanation involves , one might as well simply say `` yeah , this is nonsense , i 'm only doing it because it tells a political story i like '' . 
  it does n't really remain to be interpreted , since it 's a fairly standard legal phrase . 
  the european exchange rate mechanism pegged member state currencies to each other within bands - it started in 1979 . 
  apparently they do n't see the possibilities you do ... 
  lots more rules on copyright , lots more complexity , basically . 
  the rules on refugees are already pretty much international , the rules on copyright are national and riddled with the relics of lobbying by particular interests and weird government ideas specific to that country . 
  that seems likely . 
  quoting reda ( pirate party mep ) :  it is not general progress that is so slow but thr political will to take the appropriate legislation into account . 
  creating common copyright law requires all sides to work together . 
  copyright holders would not be the only ones to benefit from cross-border cultural exchange but individual member states also have to be willing to legalise usage forms that are already legal in other eu countries , such as modelling public buildings , quoting from videos or creating parodies of copyright protected works . 
  many governments are not willing to do this . 
   tbh , i do n't feel very well-informed about how exactly the law in eu is made , how the process looks like . 
  i 'd gladly read some overview/summary . 
  everything i read so far feels overly complicated and bombastic .
