  no - you put forward the idea that the eu would dissolve the nation states . 
  all i 've argued against , throughout this very long and repetitive exchange , is that idea , because i do n't see that people want that . 
  and it 's something that very obviously has * not * happened . 
   it was a federal element , and it is an element that has been evolved as a matter of process , upto the point they 're now rephrasing it as ` norm voting ' . 
  so what you accept as federalist in nature is now being used as ` norm ' . 
  but this argument is the classic `` slippery slope '' argument that movement in a particular direction can simply be extrapolated to whatever degree one likes . 
  you 've basically stated that the eu now contains more federal elements than it did ten years ago , which is true , and that federalists say federalist things , which is also true . 
  can you go from that to the conclusion that the eu will therefore necessarily become a fully federal system ? 
  not logically , no , because there is no such inevitability . 
  you believe that it will , because you believe the eu is * already * successfully being pushed forward by federalists , as evidence of which , you connect two things - increased federal elements , and statements by federalists . 
  so the statements by federalists are evidence of a federalist agenda , and the increase in federalist elements in the eu is evidence of the success of that agenda , and you therefore confidently predict further federalism because what you see is that the eu is being driven by an already successful federalist agenda . 
  is it possible to disprove that circle ? 
  no , it never is . 
  all one can observe is that the federalists are not actually in charge , that their agenda is just one agenda , that it can only go as far as people want , and that people do n't want * the logical outcome that can be extrapolated from it , and that it therefore wo n't * happen . 
  * the caveat there , of course , is that they * currently * do n't want it , and therefore it * currently * wo n't happen . 
  if the majority come to want it , then presumably it will happen , but under those circumstances i ca n't really see a valid objection to it happening . 
   qmv it 's factually called qualified majority voting , and it appears you are using to argue that the eu is federal because a sovereign state can be outvoted . 
  while majority voting is indeed a federal element of the eu , does this give us the `` federal eu '' picture you painted , and which i referred to as a ` scare tactic ' ? 
  no , it does n't , and there 's the nub of the argument . 
  yes , to an ardent sovereigntist , anything other than intergovernmentalism ( with each state having a veto ) is wrong , but it has been adopted not as part of the glorious federalist march to the dissolution of the nation-states but because intergovernmentalism is as inefficient between nations as it is anywhere else . 
  we would not attempt to run our parliaments on the basis of each mp having a veto , and you ca n't run something like the eu on that basis either . 
  i 'll make the point again , which is that i 'm not a federalist , but i do regard as very silly the ardent sovereigntist 's anathema of anything that abridges absolute national sovereignty . 
  equating qmv with federalism broadens the definition of federalism to a point where it encompasses virtually everything that is not westphalian absolutism , whose perniciousness has indeed been repeatedly proven , and which needs to be consigned to the dustbin of history along with its intellectual companion and supporter social darwinism . 
  you repeatedly call me out of date , but i have at least left the nineteenth century . 
  no transcript -  no comment . 
   qmv directly means overturning sovereign states qed . 
  you 're very keen to show that the eu is a federation , and has been made so by the agenda of federalists , but your multiple links just reprise `` integration = federalism '' , and your quotes show only federalists approving of integration . 
  you keep using integration - qmv , handing competences to the eu - as evidence that the eu is federal , but they 're not evidence that the eu is federal * unless * we take any and all integration as federal , which begs the question of whether the eu is federal by widening the definition of federal so far as to be meaningless , and making * every * international body with majority voting a federal body . 
  the fundamental divide here is my view that the eu is * not * a federal body but a partially integrated intergovernmental framework . 
  it 's not federal because what would be the `` federal centre '' is not in charge , but is subservient to the states , who write the governing treaties , form the senior chamber of its legislature , appoint the federal centre ( insofar as the commission is that centre ) , and run the european council which sets the eu 's agenda . 
  until those fundamental architectural points change , the eu is n't federal , which is why we can speculate on the * possible * shape of a federal eu . 
   this is the point where you go back to your first position that the federalism that is currently happening , or has already happened , is unpopular and so it could n't possibly be true . 
  well , perhaps to put an end to this increasingly circular debate , and to save us going over absolutely every red herring and smoke bomb in the eurosceptics ' arsenal , i 'll repeat the point that the federalism you `` see happening '' actually is n't , because , to repeat myself again , what you 're seeing is a vision you 've constructed . 
  what i see is a rather heath robinson thing constructed partly by several sets of well-meaning people with different goals ( including , yes , actual federalists that you can quote and everything ) and mostly by a combination of pragmatic horse-trading and a willingness to bend where necessary . 
  it 's run by the governments of europe , poorly controlled by the legislatures of europe , and if it ceased to exist tomorrow , it would be reinvented starting monday morning . 
  it 's neither a last great hope nor an evil empire , it 's just a framework for solving european problems jointly , to the extent that national rivalry and the desire of national politicians to hold onto national powers allows . 
  and it 's something i 'm mostly in favour of , because working together is generally better than working against each other , even if not everyone is comfortable with it . 
  no , again you 're demonstrating my point , which is that you see any integration as federalism , and immediately equate it with the federalism you fear . 
  that 's * exactly * what you 're doing in that post - that you do n't see it at all is also quite telling , but it does make this discussion rather repetitive . 
  the changes to the rules are not negotiated by `` self-identifying federalists '' but by national governments . 
  the current set of rules is indeed being pushed , because the rules were negotiated before the crisis and have proven to be only partially adequate for dealing with the crisis . 
  the idea that they 're pre-planned sneaking steps on a pre-determined road to federalism is utter , utter twaddle - god knows , if they were , they might have been less awkward . 
  although of course that does n't mean anything to you , since the apparent political difficulty in negotiating them is presumably just smoke and mirrors , while the results are automatically bad because they 're ` federal ' . 
   lisbon held all the same competences as the constitution . 
  the only superficial things that were dropped were the likes of the flag and anthem . 
  yes , that 's what i said - the content did n't change much , because the content was n't the problem as far as anyone could see . 
  the form was important , objectionable , and got changed . 
  you 're fundamentally just demonstrating the point i keep making about you , which is that you see any integration as federalism . 
  i 'm not sure why you even argue it except that i have to be wrong on all counts . 
  no , this is just repetition at this stage . 
  you 're not talking about the `` actual actions of federalists '' but about the interpretations you ascribe to certain events , some of which represent the opposite of what you believe them to . 
  for example , the constitution was an explicitly federal document - a constitution for the eu . 
  it did not create a federal europe , but the idea of a constitution was very much a federal idea . 
  that was rejected , and one of the reasons it was rejected was that it was a step too far in the federal direction . 
  lisbon was not the same thing , even though it contained pretty much the same content . 
  it was n't a constitution but simply a standard amending treaty , which the governments of europe felt would be more palatable to their legislatures and/or citizens . 
  you seem to believe that the only difference was the name , and that thus lisbon sneaked through the contents of the constitution , when it was the contents that were the problem . 
  but the contents were n't the problem - the majority of objections to lisbon 's content were fabricated complaints based on a rejection of any further integration , and it 's very difficult to think of a genuine complaint about the contents that motivated more than a tiny minority . 
  the problem was the federalist intent behind the constitution 's form , not its content , while the reason why it was put to referendum in several countries which did n't then hold referendums for lisbon was purely pr . 
  even so , more people in the eu voted for it than against it . 
  that 's why federalists were unhappy with lisbon - because it represented a step back from the explicit federalism of the constitution . 
  lisbon did n't , therefore , represent sneaking federalism in when it could n't be got in through the constitution , but the opposite - the abandonment of a federalist constitutional document in favour of a standard intergovernmental amending treaty . 
  and still your argument is simply that , to you , any integration = federalism , and any federalism = the bad kind of federalism you conceive of . 
  and you still have n't even begun to make a case for that except in your own head . 
  and yes , the `` there 's premeditation in all '' is paranoia - * obviously * these things get thought about and discussed beforehand , there 's nothing sinister in that , i 'm afraid . 
  to reiterate my basic point here - yes , there are federalists ( although not very many ) , yes , a fraction of those federalists want the kind of federal europe you described originally . 
  but they 're not going to get it , because they 're a very small number , and even those in influential positions are still vastly outnumbered and outgunned by those in equally or more influential positions who * do n't * want that kind of federal europe . 
  you 're opposing integration on the basis of it leading to somewhere it has a very miniscule chance of it going , and claiming every single integrative step is necessarily a step on the road to that exact destination . 
  that 's rubbish , i 'm glad to say , and will continue to be rubbish no matter how much of this page you fill with quotes and your personal interpretations of events that demonstrate nothing except that you equate * any * integration with the creation of a nation-state-dissolving federal use . 
  which is the same in the eu . 
  again , do n't see that that would change in a federal eu . 
  not every constitution allows for binding referendums , or even referendums . 
  the uk and holland , for example , can not have binding referendums because that would challenge the supremacy of the monarch in parliament . 
  other countries have constitutions which preclude the use of referendums on particular subjects - the italians ca n't have them on treaties , and i 'm not sure the germans can have them on anything except lander boundary changes . 
  the irish and the danes are , as far i know , the only ones with legal triggers for referendums ( god bless our constitution and raymond crotty ) . 
  and accepted by us at a second vote that was held because * our government * wanted a yes and had made a complete bags of the first vote just as they had at nice . 
  if we 'd wanted to vote no again , we would have done so . 
  we did n't , and some people need to get over their disappointment in the perfidy of the irish public . 
  shrug . 
  you 're still missing my original point , which is that support for federalism ! = support for the kind of federalism you envisage . 
  and yes , picking one thing someone says because that particular statement supports the case is cherry-picking . 
  it 's not a question of whether they did say that one thing , and repeating over and over that they did say it does n't strengthen the case . 
  nor does `` referendums being overturned , constitutions rewritten into unreadable enabling treaties and passed without meps given the time to decipher it , quantitative majority voting being passed , or in the case of article 125 unconstitutional spreading of debt under their own rules '' have anything to do with proving what you claim is happening . 
  some of those show a clumsily evolving eu under pressure , and some of them never happened at all . 
  it certainly does impair the eu 's ability to enforce and implement policies , but that 's not a problem in any way sufficient to require such a drastic response . 
  if we do n't get eu policies that are as effective as they could be because they 're internally opposed by the member states , that 's how it goes - the member states are * supposed * to be in charge , not the eu . 
  well , no . 
  i do n't see what you see . 
  according to you , that 's because i have my head buried in order not to see it , which presupposes you 're right . 
  thing is , i do n't think you 're right . 
  to be honest , i think you 're looking into some dark corner of your mind and mistaking it for reality . 
  continuing to insist that you 're right is your prerogative , but as far as i 'm concerned you 've offered an incredibly flimsy story that relies on cherry-picking and paranoia . 
  and believing that i 'm only saying that because i refuse to look squarely at `` the truth '' is also your prerogative . 
  the eu does n't hold referendums , though . 
  the national governments do . 
  unfortunately , this is a traditionally poor way of making an argument - stringing together a few statements by a few people , ignoring any other statements by the same people that might contradict those , and the fact that what they 're advocating is neither possible nor about to become so because those people do n't make the rules . 
  if martin schulz says germany should assume other countries ' debts , and angela merkel says no , the answer is no , because angela merkel , national politician , calls the shots . 
  this kind of argument relies on two things - first , ` cherry-picking ' , and second , paranoia . 
  first you take scary-sounding comments , then you ignore that the people saying them have no power to make them happen , then you claim it 's happening , and that you 've proved it by referencing these statements . 
  hidden underneath that is the assumption that these statements are merely the protruding tips of the secret forces that will bring about the thing in question , which is the paranoia .
