  australia and nz see themselves as part of the asian sphere , canada and the us in the american sphere . 
  canada rather explicitly values its relationship with europe more highly than its relationship with the uk ( partly because they share equally strong links with france ) , and uk trade with oceania is tiny compared to , say , trade with ireland ( australia is the uk 's 20th largest export market , and 36th largest import market , nz is even further down ) . 
  i think this is what people are saying when they say the idea that the uk looks more to those countries than it does to other eu countries is primarily sentiment or fantasy - and the idea that those countries look more to the uk than to their neighbours seems even more of a fantasy . 
  on the level of emotion , sure . 
  on the level of almost anything practical , from trade to defence/security cooperation , the real links are with europe . 
  as leave campaigners pointed out , ironically , leaving the eu does n't mean leaving europe . 
  this is why the dutch are only allowed a small bit of the north sea . 
   of course it makes a difference if devaluation makes the cutting easier and more palatable . 
  if those are your priorities . 
  from an economic perspective , they are the same effect , one achieved directly , the other achieved with a blunt instrument . 
   ireland was not as hard hit as iceland . 
  and ireland was not that impressive : https://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/08/16/ireland-is-the-success-story-of-the-future-and-always-will-be/?_r=0 krugman 's comments on ireland are not , i 'm afraid , impressive in ireland - he has been factually wrong on several occasions . 
  and data from three-years ago is data from three years ago . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i think krugman is a good economist . 
  but he 's moved into or been cast into the role of a media pundit , and that means his error rate has gone way up . 
   while historically no , the greeks have already accepted large cuts , presumably because there really is an understanding that the situation is extraordinary . 
  i think it is fair to assume that they would be able to show at least some restraint . 
  but if they can be cut , then they 're not really a good argument for devaluation . 
  in that case , devaluation just amounts to doing the same thing more sneakily . 
   the point is that the economy was gridlocked due to prices generally being unsustainably high . 
  by lowering prices via devaluation ( as iceland successfully did ) , prices find their correct level quickly , the economy starts rolling , and the reinvigorated economy can pay back loans . 
  ireland has done the same thing , without devaluation . 
  and overall , i think the irish economy is probably in better shape . 
   it is basic supply and demand - if a vacation to greece is suddenly half as expensive , then surely demand will rise , even in a recession . 
  of course , but only to the level dictated by demand . 
  in a general recession , boosting demand by 10 % produces a much less impressive result than it would during a boom . 
  that would have the opposite effect , but i do n't think it 's included in the measure . 
   yes it can . 
  because the other prices and wages can then rise , while pensions stay the same . 
  hence too high pensions have been effectively reduced . 
  i take your point - the inflationary effects of the devaluation are allowed to feed through into prices and wages , while fixed pensions do n't rise . 
  on the other hand , the political record on pensions is of above-inflation increases , which is the cause of `` too high pensions '' . 
  that does not suggest that governments would be able to resist pressure to raise them . 
   and in any case , pension costs will be lowered compared to external state loans . 
  but the own-currency costs of servicing such loans will have risen , and in the same proportion . 
   i have been in greece during the recession . 
  it is not as if tourism disappeared entirely no , but that 's not the point , is it , it not `` disappearing entirely '' ? 
  the idea is that if tourism is your major export earner , you 'd need it to rise strongly on foot of devaluation - which it would n't have done , because the demand was n't there to support such a rise . 
   for example , lowering pensions would have been trivial and relatively uncontroversial if they could devalue . 
  it is very much not so now . 
  but devaluation can not lower pensions relative to anything else in the same economy - can not , therefore , reduce the burden of it on the same economy . 
  what it would do , in a country like greece which is heavily dependent on imports , is reduce the standard of living . 
   greece has lots of tourism . 
  tourism is an export in every way that matters albeit not a terribly useful one during a global recession . 
  it 's not really `` middle-term '' - the whole point of devaluation is that it 's quick , and you can hope to benefit a bit before reality grinds back . 
  in the case of of advanced economies , though , the benefit would be much reduced , because although your exports benefit from the exchange rate , very few supply chains begin and end in the same country , so your intermediate costs rise just as quickly . 
  in the case of greece , it would hardly have helped , because greece is and always has been a very low-earning export country . 
  in the case of the uk , the floating pound does n't seem to have helped at all - the uk adopted exactly the same austerity as everyone else . 
  in the case of iceland , it was overshadowed by capital controls . 
   but it is quite obvious that fixing your exchange rate will take away a country 's ability to handle asymmetric shocks at a country level . 
  it can not do , because being able to devalue does absolutely nothing for a country 's ability to handle such shocks . 
  it has some slight short-term benefit , but no long-term one at all . 
  and it 's of no particular relevance to an asymmetric shock as such . 
  i think what you mean is that it allows countries to adapt individually - or , rather , pretend to adapt - to the impact on them individually ? 
  i 'm not sure , therefore , why people keep talking about devaluation . 
  for the financial crisis , it would have done absolutely nothing at all except allowed governments to pretend they were doing something active , while achieving exactly sod-all . 
  why is it important that they should be able to make such a pretence ? 
   it is a quick dismissal , but that does not make it cheap . 
  your `` everybody are idiots '' points was cheap . 
  more misunderstood , i think . 
  economists are not idiots , but economic prediction is hardly a science . 
   no , the main claim was that the countries would have no tools to handle an asymmetric shock , when they could not devalue their currency , and without fiscal transfers . 
  sorry , is that krugman 's claim ? 
  i 'm referencing his work in the debates on the euro before it was implemented - his writings after the crisis do not , for obvious reasons , qualify as predictions . 
   when they could not devalue their currency , and without fiscal transfers . 
  the point of the article referenced in this thread is the exact opposite of that point , though . 
  governments * did * have tools available to them . 
  they did n't use them , and could not fall back on the old faithful of devaluation , which is politically popular rather than actually useful . 
  europe as a group of nations has * never * had a fiscal transfer mechanism , so i 'm not sure what the relevance is to the euro . 
  disclaimer : i like this article , because the main problem with the eurozone during the crisis has long seemed to me to be that governments did not have access to the tools they used to use in crises , and they and the central banks completely failed to come up with the necessary new ones . 
  the reason the euro did away with the old ` silver bullets ' like devaluation and interest rate manipulation , though , was that they did n't work - they had been used by governments in various crises post-war , and failed each time . 
  they were crowd-pleasers - the public could be told the government was doing something , and some explanation invented as to why it had failed this particular time . 
  it was n't even the euro that took those tools away from the politicians , come to that - the growth of independent central banks came about for exactly those reasons , and to keep those tools away from politicians . 
  they retain their crowd-pleasing quality though - here we have people claiming that devaluation would have sorted out the `` euro crisis '' chop-chop , even though devaluation has never cured any crisis , and made a good deal of them worse . 
  institutions evolve , but people do n't change . 
  well , to be fair we were also told that at a period of market panic , we were n't going to be allowed to throw petrol on the fire for the sake of the few billion we might have saved . 
  had we done so , and more importantly had the ecb been seen to be allowing us to do so , the markets would have frozen solid as everyone scrambled to ditch bank debt . 
  that would have cost europe multiples of what we saved . 
  of course , myths like `` ireland bailed out the euro '' or that our bank rescue was `` 42 % of eurozone bank bailouts '' make it hard to believe that we 'd have blown up the eurozone financial system for the sake of a few billion . 
  reading what actually happened , on the other hand , says that 's what we would have done given the chance , just as we destabilised everyone else 's banks with our guarantee equally thoughtlessly . 
   this sounds to me like you joined a reverse cargo cult . 
  and that sounds to me like a cheap attempt at a quick dismissal . 
   some economists like krugman have a very good track record , especially in this crisis . 
  statistically , this will always be true . 
  however , it sounds as if you do n't actually disagree with the claim that * in general * economists make predictions based on their ideological position , but want to preserve the good name of economists you happen to like . 
   they specifically said the problem was an asymmetric shock , which is what happened . 
  `` the problem was an asymmetric shock '' is so broad a claim as to be meaningless . 
  you can use it to claim that almost anything was predicted as long as it happened unequally . 
  krugman 's view before the crisis was that asymmetric shocks became more likely and stronger , as the reduction of borders would lead to greater specialisation . 
  i 'm not sure whether that 's the case for the euro crisis - that is , that it was stronger than it would otherwise have been . 
  sure , people say it was , but that 's not the same thing - they say it because the results are obviously asymmetric , but that 's back-fitting . 
  the general view seems to be that the damage was done to the competitiveness of the peripheral countries through the interest rate convergence that followed the euro . 
  that was n't , as far as i recall , a well-predicted occurrence , at least partly because it had nothing to do with the structure of the euro , but reflected a ( mostly inaccurate ) market belief that the euro had spread risk across the eurozone in particular , and more broadly a global market belief that quantified and complex derivatives had largely eliminated risk . 
  i do n't recall krugman making that prediction . 
  depends on the cheese . 
  edam would do a reasonable job , i think , and it 's a far better use than eating it . 
   the economists who accurately predicted the current euro crisis has a lot of credibility in my book . 
  not in mine , i fear . 
  in general , economists make predictions based on their ideological position .
