  it looks more like a lose-lose for everyone but greece - the private bondholders get burned , the greeks save $ 100bn , and the eu taxpayer shoulders the rest . 
   again with this elitism . 
  i have a college degree but am not drowning the people i deal with with technicalities and `` let us take care of the complicated stuff for you '' . 
  i would have said i do my best to explain anything technical if necessary - if it 's not necessary , i do n't , i assume people understand it . 
  i 'm not sure you can really claim that someone is simultaneously `` drowning people in technicalities '' * and * saying `` let us take care of the complicated stuff '' - after all , the technicalities * are * the complicated stuff . 
  if you 'd like a technicality explained , just ask . 
   they could have caught the greek debacle 20 years ago by imposing a standard tax system except , of course , they ca n't - if by the eu you mean the commission etc. 
  the national governments of the member states could have done , with or without the eu , but they 've never chosen to do so . 
  heck , they 've shot down the commission 's common corporate tax base for years . 
  european governments both compete and cooperate , but they only cooperate to the extent that they choose to do so , and tax is something they compete on . 
   little people can not fathom the complexity of all of this rather more that many people are n't bothering to try to do so , i 'd have said . 
  i do n't think you need an actual interlocutor with opinions of their own for this . 
  i 've always liked `` naive '' , though , as a put-down for people who do n't agree with you . 
  it 's kind of endearing . 
   you know that 's a lie . 
  recall 2005 and the lisbon treaty scandal ? 
  do you mean the fact that the european constitution was redrafted as the lisbon treaty by the member state governments ? 
  the only way one could see that as relevant is if one confuses the member states with the commission , and habitually refers to them both as `` the eu '' without bothering to distinguish . 
  the commission does not draft treaties , does n't get involved with the political process of their ratification , does n't campaign - in fact , has a tendency to sit on its hands making out like the whole thing has nothing to do with them at all . 
  as is in fact the case - they 're a civil service , they work for the governments of the member states , as malmstrom said . 
   they will not take no for an answer . 
  they 'll drown us in procedure and paperwork , but ultimately , it will be whatever the commission decided based on what the lobbyists managed to extract . 
  sure , like they did with acta . 
  oh , no , wait , acta was voted down by the ep . 
  ttip will be up before at least the ep , more probably all the national parliaments . 
   why not a solid academic discussion of the benefits and disadvantages of ttip , so the public is well informed of the effects of ttip and can influence their lawmakers . 
  there have been several studies ( 2-3 at least i 'm aware of ) , but they are of course speculative , because you can hardly state what the effects of an agreement will be when it has n't even been negotiated . 
   is this the pr account of the eu parliament ? 
  it 's funny , you know . 
  there 's a lot of information on ttip available , so much that someone with an amateur interest like myself can get pretty expert - yet the more knowledge you have , the more people assume you 're some kind of paid agent . 
  as if ignorance was some kind of badge of honesty . 
   but this is not as simple as you would have thought . 
  for instance , a patent is an asset , what about if in future we wanted to restrict software patents in the eu ? 
  or someone buys a piece of land with planning permission , and the government subsequently restricts what can be built there through a shift in policy . 
  i do n't think you can draw a hard line between what is illegitimate seizure of assets and what is reasonable policy-making . 
  you usually can , and then there are a number of edge cases where it becomes difficult , but it 's never impossible , and it has to be done . 
  for example , rezoning is clearly a public policy goal , unless there 's some reasonable suspicion of corruption or deliberate action not taken to meet public policy goals . 
  arbitration panels are n't going to consider a case where there is no such reasonable suspicion . 
  similarly with the patents . 
  at the moment some countries believe that software patents promote innovation ( or at least i presume that 's what they believe ) - and fostering innovation is a public policy goal . 
  if it were shown that software patents , on the contrary , stifle innovation - then abolishing software patents is an act that simply follows the same policy goal . 
  there is n't a grey area . 
  where there would be a grey area is if the abolition of patents was taken , not on the basis that anyone had demonstrated that they stifle innovation , but on the basis that a politician did n't like them . 
  because that 's arbitrary . 
  something worth remembering is that this is an agreement by governments . 
  if arbitration were to start regularly producing the absurdly pro-corporate results that campaigners claim , the governments would dismantle the system . 
  it 's their pitch , their ball , and they 're only allowing a level playing field to encourage investment . 
  if it stops being worth it , then they take the ball , and the pitch , home . 
   and i also think bad behaviour is already amply disincentivized by the risk of driving away investment in a massively globalized economy . 
  clearly governments do n't think so . 
  we obviously have eu-us investment , but that in no way means there could n't be more , and different - currently , it 's big players who can bear the risks . 
  small companies who nobody 's going to get into a trade fight over by and large simply do n't do it . 
   i am confused by this . 
  you would hardly have thought it would be considered a trade deal at all if neither side is bound . 
  i think there 's a huge over-estimation of the current level of trust and cooperation between the eu and the us . 
  there may be specific provisions in ttip on a small number of things , but by and large , the agreement is about how to do things , not the things themselves , and they are based , as the explanatory text says , on `` voluntary cooperation based on common interest '' :  as regards cooperation on regulatory acts adopted by an eu member state or a us state , article 11 of the eu proposal ( ` information and regulatory exchanges on regulatory acts at non - central level ' ) ** provides for voluntary cooperation based on common interest ** . 
  article 11 is meant to facilitate the exchange of information on significant regulatory acts upon request by one side . 
  the responsible regulators ultimately decide whether or not to enter into regulatory exchanges . 
  this cooperation would only cover regulations adopted by the central national authorities of an eu member state or the central authorities of a us state . 
  what 's binding is what the two agree not to do - primarily , not to put limits on each others ' companies in terms of number allowed , size allowed , local ownership - and similar agreements not to put arbitrary barriers in place . 
  the result is surprisingly woolly , given the `` legislative lock-in '' ttip is supposed to create . 
  for example , this , on licensing from the [ services chapter ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/july/tradoc_153669.pdf ) :  conditions for licencing and qualification  1 . 
  each party shall ensure that measures relating to licencing requirements and procedures , qualification requirements and procedures are based on criteria which preclude the competent authorities from exercising their power of assessment in an arbitrary manner . 
  the criteria referred to in paragraph 1 shall be : ( a ) proportionate to a legitimate public policy objective ; ( b ) clear and unambiguous ; ( c ) objective ; ( d ) pre - established ; ( e ) made public in advance ; ( f ) transparent and accessible . 
  that 's about as excitingly specific as ttip seems to get so far . 
  so , yes , the intention is cooperation without obligation - where a regulation gets harmonised , what needs to happen is that a regulatory working body would try to produce a harmonised version , and the eu and the us would separately , as per their usual methods , decide whether to ratify it or not :  ** the adoption of regulations would remain in the hands of domestic regulatory and legislative bodies or institutions . 
  ** any future initiative to further regulatory compatibility would follow the democratic process of each side , in full respect on the european side of the role of eu member state s and the european council and parliament , respectively . 
  that may seem weird , but only if you think of ttip as a huge package of `` joint eu-us regulations '' , which it is n't , because the two sides are a very long way away from that sort of cooperation . 
   is n't this also the reason why it 's considered a ` mixed agreement ' and will therefor require approval of all national parliaments ? 
  sort of - it 's because it could involve domestic issues that are n't already the responsibility of the eu . 
   so she would still be correct that she 's not representing european citizens , but np 's will when they 'll vote for the agreement . 
  exactly so . 
   you 're correct , but the problem is that this is a system built for when trade deals were exclusively about tariffs between countries , and had nothing to do with domestic laws . 
  at last , someone who can actually spot a real problem !, 
   some of these specific issues are going to be resolved , but the point is that the scale of the deal is enormous , and it has significant reach into domestic regulation in many , many areas . 
  it 's like batching up 15 years of domestic regulation , with the drafting process done behind closed doors , delivering it as a package which the parliament can broadly only agree or disagree with , and then freezing that legislation in time . 
  i do n't think it is appropriate to conduct the process in this way . 
  nicely summarised . 
  a lot depends on whether ttip is a package of specific agreements , or an agreement on how to agree . 
  certainly the [ eu proposals on regulatory convergence ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1230#regulatory-cooperation ) are the latter , not the former . 
    and in general , will the eu , or a member state , be able to take any action it deems reasonable , or will we possibly be forced to pay compensation to companies for loss of profits , or , in order to change domestic rules , have to simultaneously negotiate alterations in collaboration with the us and god knows how many other countries with whom we have signed similar trade deals ? 
  again , referring to the eu proposals , the answer seems to be that converged/harmonised regulations would n't be set in stone as some kind of ` joint legislation ' - to be honest , i 'm not sure how that could be done without some kind of eu-us union - but would be kept equivalent by the will of the two parties only . 
  as for compensation - under isds , presumably - the measure is not really ` lost profits ' , but damage in terms of lost assets ( the value of which includes their future earnings ) , where those assets have been put beyond the use of an investor through government action which is arbitrary - that is , not required by public policy goals - and unfair . 
   then there 's something wrong with your standards . 
  i gues mine are just way higher . 
  that 's a terrible guess . 
   in no way does the council democratically represent me , so the commission does n't either . 
  the government of the netherlands represents you , and is on the council . 
  the european parliament represents you , and votes the commission into office . 
   they formed a coalition government , which means the government does what 's in the coalition agreement ( https://www.nachhaltigkeit.info/media/1298370095phpn31lgz.pdf?sid=25iq3r1bt60n7j7bnc2ioln907 - page 12 ) . 
  it has nothing on closing the energy central . 
  you 're arguing that it was n't a written commitment of government , and therefore could n't have been the motive of one of the parties of government ? 
  lame . 
   inclusiveness equality must extend to all citizens within the state . 
  everyone has legitimate stake within the political process . 
  and can be outvoted within that , as long as it does n't impact their voting rights -  voting to ban red-headed people from dentistry does n't impact their voting right -  this argument is irrelevant . 
   that 's why i say that there are basic human rights which can not be taken away by the government no matter what - they fall outside of the realm of what can be voted on . 
  yes , and now you need to provide a basis for that , which you have n't . 
  you do n't just get to hand it out on a stone tablet , you know . 
  my point was that we should not introduce artificial costs for democratic choices .
