  currently if a us product is safe by eu standards , it still has to pass eu tests as well as us ones before it can be sold in the eu , even though the tests pass products at the same level of safety . 
  ttip would involve mutual recognition of standards and tests where the resulting standard would be ok in both places . 
  the different tests to the same level are exactly what is meant by `` non-tariff barriers '' - they are there primarily to make it more difficult and expensive for acceptable us products to enter the eu market , and vice-versa . 
  they are deliberate restraints on trade , because a company may simply not bother to try to export to the other market rather than put their product through the testing process in the other market , because it 's expensive and time-consuming . 
  as such , ttip can perfectly well have a positive impact without either side lowering their standards . 
  it may seem strange that two such friendly trading powers have deliberate hurdles for no other reason than to guard their markets against each other , but protectionism is a very easy rallying call for people to get behind - as shown , indeed , by its use in the ttip debate . 
   not really going into ttip itself , but i do n't really see how having two sets of tests can be bad for the consumer ? 
  it is n't particularly , except for either ( a ) a slight increase in price , or ( b ) not having the product in your market at all because the company ca n't be bothered to do the second set of tests . 
  but if the tests have the same outcome , i ca n't see any advantage for the consumer in having two . 
  admittedly , i personally like the fact that you ca n't always get everything everywhere - atavistic , but there you go . 
   europe did n't eliminate excess tests by recognizing tests of each country as equal to others , but by completely opposite process of creating a new , standardized , all encompassing thorough tests , to be followed by each member , to make sure the standards are the same bit of both , actually , and the same is likely under ttip . 
  if you look through eu standards , some of them are all-encompassing , others consist of mutual recognition of standards - although mutual recognition tends to be a step on the way to a single standard after a few iterations . 
  we 're a couple of decades into the single market for goods , so goods are mostly governed by single eu standards , whereas services are still a new area , and there 's more mutual recognition . 
   what i 'm curious about though is what happens in case standards are mutually exclusive ? 
  if you ca n't harmonise the standards , you ca n't . 
  ttip is n't expected to achieve harmonisation everywhere . 
  that 's the kind of thing that makes me glad i 'm not a trade negotiator . 
   the way it will do it is by allowing companies to use their own national standards instead of the ones of the country they want to export to . 
  this is not quite the case . 
  the eu and us are aiming for ` mutual recognition of standards ' . 
  at the absolute simplest reading as given by you that would indeed have the effect of lowering joint standards to the lower of the two , but that is not the intention - if you think about it , that would involve the eu throwing away 50 years of standard-setting by the eu ( and the us - they do regard their standards as higher than ours in many cases ) . 
  if it sounds unbelievable that they would do such a thing , you 're right , it is , and they 're not doing that . 
  instead , the eu and us are aiming for mutual recognition where their tests are different , but produce the same outcome . 
  how is that different in practice ? 
  well , say the us has a set of tests for hormone-free beef , or gmo-free corn . 
  those tests certify a particular * outcome * - that the beef is hormone-free ( to , say , 99.9 % certainty ) , or the corn gmo-free . 
  the eu also has a set of tests that certify the * same * outcome , although the tests themselves are slightly different in methodology , and obviously the allowed certifying bodies are different too . 
  the way the standards are written is also usually different , even though , again , they are aimed at the same outcome . 
  the us standards might be expressed as the beef being having below a certain threshold of hormones per live weight with a certain stated acceptable error range , the eu ones as being below a similar threshold per carcass weight with a slightly different acceptable error range . 
  both sets of standards are set high enough that any product satisfying one standard can be guaranteed to satisfy the other . 
  while it may seem silly , even though the two sets of tests produce the same outcome , * currently * having done the us test does not mean the product is eu certified - to gain eu certification for the same thing , it must actually undergo the eu tests . 
  and vice-versa , obviously . 
  it may seem bizarre that something has to satisfy two sets of tests which have the same result , but that 's the situation - just as it was the situation in europe before we had eu-wide standards . 
  you did 28 different national tests all expressed slightly differently to satisfy the same basic outcome . 
  the process of harmonisation and mutual recognition in ttip is exactly the same as the one on which the single market is built , and which has not led to a mass drop in standards . 
  ttip 's ` mutual recognition of standards ' would mean only passing one of the two sets , because - and this is the vital point - the two sets of tests are known to produce the same * outcome * , and to satisfy compatible standards . 
  so it 's not a case of `` if the us says this is ` safe ' '' then we accept that , but that if the us test * produces an outcome which is acceptable to eu standards * , the eu accepts the us test as an alternative to its own . 
  neither side drop their standards - the eu does n't start importing hormone-laden us beef just because the us thinks it 's ok to eat that stuff . 
  what it imports is us beef which is certified in the us as hormone-free , by tests the eu regards as acceptable according to the eu 's standards . 
   which is why i said if '' those sentiments on the whole turn out to be justifiable '' . 
  well , you mean `` if those sentiments are expressive of their best interests '' . 
  that something is justifiable does n't mean much - it 's often possible to justify both sides of an argument . 
   again this was my point , which i backed up by showing that at least 60 conservative mps believe that it is in the best interests of their constituents that we get some major reforms of the eu or we leave . 
   sometime people wishes and what is in there best interest do actually align . 
  meanwhile , their party will probably not allow them to campaign , because in the judgement of the party the best interests of the uk are not served by an eu exit . 
  that produces a conflict between the mps and the party , which is not really resolved by pointing to the wishes of their constituents , since we do n't know the extent to which each of those tories was elected on the basis of party membership as opposed to personal stance . 
   right , but there are `` well researched and ideologically justified '' opinions on both sides of the eu debate , and if the majority of your constituents hold anti eu sentiments , and those sentiments on the whole turn out to be justifiable , then it is the duty of an mp to act in the best way possible for their constituents , which wold mean campaigning for change or a uk exit . 
  not really - the duty of a representative is indeed to `` act in the best way possible for their constituents '' , and that is not the same thing as simply acting on whatever the majority of his/her constituents currently want . 
  a representative is not simply a transmitter of the wishes of their constituents - they are an agent who is expected to be better informed than their constituents , and who represents their * interests * , not their wishes . 
  if a representative believes that the interests of his/her constituents are best served by making a decision that goes against their wishes , it is his/her duty to do that . 
  if they want to do that and retain their seat , they 'll need clear reasons for doing it , and the ability to persuade their constituents of the validity of those reasons . 
   the interest rate is irrelevant to the topic when the original debt can not be repayed . 
  that is not the case . 
  state debt is repaid to the original lenders by borrowing from new lenders , and becomes trivial by growing the economy . 
  again , ireland has been here - our debt in 1991 was about 100 % of gdp ( and we were a small , poor , agricultural nation ) , with interest payments costing us 25 % of government revenues . 
  we have never `` repaid '' that debt , in the sense of paying it off - we repaid the original lenders with new borrowed money , but the amount did not go down . 
  debt to gdp , however , went down to 25 % in a decade because gdp grew - and interest rates went down as well , so that interest payments went down to only a couple of percent of government revenues . 
  states do n't repay debt like households do , because states are immortal and capable of endless growth ( planetary limits aside ) . 
  what matters for a state is the interest rate ( and , for planning purposes , the maturity period ) . 
   what does it mean `` greece has to do it by itself '' ? 
  greece is in a monetary union , by default they can not do it by themselves !!!, 
  that 's the whole problem . 
  eu periphery is hostage to a currency they do not control hence painful internal devaluation that does n't even work . 
  we had exactly the same arguments in ireland at the beginning of our troika period - it ca n't be done , we must default , we must leave the euro , we should have our own currency and devalue externally not internally , the debt is unsustainable ( 120 % gdp ) , things are getting worse not better ( gdp was still shrinking ) , there is no light at the end of the tunnel , etc. 
  none of that turned out to be the case . 
  it 's true that greece is in a much worse place , but nobody expects greece 's problems to be solved in the same time as ireland 's either . 
  it 's a hard thing to say - you can be given the needed time , but you have to go through the needed time , and you have to spend it doing what is needed . 
  one way or another , greece is going to be poor for at least a decade ( although a decade was also predicted for ireland ) , whichever route greece chooses . 
  the only way that 's not true is if you could live well on lots of borrowed money , and neither the markets nor the rest of the eu is offering that money - that choice is not greece 's to make , but the choice of lenders . 
  is there perhaps a belief that greece could somehow fake it through the general crisis , and then things will return afterwards to a position where greece can borrow again enough to keep the existing show on the road ? 
  that the troika should n't be harsh because this is just a temporary problem really , which wo n't be fixed by reform but by a general upswing from everyone else getting * their * act together ? 
  so the troika should just shut up and hand over the money , let greece work on just looking good , and everything will be fine in a couple of years ? 
  i think i can say that the troika certainly does n't believe that , and i do n't think the markets will buy it either . 
  i think you have to accept that you can be poor and rebuild your country for a better long-term future , or be poor and not rebuild it . 
  that choice is greece 's . 
  the choice to not rebuild it and not be poor is not in greece 's hands . 
   all austerity did was make people miserable and assure that the debts would be impossible to pay back . 
  thus they transferred losses from private banks to essentially the taxpayers . 
  this is the kind of narrative i was talking about . 
  why would anyone lend money and then try to ensure that it could not be paid back ? 
  and `` transferred losses from private banks to essentially the taxpayers '' - no . 
  the debts were owed by the greek government ( and thus greek taxpayers ) all along . 
  private banks were made to take losses - the original $ 100bn write-down of greek government debt - which were thus transferred from the taxpayer to the banks , not the other way round . 
   the imf , at least it 's board members both present then on the discussions and afterwards , have admitted much more than you claim . 
  there 's a difference between individuals and institutions . 
  i 'm referring to the institutional report , which does say exactly what i quoted . 
   i do n't really understand the reason for the rest of your text . 
  you are debating the necessity of austerity to what effect ? 
  i did not say austerity was n't needed nor did i advocate other strategies . 
  nor did i say greece is poor because germany is rich ( i do n't get your `` rant '' what all of this has to do with what we were talking about or what i was hoping to convey ? ), 
   the whole debate was about what was deemed `` democratic '' and we 're totally of subject . 
  my original comment was about the use of justificatory rhetoric , and the rest of the text is also about the way justifications are being used in this debate . 
  austerity is painted as something both unnecessary and somehow undemocratic by its opponents , and syriza 's opposition to it is painted as purely motivated by necessity and democratic impulses . 
  the long text , then , is about whether such arguments or narratives have any authenticity , and my conclusion is that they do n't . 
  austerity for greece is * necessary * , not punitive , and the terms involved have become harsher because greece did n't ever implement the original ones while borrowing more . 
   i would like to remind you , the same people put their money where their mouth was 5y ago and failed . 
  the guardian 's reporting of the imf evaluation is not impartial or complete . 
  based on that article , one would think the imf were admitting failure , as you have it - but a reader only of the article would probably be surprised to find this statement in the report :  the report considers the broad thrust of policies under the program to have been appropriate . 
  rapid fiscal adjustment was unavoidable given that the greece had lost market access and official financing was as large as politically feasible . 
  competiveness boosting measures were also essential , as were fiscal structural reforms to support deficit reduction .
