  what the pr guys regard as persuasive is n't clever points , but the appearance of popular support . 
  someone like savannajeff has entirely the wrong profile , both in terms of his account status and his posting style . 
   actually it 's not that risky , just find people who already express sympathetic opinions to begin with and than give them money to do that more rigorously/often , most people are willing to ` sell out ' so to speak . 
  no , that does completely ignore the risk of being shopped by someone you approach . 
  and i do n't think most people * are * willing to sell out - i ca n't say whether you 're judging other people 's willingness by your own , or whether you believe other people have much lower standards than you . 
   pretty sure if i was going to hire people to spread propaganda on reddit , i would n't be choosing to hire people who were new to it . 
   fairly sure i 'd target people who had posted on it for a long time . 
  you 'd be doing it wrong if you did . 
  if you wanted well-established accounts to shill for you , you 'd have to approach them to do so , and the risk of them blowing the whistle on you is large - and that , in turn , would blow the whole effort out of the water , because those well-established accounts have a lot of social prestige to use against you , plus all the evidence would be to hand , because usually the only way to approach the people behind the accounts is through the platform you hope to target , which means they have your pms asking them to shill . 
  much better to get people you can trust first , * then * get them shilling . 
   imo this is why we need a 2 speed europe ( like guy verhofstadt suggested ) , the eu needs to be more agile . 
  at present it is a slow moving colossus of bureaucracy . 
  it 's not really about bureaucracy , though , because the issues highlighted are n't dealt with by the eu bureaucrats . 
  instead , these are all issues which require * political * consensus between the 28 member states - that 's what makes it so slow , because not only do the governments have to agree , they have to negotiate with each other to get to agreement , and that takes time not only to do , but even to organise . 
   but decisions need to be made quicker in order for them to be more effective , and that person that is ultimately in charge ( a european president ) needs the political capital and legislative authority in order to execute those actions properly . 
  aka political union , which i suspect is still not on the table . 
  i think our best realistic hope is more efficient ` creation of consensus ' machinery . 
   when the us restricts european members of the government to read the ttip text at us embassys ? 
  what makes the us so special that they can make up the rules ? 
  they 're one of the two parties negotiating . 
  the commission seems to have pushed for the us to agree to provide access , and those are the conditions under which they 're willing to provide it , because they 're secretive about such things , and apparently `` not convinced of the public demand for the online publication of ttip information that the commission has been providing '' . 
  it 's perhaps worth pointing out that eu * governments * have access to consolidated texts - this is parliamentarians . 
  chosen by their national governments , which i imagine means it 's unlikely opposition reps will be getting access ... a further point , often overlooked , is that the eu is not just negotiating currently with the us , but with several other countries , as is the us . 
  showing the detail of exactly what they 're prepared to offer each other would have a large impact on those other negotiations . 
   that has absolutely nothing to do with what he said . 
  there 's a difference between being able to say ` yay ' or ` nay ' and wanting to democratically influence the aim of the negotiations . 
  the aim of the negotiations were set , and can be amended , by the ( democratically elected ) member state governments , and the ( democratically elected ) eu parliament has tabled amendments and red lines . 
  at what point is this not capable of being ` democratically influenced ' ? 
  fundamentally , because it appealed to me as the gist of the story . 
  actually , i did n't really think about it being click-bait , but you 're right . 
   the pontifical commission for the protection of minors presented a five point plan to the pope and his closest advisors at this week 's meeting , including the establishment of a `` new judicial section '' to examine all cases of bishops accused of abusing their office and failing to report crimes committed by priests in their care . 
  the new office will be set up within the congregation for the doctrine of the faith which will be mandated to judge all such cases connected to the abuse of children and vulnerable adults . 
  for those who do n't know it , the congregation for the doctrine of the faith is the modern name of the sacred congregation of the universal inquisition . 
   sounds to me like you want pass judgment on someone based on a word and that to me is what 's redicilous oh , dear no . 
  my judgement on ming is based on an awful lot more experience of him than that - i 've been following his career on and off for nearly 20 years . 
  but , yes , the word `` eussr '' is a conspiratard word . 
  it 's a stupid piece of hyperbole that can only be used with a straight face by someone almost unbelievably ignorant of almost everything about the eu and the ussr . 
  it 's exactly the kind of `` i have a very special place in the world , and what happens to me or the people/issues i think about is totally on the same level as major world events and as bad as any catastrophe or evil ever visited on humanity '' that is the hallmark of conspiracy theorists . 
   `` did he x ? 
  he must be a conspiracy theorist '' did he use the term `` eussr '' ? 
  yes , does anyone use this term except conspiracy theorists ? 
   did he say eussr ? 
  lol is he a conspiratard ? 
  yep . 
  it 's pretty much his political position . 
  not that i recall - the coins were n't worth enough by that stage to start giving them nicknames . 
  you 'd feel a bit daft saying `` cost me a whole salmon '' given that you were probably talking about a small lollipop . 
   to give all that up ( or pass on it ) just because you 'd be more comfortable if our politicians have more `` control '' over it , seems stupid . 
  it 's interesting that people now seem to think politicians having control over currency is a good thing . 
  independent central banks ( not just the ecb ) were invented largely because politicians having the levers of monetary policy in their hands proved repeatedly to be a very bad thing . 
   wales gives a fucking leek . 
  ca n't expect much more from wales though to be honest . 
  for the story behind the leek , watch henry v. 
   that money was n't lost . 
  instead of speculating on currency adjustments , funds and banks that would have used that money for currency speculation ( and thus fucking up every other business in the country ) is being used towards other things , such as credits and investments . 
  and other new ways of fucking up every other business in the country , of course . 
  ca n't say they 're not creative that way . 
   i think it was an objective comment on how farage believed the situation in syria was handled . 
  it would be an equally objective comment on how mao or stalin handled a situation as well . 
   votewatch europe data reveals that mainly because of ukip 's meagre work rate , the uk 's 73 meps are second only to ireland for low participation in european parliamentary votes . 
  ireland 's 11 meps have taken part in an average of 80.73 % votes compared with the uk 's 81.49 % . 
  this is a little unfair , because a lot of irish absenteeism relates to one mep , brian crowley , who has a 0 % participation rate due to long-term chronic health problems rather than politics . 
  without him , irish participation rates rise to 89.2 % . 
  ukip 's abstentionism is in certain ways a dry run for a brexit - being affected by eu legislation , but not having input into it - and voted for by the same people . 
  seems reasonable to me , and ukip do vote on issues that concern those voters - which might serve as something of a proxy measure of how often eu issues are of concern to such voters . 
   between july 2014 and may 2015 , its 23 meps have on average participated in only 62.29 % of votes in the european parliament and that , in turn , suggests that eu issues are of concern 63 % of the time even to brexit supporters . 
  and even though many of those votes will presumably be a case of voting against the eu doing something because it would be applicable in the uk , the fact that it 's applicable usually ( 80 % ? ), 
  wo n't change if the uk opted for eea or similar status . 
   `` as an operator [ referring to how he handled the syria situation ] , but not as a human being '' one can admire almost any dictator that way . 
  mao and stalin were pretty good ` operators ' . 
  when you think about it , crying is not a good indicator of someone 's ability/inability to take criticism . 
  someone may remain impassive through your criticism of them , but internally be seething and not taking in a word - is that somehow better ? 
  it 's true that the way the eu works is complicated , but the basic confusion is caused by the ordinary use of the phrase `` the eu '' itself , as if it were a monolithic entity and something separate from its member states . 
  personally , i try to keep the distinction clear by referring specifically to the council , commission , or parliament , but mostly people do n't bother . 
  if one knows that the commission is negotiating ttip on behalf of the council of member state governments , the idea that ttip is something which is somehow being kept secret from the eu member state governments , or imposed on them , becomes self-evidently nonsense . 
   you should tell that to the many people that are saying ` the eu is imposing this trade deal on our nations ' and ` mah suvreniteeeh ' . 
  i 've tried . 
  it 's uphill work ... 
   so you 're saying that it is the national governments that are the driving force behind pushing trough isds ? 
  yes - this is from the commission :  for ttip , the eu 's member states unanimously asked the commission to negotiate investment protection and isds . 
  this mandate foresees the inclusion of investment protection and investor-to-state dispute settlement ( isds ) provided a number of conditions are met . 
  a decision on whether or not to include isds is to be taken during the final phase of the negotiations . 
  http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-15-3202_en.htm the negotiating mandate is here : http://data.consilium.europa.eu/doc/document/st-11103-2013-dcl-1/en/pdf, 
   if anyone would like to help feel free to get in contact as i hope to put in more work myself in the coming weeks as well since it seems to me the eu is n't interested in hear out representatives anymore and this vote would have given them the right to negotiate for isds despite the fact it 's unwanted the commission can not not negotiate on isds unless the member state governments take the requirement for isds out of the mandate they gave the commission . 
  people represent this as if it were the commission undemocratically trying to force isds on everyone else , but the case is more or less opposite to that - the commission was given a mandate by the democratically elected governments , and can not change it undemocratically . 
  do nothing but whinge and consume . 
   that is what i am saying . 
  they are finalizing the ttip with these amendments . 
  if the parlament wants them they will add them and present them to the other side . 
  if both sides agree with them the ttip will be finalized . 
  ah , took you up wrong . 
  but i 'll be a bit surprised if ttip would be finalised at this stage . 
  the optimistic version says maybe by the end of this year , and that was predicated on today 's vote happening today . 
  if it happens in september , ttip is unlikely to be finalised before the middle of next year . 
   that is just not true . 
  egg producers from outside the eu do not have to comply to european welfare legislation . 
  the reason we are currently not being flooded with cheap eggs is due to import tariffs - once those disappear due to ttip then the floodgates will open . 
  my answer was predicated on the assumption that something is currently required to meet certain standards in order to be allowed in the eu market . 
  if that 's not the case , then there are no requirements to be maintained - if it is legal to import battery eggs into the eu now , then it will be legal with ttip in force as well . 
  it does n't change the general application of the point about equivalence of outcome - the outcome is equivalent here as well , because there 's a pre-existing deficiency in standards which ttip ca n't remedy by itself .
