  is it just awe , though ? 
  distant mountains , for example , do n't conjure up awe as such , but a sense of satisfaction in their existence . 
  i would say the verb `` gladden '' is pretty close , although it 's not specific to natural scenery . 
  but i 'm prepared to bet the german word is another compound , like `` nature-gladdened '' . 
  if you were joyce , you 'd get away with it in english . 
   this is like `` ca n't - stop-watching-the-trainwreck-happening-in-front-of-me '' more like : watching a ( formerly ) rich and obnoxious neighbour having all his possessions taken away by the bailiffs . 
  if enough other websites are linked to it , it will still be findable . 
  that 's obviously not a cure-all , but it does mean that prominent news such as the involvement of the rich and/or famous in scandals and the like will continue to be prominent online . 
   have you never noticed something - that the most racist people are generally those who have no experience with other races ? 
  as far as i recall , that conclusion has fairly strong academic backing too . 
  if this was done on my behalf , why was n't i informed in advance ... ? 
  certainly best-looking . 
  hmm . 
  does this mean that people named in connection with , for example , atrocities during the balkan wars , have the right to get articles mentioning them removed ? 
  would someone named in articles about ww2 atrocities also have the right to removal ? 
  or are these , like the op article , obvious cases where the right to removal should not apply , but google is currently implementing them anyway in a kind of `` told you so '' way ? 
  `` stage '' is a very apposite word . 
  no , i have no problem with them , and none of the other meps disrespected the votes of eurosceptics in the same way . 
  eurosceptic meps are elected to the european parliament - they may not want to take it seriously , but other people do . 
  edit : i see some people do n't like an honest opinion . 
   yes , it 's disrespectful to the eu , it was supposed to be . 
  i do n't see how it 's disrespectful to europe as a whole , care to explain ? 
  millions of citizens across europe voted for meps . 
  the ukip gesture essentially says `` your votes are not something we respect '' . 
  this is how it used to work in ireland , too . 
  the over a period of a decade or so the governments reduced the taxes slowly , held tax amnesties for people to `` go legal '' , reformed the civil service and particularly made the tax people much more effective and efficient . 
  things can improve . 
  there 's nothing anti-british about it . 
  possibly anti-british-tabloid . 
   because it makes procurement more straightforward . 
  which is the idea of trade regulation , no ? 
  which bit of it , then , is the bit which should n't exist ? 
  so in a general sense , you do n't think trade regulations should cover the quality of traded items ? 
  as they have done since medieval times ? 
  giant . 
  x-ray . 
  space . 
  what 's not to like ? 
   funnily enough no , i chose not to spend my saturday reading withdrawn cucumber legislation from the european union . 
  and being i am not a vegetable grower/seller , i have no professional reason to . 
  and yet you have no problem commenting on it , or deciding that this is not legislation that should exist . 
  member states in a bailout programme are n't part of the european semester . 
  we got our first country-specific recommendations only this year . 
   just curious , no one really voted for this , and we could be a couple of decades off an unelected federal government , perhaps . 
  ooh , also , minor point , we in ireland * have * voted on the changing nature of the eu . 
  regularly , and sometimes repeatedly , but we 've actually ok 'd every eu treaty change of the last 30 years or so by referendum . 
  i ca n't see us voting yes to a federal eu , though , and our constitution means we have to ok every single step of the way there . 
  our government is n't constitutionally allowed to sign away any sovereign powers to the eu ( or anyone ) without a referendum , because our constitution states that sovereign power belongs to the people of ireland , and is only wielded by the government on our behalf . 
   the human rights nonsense   what human right nonsense ? 
  this charter of fundamental rights thing ? 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  i think this is probably the standard confusion between the eu and the european court of human rights . 
  the latter is n't an eu body ( come to that , the uk was a founder of it ) , but it 's all `` europe '' to many people . 
  no , that confuses the british experience with a universal mechanism , and even in the uk an important part of what was grabbed was grabbed from the house of lords . 
  parliaments took powers from bodies , individuals , or institutions with a less extensive mandate than themselves . 
  in this case , though , the parliament was * given * the power , and given it , reasonably enough , at a european level , because while the national governments are masters of the eu collectively , they 're not its masters individually , and in purely european terms the parliament has a wider and more direct mandate than the member state governments . 
  the european parliament is n't something that takes , or * can * take powers from national governments , because the eu is something created by treaty and limited by treaty . 
  it can only have the powers given to it . 
  in this case , if the member states presented a united front ( or even semi-united ) against the pressure of the parliament , the parliament could not win , although they could force a deadlock . 
  that 's unlikely , though , because , again , the eu is n't some martian institution - the majority of meps belong to the political parties that form the governments of the member states . 
  this `` power grab '' is only possible because it is not being opposed by the governments that allowed it to be possible in the first place , which makes `` power grab '' a slightly over-dramatic term for it . 
  a lot depends on what you 're actually asking . 
  all eu states eventually implement 100 % of eu legislation that is applicable to their country , or get fined . 
  if you mean what percentage of national legislation is eu-derived , as per the often-claimed `` 80 % of uk laws come from the eu '' , comparative and single-country studies * have * been done . 
  i assembled a list of them some time ago , and i can dig it up if that 's what you 're looking for ? 
  the numbers from the report suggest that the uk is middle of the pack . 
  these are the % * not * implemented or even started to be implemented per country : slovenia : 64 % belgium : 63 % malta : 60 % cyprus : 59 % bulgaria : 58 % germany : 53 % czech rep. : 52 % slovakia : 51 % hungary : 50 % poland : 50 % united kindgom : 50 % austria : 49 % france : 48 % luxembourg : 45 % denmark : 37 % netherlands : 26 % lithuania : 25 % spain : 24 % finland : 24 % sweden : 24 % estonia : 23 % latvia : 20 % italy : 17 % average : 43 %, 
  no , we 're generally europhile . 
  but you 'll never have an * unelected * federal government , even though the belief that it 's possible is a major driver of euroscepticism . 
  that 's how all current parliaments got their current powers . 
  which is to say that the council can not impose its choice on the parliament , and vice-versa . 
  but the parliament did n't make up anything - they 're taking advantage of the treaty wording , but not making it up . 
  one possible way of the council `` taking account '' was for the parliament to endorse candidates in advance - they did so , and campaigned on that basis , and that process was endorsed by most eu governments in advance as well . 
  cameron tried to fight this purely at the intergovernmental level , and lost , at least partly because he appeared to be making it a fight directly and explicitly to retain the back room style of decision-making . 
  it makes a sort of sense . 
  for a start , none of these are about * argument * , they 're about business discussions . 
  i think the width of the boxes indicates the `` verbosity '' or `` heat '' or `` loudness '' of the discussion , the length indicates the length of the phase . 
  so in a business discussion with americans , you can expect a initial phase where all the cards are laid on the table , then an increasingly heated discussion , winding down through a process of conciliation , concessions , and summary . 
  issues are got through relatively fast a business discussion with the english is a more drawn-out and quieter affair . 
  a business discussion with finns involves a finn saying very little , nobody understanding them but nobody arguing , and then a minimal amount more explanation . 
  i 've only had business discussions with the english , americans , norwegians and french - maybe a little bit with italians and germans - and these seem fairly accurate . 
  on full implementations you 're second ( 30 % ) after spain ( 35 % ) , and on non-implementation you 're 15th ... so , pretty `` nice '' i guess . 
   theres probably way more `` cavan '', 
   ballygobackwards ( `` bally - '' is a common prefix for irish towns ) can be put in front of anything you like - `` ballymuckandslapanddash '' or `` ballyfuckall '' work equally well . 
  decisions should always be made in the light of knowledge , but it 's important to recognise that science is not normative . 
  that is , science does not prescribe an outcome . 
  it tells you what 's true ( to the best of current knowledge ) , but does not require that you * do * anything in particular . 
  science can tell you that gm crops are n't harmful , but that does n't mean you have to allow them . 
  it can tell you that drug use is less damaging to society when legalised , but that does n't require you to legalise them . 
  it can tell you that homeopathy has no provable effect , but that does n't mean you ca n't let it be sold . 
  and it can tell you that in order not to have damaging climate change , you need to reduce emissions , and you can ignore that . 
  what you ca n't do is claim that gm has to be illegal because it 's harmful , or that drugs have to be illegal because that 's less socially damaging , or that homeopathy has to be available because it provably works , or that we should n't reduce emissions because doing so has no benefits . 
  science can tell you when the arguments used to support a position are false , which helps make public debate transparent . 
  we can * decide * that we 're not going to cut emissions or legalise drugs , but we should n't do so on the basis of a false argument . 
  putting in a spoke for united nations of europe ( une ) if we 're going to change the name !, 
   who would we get partnered with ? 
  the dutch ? 
  the irish ? 
  ( it makes cultural sense but i ca n't see that going down well ) yeah ... tried it , would not buy again . 
  eaten as [ rollmops ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rollmops ) in ireland and the uk .
