  what i said was that the idea that the euro makes it harder for the southern eurozone economies to trade is n't supported by the facts . 
   but yeah it obviously helps for trade even for the southern economies , this is true . 
  people tend to think of a country as either producing or consuming products x or y , but actually most sophisticated economies are entangled in multiple complex chains of production and consumption , importing and exporting intermediate products . 
  and in that particular game , the best card is stability , because you do n't want to the cost of some intermediate part of a complex supply chain bouncing around like a yo-yo . 
  ireland rather carefully kept its currency pegged - first to sterling , then in the erm.so even though we 're quite a southern style economy by original nature - agriculture and tourism - we became a reliable part of northern supply chains ( position helps too , but the euro hardly keeps southern countries southern in that sense ) . 
   but have very bad effects on the macro level . 
  which are ... ? 
  thing is that greece is barely an export country in the first place , and much of what it does export is pretty primary production . 
  devaluing the drachma would n't turn greece into a sophisticated economy , although it would improve tourism . 
  more broadly , devaluing your currency is a popularly over-rated as a tool for economic management . 
  very few countries have ever chosen to do it deliberately , and floating exchange rates are a source of uncertainty in themselves . 
   having common currency with stronger economy can kill your exports , problem that countries of the south have . 
  looking at the export stats , that effect does n't really show up . 
  [ even for greece ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/exports ) the euro period shows exports rising . 
  the economic implications are a major theme in ireland - to the extent that pretty much all our austerity was and is commonly attributed to eurozone membership . 
  it 's still popularly believed that we only paid for a bank bailout because we 're in the euro . 
  despite which ... 
   do n't assume malice where stupidity suffices . 
  or technical ineptitude . 
  and it seems that surveygizmo ( aka widgix ) have an [ eu server ] ( https://help.surveygizmo.com/help/eu-servers?_ga=1.238777606.765923283.1481191121 ) subject to eu data privacy laws , so the publications office should really use that instead . 
  i ca n't imagine how it would do so . 
  corruption there certainly is , but it 's rarely the financial kind so fondly imagined by adolescent scepticism . 
  or possibly i just know more about how the world works . 
  i guess that would perhaps make me supercilious under the right circumstances . 
  figures for meetings with the institutions suggest that lobbyists from civil society are proportionally just as successful or more so at meeting decision-makers as industry lobbyists - there are just a lot more business lobbies than civil society ones . 
  industry lobbies have more money , sure , but civil society lobbies represent voters - unless you 're claiming that all or most lobbying is done by bribery , those balance . 
   how the hell can put lobbyist and neutral in the same sentence . ? 
  the two are absolute opposites . 
  individually , lobbyists are n't neutral , of course , but because lobbying happens from all sides , they work out overall neutral . 
    meps been incompetent and still made responsible would quickly weed out the weak , and give more room for those who are less incompetent . 
   elections . 
    you are a lobbyist in brussels ar n't ya ... go on you can be honest . 
  oh look , the classic `` i 'm so right that anyone who disagrees with me is obviously being paid to do so '' - but i suspect it 's not that hard to find people willing to disagree with your opinion for free . 
   frustrated will many people be the dark side of language this is . 
   it may be confusing for the layperson which is a perfectly adequate argument for not using it outside technical contexts . 
  `` access '' is a bad term to use in the debate , as this exchange demonstrates . 
  everybody has * access * to the single market , on some terms or other ( unless under sanctions ) . 
  we 're talking about * participation * , which is what the uk currently has . 
  the eu is very clear about * participation * in the single market . 
   except that what it actually comes down to is what a particular judge thought was the `` will of the people '' . 
  which could really be anything . 
  sure , but the system is self-correcting over time and overall . 
   at least when primacy lies with a parliament , there 's some level of accountability . 
  if lawmakers guess wrong about what the `` will of the people '' is , they can get voted out . 
  that tends to reflect rather shorter term interests than does the law , and is also a much blunter and more theoretical than pragmatic instrument . 
   in my opinion , common law is an abomination ( i say that tongue in cheek because both system can work fine obviously ) because it is evolved and not designed . 
  for example , the current case in front of the supreme court in the uk about article 50 may lead to the conclusion that devolved parliaments must be consulted . 
  now to me this is fine . 
  but it means that the uk will have mutated from a centralised to a federal system without parliament 's assent ... and that ca n't be right . 
  you could argue that common law is the part of the uk system that , by encapsulating the custom of the people in their public and private interactions , allows the common people a voice unbridled by the otherwise absolute sovereignty of parliament - even if the daily mail claims the direct opposite in the current case , which itself is about asserting the primacy of parliament over the executive . 
  if the case winds up with the uk `` mutated from a centralised to a federal system without parliament 's assent '' , one can argue that that 's the real will of the people ( s ) of the uk being asserted against the more theoretical primacy of westminster . 
  and i do n't think that 's a bizarre result . 
  and fascism and nazism took power in those countries from positions of vocal minority . 
   if you prevent people from discussing and expressing their opinion , they wont do it publicly . 
  they will create an underground . 
  they will be an invisible problem . 
      invisible problems tend to come back and bite your ass . 
  only the scientific ones . 
  stuff like racism , fascism , etc are actually less of a problem when they 're underground . 
  letting them have a visible public presence is n't lancing a boil , it 's encouragement . 
  we 're social animals . 
  we 're less inclined to hold or act on extreme positions if we do n't know whether other people would support us , and inclined to become more extreme or more likely to act when we believe we have support . 
  the only problem with suppressing the expression of evil is that it makes good people think they can do nothing . 
   before tranferring power to the european parliament , people would rather be able to vote for who 's in the european parliament and who becomes president . 
  every country ( even malta ) elects multiple meps to the european parliament . 
  the parliament votes on whether the commission is accepted , and the last parliament managed something of a coup by getting the member states to accept the parliament 's candidate for president of the commission , something which they should be able to do for future commissions as well . 
   if believe that , if we were to continue on a road like that , we 'd end up with an election system as fucked as the us ' , that is , the majority vote gets all the power and the minority vote gets none . 
  not really possible at all . 
   so the eu has an idea for a great law that would be beneficial for basically every citizen and could counter anti eu sentiments . 
   it 's like they are determined to be stupid . 
  you 're talking about two different `` eus '' there , though . 
  `` the eu '' in the sense of the commission proposes something beneficial , and it gets modified into something less beneficial by `` the eu '' in the sense of the member state national governments . 
  people confuse the two , then decide they 'd be better off with a europe of national governments . 
   and battling their huge debt the point is that they 're not actually `` battling '' debt . 
  sure , the figure looks large , but the repayment terms are so easy that greece is basically able to operate as if it had a fraction of that debt . 
  nah , we were already a tax haven - our industrial strategy has been based on being one for nearly three decades now . 
  recovery was n't based on any change in that strategy . 
   what is the definition of populism ? 
  it is saying what the population wants to hear but what the elite does n't want to say . 
  no , that 's just a definition of popular from a populist viewpoint . 
  i know it 's a hobby-horse of mine , but populism is n't just popularity , and it is n't any part of democracy . 
  it 's the idea that the `` will of the people '' should be supreme . 
  which sounds ok until you add that there is only one will of the people , that anyone against it is a traitor , and that anything that stands in its way should be swept aside , whether that 's constitutional safeguards or the rights of minorities . 
  democracy similarly has the will of the people as supreme , but the `` settled will of the people '' , with constitutional safeguards and rights , and with opposition and disagreement a vital part of the system , rather than treason . 
  populism is actually not very different from theocracy , except that it substitutes * vox populi * for * vox dei * . 
  in both cases there 's always someone interpreting the `` will '' - a high priest for a * vox dei * , a political leader for the * vox populi * . 
  god says this , the people want that . 
  there are popular policies - indeed , better than policies , there 's a promised utopia . 
  there is one good side , and everyone else is bad - they might be foreign pagans who need to be shown the right way , they might be ( gasp ) heretics who try to subvert the true way , but they 're basically wicked , so there 's no moral ambiguity there . 
  we hanker after certainties , and our solutions always seem to end with the stake and the fire . 
  democracy is uncertain , and imperfect , and difficult , and requires constant work and compromises - but it does n't pretend not to be , it does n't want to govern what you think , and it does n't say `` our way or the rack and the fire '' . 
  surstr\u00f6mming ... going beyond glutefisk . 
   we are not arguing sustainability , we are arguing the nominal value of debt . 
  but debt sustainability is what 's important about debt , and the only real reason for paying any attention to a debt number . 
  if you owe $ 10k to some kind of assistance fund that charges very low interest and will accept repayment over the next 30 years , you 're fine . 
  if you owe $ 10k to a loan shark , you 're screwed . 
  claiming we 're only discussing nominal value is begging the question - and the whole point of the article is that greece 's nominal debt is being used as a political tool to maintain an artificial crisis that distracts from greece 's need for real reform , and allows domestic politicians to oppose troika reforms . 
   everyone is misleading everybody , that 's why i take issue with how this serious ( ? ), 
  issue is presented . 
  should we trust the spiegel or the bloomberg or forbes ?
