   no , they do n't . 
  they would n't starve without it , so it 's not sustenance . 
   have you read the op ? 
  yes . 
  he eats the meat , and it makes his life cheaper , but it 's not necessary . 
  he would not starve without it . 
  similarly , i 'd eat better if i stole food rather than bought it , or indeed went and shot deer in the mountains , but since i do n't * have * to , and both are illegal , the law would n't look kindly on it . 
  that you eat what you kill does n't justify killing it if you do n't have to do it - you 're doing it because you * want * to , and not for any other reason . 
  no , i do mean that such hunts - that is , the faroese hunt - are unacceptable . 
  their hunt is not a * big * problem in practical terms , but the principle which makes such hunts unacceptable is applicable to it . 
  you might put it as `` stopping the faroese whale hunt would be one of the last things on my list - but it would be on the list '' . 
  same . 
  to do a proper comparison , though , you 'd need to know what the different amounts are worth in the different countries . 
   these rules wo n't affect you . 
  you would use app store , mac store , google play , windows store , steam or other distribution platform to distribute your software . 
  the rules affect me the minute i prefer not to use those platforms . 
  i can see you do n't think that 's a problem , but i 'm afraid i do . 
  why are my choices restricted to either paying someone else or dealing with excessively complex vat rules ? 
  these rules essentially create/foster the need for market middlemen . 
  they give those middlemen both the power of charging , and the power to reject products . 
  i 'm pretty sure the objective of the legislation was not to hand apple and google control over the european innovation market . 
   about the last part , should we all eat soylint because that 's the least straining on nature ? 
  that depends on whether you prefer a future with nature , or largely without . 
  actually , the definition is pretty broad : the law applies to `` broadcasting , telecommunications , and e-services that are electronically supplied '' . 
  the e-services definition applies to a surprising number of things , including ... * images or text , such as photos , screensavers , e-books and other digitised documents e.g. 
  pdf files * music , films and games , including games of chance and gambling games , and of programmes on demand * online magazines * website supply or web hosting services * distance maintenance of programmes and equipment * supplies of software and software updates * advertising space on a website the only reason this does n't affect me right now as an eu-based self-employed programmer is that my work is all currently bespoke . 
  it concerns me , though , because i do n't want to go on writing bespoke software into my fifties , going contract to contract and client to client - the route out of that is to write something i can sell as a product , and the minute i do that i 'm now running headlong into these new vat rules . 
   that 's like saying we should n't kill ladybugs because we 're in a mass extinction . 
  sure , they 're not a pest , but the sure ad fuck are n't endangered . 
  your logic is flawed . 
  oddly enough , the traditional ladybird species in northern europe * are * under threat . 
  however , unless you 're claiming pilot whales are a pest species , i 'm not sure how your argument is supposed to be relevant . 
  generally and broadly , we should n't make inroads into ecosystems without very pressing reasons . 
  there is no pressing reason for the faroe hunts other than a liking for that tradition , and probably more importantly a liking for whale meat . 
   but we are n't all hunting , nothing is being exterminated , and the whale populations are n't decreasing . 
   no harm is being done to the environment . 
  those two sentences do not follow from each other , even if we had anything like certainty on the whale populations . 
  i was clear , i thought , that the faroese themselves are probably not doing enough damage for their hunts to be the problem , but it 's necessary not to accept in general that such hunts are acceptable . 
   the fact that other people might be inspired by this to do something that harms the environment is irrelevant i would say it 's extremely relevant . 
   especially with nothing to show that this is a plausible scenario and again i 'll point out that faroe is not the only whaling nation , and that the other whaling nations are very much bigger . 
  if someone can make money from selling whale meat ( or other whale products ) , then they * will * do so if it is seen as acceptable . 
   the pilot whale is not even close to extinction . 
  sure - and we have * such * a good record of knowing where the danger points for populations are , and not hunting them to extinction . 
  we 're definitely not in the middle of a huge anthropogenic mass extinction , and any species which has not already been driven to extinction or near-extinction is fair game !, 
   because it 's wrong , murder is a specific term that applies when a human kills another human . 
  language does n't work that way . 
  if we classify the killing of intelligent animals as murder , it 's murder . 
  some people do , and would like to push the legal definition towards their use of the word . 
  until they do , you are technically correct from a legal perspective , albeit in a meaningless way . 
   as for the rest of your post you do n't really address the op 's point : they hunt for sustenance , not sport . 
  no , they do n't . 
  they would n't starve without it , so it 's not sustenance . 
  norway , iceland , japan , and quite a few other countries also see it as part of their culture . 
  the slippery slope is visibly there . 
   i disagree . 
  in my opinion , hunting for food is ethically better than rising livestock , and , if done in a sustainable way , less damaging to the environment than converting huge tracts of land into pasture or , say , corn fields . 
  habitat loss is a fair counter-example - but the problem is that there are enough of us to do both , and the idea that there 's sufficient food obtainable by hunting to feed all the world 's population is , i 'm afraid , ludicrous . 
  in a multi-billion human population world , hunting is a self-indulgent luxury . 
  the difference between hunting animals and farming animals is not really a moral one across the board . 
  in both cases the animals are killed . 
  one can argue that the killing of intelligent animals , particularly social ones , is veering towards murder , but that 's not a generally accepted argument . 
  the ecological argument is what counts , and it 's simple - there are too many of us to allow hunting , because we will simply exterminate the wildlife . 
  does that apply to extremely restricted cases like the faroes ? 
  no , not really , but on the other hand what the faroes do has to be regarded * in general * as illegal and unsupportable , and the faroese disapproved of for doing it . 
  and yes , that should apply to fishing too . 
  as far as defences go - the `` it 's our culture '' argument is not a defence . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm irish that i ca n't support that argument at all - our culture has a lot worth preserving , certainly - it also has some really unpleasant bits which we 've gotten rid of . 
  so clearly `` it 's our culture and heritage '' is n't a real defence - it 's short for `` it 's a bit of our culture and heritage which i personally like ... as opposed to the bits about exposing infants , condemning homosexuality , or sending unwed mothers to prison , which i do n't , so i 'm not supporting those '' . 
  the audience expects it !, 
  reality chess , where each player explains in great detail their entire strategy and planned next move ... 
  at least it 's above disasterdisasterdisaster , emergencyemergencyemergency and fuckfuckfuck . 
  this is kind of the reason for my sarky comment . 
  it was obvious that once milk quotas ended , not every farmer could expect to be able to produce more than they did and still make the same price they did . 
  nevertheless , and unsurprisingly , lots of farmers reckoned * they 'd * be the ones who would be able to do so , and went ahead - the aggregate effect of which is of course an excess of milk production and a fall in milk prices . 
  as you say , the less efficient ( profitable ) milk producers will start to drop out of the market until supply and demand reach a new equilibrium . 
  thing is , of course , that the new price farmers get will be lower than the old price - the quota system protected inefficient producers with higher costs , and their higher costs in turn meant the aggregate price of milk production was higher , meaning a higher price to consumers and higher profits for the more efficient producers . 
  so we abandoned eu milk quotas , and all the eu 's farmers who could do so produced milk . 
  and the price dropped . 
  how could anyone possibly have seen this coming . 
  same reasons he was unpopular in most of the previous years ? 
   yep , totes magotes . 
  sugar producers want subsidies , the population do n't . 
  pharma wants quick and dirty trials with no liabilites , the public do n't . 
  there really is no special interest vs. general interest . 
  ever . 
  yeah , i 'm going to call bs on that definitive claim , i 'm afraid . 
  publics in general are happy enough with subsidies for industries that provide jobs . 
  the french public is pretty ok with the ` exception culturelle ' and pretty much every part of the eu is happy with geographical indicators as well . 
  in ireland , the farming lobby has very broad support , and there are other industries which are equally popular . 
  even in your specific examples , the irish public would happily support subsidies for sugar beet production . 
  and on the other side of the fence , there are some pretty unpopular ngos . 
  your black and white view is comfortably simple , but that 's about all it has going for it . 
   perfect !, 
  so instead of getting a good deal for everyone , we probably will have the choice to agree or reject a shitty package deal !, 
  very nice !, 
   i feel like i am being trolled here ... no , really you 're not . 
  but there seems to be some difficulty with the idea that an agreement between party a and party b can not be unilaterally amended by either party * without it ceasing to be an agreement * . 
  an agreement between two parties is a series of compromises . 
  therefore , from each party 's perspective there will be good and bad in it , but the whole thing represents a balance between each party 's bad and good , and is a thing to be voted on as a package , because it * is * a package . 
  the parliaments therefore can not have the power to make amendments to the agreement - it would make more sense for them to have made amendments to the original negotiating mandate .
