   reform is needed , but it is now harder , leaving the euro would n't be a panacea , but would make it more palatable to the population . 
  i 'm going to set this out as equations , and see if there are any hidden assumptions . 
  assigning -1 for pain , 0 for no value , +1 for benefit . 
  a. bootle 's preference : reforms ( -1 ) + no euro ( ? ), 
  current option : reforms ( -1 ) + euro ( ? ), 
  now if a is an improvement on b , then the sum of b must be less than the sum of a. 
  since the reform term is the same in each , it follows that either ` no euro = +1 ' and ` euro = 0 ' or ` no euro = 0 ' and ` euro = -1 ' . 
  so there 's a large assumption here - that the euro is , in itself , quite aside from the fact that it forces structural reforms , either worthless or negative . 
  and that raises a couple of points - first , that euro membership * is n't * seen as worthless or negative in itself by eurozone countries ; and second , that the argument about reforms is actually redundant here . 
  the entire article is predicated on the assumption that the euro is worse than the lira , full stop , in itself . 
  if , on the other hand , we do n't consider euro membership as valueless or negative , our equations look rather different : a. bootle 's preference : reforms ( -1 ) + no euro ( 0 ) = -1 b. 
  current option : reforms ( -1 ) + euro ( +1 ) = 0 suddenly , the pain of structural reforms has a gain - euro membership . 
  and , you know , amazingly enough , this was the basis on which countries signed up for the euro . 
  finally , of course , the act of leaving the euro would be a very similar signal to default , and i suspect that italy 's foreign debt market would n't simply sail calmly on . 
  certainly the author is n't saying that . 
  on the contrary , his argument is that :  the radical option is for italy to leave the euro and allow a weak currency to generate an export boom , higher inflation , more taxes and an easier debt burden . 
  nothing in that suggests that italy would be fixing its structural problems . 
  on the contrary , what he 's saying is that it will reduce the need to fix them . 
  certain countries have perennial structural issues which are politically very difficult to fix ( ireland included ) . 
  in one sense , because euro membership means you ca n't paper the problems over with a weak currency , those countries perhaps ought not to have entered the euro until they had fixed their structural issues . 
  but without the euro , there would never be the political impetus to fix those problems . 
  i 'm aware of those points , which is why i used the term ` orthodox ' - and i 'm afraid ` orthodoxy ' in economics is not defined primarily by academic economists . 
  but i have to note that a `` rational bubble '' is not the same as an irrational bubble , and that the reaction to the recent boe paper on the role of private banks in creating money was met with a good deal of dismissiveness - possibly because orthodox economics appears to model private banks as only creating money as a form of multiplier of central bank money . 
  if that 's what you 're thinking of , i suggest you read the boe paper . 
  orthodox economic theory does indeed seem to ignore both bubbles ( efficient market theory more or less says they ca n't happen ) and the role of private banks in creating them ( because the fact that private banks * create * money is apparently also unorthodox ) . 
  at some point we need to drag economics kicking and screaming out of the nineteenth century and into the century the economy lives in . 
  the claim that wars `` just do n't / wo n't happen now because [ rational reason x ] '' rely on the idea that war is some kind of rational undertaking . 
  i admit that it has never struck me that way . 
   as for coins , who the hell counterfits coins ? 
  you wo n't go strolling around with trucks of coins . 
  particularly not the incredibly heavy euro coins ... 
   no eu parties on our ballots , and the eu 's biggest one ( the epp ) only got 0.17 % of the vote in the uk anyway . 
  i 'm not sure why that latter bit matters . 
  the s&d got 25.4 % of the uk vote , and 100 % of the uk vote went to meps . 
  eu parties certainly appear on ours , and national parliamentarians can also change parties without relinquishing their seats . 
   that 's a very pretty way of saying `` we become a tax haven '' * semi * tax haven . 
  apparently . 
  what this suggests is that there are two possible ` minimum effort ' takedown regimes for a company : 1 . take everything down on initial request 2 . take everything down only on court order there are no penalties to choosing the second route , it leaves the question of whether a takedown is justified in the hands of courts , it requires less compliance effort on the part of google et al , prevents frivolous requests , and it clearly does less damage to the search engines as ` public repositories ' . 
  that google appears to have chosen the first regime suggests they have chosen to maximise the damage being done in an attempt to achieve a reversal of the whole idea . 
  i think that 's pretty standard , it was that way here . 
  the government , naturally enough , preferred to make out that an unpopular measure was dictated by the troika , but in ireland at least it was pretty clear that was n't really the case , because there were reforms that were definitely on the troika agenda all along , but which either did n't happen at all , or happened in such a way as to protect the government 's preferred interests . 
  you had to keep a close eye on what the troika said was needed , and then look at what was actually done , to see where the government had clearly refused or evaded , because the troika were never so impolite as to * say * the government were n't doing what had been agreed . 
  yeah , this . 
  ireland was the same up to about 20-25 years ago , where taxes were so draconian that everyone evaded them . 
  in the early nineties , the governments started rethinking tax . 
  our tax service was made business-friendly , everything was simplified , rates came down sharply , and , importantly , there was a series of tax amnesties where people could come clean and pay the taxes they 'd been avoiding without any penalties or fines . 
  our troika program did n't require changes to the tax bands like that , but balancing the government budget does require raising taxes as well as cutting spending . 
   but hey you had the celtic tiger thing for a few years so there 's that . 
  and now we 're ashamed of that too ... 
   rioting in valhalla is unexpected . 
  pretty sure that rioting was what you did for * fun * in valhalla . 
  omg the eu is totally a monolithic superstate with no room for diversity !, 
   the drugs that should be included of the gdp are seized drugs and as such property of the government and can be accounted for . 
  but unless the government can resell them , they 're not an asset of the government . 
  eh , more likely just a eurostat oversight . 
  either that or the fact that our gini coefficients have n't changed since 2008 . 
  they have gone down compared to the pre-crisis period , though , although maybe that 's the result of following `` the demands of our eu betters '' , which would make the spinelessness of `` our political overlords '' something of a positive . 
  with ireland : http://i61.tinypic.com/2qla877.png, 
  ca n't see it either . 
  currently offended , but will go and see was ireland in the data . 
  again , you seem to be arguing with something i 'm not saying . 
  my point was that you can be satisfied with something natural , as per the current discussion , without feeling awe . 
  you seem to be arguing that the two are basically inseparable , and i disagree . 
  perhaps that 's just me , and just you . 
  i do n't see how a bacon sandwich is equivalent to a mountain range . 
  cut the bread across the angle . 
  bring your eye down to the level of the table . . well , starting again , i 'm saying `` being satisfied by their existence is pretty much inseparably implied by awe '' is n't true , at least not on the basis that `` you would n't feel awed if the scene which invoked the emotion was n't there '' . 
  the latter bit is just too broad - if there 's a diseased rat in front of me , then i 'm going to feel some emotion about it . 
  i 'm not going to feel awe , or satisfaction in its existence , despite the undeniable fact of its existence , and that its existence is necessary for me to feel an emotion about it . 
  and there are things that i feel satisfied by the existence of without feeling any awe , under which heading i 'd include distant mountains as well as bacon sandwiches . 
  no awe , but yes glad about them being there . 
  are there things i feel awe about without being `` satisfied by their existence '' ? 
  i think so , although most things that fall under this emotional mix are military . 
  i can be awed by huge firepower without , i think , being satisfied in any way that it exists . 
  skyscrapers , too , i think , and some large but dirty industry . 
  one can be awed by the removal of mountain tops for mining , or by a huge dam , without in any way feeling a satisfaction in their existence . 
  so i think the two concepts are n't inseparable . 
   being satisfied by their existence is pretty much inseparably implied by awe , after all , you would n't feel awed if the scene which invoked the emotion was n't there ... 
  but that applies to any emotion about anything . 
  i could n't like my bacon sandwich if it did n't exist , but that does n't mean i feel any feeling of awe about it ... 
   while we 're all here , can we work out a word for ` the collective embarrassment of not being able to just organise a bloody country music concert in a rational manner ' ? 
  as in `` how ya feelin ? '' ... 
  `` eh , a bit * oi * rish '' ... `` ah yeah , it 's mad '' . 
   so what are the chances it goes through ? 
  seem pretty high , or am i mistaken ? 
  uncertain , i would say . 
  the national governments and parliaments are a pretty foregone yes , i think . 
  the european parliament - which voted down acta - is uncertain . 
  it really comes down to which way the s&d group jumps . 
  we can probably predict gue/ngl against , greens against , epp , ecr , alde mostly pro . 
  that gives 358 pro ( epp , ecr , alde ) , 102 anti ( gue , greens ) . 
  add s&d to the anti and you get 293 anti , 358 pro , and 100 other meps being 48 efdd and 52 ni . 
  ukip ( 24 ) would be pro , i think , but grillo 's 5star ( 17 ) anti . 
  the nis are mostly france 's fn , and they 're anti . 
  so ... maybe 380 predictably pro , 340 probably anti at this stage , and a lot would depend on whether there 's a noisy political campaign against ttip across europe . 
  the pro side in acta would have had a * larger * predicted majority . 
  i 've heard it referred to as ` ping ' , but that 's a bit techy . 
  it will be circular , because he 's correct that the literal meaning of the word is translatable , but the complex of concepts that travels with it is n't directly transferable . 
  for the irish , `` emigrate '' is like that - literally translatable , but for the irish it carries an enormous amount of baggage . 
  so , for example , to someone irish it also carries overtones of loss , desolation , imposed injustice , but also hope , new beginnings , wealth , and freedom .
