  the uk allows the market to dictate policy , but that 's a political decision too . 
  qe - clever when the uk/us does it , not when those silly euro people do it . 
   agreed . 
  i think that the similarities were a lot more than just `` wheels and internal combustion '' , and focusing on the design of the backup systems and location of fuel for the same . 
  i presume that the german government will make that part of their case , but i have n't seen much about it to date . 
   well , there are active seismic areas in the north of germany and recorded earthquakes with epicentres at sea in the vicinity of at least one of the vattenfall stations . 
  not saying this was taken into account , but it is conceivable that it was a consideration . 
  there 's rather a lot of difference between a magnitude 4 earthquake and a magnitude 9 - 5 orders of magnitude , given the richter scale is a log scale . 
  again , that 's kind of `` similar '' in a non-meaningful sense . 
   yes - and one of the key points in the article that was originally posted was how this investment protection scheme actually disadvantaged domestic companies that might have similar grievances . 
  whether that will have any bearing in the dispute resolution process is something else , but the key point is that nobody is saying that the decision should be consequence free . 
  indeed , what i am saying is that it is not clear cut that there 's a case to be answered here , but we must go through the process anyway because parties should honour their commitments . 
  fair enough . 
  i ca n't say whether there 's really a case to answer , or if there is , that it 's a good case , but as you say , parties should honour their commitments . 
   yes , if the venezuelan operator used the same buses as the german one and new information came to light that pointed potential design issues with the buses as a result of an investigation into the crash of one of the venezuelan buses . 
  the stations in question are all pre 1981 build of a similar design and reactor type ( bear in mind that the vattenfall complaint relates to two stations that are part of an initial closure and not of the wider , everything-must-go one that followed ) . 
  a lot depends there on whether the problems are highly likely to be shared , and i do n't think the links you gave establish that at all . 
  `` similar design '' could cover , in the analogy , the fact that the buses all have wheels and internal combustion engines - and that 's leaving aside the question of whether german nuclear plants are really at risk of a tsunami . 
  good call , and good article . 
  it 's easy to forget that the fringes make more noise than the centre voter base , and that the centre voter base is what delivers a solid majority . 
  pandering to the tea party in the us did n't do the gop any favours - unfortunately , though , politicians and analysts regularly draw the wrong conclusions from their initial failures resulting from such pandering , and pander even harder . 
  once the process of moving to match a fringe has begun , it seems to be hard to call a halt to it . 
   i have never argued against the fact that the german government 's decision was a political one ; instead , i am arguing that such a decision is legitimate on sovereignty grounds and that vattenfall should have no expectation of compensation for potential future earnings predicated on a bet ( basically , on the assumption of continuation of a given policy ) . 
  there 's nothing illegitimate about the decision , but one of germany 's * other * sovereign decisions was to sign up to investor protection in the sort of circumstances applying here . 
  so vattenfall are relying on germany 's sovereign decisions , not challenging them as such . 
  after all , `` sovereign '' is not simply another word for `` consequence-free '' . 
   clearly , there was new design and safety-related information that came out of the disaster , i do n't think it is realistic to claim otherwise . 
  it 's entirely realistic to claim it has nothing to do with vattenfall , though , which is what i did . 
  new * scientific * evidence would apply to vattenfall ( and any nuclear plants ) , but evidence that there were issues with the japanese plants is irrelevant unless someone can show that vattenfall has a poor safety record and/or is likely to have concealed safety issues , which nobody is arguing . 
  if the german government wishes to point to fukushima as part of the reasoning for its decision , it may do so , but vattenfall will only ask `` what has that to do with * our * plants ? 
  what are you accusing * us * of ? '' . 
  consider it this way - what would the poor safety record of a venezuelan bus operator have to do with the safety of german buses ? 
   step 1 : subsidize renewables step 2 : renewables push wholesale prices down ( this is were the article stops ) step 3 : subsidize fossil fuel stations to maintain grid stability step 4 : subsidies are expensive . 
  recuperate costs from consumers . 
  and at point 3 , in theory , all the people currently complaining about subsidies to renewables complain about subsidies to fossil fuels ... heh . 
  sounds like she really wanted the chair of the delegation , approached the non-efdd parties for support , and they said `` no , sorry , you 're a member of efdd '' . 
  so she said , `` oh well , how about if i 'm not ? '' . 
  oh noes - party politics !, 
  so unfair . 
  we 're sort of at cross-purposes here . 
  what you have put forward ( and which i did read , and did n't downvote ) is not new scientific evidence regarding nuclear safety , which is the only basis on which the decision vattenfall is suing over would be one which was not political . 
  that nuclear plants in japan have been shown to have had safety issues which were concealed in the case of those particular plants is completely irrelevant to the german decision . 
  for it to be relevant to the plants vattenfall built or were building you would need to show that vattenfall had concealed safety issues relevant to * their * plants . 
  do you see why your * general * arguments against nuclear power or the nuclear industry are not relevant to vattenfall 's case ? 
  nothing in fukushima forced germany to take the decision it took , because fukushima involved known risks which were concealed , not new risks which were not known . 
  the thing is that it 's not really anything more than a multilateral extradition treaty , something which , if the uk government wants it , as it apparently does , will happen with or without the eu . 
  currently , that 's exactly both the reality and the plan for the foreseeable future . 
  the eu is not in the road to a deliberately federal europe - all the moves that people see as `` federalising '' are federalising only in that they involve working together , and are only made because it makes sense to work together in that area . 
  what new information ? 
  no new scientific evidence regarding the safety of nuclear power emerged from fukushima . 
  the public just became more aware of the existing and known risks . 
  there is a huge difference , legally , between new scientific evidence for previously unknown risks , and an increased public appreciation of those risks . 
  the fukushima inquiry found that all the risks were known , which means that nothing emerged from fukushima which would make the the german government 's decision one of necessity . 
   because , in europe , we adopt the precautionary principle . 
  also , `` safe '' according to whom ? 
  according to the german government prior to its policy change , and that 's basically sufficient . 
  no new evidence led to the policy change , it was a purely political decision , and that 's really what vattenfall are reliant on in their case . 
  had new and conclusive evidence emerged that nuclear power and/or specifically vattenfall 's reactors were a danger to the public , they would n't really have a case , because they clearly could not be allowed to proceed as a business with something harmful . 
  note , since these things tend to derail , that i 'm not making a statement on the * real * safety or otherwise of nuclear power . 
  i 'm pointing out that the german government accepted them as safe , and that the underlying scientific position on safety was not changed in such a way as to * force * the german government to change its policy . 
   as annoying as it is to have them conflated it 's the `` european project '' in general people dont consider legitimate . 
  the echr is n't a `` european project '' as such , though , but a human rights one . 
   after lisbon the two are conflated to a degree . 
  well , not really . 
  the eu as an entity has signed up to the echr , but that 's binding on the eu institutions , not the member states . 
  and the ecj may use echr as precedent , but so can any court . 
  most importantly , the question of prisoner rights is determined by the echr without reference to the eu , and the eu remains without any say in those areas . 
  on the other hand , the eu could certainly look on the adherence of member states to the echr as a measure of their commitment to human rights . 
   for instance they 'll go on about how the eu has made it possible for criminals to vote , but when actually explained why is it against basic human rights to deny voting to someone because he broke the law , they 'll agree with it . 
  it 's worse than that , of course , because that 's the echr , not the eu . 
   i think the round numbers are just wrong , round one we blamed usa for starting the crisis , round 2 is bail out and austerity part for southern european countries . 
  i think that was more of a qualifier round , though . 
  yeah , but ... for different reasons . 
  eh , we blamed the germans in round one . 
   i ca n't really speak for the rest of europe but we are told there are lots of people coming in from africa & asia . 
  the solution to which is to leave the eu and get chummier with the commonwealth . 
  apparently . 
   how much money do you pump into something that clearly does n't work before you try to reform it from the inside ? 
  ask america ... 
   it certainly questions the editorial standards and policies imho . 
  that it certainly does . 
  see http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2j3n0l/meps_earn_millions_on_the_side/, 
   nevertheless it is a deeply misleading and disingenuous article . 
  it does n't point out that there are 750 meps and uses the ` millions ' tag to try to smear the meps with an accusation of corruption and elitism . 
  sure - i 've said as much elsewhere . 
  but one misleading and sensationalist article does n't necessarily imply a general euroscepticism . 
  we need to fight to keep the lawyers out of scientific debate - i can not see a single positive to their increasing use . 
   from my own experience , eu observer is far from eurosceptic . 
  might have been when it was founded but it certainly has n't been the case lately . 
  it does have an unsurprising but slight nordic and anglo-saxon bias . 
  recently it seems to get its founding ( besides advertising ) from the adessium and open society foundations which are hardly right-wing eurosceptic groups . 
  i 'd agree . 
  certainly by uk press standards , it 's not eurosceptic - but then , not much is . 
  ** ireland ** we protested about the introduction of water charges on saturday . 
  but you probably knew that . 
  i love the transparency , but the title is excessively sensationalist . 
  some meps also have other jobs - and * some * of them earn a good bit . 
  * most * meps do n't , though . 
  nor can i really see anything all that wrong with outside involvements in principle . 
  yes , sure , i want an mep to be very involved in their legislative work - but i would also like them to have some idea of the outside world , rather than being just career politicians .
