  after all , the track record thee is not exactly stellar ... 
  no , i still dont ' t see it as requiring bravery - it 's actually an easy and populist call . 
  if it would take bravery to actually * do * it as opposed to just calling fot it , one has to wonder why . 
  and , no , i very definitely do n't want a use !, 
   fifth - we need brave politicians , ready to stand there and take the heat ... . . 
  i do n't see that there 's any issue with finding politician 's `` brave '' enough to propose leaving the euro - every country has some , i think , never mind the countries where the euro has been only recently adopted or not adopted at all . 
  i do n't see that it would require any bravery at all to propose leaving , or even to do so , unless doing so involves a surprising amount of pain - and it 's hard to see how leaving such an apparently unmitigated disaster of a currency could possibly cause pain more dissuasive than remaining ? 
   and , i see just bigger problems . 
  historically a currency union does two things . 
  either it becomes ever closer , or it dissolves . 
  we are not becoming closer ... 
  i wonder if the infant dollar , a decade and a bit in , seemed as solid and unalterable a part of the landscape as it now does . 
  it 's curious that there seem to be no beneficiaries of the euro , yet no country appears to have any wish to leave . 
  the food is also a subtle joke . 
   i think you 're severely underestimating the importance of freedom of monetary and fiscal policy for a sovereign . 
  that is of course always possible , but as far as i can see , what the eurozone nations have given up are certain policy instruments which were very blunt , rather unreliable , and not without negative side-effects - national interest rates , devaluation , and money-printing , basically . 
  these were already sufficiently poorly handled by national governments that they were generally given up as powers to independent central banks , but even in those hands they were n't particularly good policy instruments , particularly the latter two . 
  again , maybe looking at this from an irish perspective is a little particular , since ireland had a currency peg to sterling until we entered emu . 
  small countries do n't have meaningful currency sovereignty anyway . 
  sure , assuming that what 's being bought is consumable goods/services rather than anything contributing as investment . 
  but what does it have to do with the `` euro crisis '' ? 
  that there are structural problems in some european countries is nothing new . 
  i think you do have leave greece out of any general commentary about the periphery problems , or at least treat it differently . 
  greece was not a healthy economy , and its problems do seem rather self-inflicted , what with the huge difference between their originally claimed stats and their real position . 
  plus they had a sovereign problem that brought down their banks , rather than the other way round . 
  not government indebtedness - if a country runs a trade deficit , the government does n't borrow to cover that . 
  so it 's kind of hard to see how a bilateral trade deficit with germany translates into rampant government spending and borrowing . 
  and not all trade deficits even mean `` indebtedness '' at all , or reflect lack of competitiveness either . 
  if you had low labour costs and cheap locations for factories , foreign companies would `` export '' the machinery for their factories to your country . 
  so trade deficits can reflect investment in a country too . 
   i do n't think it will last forever . 
  unless there are some serious serious reforms to the way the euro works , at some point a big country will decide that it has had enough and will exit . 
  and that will be the end of the story . 
  the euro is causing a slow-burning recession to the whole continent . 
  again , no , i do n't see that . 
  i see that some eurozone countries lost competitiveness , and did n't automatically get the stabilisation effect of market devaluation of their currencies . 
  i can see that countries may need to take different policy steps to move out of recession than those they 've undertaken in the past , but also maybe not . 
  ireland moved out of its eighties recession by pursuing similar policy goals to its current mix . 
  as far as i can see , all that the euro really prevents is adjustment by devaluation , and i 'm not sure that that devaluation was a particularly good policy . 
  it was politically easier to represent as something that `` just happened '' , but it was n't ever really a substitute for competitiveness through innovation , increased productivity , or wage restraint . 
  thanks for those - and yes , i 'd have to say they convincingly demonstrate an increase in the bilateral trade deficit between greece and germany . 
  i 'd be happier if they also showed services , but now i have to do some thinking . 
  what i 'd appreciate knowing , though , is how this bilateral trade deficit creates greece 's problems ... ? 
  the euro * is * a straitjacket . 
  you do n't have access to tools like devaluation , over-rated though those are . 
  but neither is the euro going to go away - the political will to maintain it is pretty much proven at this stage . 
  i do n't think the markets are causing an economic crisis now , or that they 're necessarily now judging risk correctly . 
  we currently have bond rates below anything we achieved pre-crisis , despite having a huge debt load . 
  that 's probably not right either . 
   dude , you 're just fighting way to much to rationalise your prior belief . 
  it 's so obvious it hurts . 
  for example , here how does it matter if it was an explicit intention of the eurozone structure or a result of markets making a risk assessment ? 
  in both cases , the ecb 's policy is a contributing factor . 
  because a risk assessment can be - and was , spectacularly - wrong . 
  it 's a bit weird to say `` this is a problem with the euro '' when what you mean is `` this is a problem with the markets ' perception of the euro '' . 
  it 's the same as saying `` this man is a criminal '' when what you actually mean is `` people believe this man is a criminal '' . 
  huge difference . 
  i had actually looked at the trade data before , which is why i did n't find these arguments very convincing . 
  could n't remember where i 'd got the data from last time , but it said the same thing - there 's no big change in the trade relationships inside the eurozone . 
  and thanks * so * much for the `` surprisingly '' ... 
   i think it 's pretty simple . 
  ecb lowered its interest rates to help germany recover but the interest rate was too low for the periphery countries and that caused asset bubbles there . 
  give this a read and tell me if you find it convincing . 
  i 've never found that story particularly convincing , for a variety of reasons , and i find that paper even less so than some . 
  the convergence of bond spreads was n't part of the eurozone 's architecture , as can be seen from the scattering of those bond rates come the crisis - it seems , on the contrary , to have been a market misreading of risk . 
  the author 's explanation that it came about because `` the ecb inherited the bundesbank 's reputation as an inflation fighter '' is a rather slanted way of not saying that it resulted from market assessment , particularly given the ecb 's explicit inflation target . 
  and explanations for peripheral sovereign debt that purport to relate to the ecb 's * bank * lending rate with the convergence of sovereign bond rates , as if the one set the other , strike me as requiring yet another of these huge leaps which are achieved by simple conflation of similar sounding things . 
  second , interest rates were low globally . 
  the special explanation in the eurozone is that they were low for germany , but they were low for every other major central bank as well . 
  there was nothing particularly special about the eurozone : http://www.tradersnarrative.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/12/global%20central%20bank%20interest%20rates.png third , asset bubbles happened only in some places . 
  again , the explanations for those in the eurozone tend to be in terms of the euro , and the people offering those explanations tend to ignore the non-euro asset bubbles ( such as iceland and the uk ) in favour of a special euro explanation . 
   i never said that showing the two graphs next to each other is sufficient proof . 
  also , i never claimed that `` germany is fully responsible '' for causing the loss of competitiveness in the other countries . 
  i 'm afraid that you are constructing a strawman here . 
  well , a little bit , yes - my defence is that here in ireland , my straw man tends to be the actual position most people adopt . 
  in the minds of many , germany is totally to blame for pretty much the whole thing . 
   now , what constitutes sufficient proof ? 
  i think you agree that if you suppress your wages , that causes an increase in competitiveness . 
  increased competitiveness increases your exports . 
  the countries that share a currency with you are the ones that have the least tools available to counter your competitiveness boost and are therefore the ones who will decrease their exports ( and increase their imports from you ) . 
  well , you 've pretty much indicated what 's needed - demonstration that germany increased its exports to the piigs and the piigs decreased their exports to germany . 
  and on that subject : http://lolgreece.blogspot.ie/2010/11/german-imports-myth-fail.html it 's telling , surely , that those who repeat the claim that german competitiveness sucked the piigs into debt do n't seem to have those rather necessary figures to hand ? 
   well , obviously i did not mean it that way . 
  but it 's hard to refute the point that the architecture of the eurozone encouraged this behaviour and that the countries should at least acknowledge that and take it into account when battling the crisis . 
  a very large number of people say that , but the number of people who seem to be able to explain how without resorting to questionable and simplistic graphical `` correlations '' is very small ( that 's not personally intended , btw ) . 
  the architecture of the euro - the very existence of the euro , really - makes certain things inevitable , such as single interest rates . 
  inevitable , and of course completely 100 % predictable , stated in large words on the tin , requiring no prophetic powers , etc - yet those very same self-evident architectural points are trotted out as if they were some kind of mystifying and unpredicted arcana which took the eurozone periphery governments and policy makers completely by surprise . 
  there seems almost to be a general air of `` who knew ? '' . 
  i 'm not sure what about the euro is supposed to have produced the irish property bubble . 
  people link the two , and then wave their hands mysteriously and say `` it 's obvious '' , but i ca n't see anything obvious about it . 
  i find it hard to see anything actually relevant about the euro to the irish property bubble . 
  no other asset bubble has required a common currency . 
  the uk 's eighties property bubbles , iceland 's property bubble , the us property bubble ... obviously none of these required the euro . 
  an asset bubble requires only that buyers believe that asset prices will continue to go up , and that banks believe that lending to buyers is a good bet . 
  people * think * that the banks have to `` get the money from somewhere '' in order to keep lending , but that 's not how money actually works in modern economies . 
  banks * create * money by lending , and continue to do so as long as doing so looks profitable - see this boe bulletin for a proper explanation : www.bankofengland.co.uk/publications/documents/quarterlybulletin/2014/qb14q1prereleasemoneycreation.pdf  you 're of course right that it is n't the only relevant bit . 
  but what exactly does that refute ? 
  the way i understand it is that these sorts of articles are trying to shed light on the relationship between surplus regions and deficit regions and only aim to demonstrate that one country 's wage repression has a beggar-thy-neighbour effect on the competitiveness of other countries . 
  that bit is not refuted by your argument . 
  that general point is not refuted , sure .
