  the original game is a nice touch though . 
  there 's already bmr ( black market reloaded ) . 
  tbh i always preferred that to silk road . 
  so how is this 900 reader sub different to the 164.000 reader / r/shutupandtakemymoney ? 
   one of the major benefits of having it has been crushed, 
  silkroad is n't the only site that does what it does . 
  bmr for example is an exact copy of silkroad . 
  i do n't think any `` benefits '' have been lost , the sellers will just migrate to another site offering the exact same service . 
  the article says `` website generated sales of more than 9.5 million bitcoin , roughly equivalent to $ 1.2 billion . '', 
  9.5 million bitcoin might be right , but it was n't always worth $ 1.2 b, 
  the price of bitcoin went up almost tenfold a few months ago . 
  i do n't know why , i 'm not an expert . 
  i just use bitcoins to buy drugs and noticed the conversion rates . 
  just look at [ this chart i found on google image search ] ( http://qzprod.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/value-of-one-bitcoin-in-us-dollars_chart-2.png?w=1024&amp;h=576 ) . 
  if you 're interested i 'm sure google will offer more details . 
  point being using the estimated sales in bitcoins and converting them to dollars with today 's rates does n't equal the actual sales in dollars at the time of purchase . 
  i 'd pull her ponytail and run away under the table ( nobody can see me because of the tablecloth ) . 
  no because men are interesting by themselves . 
  if you need proof just look at any hollywood movie/tv show . 
  if there are two women talking to each other they wo n't go for 15 seconds without the subject of the conversation being a man . 
  the only mistake you made in that sentence was including `` almost '' . 
  the important thing to remember is lcn is individual and affected by story/your actions while bawsaq is global and affected by how other players invest . 
  but how does it make you feel knowing that man who wanted to marry you also made the conscious decision to date that girl ? 
  even sucking can be too much for many . 
  i 'm not one of those people , but i 've heard a lot of people describe it in agony and although i myself enjoy the sucking i know the feeling they 're describing ( when my balls get stuck to the penis-hole in boxers and i 'm trying to pull them down ) . 
  i 've been trying to find words for this too and it really is . 
  my ex would be mesmerized just staring at my balls after sex for extended periods of times . 
  it was kinda odd but i did n't really mind . 
  as did silk road . 
  well that 's a more planned through answer than i expected . 
  am i not the first one to ask this question after hearing that story ? 
  i do n't know who 's being sarcastic anymore . 
  that 's word for word exactly what i came to say . 
  i ca n't say more because obviously i have n't seen the movie , but * i 'd watch it . 
  am i drunk or is that paragraph extremely difficult to read ? 
  well in that case i definitely recommend you check it out . 
  i honestly do n't know anyone who has n't seen it ( no exaggeration ) . 
  even my parents ( 50 + ) absolutely loved it which surprised me . 
  it did air on national tv where i live though . 
  my original point was recommending the wire these days feels like recommending godfather or schindler 's list . 
  it 's already established as one of the classics . 
  you mean the service that rents you game licenses instead of selling games and overall just fucks over it 's customers but you can save a few bucks ? 
  yeah that service does n't have a special place in my heart . 
  i actually had a thoughtful answer planned for this since i enjoy exchanging views online . 
  then i read your comment to the end and you called me a brat so i 'm just going to give you [ this picture of a butthole ] ( http://img.wtfmeme.com/33-ill-see-your-butthole-tattoo-and-raise-you-my-butthole-tattoo.jpg ) instead of intelligent conversation . 
  yeah but sometimes brands and their slogans/ad campaigns are part of popular culture . 
  i admit upvoting this submissions did make me cringe , but it simply was funny . 
  also i refuse to believe anyone who works in advertisement for a living could come up with something this creative . 
  it 's weird that this post made me laugh more than the original ads did . 
  i even upvoted it . 
  it did feel strange and dirty and wrong but i did . 
  well the two are n't mutually exclusive . 
  while we 're on the subject of ninja edits ... it 's `` would have '' . 
  i do n't know what you 're referring to . 
  unless it 's the superhero movie/comic in which case i do n't get what you 're saying . 
  i do n't know if there 's any `` official '' group of people doing this , but if you check online forums/other discussion platforms about the subject you can read reviews of the products/senders and also warnings if someone is a scammer . 
  i would n't order any drugs online without having a relatively trustworthy 3rd party recommending it . 
  i got in yesterday within 5 minutes of the update coming online and have played 16 + hours since with relatively little problems . 
  i guess our experiences are opposite in almost every way . 
  i play on 360 though . 
  it has n't necessarily fucked * you * over , but it has me and tons of other players . 
  yes i have . 
  when i want to play any of my physical games i put them in and play them . 
  i do n't have to get permission from anyone to play them and i ca n't lose my `` priviledges '' to play them . 
  maybe not online multiplayer but at least i can play through the singleplayer . 
  with steam even single player campaigns are `` leased '' . 
  yeah my imac has a problem with it 's screen as well . 
  it 's been to maintenance three times and always sent back without actually fixing the problem . 
  if i had sent it back three more times i maybe could 've gotten it fixed but i need my computer for school work and it took about 2 weeks every time so i just decided to live with it . 
  well for one i have a steam account that i remember the username , the e-mail and the password for . 
  i ca n't access any of those games because of `` safety features '' that demand i send them my credit card info from 4 years ago ( which i obviously do n't have as the card expired 2 years ago ) because i bought a new computer along the way . 
  i 've been fighting this with steam support for about a year now but they do n't give a shit as people shove their money to gaben even with the subpar customer service . 
  yeah but i 'm not one in a million . 
  in my quest to find answers on the internet i found that i 'm very much not alone . 
  it 's just that `` valve steam sales $ 5 gogogo '' seems to get a lot more attention than `` hey guys this company totally fucked me over '' . 
  besides i do n't think the problem is really that this happened to me . 
  it 's the fact that it 's possible this thing can happen to me . 
  there is n't a game store in the world that could one day come to your house and take back all the games it 's sold you over the years , it 's just not how that business model works . 
  and it is how valve 's model works . 
   i 've never had only one star for more than a few seconds , that second star comes quick . 
  the first star basically means `` cops have been called '' . 
  you get the second star automatically if the police make eye contact with you and you try to escape them . 
  the registration seems to be closed . 
  probably because of the tor security breach a few weeks ago and now this . 
  they probably are just implementing new needed security upgrades like it says . 
  i have never ever had the problem of coming too early or `` battling to restrain myself '' . 
  i do n't know if i jerked off too much as a teenager but even the first time i had to work hard to even be able to ejaculate . 
  once or twice i 've come easily but other than that it 's always `` i 'm bored of having sex , let me focus and go into maximum overdrive for a minute so i can stop doing this '' after 30 + minutes of banging . 
  i 'm not complaining as i rather have this than premature ejaculation but not every man is `` fighting the urge to come '' constantly . 
  if you go to the nudist camp at mt. 
  chiliad there 's men naked or wearing shirts only and their penises are fully modeled and visible . 
  `` the man '' ? 
  you mean a protagonist of the last gta game ? 
  yeah but it kinda makes sense in far cry 3 since you 're ( acting like ) a saviour to the indigenous people of the island . 
  in gtav you 're not even pretending to care about the citizens of los santos . 
  i prefer google.com as it loads about as fast as about : blank but lets me know whether or not i 'm connected to the internet . 
  i do use about : blank for new tabs though . 
  i do n't use drugs . 
  not any manufactured in a factory or prescribed by a doctor at least . 
  my character was gone after i shut down my console to eat for a half hour but after idling in single player for about 5 minutes it was back .
