  so how 's your third language ? 
  ever make any spelling errors ? 
  i cringed more at that font than i did at the post, 
   my eighth language, 
  let me guess , like a typical american you took one class a decade ago and know how to say `` thank you '' which means you speak spanish . 
  also i 'm pretty sure no one over the age of 16 has ever played the `` maturity '' card . 
  i do n't have an ssd and my photoshop takes like 2-3 seconds more at most . 
  it 's not even a new computer , it 's a 3 year old mac with mac hardware ( not that good ) . 
  how slow are these photoshops people are complaining about ? 
  this is real time : http://gfycat.com/disfiguredcoarseabalone you can see a clock with seconds in the bottom left corner . 
  how would you prove you speak a language over the internet ? 
  you ca n't , you could just copy paste someone else 's text . 
  which you probably had already done since you 're complaining how i did n't ask for proof . 
  my uptime right now is about 2 months so probably not . 
  i have n't used photoshop in the last week at least . 
  true , but seeing as how this was after multiple days of not using photoshop it 's probably pretty indicative of regular use . 
  i only restart my computer about 4 times a year or so . 
  i could try rebooting and see if that has an effect . 
  mac is like linux . 
  you do n't need to keep restarting it for it to run smoothly . 
  the only reason i ever restart is because some updates require it . 
  i just let them pile up for a few months and get it over with in one go . 
  implying 10 months is a long time, 
  you enjoy the feeling of fucking a rubber duck ? 
  verify what ? 
  it 's a part of the leaked set available everywhere . 
  i 've had this computer for 3,5 years and unless you count the ~ 2 hours when i moved to a new apartment and the occasional restart where it switches off for about 1 second it 's never been turned off . 
  never put it on sleep mode either . 
   using lube for other than anal sex, 
  maybe you should n't have mutilated your dick, 
  that camera ( wo ) man had nerves of steel to keep filming while ( s ) he was practically on the line of fire . 
   my point is the lengths they went to avoid leaking the pictures is enough to keep the blame away from the celebrities negligence, 
  how do you know anything about the `` lenghts they went '' ? 
  for all we know they could 've used the same password for icloud they used for every other service . 
  i do n't know when taking nudes of yourself became a widely accepted thing like it 's a basic human right but if you 're gon na do it chances are someone you do n't want seeing the pics is going to see them . 
  and you can multiply those odds by a hundred if you 're a celebrity since there 's money involved . 
   they used a password protected account , that 's a reasonable length, 
  seeing as how it 's impossible to create an account without a password you have really low standards for `` reasonable lenght '' . 
  with that logic having `` password : password '' would be a reasonable lenght for a celebrity to hide her nude pics . 
  and i 'm neither old or virgin , just not american . 
  you people seem to be going crazy over nude selfies at least based on the news that keep popping up on reddit . 
  whoever would 've thought that taking nude pics of yourself and sharing them on devices linked to the cloud could backfire . 
   this is getting to the point of blaming someone for being raped, 
  no , it 's not . 
  uploading your naked pics to icloud or sending them out to other people who possibly had their phones set to upload everything to icloud is not `` reasonable measures to safeguard private information '' . 
  taking and sharing nude pics of yourself with zero risk of them ever spreading is not a basic human right . 
  it 's an obvious risk that comes with the activity , whether it 's common or not . 
  no one ever said hacking private info is acceptable . 
  there 's a difference between what is morally right and what is realistically to be expected . 
  being common and being safe are not related to one another at all . 
  and if you 're a celebrity the public interest in your nude photos is quite a bit larger than a random teenager . 
  you should be taking extra precautions , not the bare minimum an average person does . 
  the celebs in question got caught using shitty passwords/giving out private info on public wifi . 
  that cameraperson had nerves of steel to keep filming while the person was practically on the line of fire . 
  sounds even more ridiculous to me . 
  you only choose functional fonts in case someone else can see you using them ? 
  in private you prefer shitty fonts ? 
  true but a website being hacked is not `` confirmed until proved otherwise '' . 
  login phishing is a billion times more likely than someone actually `` hacking icloud '' . 
  the guy who originally released the photos claimed he had been collecting them for some time . 
  you get more publicity if it 's not just one celeb at a time . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm gon na start a new character from scratch , is normal too easy for someone who has already played the game for ~ 100hrs ? 
  i was in act 3 inferno when i stopped playing ( and this was before the inferno nerf ) . 
   ca n't open them upside down, 
  to be fair i ca n't imagine opening a regular pizza upside down . 
   that must have been tedious as hell . 
  haha it was . 
  all about that allres though . 
  the interesting part about suomi is that the name is thousands of years old yet nobody knows the origin , not even finnish linguists . 
  there are a few theories but experts have n't been able to agree on one and they 're all pretty far fetched . 
  advocating precautions against common crimes is not victim blaming . 
  just because the `` attacker '' has no right , moral or legal , to break the law does n't mean you should n't defend yourself against such possibility . 
  it 's not a perfect world . 
  yeah because it 's not like people have been having succesful relationships for centuries without nude selfies . 
  but they look much better in the on picture . 
  you can barely see them on the right . 
  or was that the joke ? 
   they took precautions , the photos remained in presumably private places, 
  these pictures were taken with cell phones . 
  therefore we can pretty safely assume that at least some of them were also sent from that cell phone to another cell phone . 
  when you send a nude pic of yourself to someone else you have no clue whether that person has set his phone to auto-upload everything to the cloud , if his wifi connection secure , is his password `` password '' , does he use the same login for his e-mail etc. 
  not to mention the human factor of people breaking up , times changing etc. 
  and that you ca n't really trust anyone . 
  taking and sharing nude pics of yourself always comes with a risk . 
  if you 're a celebrity that risk grows tremendously since people are actually willing to pay for those pics . 
  1.5 knife was much cooler than 1.6 knife, 
  that was true in february or something . 
  i 'm already well past the prison ( and i also went inside ) . 
  what 's beer without some snacks or delicious food ? 
  i think the deciding factor here is whether you thought they shot the plane down in march and found the remains in july ( like i did first too ) or that commercial planes can fly for 3 months straight . 
  ugly color is not ugly if it 's covering a nice car ? 
  an airline fan ? 
  would n't it be smarter to have a d3 sub and a d2 sub instead of a d3 sub and a d3 sub with an occasional d2 post ? 
  aka . 
  close down / r/diablo and redirect the traffic to one of the others ( yeah right like anyone is going to give up their reddit mod powers ) . 
   r/funny to laugh, 
  hey guys !, 
  we actually someone who thinks r/funny is ... funny . 
  newsflash .
