  you know they 're called `` friends '' , right ? 
  not `` everyone i know including family '' . 
  but unless they also had their phones out while taking the tests they could n't have seen them ? 
  is n't it somebody 's job to make sure they do n't have phones out ? 
  well actually kinda . 
  you can use the res dashboard feature to circumvent the 50 ( or 100 ) limit . 
  they seriously should bump it up . 
  i managed to say at a 100 for a year but just could n't do it anymore because i had to keep myself from subscribing to so many interesting subreddits . 
  i feel like paying for gold should be enough to give us 200 subreddits or limitless subreddits . 
  having something important like / r/worldnews possibly not make the front page because i also want to subscribe to / r/animalsbeingjerks sucks . 
  way too complicated . 
  i already have a porn account , how am i supposed to keep track ? 
  even the account switcher in res has stopped working . 
  cmd + shift + backspace on mac fyi, 
  got porn on neither p or x ( for the first 6 results that are visible ) . 
  i did get porn however for q , w , e , r and y. 
  why did you assume it 's a man ? 
  well now i crave chevre good job, 
  me too . 
  especially after i got [ these ] ( http://www.kontrolfreek.com/ ) . 
  sucks for op but it 's simply his skill that 's the issue , not the controller . 
  not finish a fap ? 
  there are only two scenarious where i could imagine that , falling asleep or having someone walk in on you . 
  even then it 's a pussy decision . 
  that 'd be awesome . 
  especially if the big foot was like crazy difficult to kill . 
  casual pc pleb problems . 
  you must suck . 
  i just replayed sa like a year ago ( on pc ) and did n't have any problems with the rc missions . 
  i loved vc and played it so many times but the ability to swim single handedly makes sa a better game . 
  start a new game ? 
   why is `` he 's retarded '' somehow better than `` go die , you cheesed me '' . 
  well first of all because `` he 's retarded '' is a response to `` go die of cancer '' and not a comment made because of a game . 
  why is n't cheese an `` honorable strategy '' ? 
  i 'd rather enjoy the esports i love in it 's current scale than have widely known big money super succesful main stream esports that 's had to sell out . 
  a 1280x809 picture with shitty compression . 
  what is this doing on r/wallpapers ? 
  i do n't have any friends who would n't want a hit, 
  i love everything about that car ever since i saw the first development photos . 
  then i saw the central panel or whatever it 's called and it was the most retarded thing ever . 
  it 's not an insult as much as an observation or an answer . 
   took about 30 tries to complete it . 
  maybe , but it was n't the game 's fault . 
  it 's glossy ? 
  so they found the only way to make me like it even less , i did n't think that was possible . 
  and no , a touch screen on a car is not user friendly no matter how good the os design is . 
  well i 'm glad you suffer for me . 
  i 'm an asshole that does n't care about businesses so people like you make it possible for me to enjoy a quality internet without ads . 
  thanks !, 
   i do n't understand the entitlement . 
  it 's not entitlement . 
  not everybody feels they must `` justify '' their every action . 
  i like my internet more without ads so i use adblock on every site . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  i do n't think i 'm entitled to it , i do n't think i deserve it , i do n't think i can justify it . 
  but those words mean nothing to me . 
  i can do it so i do it . 
  yes , being politically correct to attract a bigger audience is selling out . 
  no actually i do n't think ( s ) he is . 
  i mean it 's a nice thought and everything but it 's hardly gon na make any difference . 
  implying weed is n't the # 1 cure for hangover, 
  another ? 
  i think it 's more telling about you that you read those messages as bragging . 
   it vibrates whenever your account has a transaction , so you know if it vibrates and you did n't just use your card , someone else is . 
  or you live in a country that has moved to the 21st century so all your bills are automatically deducted from your bank account . 
  there 's just so many comments to downvote in this retarded thread, 
  touch\u00e9, 
  maybe the guy just does n't like horses ? 
  i dislike horses more than i do police . 
  i realize all of that but i 'm still going to keep using `` white knighting '' in exactly that context . 
  `` stop telling me to stop being immoral '' or `` stop arguing for morality over being a dick '' . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  life 's unfair , deal with it . 
  why is this smug butt hurt crap considered `` best of '' ? 
  grades 3-6 i had a teacher who did n't believe in detention ( or yelling ) . 
  he also lived in the forest without electricity and rode a bike to school . 
  he was n't cool either . 
  \\  credit score, 
  it 's because they have n't lived in the usa, 
  most things associated with nostalgia are, 
  1.6 is the only cs . 
  the others are cs : s or cs : go . 
  just cs means 1.6 . 
  things look very different through the eyes of a tourist . 
  also everyone has fun on vacations . 
   the players would get paid more , there would be more opportunity , tournaments would be bigger , there would be a more widespread audience , and countless other benefits from simply having more money . 
  and the downside is what ? 
  what 's the upside ? 
  unless you 're one of those people who for some obscure reason care what the main stream is doing i do n't see what i would benefit from any of this . 
  i do n't believe it would make the quality of gaming any better and that 's the only thing that matters to me . 
   why is `` selling out '' such a big deal ? 
  assuming you mean `` accepting money for sponsors '', 
  i did n't mean that . 
  i have no problem with sponsors . 
  selling out ( in this context ) means trying to appear more `` professional '' or politically correct in hopes of attracting a wider audience . 
  i 'd rather watch the men dominated stupid childish joke struggling to stay alive - esports than big money main stream esports . 
  i like it the way it is . 
  while making the esports scene more pc would definitely profit someone who actually makes money off of esports for me as simply a consumer it would only have a negative effect in the product quality . 
  i was n't trying to say either . 
  i was trying to say the american ( and apparently some other countries ' too ) obsession with credit score is both ridiculous and humoring .
