  besides the mods even started a new subreddit for people who enjoy these comics . 
  all you need is one click to subscribe to it , how is that such a big deal ? 
  i think we define friend differently . 
  i 'd have no problem doing this with a friend . 
  why would n't he pay me back ? 
  then again none of my friends wear scumbag steve caps either . 
  adding tobacco makes it better in every way imho . 
  burns smoother and more even . 
  do n't need as much weed for a comfortable sized joint . 
  nicotine boosts the effect of thc . 
  easier for lungs ( i know this sounds unbelievable but i do n't even smoke tobacco and there 's a huge difference ) . 
  the taste is better when smoking pure weed though , must admit that . 
  it 's almost sad seeing someone shove the lighter in there trying to burn it as much as possible . 
  you just think about all the weed being wasted . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://nappa.kuvat.fi/femaleredditors.jpg ), 
  wtf is reddit companion ? 
  just use res , photobuckets works just fine, 
  it 's pretty impossible to give precise advice as this is something extremely individual . 
  the first time i smoked weed i got high as fuck but in a good way . 
  where as it took about 6-7 tries for my gf to be high at all yet not uncomfortably too high . 
  i think the most important thing is not to worry about it and go with the flow . 
  if you start thinking `` am i high '' or `` is this normal '' you 're likely to not enjoy it as much . 
  this was mainly her problem as well . 
  also remember to have a relaxing atmosphere , music etc. 
  with no stress of anyone coming home or having to do something etc. 
  i really do n't know why it is but everyone i 've talked with about it seems to feel the same . 
  well technically they all say something along the lines of `` smoking pure feels terrible in your lungs and makes you cough like hell '' as here the standard is to mix tobacco in . 
  anything with `` ultra-light '' or something similiar in it . 
  [ these ] ( http://captainsmoker.com/images/product_images/popup_images/marlboro_filter_plus_one.jpg ) were great but i do n't think they sell them anymore . 
  also do n't buy the cheapest , they always taste like shit and the price difference does n't really matter when you only use it with weed . 
   it fucks me up way more , but the high only last for as long as the nicotine is active , then i get sleepy and asocial . 
  i have n't actually noticed a difference in the long-lasting effects . 
  i guess i should try smoking just weed and see if it lasts longer . 
  also i am yet to smoke weed that does n't make me `` sleepy and asocial '' when coming down , 
   fun thing is you can smoke some more tobacco to get back to the high . 
  this is true . 
  i 'm not a smoker but sometimes like i like to smoke one cigarette when the high is wearing off . 
  you can definitely notice a `` boost '' that 's not just nicotine alone . 
  rage novels are crap though and f7u12 was n't created for comics like them . 
  it 's just like any other smaller subreddit , which seem to be doing just fine in my experience . 
  the best ones you can crosspost anyway and they 'll do fine if you care about karma . 
  i was never talking about just india . 
  it was just a prime example as it was reasonably high even on your list for a country of such size . 
  the effects of this are global . 
  lines drawn on a map do n't really matter . 
  i have no idea what 's going on, 
  i do n't know . 
  when i toke and come to r/trees i enjoy the witty and funny pictures or comics or charts etc. 
  much more than high rambling . 
  not to say there are n't any good self posts and i do n't like the `` this repost didnt get karma on r/pics so uptoke to see my gfs tits '' posts either , but you do have to remember who you are dealing with here . 
  most of us are in a state of mind where attention span is not very long . 
  and cats are funny . 
  the first time i saw her was on fastlane . 
  best show ever . 
  too bad it was so damn expensive to make . 
  i have dealt with a substancial amount in my life . 
  yet i still would have no problem giving a weed to a friend of mine if he told me he 'd pay back later . 
  i know it was for a 3rd party but see in a situation like this my friend is vouching for him . 
  i do n't know about your friends but if the `` unknown '' were to try to rip me my friends would replace it for me . 
  of course were not talking about kilos of weed , but probably less than a dozen grams . 
  i trust my friends with a lot more than $ 100 . 
  well shit happens . 
  but in the end $ 120 is not a huge amount of money and i think the slim possibility of something like this happening is worth it when you can have the trust of a friendship where you do n't care that he 'll give you the money a few hours or days later and neither will he if the tables are turned . 
  i live in the first world . 
  the mods made it possible to avoid this problem . 
  what 's your point ? 
  dude, 
  `` when '' not `` than '' . 
  golden virginia is the shit !, 
  as i said i 'm not a smoker but i 'll smoke a pack or a bag or whatever of golden virginia any day . 
  there 's absolutely no reason to use such a piece of crap when you can just plug in a 360 controller , 
  no one should . 
  this pic is as old as the internet and was posted to r/aww a few days ago . 
  i ca n't find the original submission but i posted it to another site and that 's why i remember . 
  7hrs old atm . 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/hktcu ) is my pic from 4 days ago, 
  i do n't care about it being a repost , but op did not rescue this dog . 
  well i ca n't believe it either as this is a repost . 
  well see that 's the point . 
  when dealing amongst people i call my friends it 's not just business . 
  if it was simply a business transaction of course i would demand the money . 
  and if you want to keep some faith in humanity i strongly suggest not searching youtube for him, 
  i 'm not so sure about this . 
  think about rappers , how many of them actually have criminal pasts . 
  many now popular artists have done far worse things from aggrevated assaults to trafficing of hard drugs and even possible homicides . 
  but chris brown is the spawn of the devil because the person he assaulted was a famous woman . 
  this is pretty much everyone on r/trees everywhere on their payday . 
  not where i 'm from . 
  we have a special word for standing in a circle like formation and kicking/juggling the ball around as they seem to be doing . 
  playing football requires goals and teams etc. 
  it 's actually not that bad but there 's one thing that killed it for me . 
  no quicksave . 
  hitting f6 or whatever every now and then is not a big deal , but pausing the game , navigating menus , selecting a save slot , waiting etc is god damn annoying . 
  then you stop doing it for a while , some creature kills you and yay you have to walk the same 10 miles all over because there are no checkpoints or constant autosave . 
  yeah i learnt that afterwards but i was so angry at losing ~ 45mins of exploration i 've never put the disc in again :d, 
  why does n't res view the image right in the page as it would for imgur , photobucket , min.us , quickmeme etc ? 
  it 's really a pain in the ass having to click the link and open every pic in a new tab . 
  ok good , because a lot of us redditors use res and for me it 's really more important than any other feature a image hosting site might have . 
  nope . 
  but i know you can get them in at least denmark , netherlands , portugal and the uk .
