  that stuff matters a lot more than small hardware differences . 
   if everything is n't set to the max , it 's not max settings . 
  what about resolution ? 
  is it only max settings if you play on the highest resolution supported ? 
  i do n't think so personally . 
  you can `` max out a game '' at 1080p . 
  i dont understand your point, 
   when you `` max '' a game with good performance , it has reached it 's peak graphical fidelity and better hardware can get nothing more out of it . 
  there 's no benefit to it and it 's not something you should want to do . 
  how is not getting the game to look as good as possible not `` benefitial '' ? 
  why would i not want to do that if it does n't hurt the performance ? 
  nice math skills genius, 
  oh so you 're more talking about the devs side of things than the user 's ? 
  there 's nothing `` master race '' about having to use incognito . 
  real `` master race '' is having your own computer and being able to embrace your hobbies . 
  hell no i 'm not using incognito when watching porn , what if i want to find that scene again two months from now ? 
   i 've got a a wife with a humongous vagina, 
  because that 's where i spend 12 hours a day ? 
  what else am i supposed to do with all this government sponsored free time ? 
  how come they display correctly for each image with res but not if you click the link ? 
  it was shit even at 2k tbh, 
  well at that point she already knew about him so what can you really do to stop it ? 
  do n't bring your problems to the internet if you ca n't take strangers speculating . 
   they do that as well as gifv now, 
  this is just wrong on so many levels, 
  you need to use unnecessary aggression . 
  instead of trying to explain just say `` imgur 's been hosting webms for a year now retard '' . 
  make him feel inferior and wrong . 
  that 'll get your message across . 
  people like you do n't deserve friends . 
  yeah but i 'm dead so it 's not my problem really, 
  but i like plastic and other petroleum products . 
  a lot more than i like wood . 
  though to give him some credit i did n't read any of the descriptions and was also wondering whether this was sweden or finland . 
  those type of houses are pretty common here . 
  did you really feel it necessary to tell people where denmark is ? 
  it 's almost like ikea sells stuff you 're supposed to put inside a house . 
   i 've never heard anyone having a problem with it . 
  while doing entire houses like this is a newer thing having heated floors in bathrooms etc. 
  has been practically standard for decades now and i like them too but i have heard stories of people having to rip apart entire rooms because something went wrong . 
  thank you for including the image , i did not otherwise understand what you typed . 
  well we ca n't stand how a lot of american houses look with their fuzzy carpeting , wallpapers and obnoxious wood everywhere so it goes both ways . 
  if someone wants to break into your house while you 're on vacation they do n't need lots of windows or big windows . 
  any regular window is big enough to fit a person through and once you 're inside you can just use the front door to carry stuff out . 
  that 's why you have insurance . 
  or live in a bunker without any windows i guess . 
  i do n't work in construction or anything so ca n't really tell you the details but i know my cousins and parent 's of a friend both had to redo their ground floor bathrooms/saunas because of floor heating related issues . 
  again i 'm not trying to discourage anyone against getting them because i love them , just saying they are n't foolproof or anything . 
  does 20gb really make a difference in 2015 ? 
  i do n't really understand why they would . 
  where i live data caps do n't exist so i 'm not that familiar with the standard procedures but this sounds like you had a limit on your service and used data over that limit as simple as that . 
  trying to compare it to something i can relate to it sounds like you fridge door open all month and then complain to the electric company that it was an accident . 
  you still used that electricity regardless of your intentions . 
  you still used that data with a program you had installed yourself . 
  yeah i know i was n't really disagreeing with you . 
  to be honest i immediately thought it was a / r/thathappened post when i say the wall of text as image before i even started reading . 
  did n't change my mind after reading . 
  but that 's an argument against data caps . 
  i 'm not defending data caps . 
  i 'm saying op signed a contract with data caps and this is exactly what the data caps are about . 
  consuming more bandwidth than agreed . 
  to be honest if i lived somewhere were data caps were a thing i would definitely install a software to measure my data usage . 
  such things are even included in a lot of internet security/network card driver softwares . 
  not physically though . 
  even the regular router `` website '' you change settings at etc. 
  often has that feature . 
  it 's a pretty remarkable country in european history and as far as reddit users go most come from europe or america ( which is like an extension of europe ), 
  a hockey game as the top answer of an askreddit post ? 
  i 'd upvote even if you did n't make a good point . 
  you thought it 's a fee for freedom ? 
  i think you might be genuinely retarded . 
  you do n't get any money for views unless you 're a partner . 
  because a big part of reffing is making calls where you did n't have perfect vision of what happened . 
  they 're on ice level and moving quickly with players tangled up with each other . 
  `` only make the call if you 're 100 % sure '' sounds nice in theory for someone who 's never tried reffing but it 's just not a realistic expectation . 
  but from where he was standing he might 've thought he was sure . 
  seeing wrong is not the same as being unsure what happened . 
  people who require an '' / s '' to understand sarcasm deserve a special place in hell . 
  well the way his head snapped back the ref might 've thought he was sure . 
  making an error and seeing something incorrectly does n't always mean you 're guessing . 
  so your point is that refs making mistakes is not okay ? 
  thanks for the insight . 
  it 's a pretty fucking stupid thing to say . 
  by definition nobody makes mistakes on purpose . 
  it 's the same as saying `` crime should be illegal '' . 
  it 's a moot point . 
  why not ? 
  it 's a theatre full of people watching a movie , how does it make a difference if her mom 's there ? 
  i 'm not trying to start an argument . 
  i 'm calling you out on saying something stupid . 
  so the guy saying mistakes are inherently human is the asshole ? 
  yeah i 'm interested but do n't know anyone who 'd own this game . 
  all my friends that could play something like this are still sour for what they did to the franchise with vegas and now this . 
  well he did kick and shove the officer before being shot . 
  how does it feel living in a country comparable to russia :\\ ^ ), 
  itt mad wagecucks, 
  well valve does already host a `` casual mode '' on their matchmaking servers , it 's just shit . 
  some people want a casual mode that is just like the `` real '' game but without ranks , like in dota . 
  not true . 
  as someone who used to play a lot of csgo and now plays exclusively dota ( over 1000 hours in both ) it was always very clear which was valve 's favourite .
