  it just screams 90s lan parties to me . 
  source ? 
  so you 're saying that having to separately press 1 button turn on your wireless controller is a bigger deal than having to dive up mod support , 60fps , cheaper games , 20 years of backlog and a higher resolution ? 
  i guess you 're not a fan of local multiplayer on ps4 either . 
  what with requiring you to turn on ** two ** controllers . 
  or god forbid four if you 're playing 2v2 . 
  well that 's the beauty of capitalism . 
  if someone does it for less money and benefits why would the employer not hire them ? 
  if you want job security or rights move to communist europe . 
  ca n't help you with the source but her name is gina devine, 
  yea i stream altis life and usually get about 30-40 fps ( though i think the server is the bottleneck ) but if i look at my stream preview it looks like smooth 60fps . 
  it 's feels quite strange to be honest having better fps on my second monitor obs than in the actual game . 
  yeah i think that 's like a backhanded compliment . 
  it 's the worst i 've made and it 's still pretty good so i 'm a good director . 
  maybe in america , i 've never even heard of such a thing . 
  sounds ridiculous to be honest . 
  did n't he go to jail ? 
  reddit collected a bunch of money for him and the internet fame went into his head and he abused his `` power '' or something ? 
  i know he was at least arrested for assault or something like that . 
  e. http://www.reddit.com/r/museumofreddit/comments/1wj55x/the_rise_and_fall_of_kickass_mall_cop_darien_long/, 
   oh , well then , that 's perfectly acceptable behavior . 
  i did n't realize strangers on the internet were telling him to do it . 
  he 's totes justified . 
  he 's an entertainer . 
  those strangers on the internet just paid his bills with their subs . 
  of course he 's going to try to please them . 
  i 'm no expert but half sounds like a lot, 
  well yes and no . 
  it did load perfectly fine but seeing as how the content is identical it 's pretty pointless to use gfycat and then post the gif version . 
  you learn to deal with it pretty quick . 
  if random stranges calling you a noob in a video game ( when you are in fact a noob ) gets to you then you ca n't really blame anyone but youself . 
  if you really need a comeback just admit that you are in fact a total noob and that you got matched up with them so the game considers them just as bad . 
  usually works . 
  or find friends so you wo n't have to solo queue . 
  in reality it 's not worse than most mainstream games . 
  the biggest reason it has a bad reputation is that a player can seriously hurt their own team . 
  in many games a player being terrible is not worse than missing one player . 
  in dota a player plaing badly can undo all the work the rest of the team is doing . 
  this leads to angry comments . 
  go solo queue in cs : go . 
  you get exactly the same amount of verbal abuse . 
  or go read the dota 2 subreddit . 
  people are perfectly reasonable . 
  the people or the community is n't any worse . 
  it 's just the game mechanics of punishing everyone for one person 's mistakes and locking players up with a small group of strangers for extended periods of time that bring the frustration out in perfectly normal gamers . 
  if battlefield or fifa or team fortress or any other `` average '' game was played 5v5 with matches lasting an hour it 'd be just the same . 
   if he 's played other pvp games he should know what cheese is, 
  i 've never heard the term cheese used in games that are n't starcraft 2 or brood war . 
   gets excited about gets, 
  i think the wording of his wikipedia page is kinda strange . 
   francis stanley `` frank '' kaminsky iii ( born april 4 , 1993 ) is an american of polish descent and senior power forward basketball player for the wisconsin badgers . 
  oh was he born in poland but an american citizen ? 
   born, 
  lisle , illinois, 
  oh so his parents are immigrants ? 
   kaminsky 's father , frank , played basketball at lewis university . 
  his mother , mary , played volleyball at northwestern . 
  seems really odd to mention poland in the first sentence when he 's not even a 2nd generation immigrant . 
  most people i know did n't play source for more than a couple hours . 
  and i have about 80 people on my steam friends list who play csgo . 
  yeah more unnecessary rules . 
  that makes every community better . 
  imagine all towers being like the tall one , but the default height would just cut away the lower part . 
  `` wrestling '', 
  i did that too , it did n't change anything . 
  you mean the one where the opponent tries to pull your shirt off then suddenly collapses ? 
  if that 's a foul i do n't want to play clean, 
  yeah to be honest i 'm not at all surprised he 'd know how to handle a firearm and denzel would n't . 
  yeah that 's all fine for me , whatever you find entertaining . 
  just do n't name if after a real sport . 
  yeah this is the most bizarre part for me . 
  i never realize how many people actually read usernames on this site . 
  for all i know there could be like 10 different users on the site , i just read the comments . 
  those crazy eyes during muuch, 
  oh no , not a butthole !, 
  looks like this scene http://xxx.freeimage.us/share.php?id=a82e_50d67c9c, 
  big tits at work 13 \u2022 scene 4 . 
  madison ivy , keiran lee, 
  it 's on empornium . 
   i think some adult stores in america have booths that show porn that customers basically jack off in, 
  i 'm just curious why the store would want this, 
   but digital distribution is better/cheaper for them too so it still makes no sense that they seem to be pushing people away from digital, 
  it is cheaper for them but that 's not the only thing affecting prices . 
  they 're counting on the fact that instant delivery is a big enough factor that you 'll pay a few extra bucks instead of ordering the physical copy online and waiting up to a week for it to arrive . 
  the price is not set by the cost of manufacturing the copy but by the convenience selling point . 
  also not having to swap discs . 
  even though physical copies have a nostalgia factor i honestly prefer a digital copy these days and i admit i 'm willing to pay even more for it . 
  whenever i browse this sub i feel like i 'm the only person who hated disasters in simcity ( i did n't play the new one but 3000 and 2000 ) . 
  i also never killed my sims in the sims . 
  am i broken ? 
  i think it can be easily misunderstood as ireland 's amendment to the constitution provoked all the other eu countries to change their policies too . 
  that 's how i read it . 
  interesting maybe but not really surprising seeing as how almost everyone in the `` new world '' are descendants of immigrants in the last 500 years . 
  the biggest uniting factor was that they were born on the same land , not their past or their culture . 
  this was the first nhl game i owned . 
  i played it for years , i think the next one i had was 2004 or something . 
  messi 's goals are honestly pretty bland . 
  do n't get me wrong the guy 's absolutely a genius but his goals are basically extremely good footwork , fast speed and not giving up on the play . 
  he lacks the showmanship of ibra for example . 
  i also enjoy drugs,
