  took you 20 hours to complete a game ? 
  here 's how to do it in 20 minutes . 
  also as a change of pace they occasionally like to showcase some of the most absurd games usually only released in japan most people have never heard of . 
  e. oh and they do it for charity , the last agdq marathon raised over a million dollars for cancer research , this time it 's for doctors without borders, 
  there 's still a thing called `` video game culture '' ? 
  that sounds pretty 80s to me . 
  get what ? 
  because people donate money ? 
  do you understand how charity works ? 
  last agdq raised over a million dollars . 
   people watch other people play video games ? 
  youtube paid over a billion dollars for twitch.tv , a site dedicated to people watching other people play videogames . 
  usually they are but this was done during the night ( it 's a 24/7 stream ) and the runner did n't have anyone in particular he wanted and told the `` audience '' the quickest 3 could sit on the couch . 
  because it 's entertaining ? 
  why would you watch something ? 
  is it not because you find it entertaining ? 
  people who watch streams are used to this model of monetization . 
  instead of making the viewer watch ads like on tv or requiring a payment to view the content like on pay-per-view the actual broadcast is free and without commercial breaks . 
  the content provider trusts its audience to understand that without at least a portion of the viewers donating money there will be no future broadcasts . 
  and it works great , there is no initial investment and the lack of commercial breaks improves the quality of the content for everyone . 
  in the end many people donate much larger sums than they 'd be willing to pay to view it because they already feel gratitude for receiving this entertainment `` for free '' . 
  if you 're poor you can donate just a few dollars or even a dollar , if you 're rich and feel like supporting the stream/cause you can donate more . 
  it 's not rare at all to see a $ 100 + donation from one guy . 
  that 's the advantage of not having a set price . 
  this particular stream is an exception in many ways since it 's a non-profit charity , but regular streamers who get a steady 100 + viewers usually get enough money to pay for internet/new pc parts . 
  bigger personal streams who get around a thousand viewers or more can do it for a full-time job . 
  the biggest of streams are rolling in internet money . 
  well if anything the price is going up . 
  it 's already bigger than hulu or hbo go , both of which are backed by enourmous companies where as twitch has achieved it 's viewer numbers with basically zero advertising . 
  that means there 's huge potential in the field and with their exclusive deals with both microsoft and sony they 've guaranteed themselves a monopoly for future . 
  but you 're right , i thought they had finalized the deal but apparently there was a problem with the monopoly part of things . 
  i 'm sure they 'll hire enough lawyers to get it sorted out though . 
   two beers for a dollar sounds like a riot waiting to happen . 
  two beers for a dollar sounds like every day in tallinn . 
  which to be fair is not that far from a riot . 
  can you build a city called `` rome '' though ? 
  it 's the first city of caesar and i doubt any other nation has a city called rome . 
  but your answer was shitty . 
  my question was `` how can you make a big deal out of this '' and your answer was basically `` because they made a big deal out of this '' . 
  yeah and if he was n't a socially oblivious idiot he would 've realized they were `` clashing '' a long long time before he had to tell him to shut up . 
  i think whoever got their feelings hurt by that exchange is the one who 's emotionally retarded . 
  i 'm just amazed how fucking huge real mark 's arms are, 
  well more like 90 %, 
  all the `` accidents '' etc. 
  are scripted , but when they do a race/go attend a race it 's a real race . 
  a lot of the time when they go abroad they only have certain parts of the episode planned and come up with content on the fly . 
  the guys finding an abandoning airstrip to race at = scripted . 
  hammond 's truck getting stuck on the low hanging electric cables = not scripted . 
  may 's car-train catching fire = scripted . 
  interaction with locals like trying to sell them cd 's or driving over cars on the parking lot with the marauder and filming the onlookers ' reactions = not scripted . 
  the rule of thumb is on / r/pics the post should be about the picture . 
  these kind of posts are about the title , and the picture is just some picture that 's related . 
  her name is jessica kingham and this picture gets posted about once a week . 
  more : www.egotastic.com/2013/10/jessica-kingham-topless-and-unbound-for-loaded/, 
  why so butthurt ? 
  i rooted for mexico but did n't really care either way , that penalty was 100 % the right call . 
  the mexican defender stepped on his toes , stupid play from him . 
  there was no `` nudging '' . 
  mexico 's # 4 stepped on robben 's foot . 
  yea , so ? 
  the foul does n't count if the fouled player exaggerates ? 
  there 's a difference between diving and exaggerating impact . 
  the rules for stadiums have gotten a lot stircter in the 21st century and late 90s after some nasty stampeding incidents . 
  many of the stadiums used today ( not this wc specifically but football stadiums around the world ) used to have a bigger capacity than they do now . 
  the idea being stupid does n't mean it was n't ever taught or that it is n't what 's happening in the pic . 
  that 's not how any of it works, 
  thc is n't absorbed through the skin, 
  this is not iranian football league, 
  enjoy your boobless and curseless tv . 
  here in europe half of athletes curse during interviews and nobody bats an eye . 
  also our tax euros pay for game of thrones on national television . 
  i wish we 'd just give up trying with football and focus our efforts on the best sport in the world . 
  starcraft is actually most popular in europe now . 
  even the korean tournaments get most of their viewers from eu and us . 
  the image search is censored these days though . 
  try searching any porn actresses name with safesearch turned `` off '' ( as off as you can ) and you 're highly unlikely to see nude photos . 
  only bikini shots etc. 
  you can still find them if you search for '' ______ nude '' but in the olden times safesearch off meant safesearch off . 
  i do n't really care but just something i noticed about a year or two ago . 
  i 'd rather watch it home alone . 
  no one bothering your 100 % focus and beer is basically free . 
  americans always say `` tipping culture '' leads to better service but the only difference i notice in american restaurants is the fucking waitress keeps needlessly reminding of her existence to make sure we do n't forget to tip . 
  that and it 's completely immoral and uncivilized to pay someone less than minimum wage `` because tips '' . 
  tips should be extra for exceptionally good service , not the norm . 
  to be fair i 'd much rather tell someone `` 9xygd5 . jpg '' than `` impressionable agile wirehaired german pointer '' . 
  also it makes the urls less tempting to click if you 're not aware of the system . 
  rarely do i find out enough about a product that i want it without having learned the price in the process . 
  on reddit i rarely check the url but that 's because it 's usually hidden by [ a link description ] ( http://google.fi ) . 
  on other sites , instant messaging , social media , irc , phones etc. 
  it 's usually just a plain link . 
  if i see a `` xt434t.jpg '' in a group chat i have no clue what it is and i 'll open it . 
  if i see gfycat.com/amazingbrowndog i 'll assume it 's some cute animal picture or some other shit i 'm not really interested in . 
  the random mess of characters is the most appealing link because it gives no hints . 
  i 've been in situations myself where i 've linked a relevant pic from gfycat ( i do n't mean `` relevant '' reaction gif but something that was actually requested ) and the person did n't open it because he assumed it was something else completely unrelated and not what he asked for . 
  naming the file with words gives you an expectation of the content of the link , even though they are actually random so those expectations are inaccurate . 
  that money would 've probably fixed the principal 's home 's plumbing system . 
  or bought him a new tv for the world cup . 
  school supplies might be less versatile but the real problem with them is you ca n't misuse them . 
  500 years of history where books were the only option . 
  that 's pretty shitty logic your basing your argument on .
