  it 's for servers that games and voice chats run on and updates are downloaded from . 
  i for one do n't mind paying for live . 
  it 's 3 $ a month and the online services are so much better than on ps3, 
  because he 's an arrogant douche and a total dick ? 
  i too enjoy his videos though . 
  yeah but the downside to that is that in older games if there 's no 3rd party dedicated servers or other fanbase-centric additions there will be no online play . 
  you can pop in an xbox game no matter how old and if you can find someone to play with the online services will function . 
  exactly . 
  by `` helping to apprehend '' op meant shooting in the face with a sniper rifle . 
  how was that supposed to be difficult ? 
  i just replayed gta : sa like a year ago and cleared all the rc plane missions on first try . 
  every time gta : sa is brought up on reddit the comment sections are full of whine about how difficult they were . 
  i heard there was a bug on the original version of ps2 that made you lose gas faster but that ca n't account for all of it , can it ? 
  i played it on pc and it was n't difficult at all . 
  i ca n't understand all the whine . 
  now the rc helicopter missions in vice city ... 
  well if you want a particular example [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dgbfr.jpg ) should suffice ( not fake , you can still find the tweets ) but it 's far from an isolated incident . 
  how is this `` pc '' ? 
  you could upload videos to youtube from xbox . 
  world championships only take place once a year . 
  [ this one ? 
  ] ( http://www.antikvaari.fi/imagesproduct/1143_sauna_made_in_finland1038.jpg ), 
  that 's actually written by my best friend 's dad , there 's a picture of him naked in there somewhere . 
  nobody except the casters play starcraft `` on max '' . 
  hey everybody !, 
  i finally found the guy that cares about xp . 
  yeah the current generation . 
  things used to be so much better before the * current generation * . 
  i do n't know which is sadder . 
  cheating in a video game or taking pride in 1st place in cod . 
  well what about those `` this powerplay is brought to you by ... '' that change with each powerplay ? 
  they could n't have known how many powerplays there was going to be in a game yet they still sold advertisements for them . 
  besides i 'm pretty sure they could work out an arrangement with the advertisers if they wanted to . 
  so you mean the after i already downloaded the hd rip from the internet ? 
  cool i guess . 
  yeah if you 're into fantasy bold and the beautiful . 
  yeah but if the nhl/the networks wanted to i 'm sure advertisers would love to have some sort of conditional `` pay if aired '' deal about ot commercials . 
  \\  takes into consideration whether or not something is breaking `` the rules ! '', 
  so the advertisements sold for the show that they are overlapping with were sold but not shown ... see where i 'm going ? 
  i think it 's kinda funny how even the female pros are actually male . 
  reflects the nature of esports . 
  that explanation relies too much on logic . 
  you ca n't forget this is a game by blizzard . 
  starcraft is not a sport . 
  i love it , i play a lot and watch it daily . 
  but it 's not a sport . 
  to me this whole `` let 's call starcraft a sport '' feels like trying to rationalize it in terms of what used to be acceptable/understood in a society . 
  there 's nothing wrong with watching competetive gaming , stop trying to justify it by calling it a sport . 
  that being said i like the idea of live score updates etc. 
  on google . 
  3-10 % is probably for the entire web and it still might be a high estimate . 
  users on tl are noticably more tech savvy than an average person on the interwebs . 
  and if it needs to be in game there should be a huge warning that pop up when it 's changed . 
  personally i think it should be removed alltogether . 
   i remember thinking that the drones looked slow at the start, 
   it was changed at about 1:05 -1:25 as pointed out by user keeemy in the tl thread . 
  yes . 
  so obviously there is already some sort of deal with the network and advertisers about ads that possibly wo n't be aired and thus refunded ( or something ) . 
  if such a deal already exists , why do you think it 's so impossible they made a similiar deal to have ads in ot ? 
  sell the ads for both ot and the show following the match , actually bill the one that gets aired . 
  does n't seem too complicated in the age of computers . 
  except experience points are worthless halfway through the game because you 're already max level, 
  yes they are . 
  they just are n't visible outside your minimap range . 
  buing the maps shows them anywhere , but you will always see if they 're within what the minimap covers . 
  beat as in rushed through the story missions ? 
  i considered the outposts to be the most fun part of the game . 
  i was almost maxed when i got to the second island . 
  wearing a cheap black suit equals big goals in life ? 
  to me comments being funny is more important than politically correct . 
  his songs are actually quite good if you disregard the thrift shop top40 pop garbage . 
  i did n't listen to his albums because of that first impression , but i suggest everyone to give them a try . 
  regardless when i first saw that [ gif of him ] ( http://gifwall.net/gif/gw-tumblrmiprar2ndn1qaf2xxo1500.gif ) i too thought it was from harry potter or got or something . 
  [ mfw the resolution on most of these is too low for my phone ] ( http://gifwall.net/gif/gw-rsi9t.gif ), 
  how would you pronounce it then ? 
  or do you mean they put too much weight on the mar part ? 
  it gets old pretty fast . 
  new vidya is released weekly . 
  yeah but they suck . 
  and you have to half-ass so you do n't completely embarass them and then they get mad at you for not trying . 
  when you 're already drunk going out does n't sound as bad as if you 're home completely sober ( or high but not drunk ) and enjoying some vidya ? 
  still sounds pretty okay to be honest . . 
  and we all thank you for that, 
  counter-strike 1.6, 
  fighting games are weird because those are the only games i 've seen ( casual ) women beat ( casual ) men at . 
  mostly with the strategy of mashing one button . 
  i 'm not an idiot so i realize on a higher level of play mashing buttons is n't a valid strategy but amongst noobs it seems so much more effective than trying to think what you 're doing . 
   like idra/staphano ? 
  so you just could n't find any examples that are actually relevant anymore ? 
  luckily i live in a country with free healthcare . 
  i leech on the government ( = taxpayers ) all the time and if i got cancer i 'd get the same treatment as everyone else . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with `` freeloading '' . 
  the problem is in the government programs , not the people who exercise their rights to those programs . 
  if you 're gon na offer me free money , i wo n't feel a bit bad about accepting it . 
  slow at multitasking ? 
  there is no multitasking . 
  i do n't care if you write a wall of text about the fine details of how the operating system works if i ca n't listen to youtube while browsing the internet or playing a game there is no multitasking . 
  great game , great trailer . 
  it was really surprising how close to actual gameplay that was . 
  yea it would be so much better if that league had gone bankrupt and they would n't have rinks to play in , but at least the jerseys would look cooler !,
