  not get all the attachments as i wanted to save up for the next unlock . 
  money felt valuable . 
  now 60 levels later i unlock a grenade launcher and what does it cost ? 
  15k or something along those lines . 
  carbine rifle for a little over 10k . 
  that 's nothing to me . 
  i make more in a single mission . 
  there 's no incentive not to buy everything you see . 
  i was really hoping the gun prices would keep going up as my income did . 
  it 's ridiculous the shitty starter pistol cost over half of what the m4 does . 
  in finland attempting to buy alcohol is not illegal . 
  that 's one of the big differences to the u.s for example . 
  i remember trying to get liquor was so stressful in a small michigan town because 1 . everyone knew you ( small towns anywhere ) 2 . the only liquor store/gas station actually had a remote activated lock door which they would activate in case they suspected you of being a minor , and the police would come pick you up . 
  in finland you can try try all you want until you get it . 
  using a fake id is illegal of course , but it you 're resilient enough maybe the 15th cashier wo n't ask for your id . 
  it actually worked pretty well . 
  buying is n't illegal , but selling to a minor is , as is buying for them . 
  posession of alcohol as a minor is not legal , yet there is no penalty for it . 
  you could say it 's decriminalized . 
  in practice it means they might force you to pour your drinks to the ground . 
  where i lived though the cops preferred to have us drinking in one public place instead of the forest/homes so we actually got drunk in front of the police since the age of 13 . 
  usually 50-200 kids in a crappy `` amphitheatre '' while cops circled around the whole structure picking out anyone who was causing trouble . 
  i 've never had to pour a drink away . 
  thinking back i do n't really know how . 
  i 've heard they have made it more stricter in some places though and honestly i do n't think that 's a great idea . 
  it might rid the city centre of drunk teenagers but they 'll only cause more trouble if they 're constantly running and hiding . 
  you 're the only one throwing `` good person '' around . 
  newsflash , there are no `` good '' or `` bad '' people . 
  only shades of gray . 
  and no one supporting the comment is saying that acknowledging these thoughts means accepting them . 
  only people like you seem to think that . 
   you have said nothing that refutes any of my points in any way, 
  seeing as how you 're doing nothing but overly sensitive panicking over the issue i 'd say my approach of trying to get you to think about the real message of that post before going on a rant about it feels pretty reasonable . 
  that sounded somewhat reasonable ( reasonable as in `` i can see that happening in the us '' ) but then you said campus . 
  are you talking about college ? 
  that sounds like a pretty huge contradiction of the spirit of `` academic freedom '' . 
  shit we had a `` hazing '' day the first year of high school and though it of course was n't accepted by the school approximately half the students were drunk that day . 
  in school . 
  because it 's a tradition . 
  the ones who were too drunk and literally passed out were given `` warnings '' but school continued business as usual the next day even for them . 
  not to mention the other 300 or so students who were drunk but not too drunk to function . 
  the first day in college we had the same thing , except without the hazing , with much more drinking and the whole thing being school sponsored . 
  i did n't even have to pay for my booze . 
  now that i think of it the first time i went out drinking in my life was the first friday of middle school . 
  i 'm starting to feel like our school traditions are getting kinda stale . 
  well then you can pass the blame on to your friend . 
  i do n't think we 're hard wired to think in any way . 
  now social constructs are a whole different thing and vary from culture to culture way too much to make any generalizations . 
  for example it 's very common and though maybe not in official contexts it 's often socially accepted to consider chinese as subhuman . 
  it 's really not even seen as racism . 
  the japanese are superior people in their minds . 
  i do n't get why all the people commenting against this post are throwing around words like `` good people '' , `` justification '' , `` actually believing '' or `` accepting '' . 
  i see the comment as closer to an amateur sociological theory . 
  there 's nothing worse in any field of science than saying `` your theory is unacceptable because we do n't want it to be right '' . 
  trying to suppress this man 's thoughts and reflections of the human mind only makes `` equality advocates '' such as yourself look bad . 
  if you know you 're right , you should n't panic whenever someone questions your views . 
  especially when it is n't to say you 're incorrect , simply that there are people who disagree . 
  in this case even subconsciously . 
  yeah but that way you ca n't upgrade it/keep the upgrades . 
  you probably have more female ancestors that were raped than who were inseminated via consensual sex . 
  without the rape you would n't exist . 
  think about that . 
  depends on what you do . 
  you can make a shit ton of money racing if you 're good ad it and have a decent car . 
  yeah but it wo n't scan the bud for me . 
  that 's what i want from the toke ` dex . 
  i can already do the googling myself if i know the strain . 
  is n't this the top submission on this sub ? 
  ok it was # 3 http://www.reddit.com/r/onoff/top/?sort=top&amp;t=all&amp;show=all, 
  a. i think you 're the one being racist for assuming only people of a certain race live in the ghetto, 
  that was n't in the comment i replied to . 
  i have no interest to browse through everyone 's comment history before replying to any comment so i 'll be discussing that comment alone . 
  i do n't care who said it . 
  i do n't know the guy . 
  i 'm just defending the content of a single comment and his right to say it out loud . 
   if you have a driver 's license , it can be revoked if you refuse to submit to a breathalyzer test where the police officer has reasonable suspicion that you may be drunk , even if you were n't driving . 
  wow that 's just crazy . 
   yes , some colleges have very strict rules against drinking alcohol . 
   this includes drinking off campus when you live off campus . 
  am i correct in assuming this only applies to people under the age limit ? 
  i 'm not arguing about the character of the messenger . 
  i 'm arguing about the message . 
  all your `` research '' is into the messenger . 
  i hate quoting these things but http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ad_hominem, 
   you 're the one who said that discrediting someone 's opinions on the ground that they 're racist is worse than fucking racism and that 's all i 've been talking about . 
  except that 's not what i said . 
  i never said the guy was racist . 
  being racist and being accused of racism by someone else are two very different things . 
  also i never said `` worse '' . 
  i said more ignorant . 
  unlike high school girls would want you to believe the two words are n't interchangeable . 
  sometimes ignorance is truly a bliss . 
  due to the shitty way reddit handles message threads and the amount of pissed off messages i 've gotten today i ca n't keep track of who is who . 
  because i 'm willing to include learnt but unconscious behaviour under that term as well . 
  and to be honest i 'm not a brain surgeon , i ca n't prove him wrong either . 
  it might be instinctual . 
  in the cave man days it was probably beneficial to stay close to creatures who looked like you . 
  but . . wha . . how . . what ? 
  why ? 
  and how is that not extremely illegal ?
