  this guy is spectating games played by other people , he just picked this game over ti . 
  right now one of the highest posts on this sub is to get bulldong to memecast ti5 and the top voted comment is to do it with cyxlops . 
  what do you think this community is mostly made of regardless of the website ? 
  i would n't analyze the wording of a google translated statement too much, 
  how about watch some games and pick a team that plays in a way that 's entertaining to you ? 
  ca n't go wrong with original six though . 
  you mean / r/candidfashionpolice ? 
  it 's not baffling or weird to drop a fucking kid to grab a bouquet that 's not even near you ? 
  i 'd understand your attitude if he dropped the kid because something potentially dangerous was coming at her fast , surprised her and triggered a reflex but this is none of those three . 
  it ca n't be a coincidence the kind of people who do n't consider this `` wtf worthy '' are also the kind of people who consider dropping children on their head as normal . 
  should n't that just make it more difficult to forget you 're holding it ? 
  kid and stupid are n't mutually exclusive . 
  absolutely terrible, 
  yeah i do n't want to hate on op for trying but fundamental stuff like turn rates and denying etc. 
  are much more important imo than something like each individual rune . 
  league does n't have double elimination ? 
  i only follow sc2 , csgo and dota and all use extremely similiar if not identical double elimination brackets, 
  but it completely changes how the game is played even for a spectator 's perspective . 
  kiting is not an effective strategy without some sort of disables . 
  it changes the whole dynamic of committing to a fight etc. 
  / r/hockey has game threads for each nhl game and there 's always a list of streams, 
   lcs format is a double round robin league with every match being a best of 1 , so you do n't see series until the playoffs of each split ( this happens twice per year, 
  that sounds awful . 
  bo1 's should n't be used in any context, 
   valve tags, 
  such as support sven , carry bh , support wr and carry mirana, 
  i 'm willing to bet there are a lot more people having 2 tabs open ( even if one muted ) than there are public dota showings . 
  xi has vanguard right now, 
  fuck the spoilers . 
  if i wanted to just know the score i 'd look it up on liquipedia or reddit . 
  at least give me the option to watch vods . 
  it 's summer . 
  you ca n't expect everyone to be at their gaming desktop pcs . 
  but the spoilers are in the middle of games even if you 're watching a vod . 
  i 've never had the need to know the score of another match in the middle of a game . 
  however i often like to watch vods of other streams ' games during breaks in the stream i was previously watching . 
  this is purely a negative addition . 
  if i absolutely need to know instanly i can still have multiple tabs open or liquipedia or reddit etc. 
  do n't force it on everyone . 
  talking about it at analyst panel is fine but not mid-game without a warning . 
  why would n't you watch vods ? 
  it 's the same thing except you get to fast forward breaks . 
  even if youre the type of memelord who actually has twitch chat open you can get that too with twitch vods, 
  the international 2015 has 3 games playing at once . 
  between secret v fnatic g1 and secret v fnatic g2 there was an hour long break . 
  would you rather spend that hour watching a logo , switch to another game that 's halfway through or watch a vod of a game from the other stream starting at the beginning ? 
  seems like an easy choice to me . 
  but why the fuck do you feel the need to know the score of another match in the middle of the game you 're watching ? 
  why is it not enough to hear about it in between games at the analysis desk ? 
  that 's the perfect solution for everyone . 
  running 3 games at once and then forcing spoilers on everyone without even a half a second warning is completely retarded . 
  at large events like the world cup they always warn you before showing scores of another match . 
  normal league league play does n't because nobody watches all 120 games of all 30 nhl teams . 
  an event like ti5 is much closer to the world cup than your average thursday with 12 concurrent matches . 
  in the fifa world cup they specifically warn you beforehand before updating you on the score of another match because they realize some people might be interested to watch both the games . 
  having just 2 seconds of warning before the score jumps on screen would be plenty enough . 
  now it 's an instant spoiler and a spit to the face of those who would like to watch two games regardless that they 're scheduled at the same time . 
   where you ca n't possibly watch all of the games anyway . 
  why could n't you ? 
  it 's like an 8 hour broadcast and half of that time is just setting up between games that you can skip when you watch vods . 
  twitch starts uploading vods immidiately after the start of broadcast so you can easily jump between the three streams and constantly have a game going on . 
  except this time valve decided to punish this by forcing spoilers on you . 
  since when did synderen 's twitter become valve 's stream ? 
  you ca n't out meme the meme meme, 
  real talk , chocolate ice cream tastes pretty gud, 
  qop is a million times more fun to watch than tusk, 
  but skill cap is just a reddit circlejerk so could n't we have an automated feature so everyone can time it right :\\ ^ ), 
  i watched every minute of every game of the 2014 world cup with the exception of two group stage matches i fell asleep during . 
  i 'm pretty sure i know how they 're broadcast . 
  also the fifa world cup does n't have simultaneous matches other than the last games of each group stage to prevent manipulating the seeding system . 
  those games are always re-broadcast right after another and the casters intentionally avoid telling you what 's happening in the other game . 
  fifa world cup does n't have simultaneous matches other than for one specific round of games ( the last game of each group to avoid manipulting the seeding ) . 
  you 're right they do n't warn you when telling about games that happened earlier during the day but during that deciding round 3 of the group stage they definitely do , since the games are broadcast on separate channels , and then rebroadcast the other way around to allow everyone to watch both . 
  at least in my country , i 'm sorry if you 're used to lower standards . 
  i 'm sorry for you if your local station provides an inferior service . 
  i watched every game of the 2014 world cup and can definitely say they do . 
  i 'm obviously not defending them in the slightest but if you want your video to be taken seriously , do n't start it with the words `` mindless cunts '' no matter how correct that is . 
  i do n't know if it 's a coincidence but i also came to say `` i have no interest in getting a new one unless mine breaks '' and i also have the majestouch 2 . 
  i enjoy this sub for the cool modifications some people do , but i have zero interest in such activities myself and have n't felt the slightest attraction towards an alternative since getting this years ago . 
  not saying others are worse , just that i have no needs to fill . 
  if you 're decision making skills are that awful you have no business behind the wheel . 
   at least as intelligent as the average person, 
  someone got their bullshit facebook update posted on / r/thathappened, 
  has been for years . 
  just ca n't bring myself to unsubscribe . 
  better to play a game and enjoy it , than suffer a 300 ping match for `` mission points '' . 
   it 's a valid way to play, 
  i feel bad for you for that monitor, 
  i played the whole game blind but using the plunging attack to deal with bosses was like the only thing i learnt from the tutorial . 
  how to solo queue :, 
  open console, 
  go do something else because nobody in their right mind soloqueues, 
   virtually every other sport that has simultaneous games shows scores for games as they are in progress or finish, 
  yeah but this is mostly the case during something like league play where watching every game is a physical impossibility . 
  i think ti is much closer to the world cup in that it 's a rare event and many people would like the opportunity to watch multiple games despite them being played simultaneously . 
  when people talk about vods it 's not just about watching ti5 group matches for the next month instead of some tier 2 online leagues but watching games played half an hour ago . 
  twitch uploads vods on the fly while the broadcast is still happening and watching one game from stream a and then switching to the vod of a game just played on stream b is no different than watching both live . 
  tbh i was mostly thinking of use outside of cs . 
  i do n't think stream b and c have dedicated observers . 
  i watched a lot of the games and the synchronization between speech and observing seemed to be that of a caster controlling the camera .
