  i do n't like nuclear weapons , but damn ghandi is so close to cultural victory . 
  that 's correct . 
  i did n't really pay attention to the details , the point was you get multiple baby boxes for multiple kids . 
   when i pay money for an operation i expect some competitive maps, 
  you should n't have . 
  i have n't tried any of these maps but even in the announcement photos you could see they were clearly shitty workshop maps not designed for competetive play . 
  they 're created by inexperienced people and chosen mainly on the basis of the textures / `` theme '' . 
  the community has been asking for a few certain good maps done by known skilled map makers for over a year , but valve does n't want to do it because it 'd cost them more than these shitty workshop maps nobody over the age of 14 likes . 
  they might work for casual/deathmatch but they 're not designed and most importantly not tested enough to be viable competetive maps . 
   developers think the best way to raise the difficulty is just increase the aim sensitivity on their aim bots, 
  no they do n't . 
  it 's just that improving a bots aim and reflexes takes about 10 seconds . 
  programming a good , challenging but fun ai can take years . 
  yea i remember just playing the tutorial with my friends over and over trying to get a high score . 
  that and mile high club added up to probably 90 % of my cod4 playing time . 
  yea it 's a great tutorial because you do n't realize you were still playing the tutorial at that point until much later on . 
  yeah either a hostage situation or a bomb threat . 
  the police usually acts first and asks questions later , which is kind of understandable . 
  [ yes ] ( https://www.google.fi/search?q=swatting&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;aq=t&amp;rls=org.mozilla:en-us:official&amp;client=firefox-a&amp;channel=fflb&amp;gfe_rd=cr&amp;ei=kve_u8jqaujj8gfttihodg#channel=fflb&amp;q=swatting&amp;rls=org.mozilla:en-us:official&amp;safe=off&amp;tbm=nws ), 
   the title did n't specify men 's world cup , just world cup , and last time i checked the women 's competition is also called the world cup . 
  nope . 
  there 's `` fifa world cup '' and then there 's `` fifa women 's world cup '' . 
  there is no `` men 's world cup '' as there is no rule banning women from the world cup , there has just never been a female athlete good enough to gain a spot in a team . 
  you 're right the olympic medals count per olympics includes both , but if you look at the history of any single olympic sport they always seperate men 's and women 's medals . 
  even if they were the nsa it 'd be impossible to track down . 
  tor for example routes the traffic through multiple computers usually in multiple countries thus making sure no single computer knows both the source of the request and the final address it ended up on . 
  even if you ignore the encryption and the fact that tor is designed in a way that it does n't write anything on your hard drive you 'd have to gain access to multiple computers around the world just to have a chance of finding out the original ip . 
  of course in time to ensure the data in the ram does n't get wiped ( can be a matter of minutes ) and after that you 'd need to crack each encryption algorithm to find out that the original ip was a prepaid 10 $ sim card purchased with cash . 
  in csi they 'd figure out the time of the purchase from the cell phone company , find the vhs tapes from the logal gas station and zoom in the reflection from a sweat drop in the cashiers forehead to get a picture of you that they 'd run through a facial recognition software . 
  in real life the cell phone company or walmart would n't even know which phones got sold when . 
  if you activated the phone ( not required ) and used your real id while doing it ( really fucking stupid ) then you would probably get caught . 
  i do n't think he was saying that vaporizing will replace smoking , but that disposable vaporizers/prepackaged joints will replace `` loose '' marijuana to large degree . 
   will you hallucinate ? 
  probably, 
  probably not . 
  a lot of people doing it does n't make it morally right . 
  their networks are handled by a [ separate company ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nokia_networks ) and everything is a smartphone these days , even the cheap crap phones produced for 3rd world countries . 
  well you must not be very skilled at understanding basic concepts then . 
  first of all that method ca n't be used to track down people who 've already done what they wanted to do . 
  it only works as a `` trap '' . 
  it 's a virus that collects data after a computer has been infected with it . 
  secondly you can already prevent it from working/infecting your computer . 
  you 're right it 's an issue because the tor project people have n't made the necessary changes to the program to ensure anonimity for all users , but a tech-savvy user knows which settings and connection types to use to make sure the nsa ca n't track them . 
  at least as far as what 's public knowledge to this day , it 's a constant arms race . 
   we just had a head start on women 's rights . 
  you actually believe this ? 
  compared to shitholes like africa you 're right , but compared to europe you were well behind . 
  there 's so much better football on tv there 's simply no reason to ever watch the women 's world cup . 
  any european or american or asian league match will be higher quality football . 
  the only reason to watch women 's football is to show others how open minded you are . 
  bonus points if you tweet about it a minimum of 3 times per half time . 
  do n't forget you 're on reddit . 
  we have to pretend we care about women 's sports because ** it 's the right thing to do !!, 
  ** even though 95 % of the people who upvoted that comment probably wo n't watch a single full match . 
  a brilliant idea so the rest of us do n't have to see the posts about girls ' soccer . 
  you get both national teams and high quality of play . 
  also you wo n't have to come up with cheesy excuses why you 're watching it . 
  not really when talking about africa . 
   there 's not much else happening during this tournament . 
   copa america 2015, 
  they 're not `` in one summer '' . 
  they 're literally at the same time . 
  yea but that game was actually good . 
  not a bad tradeoff . 
  different strokes . 
  for me sr2 was a humorous open world game that still had a decent story and good gameplay content . 
  3 was omg so randumh at the cost of the experience . 
  it 's a thin line and in my opinion sr3 took it too far . 
  from what i 've heard sr4 takes it so far it 's funny again but i have n't invested a cent in the franchise since being disappointed by the third . 
  1 and 2 were some of my favourite games . 
  humor is a delicate thing and sr2 had a good balance like for example the pimp cane being one of the best shotguns ( and last to unlock ) with a funny strut walking animation when equipped . 
  sr3 had a dildo as the starting melee weapon , the joke got old really fast . 
  anti-israel or anti-bombing civilians ? 
  crazier things have happened, 
  if i got a phone call from the cia that they were bombing my house i 'd be pretty fucking pissed off at cia for bombing my house regardless of the time frame . 
  i 'd certainly have `` an issue with it '' . 
  keeping your weapons in civilian buildings is extremely `` illegal '' / against rules of war . 
  some people just do n't have the billions of dollars of foreign aid to fight `` fair '' . 
  i 'd rather not have american missiles shot at my house, 
  i do n't need to read a wikipedia article to know what happened in beslan . 
  where have i ever commented on russia or russian civilians ? 
  i absolutely despise russia . 
  hamas also did n't invade a country because of some book written thousands of years ago . 
  one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter . 
  commenting on a news story by a russian state owned news organization does n't mean i condone everything the russian government has ever done . 
  on wp it works even better than gifs do, 
  why would you need a roach clip if you 're already using a filter or whatever that paper thingy is called ? 
  that 's extremely stupid to assume . 
  you bought a console on launch . 
  are you seriously surprised it 's lacking on features and content for the first ~ 2 years ? 
  is this the first console you 've bought ? 
  canada counts as us in video games . 
  what he probably meant was `` ntsc region '' . 
   the super nintendo entertainment system ( snes ) and the super famicom use differences in cartridge cases . 
  a super nes cartridge will not fit in a super famicom/pal snes slot due to its different shape and two pieces of plastic in the snes slot prevent super famicom cartridges from being inserted in the snes ( both pal and ntsc ) . 
  pal snes carts can be fully inserted in both japanese and american consoles , but a similar chip to the 10nes , called cic , prevents pal games to be played in ntsc consoles . 
  while physical modification of the cases ( either console or cartridges ) is needed to play games from the different regions , in order to play games of different tv systems , a hardware modification is also needed . 
  regional-locks could be bypassed using special unlicensed cartridge adapters such as game genie . 
  tl ; dr ntsc games would n't fit into a pal console and vice versa, 
  i do n't see how playing cod and mario kart are mutually exclusive .
