  the address bar has doubled as google search for years and years . 
  it used to be `` i feel lucky '' search which was pretty neat because you could type in relevant words and it would take you straight to the website you were looking for . 
  and i checked , my keyword.url value is `` default '' and it does a google search . 
  i 'm just surprised any of the athletes return . 
  if i was a north korean olympic athlete i 'd defect in a heartbeat, 
  that makes sense, 
  vapes work when i 'm low on tolerances but they `` hit a ceiling '' way faster than smoking . 
  i own a quality vape and love it but if i had to choose just one for the rest of my life it 'd be smoking . 
  please stop right now, 
  i feel your pain as an employee but to be fair you did clean the machine before it was supposed to . 
  it 's a coffee shop . 
  a place where people go to buy coffee . 
  as long as it 's open , it should be able to serve coffee . 
  exactly . 
  maybe you should n't be working in a place that 's open that late if you do n't like serving paying customers at that hour . 
  it 's an establishment that serves food , it 's open , it serves food . 
  but that has nothing to do with the actual song or the lyrics . 
  just because you 're gay does n't make or your music `` gay music '' . 
  also nice neckbeardism assuming all sports fans to be homophobic . 
   does n't mean you ca n't get pissed about it . 
  everyone gets pissed off about some aspects of their job . 
  that 's true . 
  i give you every right to get pissed at your job , but do n't blame me or give me worse service because of that . 
  a `` perfect couple contest '' on a cruise ? 
  that sounds absolutely terrible tbh . 
  but congrats and have a fun cruise etc. 
  now try specialist and combine sitrep pro with dead silence . 
  fun times to be had . 
  also does hc btw, 
  i like cod , gta and mario . 
  i do n't think i 'm alone in doing so . 
  you know they still keep making new mario games , it 's not like those characters on the walls are from the nes version, 
  it 's only 2025 . 
  13 years from now . 
  mw3 has tons of weapons older than that in it . 
  too young to have played half-life 2 . 
  damn i feel old , and i 'm not even old . 
  i think all countries have mandatory sex education . 
  though the american variant of sex education emphasizes not having sex which is kinda odd . 
  yeah so i 've heard . 
  apparently there are `` abstinence only '' states and . . non-abstinence only states ? 
  the one i attended as an exchange student was hilarious though . 
  first of all it was in high school ( back home ours was in middle school ) and secondly we played this game in which , long story short , everyone who had sex died . 
  well basically we were all given a sealed envelope and then we went around the class collecting 3 or 4 names on the outside of it . 
  then we would open the envelope , some had abstinence , some had `` sex '' , some had `` protected sex '' ( which actually had no difference to just sex ) , and some had hiv . 
  the names were our sexual partners . 
  after we did the whole `` finding out about your partners '' thing the end result was that everyone who was n't abstinent got hiv . 
  i answered the other guy who asked the same thing but since i realize no one on reddit checks their comments unless they get an orangered [ here you go ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/y51dl/til_in_germany_they_teach_kids_how_to_hide_a/c5sh7e0 ), 
  well we also had a public speaker in the gym where the entire school was gathered . 
  he showed pictures of some burnt teenage girls to warn us about drunk driving etc. 
  it was all cool until he moved to sex and mentioned how `` few people know that '' condoms have a failure rate of over 70 % . 
  i felt kinda outraged , but being an exchange student i did n't feel it was really my business to intervene and no one else seemed to care . 
  maybe they were just used to the propaganda bullshit . 
  but why ? 
  a pack of papers cost about the same as an apple . 
  or maybe a few cents more but there 's 50 of them . 
  an apple is n't a bong though . 
  it 's a rude pipe . 
  messi, 
  i really do n't see the reason for making another game just like bf3 and especially so soon . 
  hope they change things up , i just do n't see how . 
  it actually is n't even that bad . 
  i still enjoy raven shield . 
  i reinstall it every 2 years or so . 
  love the planning before missions . 
  but nothing beats counter-strike . 
  why did you hate raven shield ? 
  or are you just trying to get hipster points for praising an earlier game of the series ? 
  rogue spears and raven shield had a lot in common . 
  no game has improved the mechanics of 1.6, 
  actually now you can see it in the original pic too :(, 
  too good to be true . 
  i always reserve good seats beforehand and you have to be at the theatre 45-60minutes ahead of time to buy those tickets ( unless you pay for them online also ) so that gives me plenty of time to pick up the tickets and snacks sober and then toke just before the movie starts . 
  does my friend have to accept the invite , or can i just invite anyone and get my hut pack ? 
  why do you need a wristband to look at an id ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  i ca n't even feel bad for op . 
  he 's so super fucking beta . 
  stand up for yourself , do n't let your mom tell you you 're computer illiterate for fucks sake . 
  every cod ( since mw ) has had banned attachments and perks ( and no kill streaks ) in the competitive scene . 
  of course they 'll still be there for the general public . 
  downvoted simply for being `` pro-life '' . 
  i do n't care about your reasonings . 
  deal with it . 
  because obviously letting them boss you around like a bitch for 18 years is going to do you wonders when it comes time for that . 
  yeah it had a new engine but that does n't mean the content was all that different . 
  or are you one of those guys who pays more attention to the polygons than gameplay ? 
  2k games were fun for a little while . 
  ea nhl has always had more replay value . 
  especially before the early 2000s and after ~ 08 . 
  none of the [ similiar images on google ] ( http://goo.gl/2jwoi ) have the face , so yeah . 
  i would have sex with you . 
  you are welcome . 
  in finland we call this the tiger, 
  why does this post have 6 upvotes ? 
  when has this become acceptable behaviour ? 
  do n't play against rm if you do n't want to but do n't be a dick about it . 
  op : pick a 4 star team , you wo n't get matched up with rm . 
  who is this ? 
  so how does having a `` mental illness episode '' in your own house justify that sort of a raid ?
