  i blame rock 'n roll . 
  overcoats and a hat in the 1930s did n't have any more `` dignity and pride '' than a t-shirt and jeans do today . 
  you only think so because you were n't alive in 1930 and fashion and customs have changed since then . 
  you saw the title of the sub and did n't figure out that the entire point was to be a circlejerk ? 
  that 's pretty awkward in itself . 
  first of all this site was always shit . 
  secondly it 's a completely valid point . 
  people have been saying the same `` kids these days '' crap for thousands of years . 
  it only makes yourself look stupid . 
  yes . 
   now , remembering not to move overtly , relax all facial muscles simultaneously . 
  i do n't get it . 
  are my facial muscles supposed to not be relaxed because i looked up a bit ? 
  there 's a reason he 's widely considered one of the best actors of the last decade . 
  yeah but is n't that since the 2014 victory ? 
  this map is definitely older . 
  to be fair all those other `` achievements '' are barely even measurable , more like opinions . 
  finns actually consume most coffee per capita in kilograms of beans per year . 
  we do n't grow coffee at all so it 's pretty easy and accurate to calculate all the imported coffee and divide it by population . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong because we 're just two different types of players but, 
   say i want to be top player in my leaderboard , do you think countess julia is going to allow me to compete with people with maximized dps that have enough time in their hands to play till they get easy rift + conduit ( s ) ? 
  you ca n't . 
  the leaderboards and `` fairness '' of the top score should be the last of blizzards priorities when balancing the game to be fun and rewarding imo . 
   and as long as you ca n't just get infinitely good gear , there should be some level you ca n't beat . 
  used to be somewhere around a hypothetical t7-8 , now it 's like t12 . 
  on a related note , why is there no t7 or 8 or 12/why is t6 so easy ? 
  i play like a casual and i do n't look up any builds or items online . 
  i got ros 2 weeks ago after not playing since launch in 2012 and it took me about a 100 hours to survive t6 . 
  now i 'm 125 hours into the game and t6 is farmable . 
  grifts are the only place to find a challenge . 
  why ? 
  i never bought into the whole `` competetive '' aspect of grifts or diablo 3 in general . 
  i thought it was a fun game mode that keeps getting harder and gives the difficulty a value to compare against your previous results to see how you 've progressed . 
  i have about 15 active or semi-active diablo 3 players on my friends list and none of them play for leaderboards either so i 'm definitely not alone with this mindset . 
  grifts or d3 items and heroes in general should n't be optimized solely for the minority of players who do care about leaderboards . 
  they 're not going to have two separate item sets or skill sets for grifts and general play so these cries about `` balanced grift scores '' affect all players . 
   data cap, 
  2004 called and they want their technology back, 
   which is exactly what the entire argument is about, 
  but it 's not . 
  these are two totally separate things . 
  for what i 'm describing the system works great . 
  yes you can have an easier rift and a harder rift but it all evens out on average so you can totally track your progress . 
  the complaints are about how the invidiual rift completion times are n't comparable because of the random nature of grifts . 
  i 'm astonished how someone can even complain about this with a straight face . 
  the entire point of diablo ( 3 ) is the random generation of maps . 
  grifts make it even more random with randomized enemy groups . 
  if you wanted actually comparable competetive scores you 'd need a system/game mode where the rifts are predetermined with identical maps and enemies each time . 
  that would make it extremely boring for people who do n't care about leaderboards . 
  you 'll have to take my word for it because i 'm not home with my backups right now but i took a picture from the top of the sears tower in 2007 that looks like someone opened a new blank image in photoshop and filled it with the paint bucket tool and color gray . 
  i 'll try to deliver when i get home but in the meantime i 'm sure one of you smartasses will open up photoshop and recreate it . 
  yeah maybe . 
  i may give it a shot at some point but without any experience i do n't really get the appeal of `` one mistake and you have to go through boring leveling up again ! '', 
  or `` put all your points into survivability so grinding takes even longer than usual ! '' . 
  the biggest problem though is finding someone to play hc with me , i 'd never play this game alone . 
  i do n't know about being an advocate but it sure was a hilarious video to watch under the effects of marijuanas . 
  not so much the `` fuck it i quit '' part but the other woman 's reaction . 
  5/5 would be entertained again . 
   it 's hard to believe someone could misspell both of the only two words on their poster . 
  honestly though if someone mispelled even one of two words on a sign like this i 'd assume them to have dyslexia . 
  and then anything 's possible . 
  you do n't check the profiles of players during warmup if you do n't have a full party ? 
  if there 's a russian on your team it 's like a 95 % chance he plays like a fucking retard and not only that but a selfish retard . 
  before he quits on round 7 . 
  at least in dota `` russia '' servers are hosted in stockholm . 
  that 's why you often get a better ping from swe/den/fin / nor to `` russia '' than `` europe west '' or `` europe east '', 
  i 'd be very surprised if cs : go did n't have the same setup being a valve game and everything . 
  i only play 5 mans , maybe an occasional 4 man if it 's 4am . 
  98 % of the people i play with played 1.6 . 
  most of them `` came back '' one at a time , not at the release of cs : go or anything like that but later as cs : go grew in popularity . 
  if i had to tell my friends `` check out cs : go , it 's pretty good . 
  though you 'll have to play 50 games on your own before you can play with us . '', 
  nobody would buy the game . 
  cs is a very social game . 
   the 9gag days, 
  you say that like it 's a thing . 
  filthy casual . 
  i always thought it was kinda stupid legendary potions did n't use regular potions as `` ammo '' . 
  yeah but would n't everyone in the party have to come out of ranked matchmaking then ? 
  for ** fifty ** games . 
  i do n't know about you but it 'd make me feel really awkward to ask my friends not play ranked for the next 50 games because of me . 
  that does n't make casual games any less boring . 
  even mm 's pretty boring , pcw is where the game gets fun . 
   you say that you have 15 friends who dont care about leaderboards . 
  fifteen . 
  and you say that the game should not be optimized solely for the minority who cares about the leaderboards . 
  meaning that you actually consider that measly 15 friends that you have the majority ? 
   i think that if you want to talk about which group of people are the actual majority , u got to give sliiiiiiiiiiightly more figures ? 
  what makes you think that you and your 15 friends are representative of the whole community ? 
  i 'm not saying my fifteen friends are an exact representation of the community but i did n't pick them because they did n't care about leaderboards . 
  they 're just people i happened to know were interested in d3 ( former d2 players ) and i added to my bnet . 
  if not a single one of them cares about leaderboards that must say something , even if it is n't factual evidence of a majority . 
  and it 's not like d3 is the only game with leaderboards . 
  there are more games out there with leaderboards than without . 
  and in every single one of them leaderboards only seem to attract a certain small group of players . 
   diablo 3 is more of a casual game where there isnt too much in-depth mechanics or character control skill required , so no matter what is done to grift , it will still boil down to luck . 
  you can play the game in whatever way u want . 
  i dont understand why you are complaining about the leaderboards when you already say that you are not even interested in it ? 
  i 'm not complaining about leaderboards . 
  i do n't care what they do with the actual boards .
