  yes, 
   so you have half the chance as before to hit a diamond vein, 
  why could n't / would n't they just double the amount of diamond/gold/iron and spread it out in the twice-as-big-as-before area ? 
  they 'd double the about of stone by doubling the depth limit so it would only make sense . 
  that way the ratio of ores to stone stays the same thus keeping the mining experience/difficulty as close to original as possible . 
  i do n't care about karma , but i do care about the quality of submissions that make it to the front page, 
  i 'm not claiming fake or anything but why does all the text look photoshopped in ? 
  a picture of black text is not as ... black, 
  not really . 
  i live in a country with a military draft and managed to lie myself out of it ( to a doctor ), 
  i 've never had or heard of anyone having a standard doctor , 
  maybe that 's a culture/country difference though, 
   no one said anything about doubling the spawning algorithm, 
  not true . 
  i just did . 
   op 's question was with regards to simply lowering or raising the sky/bedrock, 
  i know but my question was a response to a comment , not to the op 's question, 
   but if you want to keep the same proportions , doubling the volume halves the density, 
  no it does n't . 
  for example let 's say an average 1x1 from bedrock to ocean level had 55 stone/dirt , 4 coal , 2 gold , 2 iron , 1 diamond ( 64 total , making ratios up ), 
  after doubling the depth , a 1x1 ( now 128 total ) would have 110 stone/dirt , 8 coal , 4 gold , 4 iron and 2 diamonds thus keeping both the ratio and density the same as before, 
  finland . 
  i 'd say 90-95 % use public healthcare which is probably the reason why such tradition never caught on . 
  i personally go to private doctors but i still just call and ask for a specialist of whatever problem i have at the time . 
  i do n't think i 've ever actually seen the same doctor twice if it was n't for some sort of a follow-up, 
  i was glad to see the maker of a video did n't fold under the propaganda of people like you . 
  mixing tobacco with weed just makes everything better . 
  joints burns more smoothly/evenly and hotter which is good in terms of getting all the thc . 
  also the nicotine gives a nice kick to the high . 
  and you cough a lot less . 
  this coming from a man who does n't smoke cigarettes . 
  well i 've never been to a `` check-up '' in my life . 
  i only go to a doctor when there 's something wrong . 
  and even then i try to procrastinate calling the scheduling number lol, 
  e. but i have to add the idea of a personal doctor sounds . . disturbing . 
  i would n't want some half-stranger knowing my medical history that well . 
  i do live in a big city though and i love the fact that i do n't even know my neighbours by name so it 's probably just me . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 've always though of weed as just a nice drug . 
  i feel no connection to other people that also enjoy smoking weed . 
  i do n't think of myself as an ent or a stoner . 
  i 'm just a guy who likes to smoke weed . 
  that being said i also own a mac and do n't feel like i 'm part of any secret society so maybe i 'm just faulty . 
  yes they do . 
  [ `` the down arrow is for comments that add nothing to the discussion . 
  vanquish is an amazing 3rd person shooter , truly underrated . 
  army of two is a really fun co-op . 
  i also recommend you try the ea sport game of your preference , especially if you like nhl or fifa . 
  those two ( console versions ) have made huge advancements in the last couple of years . 
  it 's hard for me to recommend stuff because i pretty much only play shooters and as someone switching over from pc those are the hardest ones play . 
  do n't be afraid though as it is only a matter of being used to . 
  5 years ago i had to have a mouse to aim , now i actually prefer xbox even in fps 's . 
  is flatout uc console-only ? 
  i guess it is . 
  it has a great single player as well as a `` party mode '' that 's always fun . 
   first off , get your shit checked out man . 
  doctors are not scary , they are there to tell you your shit is n't right and try to fix it . 
  i 'm not afraid of doctors at all . 
  but this whole concept of random check-ups sounds like another culture difference . 
  i 've honestly never heard of anyone under 40 going in just to see if everything 's ok ( aside from required physicals for a certain jobs etc ) and have never even thought about doing something like that . 
  also under finnish law the doctor i go to does n't see shit if i do n't decide to give him access to those files and even after that i can pick and choose what to show him . 
  shit , i went to r/dae and as there were only 3.000 readers i posted it here . 
  thanks, 
  i took a shower earlier today, 
  e. i seriously ca n't understand what you 're saying . 
  all those unnecessary commas and a few missing words i guess ? 
  you 're saying you like having a personal doctor because you can omit information from him and he gives you medicine that clashes with your previous prescriptions ? 
  the pharmacies are required by law to check your prescriptions and possible clashes before handing you the medication . 
  that 's why pharmacist require such an extensive education . 
  by random i meant without a specific reason/illness, 
  idk , i must ask around if people truly go to random check-ups here too , but like i said i 've never heard of anyone ( relatively young ) doing it and have never been told that you should go to regular check-ups by a doctor , a teacher , my parents or anyone, 
  oh except for prostate checks , but it 's always `` middle aged men '' when talking about prostate cancer, 
   which is often treated with prozac in america, 
  ftfy , 
  it is extremely rare to be prescribed pills for depression ( or for any mental condition ) in finland ( which i think is the way it should be ) and even if you do get pills it 's usually always something milder than prozac, 
  but it is not a commonly prescribed medication over here . 
  it 's used as a last resort and to get prozac it takes more than just one quick visit to the doctor . 
  and i do n't see how going to the same doctor all your life makes any difference . 
  he still would n't know that your grandfather was bipolar if you did n't tell him . 
  that looks amazing, 
  i know that . 
  but it 's not like your family doctor magically knows everything about you and how you will react to a certain drug . 
  he 's still just a doctor all the same and has to run the same tests any other doctor would . 
  true . 
  i 'm not going to come to your house and mix tobacco in your weed . 
  you can relax . 
  ca n't see butane burning ? 
  have you ever used a gas lighter in your life & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  as you can let any other doctor . 
  and since when has your medical record included the medical records of your extended family ? 
   know your * entire * list of meds, 
  i have been prescribed antibiotics once . 
  that 's it . 
  when i was in the us ( exchange student ) i noticed about half the school took some sort of pills during lunch break . 
  maybe it 's shit like this that makes you need a regular doctor, 
  there 's more info in the comment above . 
  i for one hate having to search for the file and appreciate a direct download but for each his own i guess . 
  fuck you and your stereotypical hippie crap . 
  this post has a harsh vibe , not the one by op which was simply direct and to the point . 
  and he even apologized in case he hurt anyone 's feelings .
