  the same way fixing most computer problems is 30 seconds of googling and one reboot yet the average person ca n't manage it and brings the pc to a specialist or it support to fix . 
  the fact that people working in information security which is a pretty niche field directly related to this topic would require 30 minutes of googling to pull off makes it extremely advanced computer knowledge . 
  i doubt the 60 year old woman in charge of maintenance in my building has a side job in fucking information security . 
  [ i think i 'll stick with my steam library ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7nzg9qo.png ), 
  also it 's kinda silly trying to count the hours like that considering i have more than 821 hours in both csgo and dota2 and will likely double both in the future . 
  what 's the `` estimated compeltion time '' for dota2 ? 
  yeah but if you 're on the middle lane with 3 lanes between you and the shoulder and your car starts acting up and cars are going past you at over 50 mph it 's easier said than done . 
   it 's possible to gain access to more than just your files, 
  like what ? 
  i do n't store password information for my bank account ( in fact it 's impossible the way it works ) and nothing else i do on my computer is worth anything . 
  they 'd get my reddit account , youtube account , maybe gmail . 
  none of those contain any valuable information . 
  and this is all assuming that some random person breaks into my house and instead of stealing my computer starts going through my shit . 
  so basically you 're asking me to give up daily guaranteed convenience for a possible yet extremely unlikely inconvenience that would n't even be so serious . 
  i 'd say the odds of lightning hitting me on the head is higher than someone breaking into my house and computer yet i do n't walk around with a lightning rod . 
  how is that version better ? 
  it 's lower resolution and overall quality and neither one has any sound . 
  he actually believes it . 
  let him have his moment . 
  what a person can access if they physically got on my computer was never what the argument was about though . 
  i very well understand how much stuff you can dig up with the right tools . 
  what i was saying was that even if someone had 100 % complete keylog information since the moment i installed my os there still would be next to nothing valuable on there . 
  definitely not enough to give up any daily convenience . 
  i do login to my bank account but logging in requires a changing physical code that is not with my pc . 
  i could let you watch me log in and tell you every button i press and it would n't make a difference because it 'd be different the next time you try to login . 
  i have never ever sent an email to a family member , i do n't do my taxes on a computer ( i just check the thing and mail it back ) and my credit card is set up so that i need to do the aforementioned bank account check or it wo n't let me buy anything . 
  so pretty much, 
   literally just watch porn , youtube , reddit and play games on your computer, 
  though you forgot about netflix . 
   most people i talk to do n't even carry / own checks anymore . 
  some do n't even know how to write a check . 
  so pretty much you 're doing all financial transactions outside of access to your online bank the old school way like they did in the 90s, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 've never even seen a cheque . 
  and i do order stuff online , i just have my credit card set up so that it needs the banks authorization before the transaction is accepted and that authorization requires me to log in with the password that changes each time . 
  getting the number of my card alone would be worthless . 
  it 's not required for offline purchases so i guess you could duplicate the card and put purchases on it ( though offline purchases require to use the chip afaik and that data is not available if you just keylogged my computer ) but theft is covered by the credit union so i would n't actually have to pay for those . 
   if you change the majority of protoss , any pro player who plays protoss will be at a serious disadvantage for many months at the very least imo . 
  that seems like a small price to pay to finally make protos interesting to play and watch, 
  yeah and dreaming about stuff you had to make sure you spent all your moves before ending your turn , even if you were dreaming about something totally unrelated . 
  yeah and making sure you 're keeping up with macro every two seconds when you 're dreaming about a nice sunny day outside or whatever . 
  thanks a lot . 
  and the download speed seems to be solid 5-10 mb/s which is nice . 
  avoiding change because `` it 's bad for those who are used to it '' is honestly the most retarded thing i 've ever heard . 
  dota gets total hero reworks when they decide that a hero is mechanically broken or is n't fun to play as/against and can overnight change all the abilities and how the hero is played . 
  nobody complains because people understand change demands a little sacrifice and in the end it 's better for the game . 
  holding on to a broken race that 's been broken for 5 years because `` it 'd take time to get used to something new '' seems ironically representative of this dead game 's community . 
  so afraid of change you 'd rather go down with the ship . 
  no they would n't . 
  they 'd be happy the game got better . 
  except he 's not . 
  borderless windowed ( or just windowed ) required a ton of extra resources in xp/windows vista . 
  in windows 8.1 or any modern version of 7 the difference is negligible . 
  maybe one or two percent decrease in performance . 
  this is why modern games are expected to include it as it 's no longer just for top tier gaming pcs . 
  if your computer can run a game fullscreen it can run it windowed . 
  on top of that even if he was right i totally understand why someone would downvote him . 
  he 's speaking against an option to run it in windowed because his own pc ca n't handle it . 
  nobody is advocating removing the fullscreen option if you want to stick to it . 
  if i ca n't view it in the reddit window i probably wo n't open it and just not vote, 
  then someone reposts it and i upvote because i have n't seen it before, 
  it has the best story out of all of them . 
  only thing that sucks about it is that you ca n't swim but it 's a minor inconvenience . 
  \\  not leveling stats after 1-1-4, 
   items that ca n't be bought by certain heroes, 
  this is n't still in the game , is it ? 
  at least basher and blink can be bought by everyone , were there others ? 
  yeah because icefrog is the only person in charge of the balance and never makes a mistake . 
   do n't even skill until 10, 
  in your example he got it at lvl 1 then maxed scream and blink . 
  that is the most standard qop build in existence . 
  and the reason it works is because lvl 1 dagger is so good . 
  yeah i started playing around that time and legitimately believed ( because it was true ) that losing two lanes of rax is no big deal . 
  as long as you do n't give megacreeps it just takes one good fight to come back . 
  i had nothing to compare it to so i just figured that 's how dota is and could n't understand why some people ( who had played longer ) over reacted to early game kills . 
  i 'm glad that they nerfed it , the game actually makes more sense now . 
  i do n't think so . 
  looks way too good . 
  i 'm guessing some local ad agency photoshopped it before printing them out . 
  this attitude is pretty common on reddit too . 
  posts about `` that time alone with your thoughts before falling asleep '' pop up almost weekly . 
  i never understood the concept , that 's like the best time of the day . 
  i do n't know what kind of guests you have if you 're worried about them stealing your money . 
  if i suspected someone might do that i would n't invite them into my house . 
  just out of curiosity how old are you ? 
  it does n't . 
  why ? 
  i have tons of friends with over 3000 hours in csgo or dota 2 that do n't leave the game running unless they 're playing/queuing for a game . 
  enjoy paying for my neetbux wageslave, 
  they do n't ban you because they consider nude mods lewd . 
  they ban you because they do n't like any mods as they take control from the dev and possibly implement stuff they could charge money for . 
  the people making those figurines know exactly what they 're for . 
  yeah and despite using them for thousands of years wind and water power never made the industrial revolution possible , did they ? 
  key word being `` now '' . 
  the post we 're all replying to starts with `` should we destroy civilisation '' . 
  the very point of it was rebuilding a society from scratch . 
  wind and water and solar power are all very nice when you 've already achieved a level of technology where you can effectively harness their potential but in case you do n't none of them match the raw ammount of energy achievable simply by burning fossil fuels . 
  i 'm all for decreasing our reliance on fossil fuels in the current state of the world , but if it were n't for fossil fuels we would 've never gotten this far to the point where we can try to start replacing them . 
  requires water to be heated, 
  why was n't that $ 500 in the bank ?
