  she 's done a ton of nudes and vids , google, 
  how is this `` stupidity '' . 
  you 're the asshole for not helping him . 
  i do n't think it 's so much about a low attention span , but when you read a newspaper you know ( or hope ) that the writer is at least somewhat qualified . 
  on the internet there are billions and billions of articles so it 's more likely that not that you 'll waste your time if you read something as long as that . 
  also , [ * `` i would have written a shorter letter , but i did not have the time . 
  '' * ] ( http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/blaise_pascal ) never forget, 
  your post makes no sense . 
  you ca n't hurt or enrage men with shitty women logic . 
  you might ride to the sunset thinking you 've won and your man is in insufferable emotional pain but no , he honestly does not give a fuck . 
  because he works at the help desk and a paying customer asked for help and it would be nice and polite . 
  i 'm not saying he should take 15 minutes to jailbreak it for him , but direct him to a website or quickly go over the basics or something . 
  it 's not like apple listens to every single word every single employee says . 
  for me alcohol is no problem but giving up red meat and milk ? 
  what 's the point of life after that, 
  do n't buy it then, 
  yes there is . 
  use your own brains for a change , you do n't have to do every single thing you 're told, 
  what kind of faggotry is this and why is it upvoted . 
  no problem , glad to help, 
  just because they do n't want to deal with the retard baby does n't mean they 're not thinking of the babies best as well . 
  i mean i would n't want to bring a challenged child into this already cruel world . 
  it would suck for me but it 'd suck even harder for him/her, 
  here & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  i was gon na say the exactly same thing, 
  did n't someone just comment and therefore care ? 
  is n't this the internet ? 
  you make no sense, 
  you know if someone attacks you the law allows you to hold him down or otherwise protect yourself even if your job description does n't . 
  also , grow some balls . 
  it 's not like the retarded kid is going to charge you with assault ( and prove it in court ) . 
  it 's a good thing i appreciate working pharmaceuticals a lot more than the living conditions of some random monkeys . 
  or people for that matter . 
  i know i 'm not adding to the conversation but i just wanted to thank op . 
  been reading the comments on this thread solely for 90 minutes now . 
  i was born in 1990 and have never ever seen anyone use a check outside of some really old comic books . 
  then i came to america . 
  someone actually bought a plasma in 2010 ? 
  i rarely take intense shits outside my bathroom, 
  if you do n't like titty pictures while browsing the internets i 've got some bad news for you, 
  i hate women . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  why should one stop misogyny if he truly hates women ? 
  i do n't see anything wrong with that , given that the stats were accurate, 
  having worked in a store myself i 'd say 4/5 people ( caught ) shoplifting were dark skinned . 
  not saying it 's because of their skin color , but they still did . 
  well , that 's just like your opinion , man, 
  idk , i loved lotr but the book ( hobbit ) was not even close to the quality of the lotr books, 
  my first thought exactly, 
  she died naturally when the machine was switched off . 
  keeping it on would had been unnatural . 
  not defending either choice , just pointing out that the world `` naturally '' is n't maybe the best in this context . 
  you 'd think the tail would ( at least sometimes ) snap before the neck . 
  why not just hold them from the torso or rear legs ? 
  do n't blame high school and your job performance expectations . 
  it 's amazing what you can convince ** an idiot ** to do . 
  good point , but even with that logic one option would n't had been more `` natural '' than the other . 
  diet soda tastes better than sugar or corn syrup sweetened soda . 
  there , i said it . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  i sure am glad i do n't live in a country with bandwidth caps, 
  while this is all true , it 's bullshit that you should go through all that extra trouble because your isp just decided so, 
  with some isp 's you can . 
  my 105m works at ~ 95-102 mbps . 
  with no limits . 
  getting used to shitty service is no justification for it . 
  and ... ? 
  why tail then ? 
  i actually laughed at this way more than i should 've, 
  i have a loving girlfriend who i love too . 
  has n't stopped me from hating women as a whole . 
  right now i 'd upvote your comment telling her name except you already posted it as a title so idk what to do to give you double upvotes, 
  finland, 
  well i did n't downvote you but it 's not a simple solution to the problem . 
  it 's a work around that allows you to live with the problem . 
  only 31 comments and in the front page . . must think of something funny and original quick ... 
  fuck it . 
  i had totally forgot about those . 
  thanks , watching them all again as i type, 
  looks informative but the actual content starts at 2.25 after some ads , a long intro , more bullshit and a few minutes of details about advertisers . 
  what the fuck is this shit . 
  e. after actually watching what he did with photoshop . . well that was just crap all around, 
  normally i would had gone with the `` captain obvious '' upvote myself but seeing as how he spelled it `` lucy '' 20 minutes before it seems like a bad attempt at saving ones face, 
  [ not sure if serious ] ( http://www.idiomdictionary.com/definition/save-ones-face.html ), 
  damn you 're too fast . 
  i was going to edit the post into `` not sure if sirius '' to be kind of a counter-pun but you were too quick for me to shave my face, 
  i understood that but did you actually look at the video ? 
  i was n't complaining about the simplicity of the techniques , but that it took him 10 minutes to play around with some filters and end up with a crappy looking result no photoshop user of any caliber would want, 
  a $ 600 pc would destroy an xbox in specs yes , but it would n't run the games even as smoothly, 
  get it . 
  now . 
  you 're welcome . 
  [ caspa - cockney violin ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flyxhgtfbzy ), 
  hijack - iron man ( not on youtube or spotify ), 
  both around the same time , first album was untrue by burial, 
  i wish there was a way to only play the map packs ( seperately or all of them , both would be fine ) . 
  i hated the original maps of blops and only played mp for ~ 30h . 
  after the map packs i 've played over 130h , 
  the joke has n't been funny in years, 
  when i had only 1 level of pistons the bottom ones worked just fine , when i tried to add a second level , one of the two on the bottom stops working and i do n't know why .
