  you did n't answer my question . 
  that 's exactly how it looks when my browser resizes it . 
  and you do realize that any proper browser can resize anywhere from 1 % to 9000 + % with just the scroll wheel ? 
  no , a redditor should already have either res or that add-on or something similiar installed so that a retarded resized post is not required . 
  i mean there 's simply no reason not to have res . 
  have you ever heard the expression about giving a hungry man a fish vs. giving him a rod and teaching him how to fish ? 
  that post is the perfect example of giving a hungry man a fish that feeds him for one ( 1 ) day . 
  does that switch actually do anything ? 
  it 'd be sweet if it controlled the air flow so you could use it like a carb . 
  a glaze should be fine to protect it from the water but that 's going to be a bitch to clean up, 
  holy fucking shit that is sweet . 
  i might just make one like that myself . 
  how does it hit ? 
  does it taste cleaner than a regular bong ( with 1 chamber ) ? 
  also were those metal bits part of the tubing or just separate scraps that you put together ? 
  ok so disabling the add-ons did n't work but a new profile did . 
  what to do now ? 
  i 'd hate to manually add every add-on , bookmark ( well i think these are importable by . html ) , setting and password but do i have a choice ? 
  e. error console says nothing btw , and changing the skin to default did n't do anything, 
  if i 'm going ahead with a new profile i might as well wipe everything clean . 
  do you know what else than the what 's in the application folder do i need to empty ? 
  sd videos on youtube with firefox have never viewed correctly for me . 
  it freezes couple times per video for a few secs and every single time something important is about to happen ( seriously , i thought it was just the important bits i noticed it but i 've been paying attention for about 6 months now and even if there 's only one skip in a video it 's allways the important 3 secs . 
  do n't know if its mbps or what ) . 
  it skips the time it was frozen and continues like nothing happened . 
  works fine when i rewind it or choose the hd but sometimes it is n't available . 
  i used to use noscript for a few months . 
  then i reinstalled firefox and realized how much simpler internet was without it and really have never missed it . 
  adblock with proper subscriptions is all i need . 
  e. i must add i 'm not on windows so i 'm not really as worried about trojans etc, 
  and i 'm lovin ' it, 
  i 've apparently been accepted as a substitute , i hope it 's ok if i start adding some of you people on live ? 
  btw my k/d 's actually gone up 0.1 in the last 3 or so days alone even though i 've prestiged so i 'm not actually as bad as it looks ( k/d 1.2 x ), 
  too bad the games are downloadable so they have no resale value . 
  alan wake is the only one of those i enjoyed though anyway ( have n't tried halo wars ) . 
  you can probably find an `` old '' 360 with even 2 controllers for about $ 150 . 
  a much better deal . 
  that being said that is the best bundle i 've seen so far . 
  yeah i play a lot of split-screen as well and it 's nearly impossible to do good with 50 % screen and no headphones . 
  i do n't care about it myself but i know some people do . 
  so if it reassures anybody my k/d for the last 5 games right now is apparently [ 10.00 , 4.50 , 6.00 , 3.17 and 3.10 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ivltz.jpg ) . 
  those are public games though so the opponents are what they are . 
  i 'm playing right now btw if anybody wants to go a few rounds . 
  thanks . 
  zoom now works and i managed to recover everything except for saved passwords . 
  maybe because the name of the profile is different ? 
  but that 's not a big deal as i remember them anyway . 
  i went trough the preferences twice but ca n't figure out what setting it is that causes the blue area . 
  it 's not that bad but it can get pretty annoying when resizing images , especially since it was n't there before . 
  help is appreciated . 
  i 'm sorry but i refure to believe that a console rts could be `` amazing '' . 
  there simply is n't enough buttons . 
  when you 're 20 like me both kids and adults are fucking retarded, 
  but . . 
  i tried disabling keyboard navigation and it did n't work . 
  got ta try it again . 
  e. maybe i forgot to press save . 
  thanks and sorry for the unnecessary post, 
  am i the only one who did n't know corn came in a can ? 
  the dick piercing ? 
  it 's not really worth it to sell them but trading definitely is . 
  you ca n't trade downloadables . 
  millions of people listen to lil wayne every day . 
  your argument is invalid . 
  shit like this is the cancer that 's killing reddit . 
  no pun intended . 
  i did . 
  it 's a picture of a bald kid doing nothing . 
  how 's that interesting , entertaining , funny or educational ? 
  i do n't browse reddit for sob stories and karma whoring . 
  that 's the joke . 
  i was n't actually stating that i 'm smarter than everybody . 
  just that i 'm neither a kid nor an adult . 
  well i did n't say there 's no way you can enjoy it . 
  just that i do n't believe i 'd find it amazing . 
  i just killed 6 people in s & d overtime . 
  it was 1vs5 with spy plane at one point and i killed 4 inside ~ 15secs with 3 of them in just 5 seconds . 
  i 'll add you in case you 're interested , my gt is nappalive . 
  it 's a 2min video from stockpile s & d , i did n't name it so it 's probably just `` stockpile '' . 
  e. there 's also another vid from this week ( ctf firing range ) with a sweet triple kill with a stolen smg ( and a streak of about 12 at that point ) but i just saved the entire game ( 56-5 ) so it 's a bit long . 
  i did n't find this useless at all , thanks, 
  the settings only reset for me if a new guest signs in/signs out . 
  still a bitch though . 
  and the gun pickup icon , how could they fuck something like that up and not fix it ? 
  but i have n't had any trouble with lag , sure the fps is sometimes a bit lower but that 's expected . 
  also there are no dedicated servers for cod . 
  ever wonder what that host migration means ? 
  does it only happen in cod ? 
  because otherwise i recommend you post this to r/xbox360 or r/gaming, 
  i do n't like acog . 
  it adds recoil and slows down ads . 
  but i do love m16 though . 
  wow that sucks ass . 
  i do n't know why but mine does n't ( 360 as well ) . 
   well i did n't say there 's no way you can enjoy it . 
  just that i do n't believe i 'd find it amazing . 
  listen to this man . 
  that is all . 
  well seeing as how most modern games are ~ 10 hours it 'd be nice to be able to trade those once you 're done . 
  and i do n't mean like gamestop `` bring in 10 games and get a $ 10 discount '' `` trade '' but online with other gamers,
