  by default i play games on hard , if i enjoy them i try the insane or whatever setting ( if there is one ) . 
  i just do n't care if i get imaginary points for it or not . 
  i like achievements like `` kill 5 enemies with headshots in a row '' that give you additional challenges while playing but i could never imagine doing something i do n't enjoy just for gamerscore . 
  also that is not something that `` happens to you '' . 
  you do it to yourself . 
  i laughed at the picture but then i read the title and now i do n't get it, 
  my first reaction to this thread was `` some people actually click ` yes ' when asked to register their product ? '', 
  i do n't know whether they 're fake or not but why the fuck would it be pointless to get them in that size ? 
  they look perfect !, 
  or do you have to ruin your body if you want implants ? 
  that 's the joke, 
  you had me at `` no spaghetti '', 
  what is this ? 
  as a european , pizza hut is by far the best pan pizza i know and their pepperoni one of the best pizzas in the world . 
  not everything in life is about the healthiest possible choice . 
  soda fucking tastes good . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's [ this guy ] ( http://ragemaker.net/images/angry/stare.png ), 
  it 's not true for me either . 
  if i have weed i smoke it whenever there 's an opportunity and i 'm not already high . 
  and the amounts do n't change much . 
  i do admit to huge blunts etc when i have just bought a big bag but it 's the `` one week '' or the slowly declining graph part is n't true for me . 
  i have pretty much two weed usage speeds ; `` tons of bud '' and `` less than a quarter '' speed . 
  e. i drew a [ graph ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oaczj.png ) , compared to [ the dimishing sacks one ] ( http://philalawyer.net/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/sackgraph.jpg ) . 
  old shitty trackpad, 
  i never understood how some people could use them . 
  and i seriously mean never because my old walkman had better headphones than my 1st ipod so i 've probably used them like 5 minutes total . 
  ca n't understand why it 's ok to spend 250 euros on a mp3 player but 30 bucks for an ok pair of headphones is suddenly way too much . 
  well tbh you can get better headphones for like $ 10, 
  i suggest you download vbr ( [ variable bitrate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/variable_bitrate ) ) releases in the future if you have limited space yet enjoy higher quality mp3s . 
  basically instead of having every second being at 320kbps the encoding process actively changes the bitrate at any moment based on the track . 
  so when there is a lot of action it can go up to whatever your maximum setting is , let 's say 320kbps for the sake of simplicity but when there is silence or very simple sounds it uses a lower bitrate which is really all that 's necessary and therefore saving space . 
  which is misspelled . 
  that 's the joke . 
  169 points for `` ballin ' '' and the comment is removed . 
  noooo, 
  of course it 's a troll . 
  but it 's about kids not appreciating their presents so reddit eats it up . 
  or an eight if you live in europe, 
  i 'm not that familiar with otp but if it 's a ranked match how can the friends get in different sides ? 
  if op wants to play like the first line of the comic he just needs to find friends/clan for private matches , it 's not that far off from his `` expectations '' . 
  you ca n't really except functional teamwork in any public game , especially cod, 
  just jumping on the bandwagon here . 
  all sorts of genital mutilation ( except self-inflicted because , you know , it 's your body ) should be illegal and if the woman has a right to abort the baby without the man 's consent a man should have the option to deny all his right , priviliges and responsibilities to a child if a woman chooses to keep it against his will . 
  \\  netflix, 
  why would you care about an iama of a guy who has a funny facial expression in one pic ? 
  this is a serious question , i like the pictures and the meme but why an iama ? 
  eating an entire chicken is one thing but eating an entire ** microwaved ** chicken is a whole other ball game . 
  and war on terror . 
  pretty much anyone can be a terrorist these days , i tried to carry nail clippers into an airplane last week . 
  ed , edd and eddy fucking sucked even for a cn show which is pretty bad, 
  granddad : y' all need to start appreciating your granddaddy . 
  i went and spent your inheritance on this beautiful house in this neighborhood and all i ask you to do is act like you got some class !, 
  riley : hey ... what 's `` class '' ? 
  huey : it means , `` do n't act like niggas . '', 
  that 's what i 'm talkin ' about right there !, 
  we do n't use the `` n-word '' in this house !, 
  huey : granddad , you said the word `` nigga '' 46 times yesterday . 
  i counted !, 
  it is , and nothing more of course . 
  i 've purchased one gamerpic but i for sure had a preview before i bought it . 
  i think you had to scroll down or right or something but it was there because i looked through a ton of them before choosing which one to buy . 
  this was back in '09 i think . 
  yeah that 's the reason for my upvote as well but do some people seriously use pajamas ? 
  i outgrew mine when i was about 5 years old and did n't even know they make them in adult sizes except for like costume stores . 
  never seen an adult in one either ( in real life ) . 
   whose views were to the left of the other politician, 
  i do n't even think obama is really that left winged in his heart . 
  he just knew republicans would n't vote for a black guy and young trendy people and/or black people would n't vote for a republican . 
  let 's make crazy laws and just choose not to enforce them ( most of the time ) . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  nope , that 's the [ separation of powers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/separation_of_powers ), 
  while common in democracies it is in no way necessary in order to have a democrazy, 
  natural resources ? 
  norwas has oil , all sweden and finland have is forest and fresh water . 
  denmark does n't even have those . 
  our crops grow small and for a very short time , our winters make building infrastructure or buildings extremely difficult and expensive . 
  do n't try to make it out like we had better starting points than the u.s. because it 's not true . 
  except those numbers are nowhere near correct and the countries listed in the title are not part of the eurozone debt crisis . 
  norway is n't part of the eu , sweden and denmark do n't use euros and while finland is in euro it 's one the countries paying off the debts of countries that fucked their shit up . 
  finland itself has no debt crisis . 
  i do n't think you understand how everything works . 
  having a larger population is not a bad thing , on the contrary it makes socialist programs like healthcare cheaper ( per capita ) to implement . 
   the point of the blackout is to raise awareness . 
  a reddit blackout would simply be preaching to the choir . 
  exactly . 
  you 'd need to black out sites that are just as vulnerable to sopa but whose users are n't necessarily as politically aware . 
  like youtube and wikipedia and facebook for 24 hours . 
  that would probably have the desired effect but it 's not like any of those sites wants to lose a day 's worth of revenue . 
  which is why they idly watch by as their very existence is jeopardized . 
  i do n't know . 
  people are greedy and stupid . 
   because for the most part , we can afford it, 
  that 's the most retarded reason ever . 
  other civilized countries could choose to cut down on their medical and educational spending and suddenly they could afford a bigger military than they used to as well but nobody else is doing it . 
  and it 's not like the u.s could n't use the extra money right now . 
  on top of that the police officers were making clearly illegal demands which can also be a pretty confusing situation in itself, 
   many cops falsely arrest people thinking that the person wont try & fight it, 
  and even if i was aware of the law and did fight it i still would n't want to be handcuffed and dragged to a police station in the middle of the night for doing nothing . 
  it 's not ok just because it wo n't hold in court . 
   my guess is that she let him go off camera .
