  i live in a country with no baseball and we used to play catch with . 
  aka throw all sorts of tennis balls or bouncy balls just to pass time as a kid . 
  also 6 months of snowball wars . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not america . 
  but from this quality it 's impossible to tell for sure . 
  i do n't think the ones used by u.s military are the same that are used worldwide . 
  i know the u.s has some sort of low powered smoke grenades that barely let you know they went off . 
  the ones used in finland at least are real explosives , just much less than what normally would be . 
  you can definitely blow your hand off if you hang onto them . 
  they give you a rough idea of what a real grenade explosion would be without risking the lives of everyone on the range . 
  as someone else more knowledgeable in the u.s military pointed out their equipment makes it clear this is n't filmed in the u.s. 
  well the point is to simulate the real experience without the risk of losing lives . 
  afaik in basic training we never throw any `` real '' grenades unlike in the u.s. 
  this one has the threat factor just as much as the real grenade and teaches you to be careful , but if you do manage to fuck it up at least you 'll most likely live . 
  good thing i got it before going to bed ( different timezone ) . 
  it 's $ 20 now but it was $ 15 when i bought it . 
  ok so this is my first try at prison architect so i may be doing some major newbie mistakes . 
  please do n't focus on those , i like to figure out games on myself instead of looking up guides online . 
  however i 'm baffled right now , i thought i followed all the rules . 
  the cells are 3x2 and include toilets , beds and a jail door . 
  connected to both water and electricity . 
  what am i doing incorrectly ? 
  i even built an extra row of `` walls '' on top of the walls + doors i already built with no difference . 
  cod : uo is still the best cod out there and should run on your hardware . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's still a community for it but i recommend you check it out before purchasing ( unless it 's like $ 2 which i expect it to be ) . 
  yeah i just selected the entire space thinking the game would recognize the walls . 
  i 'll try selecting each one independently and see if that helps . 
  you mean over the wall , or just to the wall ? 
  yeah i had gaps in the wall but then i encountered this problem so i tried just building a straight wall `` over '' the doors and horizontal walls to see if that would fix it . 
   video formats do n't store whole frames . 
  they store the difference between two different frames . 
  that 's exactly how a correctly optimized gif works as well . 
  i do n't know if they patched this but 2 weeks ago me and my friend tried running next to each other to see if it really made a difference . 
  he has maxed stealth , i have 1 bar . 
  there was literally no difference . 
  the point of lounge is to be a circlejerk . 
  people do n't want any actual content to be behind a paywall . 
  thus the lounge has no posts with real information value . 
  you thought the point of gold was to get into the lounge ? 
  the lounge has always been a circlejerk for posting gold plated items . 
  people do n't want actual content behind paywall like lounge would be . 
  the real benefit of gold is having 100 subs on your frontpage . 
  it was the first building i built and worked fine . 
  since i 've expanded to having individual cells etc. 
  but i noticed my holding cells suddenly fail for not being an `` enclosed space '' . 
  i have n't touched them since the beginning and they look fine to me . 
  anyone know what 's causing this and how to fix it ? 
  e. ok deassigning and reassigning the room helped , but i 'm wondering what the cause was . 
  i know the game 's in alpha but i 'd like to avoid it in the future if possible . 
   in order to keep this functionality but remove the `` dead spying '' advantage , you could simply reduce the death cam time . 
  or have it freeze in time so you could see what happened/where that enemy was at the time of your death but would n't see what followed . 
  how is that not the point ? 
  were n't you complaining that the kid could be recognized from this pic ? 
  we tried all sorts of things with the same result, 
  yeah pretty much except it goes forward in time for about 1 second while you ragdoll etc. 
  and then freezes to your opponent . 
  close enough . 
  i remember seeing this original image on wikipedia ( it 's not on there anymore ) years ago with america as one big `` football '' . 
  i 'm guessing someone combined two different studies . 
  i 'm pretty sure most people understand being a special ops soldier is n't an easy job . 
  how is it embarassing ? 
  he was quoting someone else saying he would like to eat her pussy and responded i get enough of that at home . 
  where is the embarassment ? 
  where is the cringe ? 
  yeah but you do n't need visas in europe . 
  unless you 're american or chinese . 
  america and china do n't like treaties . 
  sounds like a reasonable response . 
  also the president of the u.s ! = mayor of toronto . 
  and this is coming from someone who 's neither american nor canadian . 
  it 's gimmicky and it has no games . 
  but no , let 's blame * marketing * . 
  holy shit that 's true . 
  i read 99 % of the articles from around 05 to 2010 . 
  i do n't think i 've even visited the site in 2 years , except for links from reddit comment sections . 
  it 's gimmicky to have a gimmick . 
   gimmicky is fine ( wii sold tons ) . 
  no , wii was shit as well . 
  sales do n't equal quality . 
  what does `` when playing with `` mp_forcecamera 2 '' '' mean in this context ? 
  what i 'm asking is , is this the new default in `` official '' competetive games ( found through matchmaking ) . 
  a controller the size of a hardcover book with a screen on it ? 
  same in finland . 
  my fridge even has a special shelf for eggs ( that i threw out because i 'm too lazy/don ' t see the point of removing them from the packaging ) . 
  at least it 's consistent . 
  that 's more important in an online fps than graphics . 
  stay pleb, 
  not shit a setting is in the settings . 
  i never would 've guessed . 
  the waking up part is cute . 
  the making love part is weird . 
  because every time you buy any pack you get shit . 
  do n't buy packs . 
  use the marketplace . 
  unless you want p2w in which case i ca n't help you . 
  beer ! = alcohol . 
  i do n't get a buzz from beer either . 
  i have when i was younger but these days it feels pointless to drink . 
  i like it inbetween stronger drinks though . 
  i mean the regular market beer ( 4,7 % where i live ) .
