  i feel like a first timer would probably be harder to talk into getting one than somebody that already has a lot of tattoos . 
  i do n't know about you but i would 've given anything for something interesting to happen when i visited zoos as a kid . 
  more confused on what subs had i subscribed to now, 
  who is this, 
  that `` article '' was written like a middle school essay . 
  i 'm not defending her at all , but that source is pretty bad . 
  you must be new here, 
  that 's some beautiful scenery and i applaud having the motivation to build your own house and see it through but god damn those american houses look so flimsy . 
  more like a shed than a real house . 
  everything 's just thin wood . 
   netflix 's instant watch, 
  as opposed to all the shows on netflix you have to wait until you can watch ? 
  yeah but all the streamers i 've ever watched brush it off like `` haha yeah . . thanks for the money '' . 
  they do n't just stare blankly at it . 
  also , those are like nigger nigger nigger messages , there is nothing offensive about this . 
  it 's not really fake . 
  it 's chargeback . 
  paypal allows you to cancel the transaction without even a real reason and for months after it happened . 
  nosleeptv had real issues with this when he was basically streaming for a living and suddenly he 's paypal would go - $ 400 etc. 
  it was n't even one big donation but series of smaller ones from months ago . 
  and this happened pretty often . 
  it does n't even help if you take the money out of paypal immidiately since you 're probably planning on using the service in the future for donations and those just get `` cancelled out '' by the negative balance . 
  got ta spend money to make money, 
  not sure if serious, 
  still not sure if this is some circlejerk meme or something i 'm not aware of . 
  you can turn them off by default . 
  i have n't seen an annotation in years . 
  then again a lot of people complain about youtube ads too so never overestimate people on the internet . 
  this video has been deleted for copyright issue , at the request of mind geek, 
  go to xvideos for more porn . 
  you 're right, 
  do n't forget to have a theme song played on the loudspeakers simultaneously, 
  gr8 b8 m8, 
  you need to be in human form for invasions/summon to work though . 
  i do n't think anyone mentioned that . 
  also if you do n't want to put points into faith there 's another way to get into sunbros , i saw you asking about that . 
  it 's not really a spoiler so i can tell you if you want to . 
  it 's for all summons yeah . 
  even the npc ones . 
  the area boss must also be alive for summons/invasions to work . 
  it 's not a story line thing . 
  yes some bosses have an npc summon though some require additional steps to unlock or are just hidden from plain view . 
  keep in mind summons increase boss hp ( i think it 's 50 % per summon ) so if you have a player already summoned it 's not always wise to include an npc . 
  you can join the sunbros as soon as you cross the bridge if you have 25 faith . 
  if you do n't it requires one additional step but that 's also possible to do as early as you 'd like . 
  also you do n't have to be a part of the sunbros to summon sunbros . 
  everyone can enlist their services , you only need to be a part if you want to be summoned as one ( and for certain covenant perks ) . 
  not really . 
  i 'm finnish but was an exchange student for a year in an american high school . 
  the amount of resources available was not different at all . 
  if anything my u.s. public school had nicer facilities . 
  the main difference was u.s. high school students are treated like children , it was like i was back in middle school . 
  also the ridiculous amount of homework that you 'd have to turn in and get graded . 
  we do n't turn in homework and it does n't get graded , it 's mostly there if you feel like you need extra practice . 
  even when it is mandatory you do n't lose points or anything like that if you get an answer wrong . 
  i do n't really understand why a system that works for ~ 1000 high schools could n't be scaled up to ~ 100,000 . 
  we 're not talking about one school that happens to work . 
  a system of 1000 schools already has to have basic fundamentals in place that are applied to different demographics in different environments from cities to rural areas . 
  it 's not just a fluke that these schools all around the nation seem to be doing their job so effectively . 
  i realize the challenges of a less homogeneous nation and i 'm not saying it could be copied 1:1 and work just as well but i just do n't understand the logic behind the statement that running 100,000 state schools is so much different from a 1000 schools . 
  seems to me like both would require a mix of independent decision making from school staff and overarching control and guidance from state officials . 
  it 's absolutely deep . 
  i mean i love dark souls . 
  i have hundreds of hours in it and i still find new things i did n't know about . 
  it 's a very deep game and despite the first impression that there is not a lot of story the lore is very extensive . 
  you just have to keep an eye out on details and if you 're interested in the game world i recommend you read all the item descriptions , even on items that seem mundane and self-explanatory . 
  a huge part of the game 's story is told in item descriptions and it let 's you understand the world a lot better . 
  i myself did n't play dks2 . 
  i did n't like the whole bait-n-switch they did with the developers , i did n't like many of the game mechanic decisions and i just felt like they missed what made dks1 my favourite game of the last console generation . 
  i fucking hate it when they cut it the middle of a set to some guy telling us how awesome it is . 
  we know . 
  that 's why we want to see the stage , not some random guy . 
  `` friend '', 
  looks good on anyone and requires close to zero effort, 
  also comfortable to work in so practical, 
  their songs have 62 million , 31 million , 18 million etc. 
  views on youtube . 
  just because you do n't like it does n't mean it 's not popular . 
  i enjoyed the set . 
  i wonder if the main stage crowd realizes much about anything at this point, 
  yeah it 's not bad but based on what i 've heard so far i would 've put it before hardwell . 
  in that spot it would 've been a good set before an amazing closing act . 
  now it seems kinda underwhelming . 
  i 've traveled across the atlantic quite a lot ( 12 times if i 'm not mistaken ) and i 've never paid for alcohol on such a flight . 
  as soon as i saw big guy vs little guy i knew the little guy was gon na win because otherwise it would n't have made the front page, 
  how come i 'm unable to find this in the vod https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqpgq4hguvs, 
  i thought it was right before dannic but i ended up watching the entire thing and still ca n't find it . 
  do you remember when it was ? 
  how come i 'm unable to find this in the vod https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqpgq4hguvs, 
  i thought it was right before dannic but i ended up watching the entire thing and still ca n't find it . 
  do you remember when it was ? 
  the nhl does that all the time . 
  i wish there was a separate live stream for the state of trance venue . 
  armin plays for 90 minutes , only 25 on main stream :( so many good artists missed completely :(, 
  that sucks . 
  well there will definitely be an audio recording and i guess the visuals will be better over at the main stage anyway . 
  since they obviously do have cameras there i guess they could release it afterwards when it does n't compete with the main stream anymore . 
  oh yeah thanks but i think i 'd rather watch the stream live and then listen to the asot audio recording later . 
  listening to recorded live sets is pretty usual for me but something like this is nice to see live when it 's actually happening . 
  it 's not just the effectiveness .
