  as a euro who has n't really been paying attention but watched the whole thing tonight i was shocked to see trump was the voice of reason . 
  but i 'll just take 3 glasses at once then, 
  yeah that stood out and also his view on foreign politics that emphasized bulding better relations with other countries to achieve goals through co-operation while the rest of the stage was going on about increasing the size of the military . 
  but individual countries/languages have recommended and/or correct usage . 
  nah it 's for gifs that have been cut down unreasonably much to make the 1mb size limit of tumblr, 
  typically a celebrity saying something lengthy which is subtitled but the actual gif only has 4-5 frames, 
  i did n't know pes was still a thing tbh . 
  glimmer cd + gg boots nerfed, 
  bloodseeker, 
  idk, 
  idk, 
  earthshaker, 
  none, 
  past jobs , hobbies , affiliations but mostly stupid teenage shit . 
  i never said it was a big deal but if i 'm not getting anything out of it i 'd rather not have it publicly available . 
  your argument is along the lines of `` if you have nothing to hide ... '' . 
  privacy should n't need justification . 
  they had 1 `` social media '' question and two `` light hearted '' questions at the end . 
  the thing lasted 3 hours , a little comical relief is allowed . 
  you mean like every candidate ever ? 
  i 'm not saying he 's some messenger from god with a perfect plan . 
   things got awkward and embarrassing for sure, 
  but that 's what made it so great . 
  one of the most succesful if not the most succesful football country in history being entirely humiliated at the world cup final in front of their own fans . 
  that 's amazing . 
  if it was some small country or not those huge numbers that made it embarrassing it would 've been just another game . 
  well most of the time they just run through the pitch and do n't cause any trouble other than being on the way for a few seconds before being escorted out so i can understand why they did n't expect him to attack the players . 
  and when i say escorted out i mean escorted out , not wrestled on to the ground and carried out . 
  during that jog when he slowed down after the initial sprint there must 've been moment where he thought `` oh shit this is a really dumb idea . 
  but i 'm already here so i have to go through with it '' . 
  i do n't see . 
  i 'm not protesting per se because i realize it 's pointless but i do n't see a reason to remove it either . 
  it was fun . 
  but why ? 
  why ? 
  that 's like the epitome of asking for it . 
  aim straight up , throw gun , purchase drop weapon , throw it , awp lands back to you, 
  because most people on here, 
  a. just look at pictures and do n't open comments, 
  b. do n't really care as long as the animal is cute, 
  he has feminine eyes, 
  more like people who do n't know how to make a damn hamburger . 
  a proper hamburger should be easily edible with your hands no problem . 
  i 've seen a lot of these restaurant burgers that i 'm sure taste good but they 'd simply be better served in a form different than burger . 
  oh look a guy bitching about a joke about americans thinking the u.s is the only nation to have banter aimed at them , how clever and unexpected . 
  the u.s is a popular topic on an american site where most users are american ? 
  no shit how did that happen ? 
  maybe venture outside reddit once ina while and you 'll notice all countries have characteristics that are made fun of . 
   otherwise it 's sad . 
  so mass messaging people twice a day to bait conversation is n't sad ? 
  i will never understand people who are annoyed by it . 
  is there any other logic behind it other than `` if i ca n't do that no one can '' ? 
  nooo do n't nerf lina, 
  seriously nobody though she was op before ti . 
  she even got nerfed last patch . 
  she just happens to thrive in the current meta because high hp heroes like axe and troll are n't picked anymore in favour of squishier carries that rely on agi/evasion/bkb / escape mechanics which do little against her . 
  if you nerf her now and the meta shifts again she 'll be absolute garbage, 
  yeah but rubick rarely has a timely bloodstone and bkb to carelessly spam all 4 spells simultaneously, 
  on a related note rubick ca n't have all 4 spells simultaneously which is kinda the point of lesh, 
   yes , his initiating power is still solid , but just about everything else has been crippled beyond belief . 
  playing batrider nowadays just feels idly waiting for the lasso cooldown so you can be relevant for 5 seconds, 
   lower the damage of lightning bolt . 
  i 'd rather see them lower the range than dmg tbh . 
  encouraging avoiding spells is a lot better for enjoyable game mechanics than making it less important whether or not it hits you imo, 
  while i agree that this is a much better metric than + / - i feel like the introduction of a new completely meaningless term `` corsi '' is unnecessary and if anything counterproductive . 
  just call it shot statistics or shot differential or something self-explanatory like that . 
  `` corsi '' sounds like a bad attempt at creating something to trademark . 
  i do n't understand why shots for/against needs either an acronym or some dude 's name . 
  we do n't call penalty minutes the domi index . 
  we call them penalty minutes . 
  more like less legit . 
  even the most casual fan who only watches hockey when his local team is in the finals can understand the importance of shot attemps for/against . 
  they would not bother googling for instructional gifs on how the corsi statistic is calculated . 
  i agree the slow is more important than the damage but i really think if we 're trying to figure out the problems and why he 's considered op right now the range has a lot to do with it . 
  when people get fucked by lesh they do n't ( in my experience ) say `` that slow effect is too much/lasts for too long '' they say `` how could he slow me from all the way over there '', 
  opinions can definitely be wrong . 
  if not they 'd be called facts and a fact is correct by definition . 
  because even if they do care about winning most players prefer their games to look halfway decent . 
  something like disabling shaders for less distraction is a long way from single colored walls and bright red opponents . 
  but single colored walls and bright red opponents definitely give an edge so people who like winning or even just competing with fair odds would be forced to use them thereby lowering the amount of enjoyment they get from playing, 
  if i knew my opponent was getting an unfair edge by choosing to use settings which would have a major negative impact in my enjoyment of the game if i did it myself i 'd just go play something else, 
  well technically they were . 
  it 's not like lans or online leagues allowed them and most servers would kick you for not having the correct textures . 
  because having hi-visibility models as default option would alienate new players and having hi-visibility models as a custom option would alienate new players who do n't like the idea of an opponent having an edge over you, 
  rubicks rarely put points into null field before the phase of the game where carries start to have their bkbs, 
  true but if you 're forcing a rubick to level up null field ( a skill the vast majority of rubick players first put a point into on lvl 10 ) and give up much of their early game harass/nuking potential your pick is already working to counter rubick , not the other way around, 
  a lot of `` new '' csgo players come from 1.6 and other competetive shooters and are already on le level . 
  also whether or not the difference actually has a big impact in a silver game is n't nearly as important as the perceived difference . 
  the `` oh come on that 's bullshit '' emotion is just as strong even if in reality you would 've lost the game anyway, 
  they 're not talking about quake . 
  they 're talking about bringing a feature from quake to csgo . 
  i do n't give a shit what happens in quake . 
   you 've obviously never even seen the game, 
  i played quake iii arena all the time on school computers in middle school . 
  stay home and play dotes, 
   it helps the site , and it makes you feel pretty good . 
  why would helping a site run by a billion dollar company make you feel good ? 
  serious question , not some / r/hailcorporate circlejerk . 
  i 'd understand if reddit was some small startup struggling with their server costs but it 's the total opposite . 
  it 's like donating money to microsoft or facebook or something .
