   because us police are more likely to resort to using their guns than german police, 
  because us criminals are more likely to resort to using their guns than german criminals . 
  i 'm not defending us cops and they definitely need to improve their ... everything but this is the main reason . 
  i do n't really understand what cheating on a 3rd grade history exam is doing on that list . 
  most of the people i know if not all have cheated in one exam or another . 
   how in the hell could he have called 911 with 1 hand - without noticing that he only had one arm, 
  you use your phone with two hands ? 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-avzd7whbche/ucd-rgjib7i/aaaaaaaaabe/jvlp_u3angi/s1600/old-man-cell-phone.jpg ), 
  i 've never heard of any of those . 
  please do n't interpret this as a statement about the quality of the webcomics , just an observation . 
  it 's rare to see such a long list of neverheards . 
  reading it for the first time . 
  i 'm not really finding it funny but for some reason i 'm in the 45th page so it ca n't be that bad . 
  / facep, 
  nowhere does it say they are head coaches . 
  depends what game mode you 're talking about . 
  in basic online games you have to play with the current rosters and you can decide who to scratch but that 's it . 
  in gm mode he could trade but who the fuck wants to play against the cpu and the gm connected is buggy as hell : /, 
  just wait until this kid realized he wo n't have to wait until nhl 14 , clowe is already in the rangers in nhl13 . 
  that accent is so weird . 
  he 's trying to sound like one of the newscasters from bbc world but he 's doing a terrible job at it . 
  half the time it does n't even sound like he 's speaking english . 
  i bet he 'd be more easy to understand if he just concentrated on speaking and not on his accent . 
  have you considered that maybe this nhl athlete has taken slashes to the knee before ? 
  no i 'm not saying it definitely was n't a dive , but i 'm not certain it was either . 
  i feel neutral about both of these teams so please do n't try any sort of fanboy comeback . 
  was that slash enough to knock a player off balance ? 
  is it possible he hit an already sore area with the slash and stralman actually was in a lot of pain and therefore could n't skate for a for seconds ? 
  yes i believe it is . 
  just because that slash alone did n't have the power behind it to knock a player over does n't necessarily mean it 's a dive . 
  there definitely shouldnt 've been a penalty but i 'm not outraged by the `` dive '' . 
  maybe he was laughing because the opposing player got a penalty ? 
  a lot of athletes of any sport have knee issues , i would almost say most do . 
  while that slash definitely did n't have the power behind it to knock a player over it 's totally possible it actually hit a sore spot and him falling down was n't `` diving '' but an honest tumble . 
  he was thinking `` oh shit i fell down in the middle of an important play '' and then the opponent gets called a penalty for nothing , i 'd laugh too . 
  now it 's totally possible that it was a dive too , but my point is it 's not a 100 % either way . 
  i downvoted him . 
  that was a bad call from the refs . 
  there should n't have been a 2 minute penalty . 
  but being the `` benefitter '' of a bad call is n't grounds for a fine . 
  that 's not how fighting in hockey works . 
  you ca n't just go beat up a guy who does n't want to fight . 
  or you can but you 'll probably get a long suspension . 
  this seems to be a very unpopular opinion on this thread but i 'm not a 100 % that was a dive , and much less a suspension worth dive . 
  i 'm willing to believe it 's ** possible ** that slash hit him in a sore spot or the `` funny bone '' as i believe you americans call it and he genuinely fell down or took an uncomfortable step . 
  now in no way am i saying that it was worth a 2 minute penalty but there 's a middle ground between a penalty and diving and it 's called falling down . 
  falling while ice skating does happen and does n't mean a penalty should be called on either team . 
  as for the laughing on the bench , i 'd laugh too if i just fell down in the middle of an important play and the refs called a penalty on the opponent . 
  it 's a `` wow i dodged a bullet '' laugh and not a `` i fooled them all '' laugh . 
  then again it 's also entirely possible that was a dive but my point is based on this video footage i do n't think you can make a 100 % certain conclusion and start fining or suspending people . 
  i think it 's even funnier when the road team `` scores '' a goal like this and there is no horn . 
  just silence . 
  and shame . 
  i really do n't like mike greenlay . 
  he makes so many mistakes which is understandable but i hate how he never corrects himself . 
  it 's ok to accidentally say the wrong name or penalty reason or whatever mistake in the heat of the moment but you only make it worse when you try to play it off like it never happened . 
  nobody would think he 's a worse announcer if he just said `` excuse me , ... '' once in a while . 
  i think quality is much more important than a 30 second delay . 
  then again i usually watch my games an hour late so i can fast forward all the commercial breaks so maybe i 'm biased . 
  i do n't know if they came up with it but i do know the law is enforced in many other states than florida . 
  and i agree it 's totally retarded . 
  news flash . 
  you can buy a phone from a store and use any carrier you want . 
  basically that you have the right to use `` force '' ( american word for guns ) in self-defense without trying to leave the scene first . 
  in states without it you ca n't just shoot somebody if retreat is a possibility but in `` stand your ground '' states you can `` defend your right '' to stand there . 
  i 'm paraphrasing of course but that 's the main point . 
  so basically it 's stupid cowboy shit that 's got more to do with `` principles '' than upholding a functioning society . 
  like many other american laws . 
  the lion king and mulan are still before it on my list of disney movies i have n't seen yet . 
  i watched that intro so many times, 
  unless you get some sort of bulk discount 28 grams would be 560 euros here . 
  she reminds me of tiffani thiessen, 
  so does the site ask you whether you have rape fantasies or do you get to write your own questions ? 
  we have `` american shelfs '' in many finnish supermarkets too and i can confirm they 're indeed the perfect stoners shelfs . 
  pop-tarts , reese 's cups , lucky charms , root beer , oreos , all kinds of pb . 
  it 's like heaven on earth . 
  too bad they cost ~ 3x what they would in the states but it 's still a nice addition to any store . 
  in finland the biggest ( or second biggest ? 
  idk , it 's about 50-50 ) chain of supermarkets started doing this around 2007ish and it 's been a success from what i 've heard . 
  i really loved it as i moved back from the states in 2008 and did n't have to give up all my new favourites . 
  the ability to buy simple root beer at a local grocery store is a game changer . 
  i have n't seen mac n cheese sold or eaten outside the us . 
  it 's a pretty gross food tbh . 
  where i live we have [ macaroni casserole ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macaroni_casserole ) to sort of replace mac n cheese and i have to say i prefer it as it has meat in it . 
  he meant black, 
  so because there 's a scientific explanation for it ... it should be ignored ? 
  that 's great logic . 
  yea but if you play any physical sport ( not soccer ) stitches are pretty regular . 
  they happen occasionally even without molesting a kid so that 's a pretty small price to pay . 
  yea but they wo n't get high either which is the point, 
   oh the fake x !, 
  that was hilarious . 
  as someone who lives in a country where it 's nearly impossible to get `` real '' x ( if it 's not total placebo it 's some sort of amphetamine-based shit ) it 's certainly not hilarious . 
  i like how you 're saying that like it 's socially acceptable to call gay people fags in our time . 
  e. i mean i agree with you , but maybe not the best example . 
  well not smarter than `` everyone else '' since they 're probably not alone in doing so but if i meet two people and one proclaims him/herself as religious i 'm going to assume he/she 's dumber than the other one . 
  profiling behaviour by socioeconomic status is very much science . 
  \\  watches tv shows according to a schedule, 
  that 's why you do n't accept your family on facebook , just friends .
