  so thank you agdq !, 
  i really would like that . 
  just to see which version is being played in case i did n't see the beginning/can ' t see the controller or it 's an emulator or something . 
  for example right now the schedule shows :, 
  which one is it ? 
  i do n't think it would require that much extra work to include to be honest . 
  i use 4 desktops or spaces or whatever they 're called . 
  i have certain apps assigned to certain desktops and use ctrl + 1-4 for switching between them . 
  couple times a day the desktops switch places . 
  they stay intact , meaning the same apps are still starting up with the other apps that are supposed to show up in the same desktop and the backgrounds stay the same , but the order changes . 
  it does n't really mess up ctrl + numbers ( except for the animation ) but ctrl + arrows is affected . 
  if i drag them to their original spots using mission control they work properly again . 
  i did a clean install probably 2 months ago . 
  i 'm running the latest mountain lion . 
  i do n't want to update to mavericks because in my experience updating is always a terrible idea and i should do a clean install ( which i just did like a week before the maverick announcement ) . 
  i never had this issue in older versions . 
  it 's not huge , i can deal with it , but it 's kinda silly so i 'd rather have it stop . 
  e. oh and i have n't been able to recreate it . 
  i 've tried dragging files , windows , smashing the buttons really fast , anything that i could imagine accidentally doing this and ca n't make it happen . 
  but it can easily happen by itself a dozen times in one day . 
  other days it does n't happen once . 
  i 'm sure plenty of you have though of this before , but i 'm just stunned why it 's not discussed more/something is n't done about it . 
  i do n't like the spell to begin with , but i can kinda understand why it exists to protect protoss in earlygame . 
  however it 's ridiculous that you ca n't beat it even by splitting up . 
  yesterday in the game with polt vs rain polt had about 10 marines and 2 widowmines out with a medivac and rain had 1 or 2 stalkers and the msc . 
  polt tried to split the protoss by pushing the natural with his marines and mine dropping the main at the same time . 
  what did rain do ? 
  casted photon overcharge on both nexuses . 
  the attack was over instantly with two clicks of the mouse . 
  in my mind that 's outright crazy . 
  the casters tried to play it off like `` he baited out two photon overcharges so he wo n't have one in some time '' but by the time polt replenished his army the msc already had energy for another photon overcharge . 
  why is something not done about this ? 
  one photon overcharge to protect the natural against marine pushes is fine , but the fact that you can protect both your bases with it since we all know how powerful a 2 base protoss can be . 
  i know this is already a circlejerk , but i 'd really like to hear if anyone has a suggestion why being able to cast two photon overcharges simultaneously is a good thing . 
  i have a lumia 920 with the latest updates . 
  i 've had it for over a year now , and during that year i 've slept in more than i ever used to . 
  each time that happened i never remembered hearing the alarm clock ( the built-in standard app ) but i figured i was just too tired and shut it off without remembering . 
  however today was the second time in recent history i woke up before my alarm , left my phone by the side of my bed ( without even touching it ) and when i came back hours later ( and hours after my alarm ) to retrieve it there was the regula `` dismiss/snooze '' alert on the screen , yet not a single sound was heard the entire day . 
  i definitely would 've heard it in the living room had it actually gone off when it was supposed to as my phone was only about 5 meters away . 
  i 'm sure this has happened before , but these two times were in the last 2 weeks or so ( after the black update ) and after i specifically started paying attention to this . 
  is this a known bug ? 
  anyone else experienced this ? 
  is there a fix ? 
  i 'm pretty sure if i took it to a repair service they 'd just reset it to factory settings and charge me 50 $, 
  what the title says , the live tile icon nor the marketplace itself has n't shown any app updates for at least 2 months now . 
  i 'm not sure if i 've enabled some sort of new auto-update though because all my apps seem to be up-to-date if i individually check them manually . 
  it 's not a real problem as everything seems to work , i 'm just worried because this is not what i 'm used to . 
  are all my apps really up to date ? 
  i 've never gotten my microsoft account ( from the days of msn messenger ) to really work properly . 
  it says there is an error when i try to put in the password in the settings yet i 'm able to use skydrive and buy apps etc. 
  and they show up on my microsoft account bill . 
  this is maybe because i never verified my `` alias '' ( an old e-mail i do n't have anymore ) . 
  i 've tried to enter new e-mails and i 've been able to but it still wants me to verify that one e-mail that i ca n't . 
  could this be related ? 
  anyone else not getting any updates ? 
  how should i go about fixing this ? 
  my phone is running lumia black . 
  i know range affects dmg , but is there a minimum damage value ? 
  can an ak headshot do less than 100 if you 're really , really far away ? 
  it blocks so much of the screen and serves no purpose . 
  we can see the supply/minerals just fine normally with the transparent background . 
  i do n't understand why dh decided this was a good idea . 
  and i beat them alone !, 
  i 'm trying to play as blind as possible but this sub ( and the 9000 soapstone messages telling me i need humanity ) had me believing it was almost impossible to take them on alone . 
  so for anyone else scared shitless of this fight like i was : it 's totally doable , even if you 're on your first playthrough . 
  [ spoiler  ( / s `` just bring the fast one down as quickly as possible . 
  the fat guy is really , really easy once he 's alone . 
  he only hit me once during the entire fight , and despite having only 18 vitality it did less than 50 % of my hp . '' ), 
  so i took a few months off starcraft . 
  now i started playing again and after winning my first game blizzard placed me in silver of all places . 
  i got promoted to gold after 2nd match but after that it 's been a long grind of boring victories . 
  these have n't been tight matches that felt good winning , they 're 8 minutes of me out-macroing my opponent and crushing him with twice the supply . 
  i think dropping me 3 leagues for not playing for a few months seems a bit harsh , especially when promoting does n't seem to work nearly as quick . 
  i want to play against worthy opponents again . 
  this does n't feel like the game adjusting my league to take into account the downtime , it feels like the game punishing me for not playing . 
  proof that i 'm not talking completely out of my ass :, 
  i do n't know if the glance feature works differently on different phones but at least on the 920 it 's absolutely clear it has nothing to do with the screen . 
  you can wave your hand like crazy on the bottom 3/4 of the phone and it does n't do anything . 
  place a finger even near the front camera/proximity sensor and it triggers the glance immidiately . 
  especially when talking about the 930 i 've read on this sub countless times that it does n't support glance ** because of its amoled screen ** , yet the 925 also has an amoled screen and that phone supports glance . 
  is this just a common misconception or am i missing something ? 
  what it says on the title . 
  of course i could drop an item to a friend and he could drop it back to me but with the level ranges it 'd require both of us to have like 5 characters on the correct levels to get it to a brand new character . 
  is there any other way ? 
  i tried googling before posting but most of the threads were years old and had exploits that have since been patched . 
  i do n't care if it 's a `` legit '' way or a glitch . 
  i 've spent the last week perfecting my sl11 character . 
  right now it 's pretty strong ( i 've practically cleared the game solo ) . 
  really i did this because i love doing co-op , and with the xbox version coming free i figured there 's bound to be people looking to co-op . 
  so , if you need help anywhere in the game or are just looking for jolly co-op leave a comment or send me a msg or a friend invite ( gt : nappalive ) . 
  i usually play a few hours every day . 
  between matches they discuss mathes/show highligts so football for 9-12 hours straight , every day for a month . 
  and because i 'm european i can afford to stay home and watch it all . 
  so common sense dictates that the more you use a device , the faster it 'll break . 
  whether it 's a tv or a monitor or any sort of screen it has a range of `` expected lifespan '' or `` service life '' , usually measured in total usage instead of the age of the product . 
  so my question is : is using the `` glance '' equivelant to having the screen lit up regularly ? 
  if i enable the `` always show glance screen while recharging '' option , is that like having the screen always on while it 's recharging ? 
  because my phone is connected to a charget a lot ( usually 12-20hrs a day ) and the option to always show glance can be kinda useful at times , but if the stress it puts on the equipment is anywhere close to having the screen lit 12 hours extra on top of my regular use it 's definitely not worth it . 
  i 'm not looking to replace my phone for years . 
  i could finally afford a nice phone , i 'd like to keep using it for a long time .
