  the better question is why on earth would you not have quick cast for blink dagger . 
  literally shooting yourself in the foot . 
  us homes are also built like utter shit compared to the rest of the developed world . 
  you still build wooden houses for god 's sake . 
  could it be related to this ? 
  i know the title says us english but the video talks a lot about british english as well . 
  well 12k on pc few months afrer release is pretty much dead for a game its budget . 
  bf3 has comprable numbers almost 5 years later . 
  the effectiveness of shitty image compression . 
  why are you implying that i do watch it ? 
  yeah but you have pretty much the most hurricanes of any nation . 
  except they do n't work `` just fine '' , they hold very little heat in the winter and are prone to multitude of problems starting from basic structural integrity . 
  you just have lowered standards because like you said the vast majority of houses in the us are wooden and you 're used to making do . 
  i most certainly am not . 
  the only real advantage wood has as a material is that it 's cheap . 
  but the gameplay is what looks worst of all in every video we 've seen so far . 
  do n't forget introducing bullet spongy enemies that take literally entire magazines to kill . 
  it could be ok if it was like space aliens or something but when it 's hooded street thugs that take 20 shots to kill it really kills the vibe . 
  not to mention the engagements seem to have all the strategical depth of a dungeon crawler . 
  you expect a pseudo-mmo lootfest to have a more well developed story and missions than a single player campaign by rockstar ? 
   fancy ui, 
  way too busy for my taste tbh, 
  tlou on ps4 looks way better than the op video and it 's a fucking remastered ps3 title . 
  sounds like you chose a wrong way to play the game . 
  i killed maybe 10 % at most of the enemies i encountered and playing stealthy did n't get boring in the time it took to complete the story . 
  how the fuck do you think you 're qualified to comment on the gameplay aspect of a game you have n't even played yourself ? 
  majority of pc gamers ? 
  that being said not everyone who has multiple monitors cares about customizable ui . 
  maybe you should n't say stupid shit then . 
  gameplay is 90 % responsiveness and intuitiveness of input , something you have no clue about if you just watched someone else play . 
  i do n't care if it 's on ultra . 
  i said tlou looks better than op 's video , not that tlou looks better than the division . 
  he answered this [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/42cllg/i_am_astronaut_scott_kelly_currently_spending_a/cz9bwae ) . 
   sleeping here is harder here in space than on a bed because the sleep position here is the same position throughout the day . 
  you do n't ever get that sense of gratifying relaxation here that you do on earth after a long day at work . 
  yes , there are humming noises on station that affect my sleep , so i wear ear plugs to bag . 
  on the contrary it 's much more meaningful to compare something we have actually seen than something that does n't even exist yet . 
  yeah and you 'd cast it faster than you do now with quick cast . 
  being better than noobs does n't mean you should n't aim to improve yourself . 
  because i 'm not here to convince you tlou is a good game . 
  i 'm here to point out that your contribution to the conversation is worthless and you should stop it . 
  i know even you did n't actually think this was a good metaphor , did you ? 
  i 'm here to point out that your contribution to the conversation is worthless and you should stop it . 
  sex , alcohol , an igloo and an internet connection . 
  what else do you need ? 
  yeah that guy more than likely has a concussion . 
  i played it for like a 125 hours on release ( on top of 75hrs of singleplayer before gtao came out ) but 95 % of the time was with friends . 
  a hundred hours in a sandbox with friends and voip is really nothing . 
  if i had to play the game alone ( which i would n't recommend to anyone ) i probably would 've grown tired of the content it had to offer in 10 hours or less . 
  the missions were ok but there were so few of them you had to replay them dozens of times to level up until the next one and the other activities were mostly shit . 
  sounds kinda gay if you ask me, 
  heists did n't exist back when i played it but some of the missions especially once you got like lvl 50 + were fairly lenghty . 
  you clearly do n't play a wide variety of games if 3rd person shooter automatically means chest-high walls to you . 
  besides it 's not the inclusion of cover mechanics that looks crappy . 
  if anything they should have more of that as the game does n't even have a stealth mechanic as it stands . 
  it 's the spongy enemies and the total lack of strategy and tactics in the fights that bothers people . 
  in the original videos it was portrayed much closer to survival shooter games . 
  even in gtao pve and pvp enemies go down with a few hits and that game does n't even try to advertise itself as a serious strategic shooter . 
  in that xkcd it says, 
   the space station has n't escaped earth 's gravity at all ; it 's experiencing about 90 % the pull that we feel on the surface . 
  however in the videos the astronauts are floating around in what is practically zero gravity or close to it . 
  is it caused by the speed somehow or what ? 
   also i can see why they wanted it banned . 
  a ton of pseudo sexual and sexual content . 
  tons of maturation talk and such . 
  why would you appear in the film in the first place if you did n't want to be seen in it ? 
  it does n't look like it paid good money . 
   idk why you put it in quotation marks, 
  because as you said something like removing statistics probably does n't help it at all yet blizzard time and time again used it as reasoning whenever they made unwanted changes or removed or hid features those of us who do n't even know what `` ladder anxiety '' is supposed to feel like had grown to appreciate . 
  but why ? 
  seems like an odd thing to do as a favor , appearing in a film you do n't want anyone to see you in . 
  there are multiple ways to play it . 
  you apparently picked one you did n't enjoy = you picked the wrong way for yourself . 
  ebin trole account you have zozzle, 
  biggest problems with it are the apparent lack of ssd ( vital ) , amd processor ( do n't buy anything amd , not because intel/nvidia is a better company or anything but because amd is being forced off the market and their drivers are shit ) and obviously being prebuilt . 
  same gpu , equivalent intel cpu , add ssd amd preferably double ram to 16 and it 's a fine pc . 
  nah dude i responded to you seriously then i glimpsed at your profile history and saw a 14 year old who visited / r/4chan one too many times and now considers himself an internet cool cat with the dankest memes and has forgotten any other way to act . 
  either you did n't know blur gets disabled by nearby enemies or that buffs are displayed over the hp bar . 
  no need to thank me, 
  see this, 
   you can even stick it exclusively on one screen, 
  makes me feel like we 're not talking about the same thing . 
  i do n't have a problem with the health bar etc. 
  i have a problem with the overlay that pops up over every enemy and every time you use abilities etc. 
  those `` cool '' digital lines everywhere \u00e0 la watch dogs . 
  all the visual clutter everywhere is what makes the ui look like shit and i doubt that stuff can be moved to another screen . 
  it 's called world war 2 because there was another one before it, 
  here 's hitler dancing if it makes you feel any better http://i.imgur.com/bpkhpcc.gif, 
  what is peace bloom supposed to remind ? 
  but it 's also ableism and a serious trigger . 
  ok but what 's the `` bad '' meaning that forced the change ? 
  who cares ? 
  it 's not like it fuels the flames or he could stop the fire if he was n't taking a picture . 
  why do you have facebook friends that are n't actual friends ? 
  so what ? 
  i enjoy my comfy low stress lifestyle . 
  just because you think the purpose of life is to succeed and earn material goods does n't mean everyone else has to live like you as well . 
  i also do n't agree with the people who think we should whitewash and deny the existence of stoner lifestyle because `` it does n't look good '' . 
   incorrectly, 
  george costanza dot jaypeg,
