  to me that looks like a pretty average gta session as long as the player is n't trying the game for the first time . 
  is this really `` high level '' gta ? 
  because if so i 'm feeling really confident in my `` crew '' once gtao comes out since this is what an average chase looks like when i play with my friends , and none of us consider ourselves to be especially good players . 
  play tdm, 
  what stick ? 
  why is everyone taking this as an insult or something ? 
  i 'm just surprised this is considered something special when it looks like an average gta run . 
  with nice scenery etc. 
  for sure so it 's not a bad video , just nothing i 've never seen before . 
  if anything i 'm glad this is the reception it got since it seems like it 's gon na be hunting season once gtao opens . 
  yesterday i learnt some people actually play the game with aim assist and now this ? 
  i 'm excited !, 
  i 've played it for about 60 hours . 
  i definitely did n't mean it as an insult . 
  the guy did n't `` suck '' . 
  it was just ... regular gta . 
  that 's what it looks like when someone plays gta . 
  it was n't gta pushed to the limits or anything like that . 
  the landscapes made it a nice video even for those who do n't own the game or know the fine details so it 's not a bad video , i just never expected this sort of reaction to his `` playing skills '' which to me seem like a good player but nothing extraordinary . 
  if i saw my buddy do exactly what happened in that video i 'd say `` haha cool chase '' not `` omg the best playing i 've ever seen '' . 
  besides he uses franklin , that driving specialty is so op . 
  why does the vodka look like milk ? 
  it should n't be though . 
  i 'd happily swap out half the processing power to double the battery life . 
  they just do n't make those phones any more . 
  seems all the less powerful ones have a smaller battery as well . 
  my phone from a decade ago would have a battery life of 3 weeks . 
  you 'd think with the huge advancements to all the other components they 'd improve the batteries as well . 
  besides i ca n't get 8 hours of heavy usage out of my 920 . 
  it 's more like 4-5 hours of heavy usage ( non-stop internet browsing ) or 2-3 hours of really heavy ( non-stop 720p streaming ) . 
  just because the competitors are doing just as shitty of a job with battery life does n't mean it should just be quietly accepted . 
  i would n't but that 's not fair . 
  they had phones with 2 '' screens and more than double the battery life a decade ago . 
  technology has come a long way in every other aspect . 
  my nokia 6310i from ** 2002 ** had a 1100 mah battery . 
  1100 mah to power the ~ 100mhz cpu ( it 's hard to find specific information via google ) and the 1.8 '' 96 x 60 pixel screen . 
  my lumia 920 ten years later has a 2000 mah battery to power the dualcore 1.5 ghz cpu and a 4.5 '' 720p screen . 
  does this sound logical to you ? 
  does that sound like good product design ? 
  to me it does n't . 
  that 's like taking a fiat , installing a 1000hp engine into it and barely touching the transmission or the brakes or the suspension . 
  you ca n't just ramp up the power and not worry about the source of that power . 
  the quality is so terrible you ca n't tell the difference between game graphics and cctv . 
  that 's not the logic that was in question . 
  of course that 's what happens . 
  the question was why is there not more emphasis on developing batteries ? 
  you 'd think it was one of those things that could win the entire phone market on your side . 
  these days people seem to have just accepted that phone batteries are shit , just look at this thread . 
  half the posts are `` well other phones are just as bad ... '', 
  if someone released a phone with more or less today 's specs and a battery life of 3-4 days i 'd pay anything for that no matter which os it ran or if it looked funny or was only sold in pink . 
  it 'd be a huge win for any company that could come up with one . 
   but those are n't reliable ( some surnames may sound irish but are actually english and vice versa ), 
  that 's what i 'd call `` close enough '' . 
  it 's not like he 's mixing spanish with swedish . 
  i know . 
  i agree . 
  i only switched to touch screens last december because i did n't want to give up qwerty keyboards . 
  it 's not as good . 
  i did n't expect it to be . 
  however having the entire phone dedicated to the screen does allow for a lot more opportunities . 
  it 's a trade off . 
  this concept however has half the size of the phone dedicated to the keyboard ( downside of physical keyboards ) and a flat keyboard that does n't look very accurate ( downside of touch screen phones ) . 
  the game was designed to use the old hardware to its limits . 
  that 's the reason for the whole `` install disc 1 do n't install disc 2 '' . 
  gtav is optimized so that not only does it use the full speed of the disc drive or the full speed of the hdd , it uses both . 
  by combining the two they 're able to get it to run on such old hardware . 
  if you install both discs to hdd , or digitally download the game so that it 's entirely on your hdd the game suffers extremely as you cut almost half the read speed capacity away . 
  that 's how you get things like this video or op 's pic . 
  i have n't had any issues with pop in since i did what rockstar adviced . 
   may have been an elaborate pr stunt, 
  meh , just speculation . 
  i 'll continue believing . 
  besides who the fuck takes kids that age to taco bell ? 
  or any fast food joint . 
  they 're still the age you can make them eat anything you want and what 's good for them and you feed them taco bell ? 
  like they 're not going to eat enough of that shit once they 're teenagers and have their own money . 
  i do n't think it 's under * rated * , it 's just not very well known . 
  everyone i know who 's seen the movie loved it but surprisingly few have seen it considering the all star cast . 
  i saw it in the theaters and loved it and it was actually one of the very few ( like ~ 3 ) movies i ever bought on dvd . 
  i 've seen it a dozen times and still love it . 
  it 's definitely one of my go to movies if people want to watch a really good movie that 's still not too deep or artsy etc. 
  i love `` showing it '' to people who have n't experienced it before . 
  what ? 
  insomnia is a masterpiece . 
  better than any of the batman movies and i loved the batman movies . 
  it was an okay action movie . 
  it was n't something i 'd show my kids 30 years from now but it was entertaining . 
  there are just so many kinda like it but that also make you think which is why it falls into the endless mediocre category . 
  arriving into theaters late is a common thing where you live ? 
  the theater i go to maybe lets you in during the first 5 minutes but after that the doors are closed . 
  and i 'm glad . 
  i have a similiar issue but it 's a bit of a problem and i think that 's because i 've seen too many movies . 
  unless i 'm watching some artsy `` mindfuck '' movie ( and i absolutely love those types of movies for this very reason ) i always end up predicting pretty much what happens and that ruins the fun for people who are n't as familiar with movie tropes . 
  especially with my ex-girlfriend , she would always ask stuff like `` why are they going to x '' and i 'd respond with `` to talk to y so he would team up against z and could go back to a to kill b '' . 
  then 30 minutes later `` why did you have to spoil that '' . 
  i did n't know anything , i was working off of what we had both seen but `` knowing '' movies helps a lot . 
  or ruins the fun depending on your point of view . 
  i remember one time a girl walked out on a date with me because i `` was an asshole '' for predicting the ending to her favourite movie 15 minutes in . 
  in my defense i did it as a joke , i did n't know romantic comedies were actually * that * cliche . 
  i consider myself approximately as good as this guy .
