  this seems like a paused image from a super slow-mo cam . 
  not really perfect timing . 
  how do you know it 's just one less math course ? 
  you said one extra class . 
  i have to complete around 15-20 extra classes ( depending on which ones i pick ) . 
  maybe i 'm `` disgusting '' but i really do n't think this is that bad . 
  it 's stuff the company owns but decides is n't needed so they give it to a charity . 
  a person working for the company wants it in their office , thus it is needed and wo n't be given to charity . 
  it 's the company 's stuff after all , that 's what differentiates it from all these `` donation boxes '' where customers put their money and the boss takes it . 
  the company could just not donate any of that stuff at all and nobody would call it `` disgusting '' . 
  a pallet minus one item is better than no pallet . 
  there 's a difference between `` with some extra sauce please '' and `` i want extra sauce last time i did n't get it even though i asked extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra '', 
  yeah the boobs look like owen , the face does n't . 
  which is why you keep cheap liquor as close to freezing point as possible, 
  well to be honest while i do n't agree or sympathize with the guy in the picture that is a terrible top5 list, 
   i fucking hate the division of casual and hardcore gamers . 
  casual and hardcore gamers maybe but casual and hardcore games is a real thing . 
  it should n't be treated as an insult . 
  some games are more casual than others . 
  it 's not necessarily a bad thing . 
   all of those games she mentioned are fantastic . 
  more like decent . 
  definitely not top 5 material . 
  maybe if those are the only games you 've played . 
  then again he did ask for '' ** your ** top5 '' and not top 5 overall . 
  i only drink vodka and rum but both of those can freeze in my freezer if they 're on the bottom . 
  that 's why i keep them in the top compartment and they taste great . 
  40 % alcohol freezes at -27 c iirc, 
  they 're not terrible games . 
  they 're excellent games , they 're just not `` top5 '' games . 
  gow3 is just another gow , probably no explanation needed . 
  bioshock infinite had a nice story but the gameplay was lacking . 
  skyrim was a mile wide and an inch deep with broken mechanics and boring gameplay , the only good thing about that game was the scenery . 
  red dead redemption was probably the best out of these games , though it could 've used more variety . 
  wind waker is pretty good too , but nothing spectacular . 
  still , i 'd recommend any of them except for skyrim so i 'm definitely not saying they are n't good games . 
  but you need more than `` good '' to be top5 . 
  my top5 ? 
  rainbow six 3 : raven shield, 
  starcraft 2, 
  one of the battlefield games ( bf2 or 1942 or bc2 difficult choice ), 
  dark souls or super mario bros 3, 
  not necessarily in order and i 'm probably forgetting something . 
  also i was born in 1990 so i 'm not going to list older games that i know are good but have n't been that `` important '' to me . 
  oh shit rome total war . 
  i 've re-installed that game probably 7 times . 
  absolutely love it . 
  take a pic . 
  taste the food . 
  if it 's good post the pic without teethmarks . 
  that 's just a badly configured router . 
  if you know anything about computers ( which i assume a person hired to do the wiring at a gaming house does ) you could easily configure the router in a way that having four people stream netflix would have zero effect on the fifth guy 's game . 
  with sufficient bandwidth of course . 
  exactly . 
  there 's nothing worse than pressuring a guy high for the first time . 
  even a question like `` are you high yet ? '', 
  can be annoying and make the experience less enjoyable as a whole . 
  just let them enjoy it in peace and discuss it afterwards . 
  this is simply not correct . 
  most countries put the euro symbol after the number . 
  afaik pounds and dollars are the only ones that go in the front . 
  and the countries that used to put the symbol in front before euros . 
  it does n't just look like max payne 3 . 
  it is ( based on ) max payne 3 's combat engine . 
  rockstar said this themselves . 
  garfield sucks so much even [ garfield without garfield ] ( http://garfieldminusgarfield.net/ ) is better . 
  i do n't think the bruins planned on signing him for that long . 
  when you want to sign the hottest goaltender of last season you have to make some compromises . 
  they probably tried to with no success . 
  think of it as a 4 year deal with 4 years of extra salary . 
  that 's what happens when you sign a player who played like rask . 
  or , you know , just have your own computer ? 
  and i will buy both !, 
  because the last 30 seconds of a 5 minute 3rd period are actually 1/10th of the period which is equivelant to 2 minutes in real hockey . 
  best ufc knockout of all time : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xa6vj9_aderson-silvads-vs-forrest-griffin_sport#.ueftwvo7mkc, 
  i just rewatched jurassic park after having last seen it as a kid . 
  what confused me was that the first time they showed a dinosaur ( the large vegetarian one ) it looked like crap . 
  the rest of the dinosaurs in the movie looked great . 
  it just seemed odd especially when they hold out on showing the dinosaurs until a while into the movie and then the first one they show is the worst looking one in it . 
   dutch guy here : it 's literally the only thing we use inches for . 
  everything is in centimeters except for the size of a monitor/tv . 
  monitors and car/bike tires and rims . 
  at least in finland . 
  i believe those are just sleeves that go over the case so there might still be marty under it . 
  or whatever the actual cover is in finland ( in the past we 've had a finnish nhl player ), 
   the blame falls on goldegl just as much as it falls on the redditor who posted the info . 
  well i would n't say that . 
  more like 30/70 . 
  but if it has spawned a passionate fanbase is it really shit ? 
   at 25 i still managed to shit the bed, 
  is there an age where `` shitting the bed '' is considered normal ? 
  i know a lot of people accidentally pee in their bed as kids but take a dump ? 
  your story made me think two thoughts . 
  that 's really stupid, 
  why is it that i can instantly tell this happened in america ? 
  once ? 
  i do this about once a month . 
  cooking oil and dish soap is the best cure . 
  something to do with capsaicin being fat soluble and the dish soap gets rid of the oil . 
  it is n't regenning while it 's under attack .
