  see that 's exactly what makes it an american law . 
  it 's `` logical '' yet it has no concern to the social effects or the people involved . 
  yes , picture of a naked minor are child porn . 
  sending a text message can be considered as circulating . 
  european cultures would be more concerned with `` why is she taking these pictures and what should we do to stop this ? '' . 
  it would n't go to court , it would be a child services thing at most . 
  americans freak out because technically it 's very illegal and put the 16 year old in jail or some list that 's gon na hurt her employment for the rest of her life . 
  despite the fact that nobody got hurt . 
  that 's why it 's `` an american law '' . 
  it was n't organized crime selling teen wives or some guy locking up toddlers in his basement like what child porn laws are designed for . 
  it just technically fit the description . 
  i do n't have to talk about groups or values or societal norms when i talk about laws . 
  i do n't need to know what every single person thinks to have an opinion on a law . 
  of course not everyone agrees with it , does n't make the law any more retarded . 
  i posted this in response to someone else , but it applies here as well . 
   see that 's exactly what makes it an american law . 
  it 's `` logical '' yet it has no concern to the social effects or the people involved . 
   yes , picture of a naked minor are child porn . 
  sending a text message can be considered as circulating . 
   european cultures would be more concerned with `` why is she taking these pictures and what should we do to stop this ? '' . 
  it would n't go to court , it would be a child services thing at most . 
  americans freak out because technically it 's very illegal and put the 16 year old in jail or some list that 's gon na hurt her employment for the rest of her life . 
  despite the fact that nobody got hurt . 
  that 's why it 's `` an american law '' . 
  it was n't organized crime selling teen wives or some guy locking up toddlers in his basement like what child porn laws are designed for . 
  it just technically fit the description . 
  same here . 
  i 'm glad i stayed with my last phone for 5 + years . 
  i fiddled around with my friends ' smartphones ever since the first iphone but they always felt like work in progress . 
  i 'm not saying the 920 or wp8 is perfect because it is n't , but i consider it a good time to buy another phone for 5 years . 
  already it 's been 8 months and a superior phone has n't come out , that 's pretty rare in any field of modern technology . 
  i think that was the first time his name was mentioned . 
  did n't vince gilligan say something about every fan hating walt by the time he 's finished ? 
  i do n't know what would make the fanbase more angry than killing jesse . 
   i do n't think you can call someone who orders people dead a mass murder . 
  the law disagrees with you . 
  season 2 ?? 
  every time i read a reference like this it simply stuns me how many years it has been . 
  i would 've guessed season 4 or something . 
  $ 50 million losses for the entire operation . 
  not 50mil for lydia . 
  or downloadable on the internet 15 minutes after it airs in full 5.1 hd, 
  i do n't hate skyler because she fucked ted . 
  i could n't care less about ted . 
  i hate skyler because she 's the one annoying and boring thing about the show . 
  in season 5 it has n't been a big deal anymore but seasons 2 & 3 ? 
  half of the airtime was skyler and her skyler problems , which i absolutely did n't give a shit about . 
  i understand it affects walt but i honestly feel they overdid it . 
  luckily everything else about the show was as amazing as well know it to be so i never stopped watching it , but skyler is absolutely the # 1 i would 've stopped if i had . 
  but just because marie is unlikeable that does n't make skyler any more likeable . 
  it 's the round windows . 
  this is one stereotype i do n't get . 
  vapes ** are not ** cost-effective . 
  i own one , a quality one . 
  my friends own pretty much everything in the market ( volcano , silver surfer , mflb , arizer solo , arizer extreme q , iolite . . ) so i have very extensive knowledge and experience when it comes to vaping . 
  it 's great , it 's fun , it gets you buzzed without feeling ( as ) stoned , but it does not decrease your consumption . 
  if anything it doubles it . 
  every time i see dabs or even a video of people doing them or just people talking about dabs i get this junkie stereotype in my head . 
  it 's weird because i 've been smoking for a long time and tried all kinds of drugs and really the only people i associate with `` junkies '' are meth and heroin addicts . 
  but there 's just something about dabs . 
  it makes regular weed smokers sound and act almost like meth addicts . 
  i do n't agree . 
  i prefer cold turkey . 
  just go for a week or two or a month without smoking any and it feels just like it used to . 
  it does n't have to be zero tolerance , if you 're offered a hit at a party i say go for it . 
  as long as you do n't get your own weed it should be fine . 
   maybe yahoo just has some idiots writing their preseason rankings . 
  just maybe, 
  wow i always thought `` another wonderful life '' was a sequel and contemplated on buying it for a long time . 
  now that i google it it was apparently just the same game with a female lead . 
  good thing i did n't waste my money on it . 
  back then you could n't did n't just buy games every other day . 
  oh no not the high capacity mags . 
  that one 's truly a deal breaker when i 'm looking for a place to live in . 
  it 's not the graphics i care about , but the 24 vs 64, 
  having multiple games available without switching discs ? 
  has this been confirmed ? 
  dark brown if not black . 
  i know how to use a vaporizer . 
  that is an extremely american way of looking at things , just what i was talking about above . 
  and i do n't mean american as a bad thing , it 's just a cultural difference . 
  you people view the law or even life in general as some sort of game . 
  it 's all exact rules and technicalities . 
  you 're entire legal system is a game . 
  you can murder someone , have concrete proof of it brought to light and still get away because of a tehcnicality . 
  it makes for very entertaining news stories , but it 's a silly way to run a country . 
  i do n't know about the history of oregonian lawmaking but almost every other country to this date uses a system much more open to `` interpretation '' than the u.s. and we get along just fine . 
  i 'm sorry it did n't work in oregon , but that does n't mean it ca n't work anywhere . 
  this `` law is the law '' mentality is the # 1 reason you americans are ridiculed abroard , although it 's not always obvious even to the person bashing u.s. 
  however it lays the foundation to almost every aspect of your culture , sometimes much to our amusement . 
   you can play d3 for several months before it gets boring, 
   blackening it ( ie charring it ) is actually taking it too far . 
  i know it is . 
  i just like to make sure i do n't leave anything behind . 
  my experience is contrary to just about everyone else on r/trees . 
  i 've noticed that . 
  however it 's similiar to just about everyone i know irl . 
  i do n't know if it 's the weed or the way you smoke your weed ( no tobacco ) or something that makes smoking such a `` wasteful '' method in your experience . 
  i doubt there 's any difference in the way we vape . 
  i smoke 0.2-0 .3 g of weed and i 'm high for ~ 2,5 hours .
