  women do n't . 
  itt people who 've been staring at shampoo bottles and the like their entire lives and never wondered what the `` 12m '' symbol that 's on every one meant . 
  / r/blackpeopletwitter is basically just / r/me _ irl with captions, 
  becoz she in da public transportation niggaaa : ddd do n't you know the meeems, 
  you do n't need the world 's best schooling , opportunities or experiences for that . 
  when hunting season started in michigan half the guys wore camo to school . 
  or i should say the week after the season started since for the first week they were all just absent . 
  i guess they went hunting right after school because we regularly had announcements about proper storing of your weapon in the principals office instead of leaving them in their cars . 
  nah smoking a joint sounds like it 'd take too long and just get wet . 
  i just like to take one or two rips from a bong . 
  whoever posted this has never done acid, 
   marketed for hardcore gamers, 
  like i said , kids . 
   because it 's one of the most precise mice on the market, 
  do you even know which sensor the g502 has or are you just reading the text on the packaging ? 
  i actually do know and can tell you it is not the most precise mouse on the market , not by a long shot . 
  `` fruit diluted '' vodka sounds pretty much like a drink to me . 
  are you seriously quoting dpi figures to compare sensors ? 
  you do realize that 's like comparing cameras by megapixels ? 
  just because the game is n't trying to be `` the next bejeweled '' ( wow , when did this become a milestone for games to reach ) does n't mean it 's not shit when it 's shit . 
  it 's still shit no matter what it tries . 
  it would be decent as a free flash game but to ask real money for it is unacceptable . 
   i also removed as much players as i could remember that have already been on a cover . 
  but this has never been any sort of rule for any of the ea sports games so why did you feel like enforcing it ? 
  wait why is `` theunderboob '' a community for 3 years bigger than `` underboob '' a community for 6 years which i 've been a part of for probably 5 ? 
  i feel kinda dirty if i switch camps now, 
  there is no such thing as a sens too low, 
  overwatch does n't prove shit either . 
  that 's why they require a number of people to check `` evidence beyond a doubt '' before giving a one week ban . 
   some of us are socially awkward creatures and just want to slay in isolation . 
  yeah and you have the option . 
  you 'll suffer a minor xp debuff but you have the option . 
  stop demanding everything should be suited exactly for your needs because you 're an aspie who ca n't find a fucking online friend to play diablo with . 
  sounds like the definition of good sens, 
  sweden taught me all the `` beta '' and `` cuck '' stereotypes a long time ago in the 80s and 90s before this shit became mainstream on the internet . 
  sweden really has been the sjw paradise for probably half a century . 
  if playing a video game in itself is n't fun for you and you consider it `` unviable '' because some numbers then you 're doing video games wrong in the first place . 
  tbh i do n't give a fuck about the size of the debuff . 
  it 's a game designed for 4 players . 
  you should be thankful it 's even possible to play it solo . 
  yet miraculously i have hundreds of hours in the game and none of it solo or in public parties . 
  no i think you got it backwards . 
  i 'm satisfied with the current situation . 
  thus meems, 
  i 'm 24 and when * i * was growing up it was shit we dealt with when both mom and dad were too busy to cook . 
  a treat was when dad made lasagna from scracth . 
  same in finland . 
  very rare to see a man working the register but it 's always men in the kitchen . 
  i got ta hand it to you that 's some real dedication if you 're still trying to make comparisons to d2 . 
  most of us stopped in 2012 . 
   if people wanted to be forced to play in parties they would play a mmorpg or moba . 
  a. nobody 's forcing anybody . 
  solo play is still an option, 
  b. how is squad based co-op focused action rpg less `` if people wanted to play in parties '' material than mmorpgs or mobas ? 
  well , narurally, 
  she 's paid to be, 
  this is the sort of thing that was probably really cringe if you were there but for the random observer it just looks like regular e3, 
  i 'm sure the processing power of those 20 `` servers '' ( no pcs minds you ) is purely dedicated on a single player at each moment, 
  well the same applies for pretty much anything , does n't it ? 
  the car with the bigger engine or more horsepower is n't definitely better or even faster . 
  the more expensive shoes migh be of lesser build quality . 
  speakers peak wattage or camera 's megapixels rarely tell much yet the numbers are almost always in bold letters on the box . 
  `` you wo n't have enough plugs for all fans '', 
  my motherboard has separate plugs for 3 case fans and 1 cpu fan . 
  i did n't even have to use the additional ones the case came with . 
  afaik it 's not too common to have 4 or more case fans . 
  what you do is you plug in the power button wire and leave the rest dangling in the case #noledmasterrace, 
  anele, 
  this might as well have been a text post , you ca n't even see the ball, 
  because audioscrobbler was the original software/site that got bought out by/merged with last.fm when it started gaining popularity . 
  til last.fm ever had other features than statistics . 
  i used it from ~ 2004 ( originally as ) to 2011 and it was always strictly a site for comparing your music stats with your friends . 
  i love how the site has exclusively pictures of black people then in the `` about us '' section it states, 
   we have a diverse student body, 
  also keep in mind black people can be racist towards other black people . 
  why does he keep switching lanes to the right only to have to switch again 30 seconds later because of other cars ? 
  i thought on an autobahn the faster you go the further left you were supposed to stay . 
  congratulations on getting a decade old game run on high graphics, 
  i do n't know if it was but shit like this is really common in the kpop scene where the `` idols '' are basically in character 24/7 . 
  they stumble around and do silly stupid little girl things constantly to keep up their appearances . 
  go to 4chan and select any other board than / b /, 
   her pr team has actually done a decent job of getting most of them off line . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  it takes 5 seconds with google and no prior knowledge to find the pics . 
  literally the first result . 
  but hl2 being extremely dated has nothing to do with the graphics . 
  it 's the fact that most of the game is a gimmick . 
  a tech demo . 
  the gravity puzzles and mechanics were amazing when realistic physics were a new thing . 
  now we have free games with better physics engines . 
  without the wow factor of the physics it 's just a collection of extremely mediocre shooting and driving sections . 
  i honestly do n't think hl2 is worth the time any more , not even for free . 
  so edgy, 
  yeah but there 's like 4 lanes minimum at all times . 
  i understand leaving the leftmost lane open in case someone wants to overtake him but he keep going all the way to the right instead of staying in the middle or the second most left lane . 
  at 240 kph it would seem pretty reasonable to expect to overtake more people than who overtake you . 
  those links are about american highways which is a completely different scenario since there 's a speed limit most people aim for . 
  works totally fine , chrome win 8.1, 
  s2 is supposed to have less input lag than s1 [ source ] ( http://www.dota2.com/reborn/part3 ), 
  whether that 's actually the case i have no clue because i do n't see the point of playing betas .
