  yeah in finnish it 's called a `` double v '' ( tuplavee ) as well . 
  yeah you just need the texture . 
  the salt itself does nothing . 
  i had totally forgotten how annoying this guy was to listen to . 
  i bet he masturbates to himself talking . 
  4 minutes into the video and the he 's still talking about nothing but himself . 
   i do n't think the kind of people who frequent this sub court death in any way other than voyeuristic . 
  i would n't make assumptions like that . 
   sir/ma ` am, 
  the most shocking thing about that article to me was that apparently the average american daily calorie intake is 3,700, 
  well he must be a comedic character , right ? 
  that 's what i figured watching the video . 
  it 's like a sketch character . 
  or background noise ? 
  who the fuck puts on an episode of wire without a 100 % focus ? 
  i use firefox too but you got it totally backwards . 
  chrome uses less resources , firefox has more customization options ( and thus more features ) . 
  they 're both totally fine though . 
  if i 'm not home i do n't care which one i use . 
  but on my own computer firefox lets me reach that customized perfection with about 15 addons and other tweaks that chrome just would n't allow . 
  if you just compare the two `` vanilla '' chrome might be a bit better though . 
  yeah google has always been mozilla 's main funder , mainly because before the release of chrome it was the biggest competitor to ie alongside opera and both of those used google as their default search engine compared to ie and msn/bing . 
  except firefox is still riddled with ram leaks and after having the browser open for a day it can easily hog multiple gigabytes just for a few tabs . 
  not to mention the shitty adobe flash it uses compares to chrome 's own . 
  it 's quite astounding really . 
  i 've been using firefox since it was called firebird and back then memory leaks were the biggest issue . 
  10 years later and they still are . 
  well she posted this [ on her official twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/missemmaglover/status/309966522288308224 ) so i doubt it . 
  it 's just the robe . 
  [ this is apparently the original video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsx4gfo2s8c ), 
  same in [ glorious 1080p ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afp71xwli8y ), 
  play more ? 
   totally true that there 's no new info in it really, 
  well i do n't think anyone was expecting new original research done for the show . 
  just that it would be a bit less `` elementary school '' and more in-depth . 
  i 'd love to listen to neil degrasse tyson explain real science but i guess he 's doing good work getting kids interested in science as well . 
  maybe it 's the microphone but those switches do n't sound any louder than my browns . 
  i 've heard loud as fuck blues though . 
  yeah have some class while commenting on a nude pic of his girlfriend this guy is sharing with the rest of the world, 
  these boobs deserve better lighting and photography, 
  if your total wins are 50m and total losses 49.970 m someone could technically say you 've won 50m playing poker . 
  that fact that people are arguing whether it 's legal or not is enough for me, 
  most things in life do n't have 100 % right and wrong answers . 
  getting hit by a ball when you 're expecting it and prepared and getting hit when you assume the play to be dead are two very different things . 
  even when players do expect it they occasionally get injured by balls to the head . 
  or break wrists . 
  it 's not a coincidence the receipt in the picture says `` 2004 '', 
  it was also a great sub . 
  oh ok makes sense , thanks . 
  small local breweries existed though . 
  yeah and i would 've upvoted this even if the title was `` my friend made this amazing splicer mask '' . 
  i do n't think you understood my point, 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pygn1y4.jpg ) is still my all time favourite post from that sub, 
  ten years ago a phone with a color screen was impressive . 
  do n't underestimate technology . 
  because '' / s '' is n't a `` say stupid shit and still get upvoted '' get out of jail free card . 
  starting to believe it ? 
  how deep in denial do you have to be to even consider the possibility that they are real ? 
  i 'm still here though , so it 's not a complaint . 
  lol the guy drinking his piss, 
   seeing other people does n't intrinsically diminish the value of your relationship, 
  yes it does . 
  source : not a priest from the 1500s, 
  it 's really hard to pick `` the best one '' . 
  i 've watched them all at least 5 times and i ca n't name a favourite . 
  even the steve carrell one gets funnier once you 've seen the others since you `` get it '' . 
  i know this sub loves these `` car pretending to be other car '' posts but this actually looks pretty nice in my opinion . 
  audi does n't have a monopoly on black stripes . 
  does n't look half bad, 
   the mob is no better than the man they are torturing for stealing . 
  i would argue setting someone on fire and throwing bricks at their face is worse than stealing, 
   says he 's going to rub one out in case i wan na get in on it, 
  the way this was worded is just brilliant, 
  how is that not a dip, 
   dips are appropriate in contexts that pizza is n't . 
  i ca n't think of a context in which dips would be appropriate but pizza is n't . 
   plus i think i 'd prefer a soft pizza base to crunchy garlic bread . 
  but that 's exactly what makes this different from a regular pizza, 
  interesting considering that was my only comment on this post, 
  apparently he did get 2 minutes for roughing . 
  i disagree . 
  i think it looks better than this car would without it . 
  small pizza pieces can definitely be an appetizer . 
  i do n't think this dip is a terrible idea , in fact i 'm interested in trying it out . 
  i just ca n't fathom a situation in which pizza would n't be `` appropriate '' but dipping bread in a bowl of molted cheese would be . 
  i could mainly see this served at a party with a sporting event or a movie or something . 
   as someone who has put in over 1000 hours , i recommend saving it unless you feel the absolute need to get it for your new favorite weapon . 
  i 'm in no rush , i just google 'd a bit and it sounded like it 's next to impossible to get these without paying . 
  as someone who 's played for over 1000 hours how often have you gotten these ? 
  the blueprint , the cell , everything ? 
  i do n't need an accurate figure just an estimation if you 've gotten a total of 3 or 30 . 
  i know what he said . 
  i did n't argue with him , i just took it one step further . 
  does n't luddism mean fear of ( new ) technology ? 
  this is the first i 'm hearing of the whole nfc issue but googling the first few articles seem to claim they are boycotting apple pay/google wallet not because they do n't want nfc , but because they want their own nfc . 
  that 's not really fear of technology is it ? 
  you mean f * cked ? 
  you mean f * cking jeremy wray ? 
  you mean crazy as f * ck ? 
  i grew up in the 90s and everyone had a phone at 9 years old .
