  you do n't need luck . 
  just do n't add parents and relatives in facebook . 
  it 's called `` friends '' for a reason . 
  why ? 
  the fact that you call a sport like american football which is 100 % about strategy and team coordination `` dumb '' leads me to believe you actually have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  i like soccer , i like american football ( i love hockey ) , but out of all the sports i watch american football is the one that involves most brainwork . 
  really ? 
  i do n't know if i 've seen too many adviceanimals and got desensitized to the shitty grammar but i did n't even have to look at this twice , thought it was very clear what op wanted to say . 
  parents being upset over you not answering makes you an asshole ? 
  i do n't think a non-disclosure agreement holds much weight if you 're about to die anyway, 
  thanks for making me open it again to stare at a guy 's asshole . 
  `` i do n't add any family on facebook '', 
  you 're welcome, 
   most team sports require a lot of strategy and coordination ; football is by no means special in that regard . 
  sports are n't just about the players . 
  in american football the coaching staff has a much much bigger role than in most team sports . 
  in any sport the coaches try to get their players to follow orders but in soccer for example it 's just a general guideline where as in american football almost every step they take is coordinated . 
  that 's why they stop the play every 10 seconds . 
  think of set pieces in soccer . 
  teams often have very specific plans for set pieces that they 've practiced over and over again . 
  american football is like 60 minutes of set pieces . 
  no it does n't because it 's like `` nothing personal '' . 
  it 's not that i do n't want to add * you * , it 's just a rule i have not to add any family members . 
  well you would n't invite your aunt to a night out with friends either , right ? 
  it 's nothing different . 
  how much for tomb raider ? 
  e. how about tomb raider + biocock ? 
  it does n't hurt to be prepared for -10 to -15 even in the south though . 
  it 's not like it 's rare for temperatures to go down especially during the night . 
  is n't carb that air-hole that lets you empty the bong ? 
  i do n't get the advice . 
  his parents are upset he did n't answer his phone while he was driving . 
  the reason his parents tried to call him was that his sister had been in a traffic accident . 
  i know in the u.s they teach high school kids like we treat middle school kids . 
  close to no freedom , strict schedules , things like detention , mandatory attendance etc. 
  source : studied in two american high schools, 
  both schools i went to had very strict discipline . 
  from basic stuff like checking your home work ( in finland it 's rarely mandatory and even when it is it 's often not enforced outside larger projects ) to stupid stuff like `` you 're 10 seconds late , go back to the office and wait 15 minutes for a tardy pass before attending the class '' . 
  not to mention i got in trouble twice for correcting teachers . 
  in a manner i found to be respectful , but apparently there is no such thing as correcting your teacher respectfully in the u.s. respecting authority is more important than being correct . 
  reactions to phones/sleeping in class/fucking around vary by teacher , but the rule of thumb in finland is `` if you 're not bothering anyone else go ahead '' . 
  in the u.s. there was discipline for the sake of discipline . 
  in finnish high schools you 're encouraged to start a discussion with the teacher , i 've often seen teachers delighted by someone correcting them/forcing them to check their facts because it shows interest in the subject . 
  we pick classes like in college , forming our own schedules which can vary greatly ( i had a year where i did n't go to school before noon ) . 
  while classes usually have a limited number of absences it 's far from the u.s version of mandatory attendance . 
  if you skip too many classes or do other stupid stuff the worst penalty you can get is failing that class . 
  there is no detention or other forms of punishment because they 're seen as childish . 
  a high school student is a young adult , teaching them responsibility for their own studies and the role of high school as preparing you to college is often emphasized . 
  instead of forcing you to comply the idea that `` you 're only hurting yourself '' is the main motivator for showing up to class . 
  it 's not all high school 's fault though . 
  with as little bias as i can i 'd say the `` level '' of information taught in american high school is often times closer to our middle school so you got ta wonder how the american elementary and middle schools differ . 
  i left finland after 1st year of high school and outside of classes like american history and `` small business management '' / `` personal finance '' ( great classes btw ) we only handled subjects i was already fully familiar with . 
  i took senior calculus ( the hardest non-mandatory math class offered in our school that was n't organized by the local community college ) , and while definitely the hardest class i attended i still had learnt all the subjects during my 1st year of finnish high school math . 
  i did n't even take chemistry , biology and some other subjects on my first year of finnish high school , but i still knew all the topics of my u.s bio and chemisty classes from my finnish middle school classes . 
  i think it 's because in finland you 're only required 9 years of school , so they 've crammed the `` what everybody should know '' to 9 years , where as in the u.s. you have to attend high school so they 've stretched the same info to 12 years . 
  our 2nd and 3rd year of high school are somewhere closer to your first year of college but without a clear major . 
  americans/american media often talks about the `` culture shock '' of college where as for us it feels very much like high school just with even more freedom . 
  i 'd estimate around the 2nd year of college is when the u.s students catch up . 
  good things about u.s schools ? 
  a good variety in classes . 
  in finland i 'd get to have a bigger impact in my schedule , but the classes are more tied to tratitional subjects . 
  there 's only 2 required classes of history , yet my high school diploma lists 8 completed history classes because i love history . 
  however in the u.s. 
  i was able to attend such classes as `` typing class '' , `` parenting class '' , `` yearbook '' ( graphic design 101 basically ) and other such classes not as serious , but useful skills nevertheless . 
  they 're also good for morale which is crucial seeing as almost everyone had 8 hour days . 
  while we have government studies in finland that teach the basics of law it 's nothing like the mock trials we orchestrated in my law class . 
  which brings me to another thing the u.s does better , hands-on teaching/learning . 
  in finnish physics we 'd calculate highly theoretical assignments with scientific calculators . 
  in u.s. physics class we 'd shoot a potato cannon and stage a contest for building a bridge with the highest load capacity using a certain set of materials . 
  creating a yearbook and seeing it go through the process of printing etc. 
  and people actually paying money for it made you pay a lot more attention to details than you would on some regular assignment that nobody 's going to see except you and the teacher . 
  things like that can create memories that stick with you for years instead of being just another class . 
  ** tl ; dr ** americans treat high school kids as kids , not young adults . 
  pretty much this . 
  my parents were out of town , best friend came over , brought some weed along with him as he had tried it before and when he told me about it i was interested . 
  we smoked some , made popcorn and watched the movie mean girls . 
  5 minutes in i started feeling the effects , started wondering `` is this normal '' like many first timers do , looked over to my friend who was laughing his ass off eating full handfuls of popcorn . 
  i decided it was normal . 
  anyone know the name of the girl on top in the middle ? 
  movie is called spandex loads 8, 
  what i do n't understand is why ca n't i disable the `` see translation '' . 
  99 % of my friends are finnish . 
  99 % of the posts are in finnish . 
  i speak finnish . 
  i do n't need the `` see translate '' after every single finnish status update or comment . 
  it 's not a big deal , but it does add a useless extra line of text every 3 or 4 lines . 
  even if it did n't waste space i would n't want it because the translations are never correct and i only press it by accident . 
  my os is in english , my browser is in english , i registered when finnish was n't even an option so i know all the menus etc. 
  in english . 
  i do n't want to use finnish facebook . 
  i do n't want to use translated versions of any web page or software . 
  they show `` wrestling '' in sports channels where you live ? 
  probably every keyboard you 've ever used , at least if they were made in the 21st century . 
  especially if you like laptops , i do n't think there 's a single laptop out there with a mechanical keyboard . 
  i realize it 's a facebook setting . 
  it 's very common for people to use facebook and other sites in english even if it is n't their native language . 
  the content , the menus and the features are designed in english then translated later on to finnish . 
  you 're much more likely to find misleading text or just strange choices of wording if you 're using a translated version of any webpage or software . 
  it 's also nicer to stick to a single language when working on a computer . 
  i know i could get ms office etc.
