  now all you need to do is select the `` insane mode '' or whatever and play through it again, 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  i 've never ever lost to computer in nhl 11 or 12 . 
  i do n't play otp though , is it different ? 
  no you got it all wrong . 
  you push their top scorer into the goalie while tapping y. 
  if done correctly the contact counts as challenging/accepting to fight on his part even if you 're the one who actually started it . 
  you can even take manual control of the goalie and skate into an opponent and it counts as a challenge to fight from them . 
  it helps if you can turn right before the impact so you get hit in the back/side . 
  also challenge small guys that are standing next to big guys . 
  if you get lucky the big guy will protect the smaller guy thus automatically starting a fight . 
  i win about 95 % of fights online or offline so i 've spent a lot of time learning to trick opponents into fighting . 
  classy pizzerias with quality ingredients and pizzas like this are very popular in some places . 
  a friend of a friend owns/helped start up one that has turned into a small chain ( 7 places now ) due to the popularity . 
  that 's awesome, 
  mine too yay, 
  not calling yourself sexygamergurl is hiding your gender ? 
  why is there so little of her on google ? 
  yeah i just noticed it . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen it for the first time before too though . 
  you know how it is . 
  it 's not so much an urge as a slip, 
  i just joined the first one that i ran into . 
  i 'm still not sure if this means i wo n't get to do the other missions but it 's not like i 'm running out of things to do . 
  would n't be the first idiot fanboy, 
  in finland the disney magazine that almost every kid reads is called aku ankka ( donald duck ) . 
  mickey is a side character . 
  i 'm pretty sure everyone i know hates mickey . 
  donald is the shit . 
  we also have pocket books and other magazines and publications for donald . 
  nothing for mickey except maybe some special `` detective '' magazine once a year or some shit . 
  got any more pictures of yourself because of the angle etc ? 
  i played original bo for about 35 hours . 
  after the map packs came out i gave it a new change and now i 'm at 185 hours or something . 
  the map packs are much more worth the money than the game itself . 
  the new maps are so much better . 
  yeah that does suck . 
  although i did recognize them all :p, 
  e. except that one but it looks like it sucks, 
  i do n't think the 4th was as bad as people say . 
  i 'm talking about the unrated version not the pg13 without even his catchphrase, 
  i enjoyed die hard 4 a lot more than the new indiana jones . 
  sure it is n't better than the old ones but i did n't expect it to be . 
  that is if you have safesearch on . 
  which you should n't have of course . 
  back when this picture and joke was new you could find it with any settings . 
  gta 4 is by far the best game . 
  but you ca n't beat the atmosphere of vice city . 
  for me it 's really hard to pick favourites . 
  i 've played all of the 3d gta 's at least three times . 
  love them all . 
  i have and i had never heard of gamersgate, 
  i must ask ; when is the last time you played gta3 ? 
  because i actually installed it ~ 6 months back and played it about halfway . 
  it was garbage . 
  sorry but it just was . 
  sure it was a great game back in 2001 but it did n't really entertain anymore and there were so many little things they later learned to fix in sandbox games . 
  yes it 's a significant game . 
  no it 's not a good game anymore . 
  in comparison right after i stopped gta iii i reinstalled san andreas and that i played all the way through because it was still fun , even with the same engine as gta iii . 
  graphics had little to do with 3 's bad aging . 
  today you learned that a marriage ring goes in the left hand ? 
  what are you , 10 ? 
   the best part was realizing that all my redditor friends had discovered these pictures but could n't admit that they browsed r/jailbait so said nothing . 
  wait what ? 
  i talk about jailbait with my friends all the time . 
  and i 'm usually not even the one starting those conversations . 
  but the rim barely moves . 
  certainly not enough to launch the ball at that speed . 
  well i 'm not american and have never heard of any other place for a wedding ring than the left hand ring finger, 
  e . in some orthodox christian countries , the wedding ring is worn on the ring finger of the right hand . 
  this is all i could find on wikipedia, 
  i 'm not married and do n't really care but this is something most people learn before kindergarten . 
  it 's not important , but i ca n't imagine how someone could not know this . 
  even accidentally you must 've heard about it somewhere . 
  i 'd still like to know if he bases that solely on nostalgic memories, 
   something can be against the rules / law and still be the right thing to do . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  only in america did people have problems understanding this . 
  i 'm actually not just hating on america but i have lived around the world and i 'm being serious , in america people value rules and laws way too much compared to any other place in the world . 
  no it was n't . 
  sure it was more over the top than gta 4 but it was n't more fun . 
  the `` realism '' is what made gta4 so much fun for me . 
  like running into people . 
  it did n't use to be fun at all in the older gta games , they 'd fall and there would be some blood . 
  but now suddenly you can slow-mo it and everyone flies differently in a `` realistic '' fashion and gets bent around poles or hanging from trees etc. 
  sure san andreas had jetpacks and dildos for weapons but there 's so much unscripted and unexpected shit going on in gta4 that it stays enjoyable even after time . 
  it 's not like the friends and family of the people killed do n't know about the shooting until they see it on reddit . 
  i do n't see what his ethnicity has to do with protecting his identity . 
  i 'm also interested as to which special forces his dad was in . 
  people who have n't bought the game yet wo n't care, 
  i have no idea who asian annie is but she sounds like a horrible character, 
  it 's also fun to wear sunglasses/colored glasses while smoking and then removing them after a while, 
  skiing goggles work great if you smoke in a chairlift ( which is awesome by the way ), 
  i 've never had a problem with my mouth tasting like toothpaste for the entire day . 
  maybe like for 10 minutes after brushing . 
  i did n't . 
  contrary to popular belief it does n't suck . 
  that face with the pasted stoner eyes is so scary,
