  i highly discourage you from getting the official one . 
  i 've had 1 and my friend had 1 and both were fucking crap . 
  kept disconnecting mid-game even though my laptop gets full bars in the same room . 
  so if you name him zelda does it automatically switch to the harder quest or is there like a choice ? 
  i did n't know the difference was that that significant . 
  but could n't you argue that one of the reasons the pool has always been so small is because women have lesser chances of succeeding ? 
  lol the though of an asian hitting someone and it actually hurting, 
  why in the world would an african-american family name their kid rilla ? 
  i mean it 's like a perfect setup for racist bullying all through grade school , you do n't even need any imagination !, 
  yeah, 
  too, 
  a few years ago this girl came over and wanted to watch the movie notebook . 
  after about 10-15 minutes i jokingly guessed `` i bet this and this will happed and in the end he 'll turn out to be him and she her etc. '' . 
  she got super pissed and stormed out because i `` ruined it '' , apparently i had been right about everything . 
  have n't seen her since or bothered to finish the movie . 
  do n't regret either . 
  yeah she did get increasingly sexy during dexter but at the same time inceasingly annoying . 
  i 'll gladly trade off some eye candy to avoid the `` ffs stfu '' rages while watching dexter, 
   you could , but that would be wild speculation, 
  well is anything in this thread more than that ? 
  and what do you mean `` before they try '' ? 
  do you think someone out there actually keeps score how many women have tried to learn to play chess with their friends or family etc. 
  it did before it was peeled, 
  yeah because the only reason you take a picture of a gross maggot inside a fruit and share it for lulz is to gain imaginary internet points and lenghten your virtual penis, 
  i only live once and i 'm already over a quarter way done so i 'm not going to waste these precious few years thinking about what 's good for someone else . 
  so yeah , i 'm all me me me but at least i 'm honest about it . 
  that 's good , right ? 
  i think for a news channel to have a segment about the noisiness of sunchips bag is a bit pointless as well, 
  i hate her but i still would n't mind being her, 
  well who has n't `` received death threats '' in this day and age . 
  i bet someone commented on the video something like `` if i ever saw her i 'd suffocate her with my dick '' and then moved on to related videos . 
  news stations just like to make things sounds more serious than they are, 
  yeah because they came to her house and forced her to sing every single one of those lyrics . 
  besides how was that a scam ? 
  well there 's an example link in that message , also here 's a quote from the [ faq ] ( http://www.reddit.com/help/faq#howisasubmissionsscoredetermined ), 
  * a submission 's score is simply the number of upvotes minus the number of downvotes . 
  if five users like the submission and three users do n't it will have a score of 2 . 
  please note that the vote numbers are not `` real '' numbers , they have been `` fuzzed '' to prevent spam bots etc. 
  so taking the above example , if five users upvoted the submission , and three users downvote it , the upvote/downvote numbers may say 23 upvotes and 21 downvotes , or 12 upvotes , and 10 downvotes . 
  the points score is correct , but the vote totals are `` fuzzed '' . 
  also sentences for everything are much longer than in most other western countries . 
  even if the u.s only convicted the same amount of people per year as , say europe , there would still be many more inmates . 
  it 's propably not that short of a time . 
  at least that water bottle ejaculation thing is months old ( yes , even the verdict ), 
  so you 're saying they 're a scam because in your mind she should n't have become popular even though she actually did , and all because of the lyrics and voice effects ( courtesy of the company ) . 
  you , sir , make no sense . 
  the video was clearly internet gold the first time i saw it , and instant internet gold makes people famous . 
  they told her she would become famous . 
  they produced her song in a way that 's sure to become a hit on the intenet . 
  how in the world can you think that 's a scam ? 
  the only thing you 're basing that argument on is that you do n't think they deserved to get famous . 
  which matters absolutely fuck all . 
   if she played sports and people were shouting `` go rilla !, 
  lol 'd, 
  you were very clear . 
  being clear does n't mean you make any sense . 
  she was promised fame , she got fame . 
  how is that a fraud ? 
  you never explained that to me . 
  everybody asks this question at some point . 
  i do n't know, 
  yeah well that or a t-break, 
  well i just had 2,5 days `` break '' but a friend called me up to play nhl and brought a bong with him . 
  what am i supposed to do ? 
  how about over 100 million views on youtube ? 
  i think that qualifies as internet gold . 
  the vid was taken down at one point btw, 
  i have the small ical thingy on my dashboard . 
  i do n't think hitting f4 or using expose is that much harder than clicking the date . 
  then again that option would n't hurt either . 
  often . 
  not always, 
  i have no clue, 
  i know , i was n't arguing a lot of it was n't somehow based or related to real life events . 
  just pointing out that not everything is . 
  no you do n't but people are asking tons of questions ( 2139 comments as of now ) and since op 's answers to questions always get voted up ... well yeah you can probably figure it out, 
  nice work dude . 
  i recommend you post it to [ r/stonerengineering ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/stonerengineering/ ), 
  i do n't get it . 
  if the outer container is filled with tubing then where does the water go ? 
  just in between ? 
  also , is n't there a pretty big risk of the freezing water cracking the tubes ? 
  that looks sweet . 
  so neat and clean for something self-engineered . 
  shit . 
  i need to get a project like this of my own . 
  0.9 for vaporizers pffft nigga please, 
  i 'd like to remind everyone of [ this ] ( http://potimages.com/data/media/8/universal_420_highness_chart.png ), 
  `` oh you ! '', 
  britfags i have a question for you . 
  i 've seen about 10-20 articles that prove this guy is a douchebag and nothing positive ( and not on reddit alone ) . 
  so then how did he get elected ? 
  did he promise to cure cancer or something ? 
  well , not really . 
  the incident happened in january 2010 . 
  he was convicted in february ( 2011 ) and sentenced in april 2011 . 
  all the did this week was figure out the exact amount he has to pay . 
  all these dates are from [ the article itself ] ( http://www.ktla.com/news/landing/ktla-man-arrested-ejaculating-water-bottle,0,2014924.story ), 
  that was the fucking stupidest and most sensationalist news story i 've probably ever seen . 
  i watched cartoons with quicksand traps when i was a kid and played with my toys in the sand box yet i never though to suffocate myself .
