  i do n't know why you would be downvoted . 
  a lot of people do think csgo needs an equivalent to icefrog/david kim . 
  brazil . 
  where off-duty cops gun down dangerous criminals and on-duty cops engage in armed robbery . 
  / r/girlsfinishingthejob, 
   t. means `` source '' in finnish, 
  it means `` regards '' . 
  like you 'd put in the end of a letter, 
   i feel like i 'd only build that if i needed to hide my weed smoking from someone , but if i can build it it means i own the house . 
  pretty much this . 
  just open a window and smoke in any room if you own your own place . 
  the smell lasts a few hours at most . 
  it could easily be a bit for a sketch comedy show . 
  do you really need to `` trick '' her naked if you two are in a relationship ? 
  then you 've probably never seen european sketch comedy shows . 
  i 'm not saying it 's fake . 
  i 'm simply saying there is a scenario where someone would have a reason to act out something like this which is what he was questioning . 
  well i have n't seen sketch comedy shows from every single country in europe but can say that all of northern europe loves `` dark '' comedy with themes like suicide not being out of their grasp . 
  it 's pretty difficult to find them with eng subs but this youtube channel has some https://www.youtube.com/user/reksavideos/videos, 
  i 'm sure you can ask sites like / int / for more . 
  because the store buys the cards at a certain rate one point in time and keeps them on the shelves for a longer period of time and also probably are n't interested in tinkering with the price cosntantly so they 'll just play it safe and round it up a bit since exchange rates fluctuate all the time . 
   the cost of living is also higher in australia, 
  yeah but the us is pretty unique with its average income and cost of living . 
  just look at pretty much any western european country . 
  lower average income than the us but higher cost of living than the us . 
  does n't make much sense comparing yourself only to the extreme that is the us . 
  you 're paying ~ 1 usd extra for these cards , steam prices in eur are often +10 % compared to the usd exchange rate . 
  well that sure is a foolproof way to avoid breaking up . 
  so in other words treat all americans like you 'd treat children ? 
  got it . 
  he 's also bad according to every other site that discusses pro dota . 
   the sad part is that if some new super good casters ( or old casters improved their game ) popped onto the scene with strong analysis and great hype/play by plays , they 'd instantly be able to get a lot of attention and love from dota fans, 
  i read this 3 times and ca n't understand what you think is `` sad '' about it, 
  i 'd gladly imagine a ti without tobi . 
  this is an absolute shitpost, 
  i know people with internet that fast at home . 
  i personally pay only 19.90 $ a month for a little under half that speed . 
  it 's not * that * special in 2015 . 
   because wca was a joke in itself , a big shitshow . 
  but the games were n't a joke . 
  if you did n't read reddit or other sites and just watched the games there 'd be nothing to separate them from any other high tier tournament and that 's what i personally care about tbh . 
  well the players certainly took it seriously, 
  but philosopher 's stone was a thing long before harry potter https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/philosopher%27s_stone . 
  it 's not a word the publisher invented . 
  sorcerer 's stone does n't mean anything . 
  techies ? 
  i for one welcome icefrog making these shit heroes unviable . 
  jugg next please . 
  also keep in mind that this high north the `` barrier '' between day and night is n't nearly as stark as in the gif . 
  even when the sun does set and there 's no direct sunlight it 's still pretty damn light outside . 
  where did they advertise this ? 
  i never heard anything along those lines . 
  \\  just cause, 
  \\  driving cars, 
  well you can always become a [ mage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_ekugpkqfw ), 
  in finland only poor people stores like citymarket and prisma do that . 
  it 's a fucking video game . 
  maybe prioritize fun over `` efficiency '' ? 
   btw i 'd bet the poor people stores have a lot less stray carts than the eurotrash douchebag rich people stores . 
  not true . 
  they actually hire people to make sure . 
  you know , customer service etc. 
  you sound incredibly butt blasted, 
  yeah that 's where i do the bulk of my shopping, 
  but i ca n't think of any non-chain markets that would use shopping carts and to be honest stockmann is the only chain market that is n't a poor people store so what i said was accurate . 
  every other site that discusses pro dota, 
  the ratio of trashy to boners on that sub is a bit too off for my taste, 
  go to other sites then if you want proof . 
  are you expecting me to copy-paste you every message related to dota ever posted to the internet ? 
  there are ads in your internet ? 
  capitalist propaganda has crippled your ability to understand the truth . 
  i want to believe this guy is real, 
  if you look at the very first frame you can see the seat is empty . 
  i think that lady does n't sit on the left side of that guy in a blue shirt but rather on the far right of the previous frame . 
  she 's present in the frames where the wrestlers overlap her , however on the 4th frame it made sense to cut the picture a little further to the left allowing for more space for the 5th frame . 
  if you look at the treeline the part of the tree that is above the lady in all other pics is n't visible in the 4th one either . 
  the goal in bodybuilding is good aesthetics . 
  something like the strongman competitors would be a much better place to look for the strongest people with most muscle mass . 
  why not both ? 
  what reason would i have to bullshit ? 
  yeah but then you 're stuck with a wii u, 
  but ps4 has bloodborne which is alone better than anything wiiu has to offer . 
  why would anyone ever queue for ranked ? 
  yeah but there 's a difference between not being good and not understanding the concept which is what the original post was saying, 
  except there 's a cooldown so it 's pretty easy to play around, 
  i 've had it bound since day1 of reborn . 
  if the s1 binds do n't work just bind something to it via the options menu and see how it displays in the cfg . 
  \u00c5 was a_with_ring iirc, 
  people also say `` ez '' whether they 're winning or losing so i would n't think too much about it, 
  i 'm not saying the number is accurate and i do n't know about the price of prostitutes in the philippines but if it 's cheap enough he could have had like harem orgy fetish sessions with every girl in a brothel in the room with him or something . 
  that would count as paying 20 girls for sex at once even if it 's not 20 separate instances of sex . 
  but the thing is it 's not normal ( in western eyes ) to have any province with sharia law . 
  you keep saying that not all of indonesia is like this but the fact remains that this happened in indonesia . 
  for allowing such local government to exist within its nation 's borders ? 
  give them independence if you do n't want to be associated with them , otherwise accept responsibility . 
  respecting the officials is an idea that exist in every other sport except football . 
  yes they do but you have to dig deeper than stream sites . 
  the debate has already been at rest for like 2 years, 
  many of them are natural but this photo is incredibly photoshopped like all asian dvd covers and promotional material are . 
  you can find this photo with all their names attached and search for actual scenes or just photoshoots and see they are nothing like in this pic .
