   committed a fireable offense, 
  i hate where pc has gone . 
  it 's not like he actually insulted any group of people . 
  he said `` gay '' . 
  even the mention of such things existing is grounds for ending your career these days ? 
  i mean a man caressing balls is kinda gay , no matter how pc you wan na be . 
  this is gon na be the one game this year ( or actually 2012 as well ) that i 'm buying at release . 
  that 's my method of avoiding spoilers . 
  more like 30-50m . 
  it 's called interval training . 
  i 'm guessing more like a week . 
  i 'm also worried for my classes . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's a joke , and not even a mean joke like black people and unemployment or black fathers etc. 
  homosexuals are attracted to other men , that 's the definition of homosexuality . 
  it should be taken as a joke and not get your panties in a bunch as soon as you see a situation where it 's possible . 
  i refuse to believe what he said actually insulted anyone who was n't looking for an excuse to be insulted . 
  i certainly did n't get that vibe . 
  to me it was simply `` dude , your choice of words reminded me of homosexual acts . '', 
  period . 
  maybe i have n't been conditionalized to think it 's automatically a bad thing whenever someone mentions a `` touchy subject '' . 
  because it 's a silly remark anyone would make any time off camera without thinking twice and he probably did n't stop to think whether or not this is something `` acceptable to say on national television '' . 
  besides now that i rewatched it , is n't it the same guy telling the story who makes that comment ? 
  he mentioned the word gay and in america we deal with `` touchy subjects '' by pretending they do n't exist . 
  minors do n't have sex ? 
  it 's about as socially awkward as the first part was socially awesome . 
  this is standard ? 
  not being able to wire transfer from any bank account to another bank account without fees is standard is the u.s ? 
  holy shit you guys are getting raped by these companies and do n't even realize it . 
  that 's like saying jews are n't in control of the media because we see a lot of black people on tv . 
  finland . 
  it 's basically how we do all person to person business aside from cash . 
  if i had to estimate i 'd say i 've transfered money over 500 times without paying once . 
  i 've transfered money abroad and it 's all free for me , i 'm not sure if the receivers pay something , at least in the eu they should n't . 
   the bank sending would n't receive anything . 
  its a business . 
  but the bank receiving it has your money . 
  they benefit from that money . 
  in return for your money they give you services like credit cards or negotiating deals with other banks so you can transfer money without paying ( visible ) charges . 
  that 's the point of banks , is n't it ? 
  because they ridicule a certain group of people . 
  do n't get me wrong it 's not a race only thing , that was just the first example i came up with . 
  saying `` homosexuals are bad parents '' for example would be the samething . 
  it would be joking on the expense of those people , i do n't see the commentator 's joke as making fun of gay people . 
  so what you 're saying is that old people are people too ? 
   entire good porn industry, 
  if i was trying to shove an ant the size of my hands down my mouth alive i 'd probably bite my own fingers accidentaly . 
   99 percent of homes are built using it, 
  where do you live ? 
  i 'd say 90 % of houses were cement or bricks . 
  cement is very uncommon in residential construction ? 
  my house is made of cement . 
  and it 's not even a cheap crappy 70s apartment building but brand new ( finished in 2012 ) . 
  this is not anti-america circle jerk . 
  when someone calls terrible service `` the standard '' like naturally that 's the way it should be it 's be ok to point out that 's not as self-evident as they might think . 
  this guy just happened to live in the u.s ( i could tell because he talked about checks ) . 
  it 's not anti-america circlejerk . 
  in fact the way you immidiately used the anti-anti-america circlejerk card is pretty scary . 
  no i completely understand that , i 'm not arguing with your point about the hemp bricks . 
  just that i 've never been anywhere where 99 % of the houses were wooden . 
  the guy in the pic is a professional athlete so he 's also probably gotten laid this year more than you ( or i ) will in our entire lives . 
  not hating but why 'd you update from a 920 to 1020 ? 
  i 'm planning on updating my 920 in the year 2017 or something , and it 's not about the money . 
  who wants to set up a new phone twice a year ? 
  ok that makes sense . 
  yea you 're right building here is pretty damn expensive because of the cold climate . 
  that probably influences the materials as well . 
  i remember looking online for houses in the southern u.s and the price per square meter was about 1/4 of what it is here . 
  it was ridiculous . 
   wire transfer or credit transfer is a method of electronic funds transfer from one person or institution ( entity ) to another . 
  no , i do n't know the difference . 
  point being i 've never paid for any sort of `` fund transfer '' , regarless of what it 's called . 
  it 's only bizarro because you grew up in america . 
  call it brain washing or a differing world view , does n't really make a difference to me . 
  point is for the rest of the world russia is using diplomacy to prevent a foreign invasion while offering amnesty to a global free speech hero sounds a lot more plausible than u.s doing the same . 
  who says identical nipples are in the definition of perfection ? 
  if i were to screw this woman for the rest of my life maybe i 'd prefer to have variance in the nipples . 
  or / r/dadjokes, 
  i fail to see the cringe in this, 
  this really hits home . 
  if bored and especially when high i tend to make beat out of anything , even if they stay inside my head . 
   notoriously weak, 
  i see posts about the cables and this string method maybe once a month . 
  do n't get me wrong i appreciate the work you put into the tutorial but do people really have an issue like this ? 
  i 've been using apple cables for ipods etc. 
  for 10 years now and never had a single one of them break . 
  yea but nobody 's gon na buy the xbone , right ? 
  not being a fanboy is now a circle jerk ? 
  really speaks volumes about this game on a competetive level, 
  taxes, 
  `` adrienne '' . 
  not sure about the last name since i 've usually seen her credited as `` photodromm adrienne '', 
  if only it were that simple . 
  a lot of the stuff sounds better as an idea than what the execution is , especially with healthcare . 
  with the way it 's set up now the public hospitals make you wait months if not years for sub-par service so you end up paying for a private hospital as well as taxes for the public hospital . 
  free education is nice though . 
  is the source of your information either a tourist ad or some hippie friend who 's convinced nordic countries are like utopia ? 
  access to the internet has nothing to do with taxes , it 's a simple law that forces private companies to have internet available for everyone . 
  we have relatively high depression and suicide rates compared to the western world , and we 're also fat . 
  not america fat but fat when compared to middle european countries for example .
