  you just have to break line of sight which is nice . 
  it 's the third arms running air mission on the airport trevor can buy . 
  or fourth . 
  or fifth . 
  i 'm not sure i did a lot of them . 
  e. http://segmentnext.com/2013/09/19/gta-5-arms-trafficking-missions-guide-air-and-ground/ 5th, 
  what 's all this hate about ? 
  i 've watched all of the two ferns , i thought bieber was just fine . 
  i loathe his music but that does n't mean i must hate everything with his face in it . 
  it 's awkward exactly the same way all the other episodes are awkward and not some special truly awkward like you 're suggesting . 
  it 's a lot better than it used to be but it does exist . 
  mainly so that whatever car you 're driving tends to spawn in areas where it normally would n't spawn , not that 1/3 of the traffic is your supercar like it was in vice city . 
  i 've still only seen one veyron even though i 've spent hours driving around in that one i stole . 
  you 'll mainly notice it if you drive a comet or something to the countryside . 
  99 % of the cars will still be pick-up trucks , suvs and stationwagons but there will be that 1 % of comet that normally would n't spawn there . 
  but i am the stereotype . 
  i 'm lazy , i bet my life would be more profitable to the society if i did n't smoke weed . 
  i 'm a stereotypical stoner who runs from responsibilities , sleeps to the afternoon and gets high . 
  i 'm not going to pretend i 'm a class a citizen just because that fits your legalization agenda . 
  i 'm past thinking a person 's value is measured in how much tax dollars they bring in and i 'm not ashamed of it . 
  i realize that 's not what the law makers want us to think but i 'd rather stay true and be an enemy of the `` law '' than sell out just so i could be socially accepted . 
  i 'd rather have it take 50 years to be accepted as the stoner as i am than act like a model citizen smoking this harmless marijuana drug because that 's going to get it legalized faster . 
  it 's not just a logistical issue , it 's a matter of principle . 
  i do n't really care that weed is illegal now , i can get all i want anyway . 
  i 'd rather have it be legal but not at the price of pretending i 'm something i 'm not . 
  i 'm a drug user and not a productive member of society . 
  i 'm not gon na lie to present myself in an unrealistic positive light even if that is how politics is done these days . 
  i know . 
  like i said half of my tries failed after i had bombed all the targets . 
  the other half i simply was n't patient enough to line them up perfectly . 
  probably because i was frustrated trying for the 10th time . 
  but i 'm not complaining . 
  the people complaining are ones like op who think this `` stoner '' image which is actually pretty close to reality should n't be accepted because it 's bad pr for weed smokers . 
  i do n't know about your brain chemistry but to me smoking weed is all about breaking `` giving up on life '' stereotype . 
  just because i 've given up on being a productful member of the society does n't mean i 'm a useless stoner . 
  or maybe it does depending on your political standpoint . 
  nevertheless i 'm a stoner and i 'll stay true no matter what kind of shit the politicians throw at us . 
  i 'd rather be honest and not `` accepted '' than pretend i 'm something i 'm not just to get approval . 
  besides , sweatpants are fucking comfortable . 
  i never had any issues with any of the rc missions . 
  not on pc or playstation . 
  you surely wo n't be missed, 
  while i agree she comes off as a dumb brat i also think it 's bullshit to close down roads because of one person 's funeral . 
  does n't matter if they are a cop or a veteran or a superhero . 
   annoyed but understanding, 
  i really do n't understand what there is to understand about this . 
  a person died , he has a funeral . 
  that 's logical . 
  a person dies , they close down roads so that everyone 's day gets ruined ? 
  how the fuck does that make sense . 
  i do n't care if he was a police officer or not . 
  i 'm not a `` acab '' idiot but just because you wear a badge does n't mean the entire city should shut down when you die . 
  they 're not disrespecting the loss of a `` civic hero '' . 
  they 're complaining about some very alive person 's stupid idea to close down roads for a parade . 
  i doubt the police officer asked them to close roads and be remembered as an inconvenience on his deathbed . 
  so being a police officers is like a permission to do anything you want and nobody is allowed to complain ? 
  i do n't `` hate police '' . 
  i do n't spit on cop cars or refuse to talk to officers . 
  does n't mean i worship them . 
  they 're just people doing their jobs . 
  i do n't see how a police officer is more deserving of a fucking parade than a pediatrician or a firefighter . 
  you do n't see them closing down entire cities for surgeons that probably saved more lives than any cop . 
  sounds like a small town . 
  i do n't even know my neighbours name much less would i care if their son died . 
  to be honest i 'd never know about it so it would n't really be an issue of whether or not i cared . 
  i do n't understand what it is about police officers that make this `` understandable '' and everyone who complains is automatically a dick . 
  every day people die . 
  nobody would say you 're an asshole if you 're tired of waiting for two hours because some random person decided to have a parade at their funeral . 
  but as soon as you learn it 's a cop then the entire ritual is sacred and do n't you dare open your mouth . 
  there are many other professions where one can be a `` hero '' . 
  they do n't get parades when they die . 
  if you have the police closing down roads and forcing you into submission it does n't really feel like `` paying respects '' to me . 
  the whole town did n't take `` time off their day '' . 
  they were simply forced to deal with it . 
  it was n't voluntary which to me is what defines `` respect '' . 
  this has the same feel as those people crying in north korea . 
  one of those pictures looks quite nice http://i.imgur.com/g297t.jpg, 
  you can tell the commenter is american because he specified that he or she 's `` been there '' . 
  anyone from europe would just say the last part . 
  btw this is not bashing just an observation . 
  i did n't say the two were equal . 
  does n't mean they ca n't be compared . 
  i understand the r/all tag at places like askscience or other serious discussion subreddits but r/reactiongifs ? 
  like the quality of the comments would be any different whether or not this was on r/all . 
  he looks out from the first angle but in the second camera it does n't even look close . 
  only basketball players would call that an injury . 
  ok maybe soccer too . 
  why would i care if i 've never even met them ? 
  there are six billion people on earth who i would n't give a shit about if they died . 
  the hundred or so people i do care about are more than enough for me . 
  if i felt bad every time someone died i 'd have no time ( or mental health ) for anything else . 
  choosing so that you sympathize only with people who happen to live near your geographical location sounds extremely hypocritical . 
  in reality a starving african children is as close to me as my neighbours ' son i 've never met ( hypothetical son , i 've never talked to them so i have no clue if they have a son ) . 
  i 'll feel bad when someone close to me dies and it 'll actually mean something since it 's not an every day thing for me . 
  i do n't know if that makes me a worse human being than someone who pretends to have a connection with people they never knew about before they died . 
  that 's the most ridiculous thing i 've heard all week and i like apple products . 
  bring her with you to get new prescription glasses and afterwards you can be like `` wow i 'm noticing things i never did before '' . 
  yeah i do n't want to deal with constantly wearing pants but it 's a tough world . 
  so you 're telling me a tv drama series is not 100 % scientifically accurate ? 
  that 's why you work from home .
