  implying anyone has the music turned on . 
  but yeah terran does have the best music . 
  i 've noticed it while watching games . 
  bugs me every time too . 
  yeah but you 're not really paying for the components . 
  you 're paying to be able to use os x. i know hackintoshes exist but they never work perfectly . 
  of course i hate not being able to upgrade my computer past ram or hdd but i ca n't blame apple . 
  they have a product that sells even while beign `` overpriced '' so why not price is like that . 
  i 'd love to have a proper gaming pc , but i love using os x more so here i am . 
  maybe some day i 'm able to afford both . 
  yeah but after getting the endorphin boost there 's no reason to ever use the heal ever . 
  and what i really hated was how you ca n't sell those useless medkits you collect everywhere . 
  i had to light myself in fire repeadetly or jump of cliffs just to get space for more syringes i 'd actually use . 
   if you compare a $ 2000 pc to a $ 2000 mac , the pc out performs the mac in everything possible . 
  now it does n't . 
  in a performance test for sure but that 's not what i use my computer for . 
  as an operating system the os x is simply better in almost every way compared to windows . 
  10 years ago or so os x had the issue of not having that much software and drivers for 3rd party peripherals but that problem is long gone . 
  of course `` which operating system is better '' is not something you ca n't scientifically compare so it boils down to preference . 
  having used windows , linux and os x for years i personally greatly prefer the os x. 
   macs will never be superior to a pc for gaming . 
  no shit ? 
  that 's the biggest and frankly in my eyes the only advantage windows has . 
  everyone knows pc is the operating system of choice if you want to play games on your computer , i do n't think anyone would argue that . 
  simple things like having multiple desktops make a ton of difference . 
  stability of course . 
  waking up from sleep mode in a fraction of a second with wifi already connected sounds like a small thing but it makes a big difference on a laptop . 
  the os being unix based the terminal allows for a lot of great stuff commonly used in linux that would have to be jerry-rigged in windows . 
  i know these days `` it just works '' is mostly used sarcastically to bash mac but there 's a reason they used that slogan . 
  it just works . 
  i did n't know who any of them were . 
  of course i know tom hanks but i did n't recognize him . 
  still no clue on most of the others though . 
  until told to stop ? 
  i think they were telling him to stop since the beginning of the video . 
  also i 'm pretty sure this is a repost though it 's possible it was in the comment section of another / r/cringe post . 
  why would you wear pants tight enough to show a boner ? 
  this is why i love watching international tournaments like the wc or olympics . 
  where i live ( finland ) people are n't so overly concerned with swearing . 
  yeah the players are probably told not to swear during interviews but they 're only human and in the middle of a hockey game so it happens ... often . 
  being used to the super-pc nhl it 's fun to see players talk openly like `` yeah we fucked that up '' `` we need to man the fuck up '' etc along those lines . 
  luckily people seem to understand they 're hockey players and being a manly hockey player you might sometimes say a bad word so we have n't had to suffer from any `` scandals '' from the sensationalist media . 
  well i thought adding that paragraph served the same purpose as adding `` in my opinion '' to the end of each sentence would have . 
   as a community, 
  i do n't view myself as part of a community just because of my computer 's operating system . 
  as for reasons why os x beats windows having multiple desktops is enough in itself . 
  having used linux before and now os x for ~ 6 years i could n't use a computer without it . 
  it 'd feel like handcuffing myself . 
  it makes a huge difference even while `` just doing regulard internet browsing '' not even mentioning more complicated stuff like photo and video editing and it 's a deal breaker for me . 
  also the terminal and being unix based . 
  haha me too and had to listen to it immediately after the video was over, 
  he 's already rich enough that he does n't have to impress anyone by dressing well . 
  i mean wearing college pants and a hoodie ? 
  that shit 's comfortable . 
  that 's what i 'm wearing right now but i 'm farting on a computer by myself . 
  he can wear that shit everywhere he goes . 
  the game looked like a parody of wings of liberty, 
   if that was a fucking siege tank line people would be talking about how this was the best tvt ever . 
  no they would n't, 
  lol noob ca n't tell a nexus based on the warp in size, 
  i suck at starcraft and even i can remember my hotkeys, 
  dae le lemon key face ? 
   when my son was a wee tiny guy and would start handling himself i said `` son , is this a private place ? '', 
  after a few of those he understood it was ok to masturbate , but that it must be handled in an appropriate social manner, 
  what kind of a retarded kid starts masturbating in the presence of other people ? 
  now i was n't shamed either but even as a tiny kid who did n't actually even know what he was doing i understood that was something you 'd do in the privacy of your own room . 
  you can buy twitter followers or instagram `` likes '' or whatever they 're called . 
  or reddit upvotes or facebook likes etc etc you can buy anything . 
  '' `` benjamin lasnier '' ( born 1999 ) is a danish internet sensation . 
  he sings his own songs , and in his earlier years he wrote some of them . 
  his genre ranges from r/b to pop . 
  about every week he releases an new single on his youtube channel . 
  he is currently in a relationship , but he chooses to keep that private . 
  benjamin has his own instagram page which he features personal pictures . 
  he sometimes appears with his close friends and girlfriend in his pictures . 
  in 2008 he started writing his own love songs . 
  many girls/boys all around the world noticed his talnet and started tuning in . 
  he currently resides in houses in france and denmark . '', 
  fake account ? 
  this guy has over 400k followers on facebook . 
  i 'm willing to bet not all of those are fake too . 
  e. oh and 750k followers on instagram http://instagram.com/benjaminlasnier, 
  how can a danish `` celebrity '' have like 750.000 followers ? 
  how many danish people are there in total ? 
  like 6 million ? 
  like i said he has 750k followers most of which are girls his age . 
  apparently this video was some sort of a come back for him for what i 've gathered in the 10 minutes i 've now been googling this fucker . 
  honestly i would n't be the least bit surprised if this was just one of his fans . 
  it does n't seem like he needs fake fans . 
  yes i know we 'd all love to cringe at his fake fan account but i 'm just not buying it in this case . 
  there must be a billion permutations of the account `` justin bieber fan '' on youtube . 
  i do n't think those were him either . 
  cmd + shift +4 on mac . 
  cmd + shift +3 if you want the full screen . 
  well it was dota so what did you expect ? 
  do n't you dare say anything bad about naniwa 's shoulder brush, 
  what about activating mechanisms that open giant stone doors etc. 
  not in 2 . 
  brotherhood and whatshisname assassin 's creed 2 3/4, 
  luckily there are well placed obstacles for when he turns around every 15 seconds unlike every other person in the game ever .
