  you know what i 'm talking about . 
  anyone else think this dog looks exactly like michael j fox ? 
  and no , this is not a parkinson 's joke . 
  i 'd rather pay a small sum for services than look at ads . 
  adblock user since 2006ish . 
   it 's like everything else - it starts off great because they need to win users . 
  but once they 've done that , it becomes about extracting money from those users . 
  someone once summed up facebook perfectly . 
  `` if you 're not paying for a service you are not the customer , you are the product being sold '' . 
  regular users are not the main source of income for facebook or any other social media site . 
  advertisers who buy your information are the customers . 
  yeah i 'd rather pay monthly or yearly than per-video . 
  and i agree in the case of youtube it would have to be a subscription model , because most of the content on youtube is not something you 'd watch if you had to pay for it in advance . 
  thanks even though those are both the same, 
  ted is the reason i stopped watching himym . 
   keep in mind that the owners are not really losing money , they just are n't making any . 
  by not having games their costs are quite minimal . 
  while you 're techically correct i would consider the loss of potential income they 'd make from ticket and fan product sales losing money . 
  not to mention the league always loses some popularity during lockouts like these which can impact their income during the upcoming seasons . 
  the game has other licenses than nhl . 
  while it 's true the jerseys are n't correct some national teams feature players from the european leagues in the game . 
  that 's retarded . 
  the sticks are the main reason you ca n't play any sports game on ps3 . 
  suddenly it all makes sense . 
  they should update it more often than 4 years though . 
  i prefer it being this way ( like an olympic lineup , all the best players ) rather than copying the wc lineups but they should still update it . 
  the airlines are n't the only way to travel . 
  you could take boats and trains . 
  i 've never been asked for an id on the boat to stockholm or tallinn . 
  not sure how it is from there to belgium though . 
  the airlines are n't the only way to travel . 
  you could take boats and trains . 
  i 've never been asked for an id on the boat to stockholm or tallinn . 
  not sure how it is from there to belgium though . 
  itt people defending their belief of a fairytale world, 
  buying packs with real money ? 
  that 's a downvote . 
   it 'd be difficult to make something better than google chrome, 
  it already exists . 
  it 's called firefox . 
  i have to use it for school . 
  it 's well implemented though . 
  almost all the students are there and professors as well . 
  each course has it 's own separate channel in addition to the `` main channels '' . 
  and we all get a 24/7 screen from the department . 
  you can connect from anywhere and check for new messages or scroll back conversation like you 've been there all along . 
  most of the people i want to talk to are still using it . 
  me too . 
  i ca n't just abandon all my smilies . 
  chatting on facebook without my custom smilie faces just does n't feel the same . 
  actually this happens twice a year and lasts 6 to 12 months, 
  did n't know that . 
  i think it works better with the added line . 
  nope it 's actually real from a 2008 campaign . 
  15 is the age of consent in greece ( where this ad is from ) . 
  i know you 're not supposed to use multiple accounts but 1 upvote for the ass/pussy and another for delivering sharpies . 
  why did op photoshop the first sentence as well ? 
  in tdm you ca n't predict the enemy 's movements at all and there is no advantage from moving actively . 
  i 've played every cod and the last one where i played more than 5 rounds of tdm total was cod2 . 
  i simply ca n't enjoy it . 
  domination is fun but i also play most of the other objective based game modes . 
  except for cod4 i 've never managed to do anything with the ak47 . 
  so many people use it but i just think it 's complete shit compared to other ars . 
  do n't know what i 'm doing wrong . 
  boy am i glad i chose computer science . 
  0 $ spent on books . 
  \\  old counterstrike days, 
  \\  steam, 
  well why has n't she ? 
  i 'm trying to get into gm connected . 
  sounds interesting . 
  just waiting for the `` league administrator '' to confirm my team choice ... he seems to be taking his time . 
  if you do n't like hut there are plenty of other modes available . 
  removal of the salary cap definitely encourages spending more money though . 
  someone over on / r/fifa12 spent over $ 1400 on their fut team . 
  dumbest part was this was less than 2 months before the release of fifa13 . . 
  that 's too bad . 
  i really would like to play a game mode where i 'm building a team instead of just random matches . 
  versus play gets boring extremely quickly and i simply can not enjoy playing against the cpu . 
  i 've played over thousand games of hut ( and winning a majority ) over the last 2 games it 's existed . 
  i have n't bought any packs with money . 
  it 's hardly unplayable . 
  though i do agree with you in priciple . 
  i thought it was ridiculous how he talked about the 5 second delay and cutting away in case something interesting happens etc. 
  like it was a good thing . 
  god bless america i guess . 
  i doubt i 'd want my brother 's , son 's or father 's car chase on national television either . 
  not sure why you 're downvoted but us is the only country where i 've seen or heard of them . 
  this is not america bashing , it 's the truth . 
  maybe in canada as well . 
  i 'm really not sure . 
  and yes , it 's ridiculous . 
  it 's a part of life . 
  life should be appropriate for general audiences even if it makes someone not think happy thoughts for a second . 
  kids should n't be watching criminals broadcasted live for entertainment either . 
  148,546 readers, 
  r/games is not exactly a small subreddit, 
  ea used to do a similiar thing with the fifa series . 
  every year there was a european championship or world cup they 'd release the same game again ( for example fifa 98 and fifa 98 the road to world cup ) . 
  they 're the exactly same game with updated wc rosters .
