  i know in some schools they used it for as long as 6th grade ( end of elementary school ) but i have never heard of a middle school where you would have to use cursive . 
  like i said i personally do n't know anyone who writes in cursive but then again i 'm from a generation that very rarely writes anything by hand . 
  but every time the subject comes up it 's 100 % `` fuck cursive , i 've never used it since elementary school . 
  how do you know someone on the internet is n't stoned ? 
  it bothers them if someones mentions it . 
  about 90 % of the time i eject from the dashboard ( using x ) and not the physical button . 
  much easier . 
  how does it feel to have war fought on your own soil for a change ? 
  and that was just one day, 
  my boss gave me a promotion, 
  what about [ this guy ] ( http://www.hel-looks.com/big-photos/20080112_03.jpg ) ? 
  just because there are good guys out there does n't mean you should n't doubt every single one . 
  is n't this entire thread about how awesome sour candy ( including warheads ) is while high ? 
  i think it 's posted every time there 's a `` crazy sex stories '' post . 
  usually it 's a friend though . 
  i was so happy to see `` anal sex '' as one of the tags . 
  too bad there actually was n't any :(, 
  simply no . 
  i can do everything ipad can on my phone but the ipad ca n't do half the stuff my phone can . 
  it does n't even have a usb port or a memory card slot . 
  or you know phone calls and text messages . 
  it 's a nice toy for about 2 days . 
  that 's it . 
  if there 's an empty seat on an airplane while you are in the air no one will stop you from moving to it, 
  why not ? 
  if i 'm in a hurry i can take 2 minute showers and still get all the crucial parts clean . 
  before anyone tells me his name is evgeni instead of eugene it 's actually \u0415\u0432\u0433\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0439 which can be translated to either one . 
  down voted for typing like this, 
  why the downvotes ? 
  what kid would n't rather have a super nintendo than a box filled with chunks of metal and a rag, 
  that 's not chevy chase . 
  it 's the guy from america 's funniest home videos . 
  does n't `` suicide survivor '' just mean you managed to fuck even that up ? 
  check out the definition of rage comic here . 
  it 's the link from the # 1 rule on the sidebar . 
  nah they 're just quitters . 
  improving the gene pool etc. 
  opened, 
  lol 'd, 
  noticed nsfw, 
  went back to see if there was a penis on the loose, 
  [ 10 ] is when you 're so high you completely forget having smoked weed and wonder why you 're feeling so strange, 
  i 'm the complete opposite . 
  i do n't want to `` waste '' any high time . 
  i get all my drinks ready , start up my xbox , load the game or choose the movie and subtitles and pause it so when i return there is absolutely no waiting . 
  i fetch a blanket and arrange the pillows comfortably etc. 
  i always figure out what i 'm going to do or watch or play before i toke . 
  i do n't like to waste time trying it decide what to do after i 've smoked . 
  also it 's 10 times harder . 
  best laugh all day and i 'm completely sober, 
  also i read that in `` her '' voice, 
  i did this a few years back when my cpu fan broke down and i was too lazy to go to the store . 
  worked so well it took me months to finally fix the problem . 
  even as a title it looks ridiculous and is fucking annoying to read, 
  it 's because you smoke a gram or more a night . 
  tolerance breaks are required for really trippy highs . 
  context : tried to drink water , failed , coughed , this appeared . 
  i think it 's breathing . 
  and finland, 
   r/politics is for u.s. politics and news only . 
  also this shit is important even for people not interested enough to subscribe to worldpolitics, 
  lolol i own a good vape and love it but there is no vape that 'll match a good gravity bong, 
  it 's a completely different kinda high, 
  e. knowing how to milk it properly is also essential, 
  or remove cap and insert a wrench socket if you do n't have a bowl, 
  no it 's not . 
  the weed you put in a gravity bong or a vape could be identical to each other yet the high would differ . 
  i do n't think `` fake tits suck '' but saying your natural boobs were `` tiny and gross '' is god damn retarded . 
  if there 's one thing small tits are n't it 's gross . 
  especially once they age and you compare them to larger ones . 
  small tits stay beautiful . 
  those are the ones she calls `` gross '' ? 
  i do n't want to live on this planet anymore etc. 
  yeah but the stretched skin around them will, 
  that 's good to hear but it 's still stretched whether there are stretch marks or not, 
  it 's unnecessary to have the text appear and dissappear in such a short gif, 
  she went too far about a few years back . 
  looks like an alien . 
  and i usually like fake tits . 
  e . however ridiculous at least these new ones are less ugly than the old ones though, 
   the jury awarded her more than 2.5 million , for this , which seemed like very little compared to her relative pain, 
  i do n't think you can just look at the injuries and determine how would you should be `` awarded '' . 
  no question those are some nasty burns but is it really mcdonald 's fault if you spill your coffee while trying to open it in a car ? 
  i 'm not saying it is n't but if your logic is `` more damage -  more money '' what about a a guy who fills a bathtub with mcdonalds coffee and jumps in ? 
  should he get even more than the grandma ? 
  or if you wore plastic pants that protected you when you got spilled ? 
  does that make mcdonalds 's actions right ? 
  what i 'm trying to say here is that damages alone are n't enought to base verdict or punishment on . 
  karma train etc. 
   also , i doubt your shrink believes marijuana causes cancer as shrinks are generally ... you know ... well educated . 
  i seriously lol 'd at this point . 
  i personally liked season 1 a lot more than 2 . 
  i did n't find frank that funny in the beginning . 
  it often takes time for the writers and actors and directors to find what works and what does n't etc, 
  late s2/early s3 is when they got shit right . 
  oh look what we have here . 
  not only does this person truly use iphoto but he 's actually willing to * pay for it * . 
  a rare occurrance indeed . 
  hey that 's not fair some people were born with a lack of oxygen and ca n't help it, 
  i do n't know why you 're being downvoted so much but that 's basically the reason i wo n't buy any touch screen phone .
