  i do n't know i have n't carried a single food item since i was like level 8 . 
  the weight per healing points ratio is horrible and it 's not like i have any extra space in my inventory . 
  the rules vary between international and nhl hockey . 
  in nhl 11 it would had been offside . 
  in nhl 12 they do n't skate like that anymore, 
  watching the game on a laptop yet still taking a picture of the screen & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  i do n't play otp but a lot of offline 2v2 's where this issue was one of the best updates of nhl 12 compared to 11 . 
  have n't had a problem with it . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i know for a fact in some european leagues the puck must be on the line before the skates cross . 
  i had no idea schadenfreude was a word but at least i knew the answer was n't any of the others . . 
  well that message goes out to anyone who took the pic . 
  you know who you are . 
  europe . 
  anything goes in europe . 
   back when napster first came around , literally everyone was downloading music since there were absolutely no perceivable consequences . 
  this may have changed in the states ( i noticed a lot of people actually buying music from itunes back when i studied there ) but it definitely is n't the case elsewhere in the world . 
  i live in finland and know absolutely * zero * people who buy digital music ( unless it 's some ug band they actually want to support . 
  literally everyone still pirates music . 
  and especially tv shows . 
  should i wait 2 hours after original air and get it online or wait 6 months until it airs here and then another 6 months until it comes out on dvd . 
  ( pirate ) cloud computing ? 
   why do people on reddit insist on attaching these kind of irrelevant comments to all kinds of posts ? 
  given that this is the most downvoted comment on this thread i think `` people on reddit '' is a bit unfair . 
  more like assholes anywhere on the internet . 
  yes there are . 
  they just do n't get voted to the front page . 
  for a reason i might add . 
  brown nipples, 
  i put the picture in google and apparently the set is called adrienne at the gym . 
  the blog i found was deleted since then though . 
  well good for you if you like them . 
  more titties is always for the better . 
  i do n't find them appealing . 
  i just do n't . 
  and neither does anyone else out of the three people in this room i 'm at ( i just conducted a small scale survey ), 
  before you even go there it has nothing to do with racism or prejudice or shit . 
  i just do n't like the way they look , just like i do n't like blue hair on a girl . 
  yeah well it 's not like i 'm going to turn down a girl because of her nipple colour . 
  i just prefer one to the other . 
  of course they do n't . 
  that 's why it 's called a preference and not a fact . 
  i studied in america for a year and the rest in finland and the main difference is we have way less discipline and much more freedom in finland . 
  in the states every lesson felt like a competition . 
  in finland the goal is to get everyone to learn . 
  and rules are n't the most fucking important thing in the world . 
  besides we do n't give detention for `` disrespecting the teacher '' every time he/she makes a mistake and a student corrects it . 
  it does n't . 
  open photoshop -  import video to layers -  adjust size , crop etc if you want -  save for web and devices -  adjust lossiness and other sliders that affect quality -  save, 
  depends on the size of the video and your computer but you can make a decent gif in 5 minutes or less . 
  yeah me neither . 
  except maybe drinks at the bar . 
  i 'm glad i do n't have to buy them anything either though . 
  presents suck ass . 
  yeah of course it does . 
  yeah i might be wrong but i 'm pretty sure the watermarked preview pics are free to use . 
  i always thought of them as like the free trial version you get with softwares etc and you had to pay to use the `` full version '' . 
  these, 
  how is that not obvious ? 
  it 's in a store , he 's sitting in a wheelchair and all the people are `` helping '' him . 
  what else could be happening ? 
  that article is horrible . 
  `` unlike tobacco , smoking marijuana -- even when done regularly -- does not damage the performance of people 's lungs '', 
  scroll down a bit, 
  `` recent evidence indicates that smoking marijuana , for lung cancer , is not as bad as smoking tobacco is , '' said lyle craker , a plant sciences professor at the university of massachusetts who has studied medical marijuana for several years now . 
  `` marijuana is relatively less dangerous than some other drugs . '', 
  there 's a big difference between `` does not damage '' and `` is not as bad '' . 
  now i 'm an active weed smoker but i do n't believe for a second that inhaling any sort of smoke can be totally harmless . 
  smoke always contains carbon monoxide and other crap , does n't matter if it 's a drug or not . 
  that 's not fair though . 
  an average weed smoker smokes a lot less joints per day than an average tobacco smoker smokes cigarettes . 
  i admit 1 per day is a bit low but 2-3 versus 10-20 sounds pretty accurate to me . 
  the truth getting downvoted to the bottom . 
  go trees . 
  this picture is not accurate . 
  old people actually drag the slider on the right with their mouse . 
  true story . 
  would n't it be * caught red eyed * badum-tssss, 
  i 'm confused as to what to do at this point, 
  i 'm european . 
  i stayed up until 5.30 am to watch the super bowl . 
  op is a faggot . 
  me too . 
  i love football and do n't really care much for soccer but hey [ this ] ( http://www.eatliver.com/img/2009/3849.jpg ) still makes perfect sense . 
  it 's not a `` best sport wins the name '' competition . 
  i do n't really buy this either . 
  i 've been twitching my mouse around for like 5 minutes now and i just ca n't see it . 
  i doubt it 's because i 'm `` used to it '' since i use both mac and windows machines daily . 
  well whatever the truth i guess i 'm just lucky i 've never noticed it . 
  ignorance is bliss etc. 
  do n't worry . 
  the truth is often downvoted on reddit . 
   debate ability is more dependant on who you 're debating with rather than was substance they 're using imo . 
  very true . 
  however if we assume the people are the same and the situation is the same and only the drug is changed i still stand by my words . 
  i also think the `` saying incomprehensible things '' is more of a noobish smoker thing . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with that ( and i kinda miss it ) but it really does n't happen anymore in the crowd i smoke in . 
  but even seasoned drunks often start yelling and repeating stupid shit . 
  i do n't know man . 
  i was way more of a cautious driver when i was high .
