  you can also get 10 hits in a row with no crits . 
   because people hate that 90 % chance can go wrong, 
  hitting that 10 % shot in xcom feels that much better though . 
  no matches ; __ ;, 
  except being able to change the crit probability by attack canceling is a direct result from prng . 
  with real rng it would n't work . 
  i get the `` check the box '' for maybe first 2-3 posts of the day , after that it 's street signs and sushi . 
  maybe because it 's the same show, 
   i think men would like to enjoy 12 weeks with their child just as much, 
  while this is true i thinks it 's a bit naive to completely ignore the physical reasons women need time off after giving birth . 
  i do n't think of it as less time for men to be with their child but as extra time for women to recover from labour . 
   having a child is 100 % an elective disability . 
  they are n't required to have one and they can be stopped early . 
  nobody 's saying having a child is unavoidable . 
  however for the survival of the human race it ** is ** required . 
  this sub loves to remind us that just because genders should be equal does n't mean they 're identical which is perfectly true and it applies here also . 
  it 's childish to claim that childbirth is an identical experience for both the man and the woman just because muh equality . 
   if a woman is at home `` sick '' from having a child then a man should be able to stay at home with her . 
  what ? 
  since when can you call in sick because `` my partner is sick and i want to stay home too '' ? 
  that 's not a thing . 
  yeah people take time when their partners are seriously ill . 
  they do n't take as much time off as the person who 's actually ill though . 
  see the pattern here ? 
  it 's funny how usually those would be great breasts but in the context of miss alice they just look sad, 
  yeah but it 's unpaid so it 's not the exact same . 
  in fact it 's far from the same . 
  i have n't flamed anyone but having somehow followed the gpu market over the past years i simply can not fathom why anyone would decide to buy an amd card in the last ~ 5 years . 
  it 's easy for me to understand why a person prone to flaming on internet boards would choose to hate on amd users . 
   right , but there 's no reason to hate on a person for buying something you do n't personally like . 
  well i did n't say i understand why someone would flame amd users or anyone . 
  i said i understand why someone who enjoys flaming people on the internet would pick amd users to be their target . 
   the benchmarks would be the answer to that one . 
  we 've been watching [ different benchmarks ] ( http://www.videocardbenchmark.net/high_end_gpus.html ) then . 
  it 's not about pizza being unhealthy . 
  it 's how boring it would get to eat the same thing every day . 
  it was https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhsmqdgky2a, 
  i 'm finnish and me and my friend found a stash of porn mags in the forest at age ~ 9 . 
  except that does n't exist in csgo anymore , the sig and the aug have [ `` real scopes '' ] ( http://i.ytimg.com/vi/6y7zyy5g074/maxresdefault.jpg ) . 
  there is never a reason to buy an aug or a sig even if you have 16k, 
  comes down to taste . 
  not really . 
  go watch any pro match and tell me when you see the first sig or aug bought . 
  you 're lucky if it only takes months . 
  i know what you 're trying to say but i simply disagree with it . 
  instead of using a crutch they should use that time learning to play with the ak and get better than they ever could with a sig . 
  it 's like buying the p90 because you ca n't spray control . 
  look at the `` top weapons '' graph . 
  neither aug or ssg even make the chart . 
   and i 've seen nip use them before . 
  yeah apparently get_right has a total of 1 aug kill in all of his career pro matches while f0rest has a staggering 27 kills with the sig . 
  xizt and friberg have a little less with 2 and 6 respectively . 
  lol no they are n't . 
  dmg is n't the only statistic . 
  they both suffer from higher first bullet spread than the ak, 
  you really think pros who play for hundreds of thousands of dollars would n't use them if they actually were n't shit ? 
  yeah because icefrog is a god that does n't make mistakes . 
  he 's just one man . 
  you clearly know nothing about the subject if you 're seriously defending the ssg and the aug :\\ ^ ), 
  do you ever stop to think that wow , i actually know this game better than all the pros . 
  what a bunch of scrubs those guys are not even knowing the basics of the weapons . 
  i can tell you it has nothing to do with the $ 300 . 
  you see teams buying autosnipers just for the first 5 seconds of the round because they have so much excess cash but for some mysterious reason they do n't pick an ssg as their main rifle on those rounds . 
   you ca n't expect a guy that has played with ak and m4 for 15 years, 
  are you implying the csgo m4 or ak handle even remotely the same as the 1.6 m4 and ak ? 
  they 're just as far from the originals as an ssg would be . 
  calling me a noob when you 've obviously never even played cs if you can type shit like this with a straight face . 
  battlefield never focused on realism . 
  it 's a selection of cool guns people know . 
  the gold nova is so strong with your posts . 
  `` bu-but i saw a graph on reddit , it must be true '' . 
   300 $ is not a small amount when rounds are decided on an extra smoke , especially for a gun that they are not comfortable with, 
  you mean like how the players often opt to go for famas with full gear instead of the m4 if they 're low on cash despite not being as comfortable with the famas ? 
  you 'd think they 'd similiarly go for aug if they had lots of excess cash unless it 's complete and utter shit you do n't want even if money is n't an issue . 
  it 's that simple kiddo , go play the game and spend less time studying spreadsheets or shooting an empty wall . 
  there 's a reason people who play the game for a living do n't use them and it 's not tradition . 
  the autosniper was a joke gun in 1.6 , so were the shotguns and all pistols except deagle , yet pros use all of them in csgo all the time with great results because it 's their job to learn to use all the tools available . 
  they do n't just skip the ssg or the aug because they 're `` not comfortable '' . 
   do you have any other response other than : `` the pros do it '' ? 
  why would i need any other response ? 
  the pros do it , as do all the good players . 
  is n't that the best argument there is ? 
  it ca n't be a coincidence . 
  it 's certainly better than some scrub on reddit who 's arguing against the world that actually everyone else is wrong and these guns nobody uses above wood league are better but people who make a living adjusting to every patch they introduce to this game are just too stuck in their ways to realize this truth . 
  i also notice you did n't respond to the gold nova comment so i 'm assuming i was correct . 
  secondly i do n't believe you for a second that the ssg would have better first bullet spread when fired from the hip ( like the ak or the m4 ) because i actually play the game instead of look at numbers from reddit and can tell it 's fucking terrible . 
  the scope may change things but it also hinders your ability to see and move so much the entire gun is immidiately useless if you have to use the scope to hit targets . 
  why ? 
  that 's the beauty of the internet and anonimity . 
  you can be yourself and say what you think without the artificial filters of `` politeness '' or `` social consequenses '' . 
  if anything we should act irl like we do on the internet . 
  yeah there was . 
  it lasted for about a week until patched . 
  i 'm pretty sure kalashnikov nor colt sponsor nip, 
  hey i bet it does, 
  yeah i do n't believe in the trench . 
  i never played any moba before so i got placed at 1.3 k and had to listen to people constantly bitching how they 're stuck there because their teammates suck . 
  now 3 months later i 'm at 2k listening to people bitch how they 're stuck at 2k because their teammates suck . 
  the only constant in that equation is them . 
  listening him repeat that over and over again made me so happy to watch him lose in the end .
