   i think firing at a robber with an airsoft gun is an understandable decision . 
  these are both from the post you responded to . 
  does it seem like i 'm saying the police should n't have shot the guy because obviously the gun was n't real ? 
  to me it does n't look that way . 
  i 'd say it looks like i approve of their decision to shoot the guy . 
  what i did however criticize was their decision after the shooting to come out and say that the suspect ** fired two shots before the officers returned fire ** . 
  how did he fire two audible shots if his gun is a toy that shoots pellets using air pressure ? 
  it 's almost as if the cop routinely made up this statement before realizing that it was n't actually a real weapon . 
  had it been a real weapon nobody would 've questioned that he fired two shots at the police . 
  now it sounds like they were trying to make sure they 're asses are covered by lying . 
  that 's a completely separate issue from shooting the guy . 
  so you value patch notes over what 's actually in the gameplay ? 
  and then a pre-emptive counter troll argument ? 
  you must be a professional at this . 
  yeah because it 's not like we 've seen `` frankly ridiculous '' changes to cs : go weapon balance before without any proper reasoning or a wide user base asking for it . 
  can you explain to me how a person who designs video games for a living can alter the way the scope of a sniper rifle works in a first person shooter game by increasing the amount of blur you see zoomed in , and not think that it will have a negative impact on it 's usability/effectivity ? 
  in other words , be a nerf . 
  i know what a gas blockback airsoft gun is but you do realize that the only reason you can hear that sound is that the microphone is about 5cm from the gun ? 
  it 's just the plastic parts clicking together , nothing louder . 
  well the obvious internet , video games , movies , books , tv shows . 
  there are n't many `` classic '' movies or tv shows from the past 25 years i have n't seen by now . 
  i really do n't get bored while sitting on a computer like a lot of other people . 
  it 's quite common for me to sit here for 12 + hours straight and not even notice the time going by . 
  it 's apparently been 21hrs as i 'm typing this . 
  for the last 2-4 hours i 've been reading historical articles on wikipedia . 
  i remember days when i 've woken up at sunrise , picked up a book and gone to bed after dark . 
  when i 'm not feeling too lazy i go to the gym , running , do sports if i can . 
  i love cooking and i do n't eat microwave dinners or frozen dinners or anything like that , i do n't even own a microwave . 
  cooking every day and trying out new recipes takes a surprising amount of time . 
  that 's about it . 
  maybe once a week i go out with friends . 
  i like simple pleasures like sitting in a park or a couch talking and maybe drinking a beer or two . 
  or three . 
  still cheaper than the cover charge at a night club . 
  i really do n't spend that much money on anything even though i 'm not trying to be cheap . 
  food is probably 80 % of my budget not including rent . 
  well for example the aug90 episode . 
  or the initial deagle nerf . 
  but yes the introduction of the cz was another completely unwarranted change to the balance of the game . 
  i do n't think you understand how logic works . 
  i still think just seeing a weapon looking like that being pointed at people is enough of a justification to shoot . 
  that 's what i said since the start . 
  i never had an issue with the police shooting the robber . 
  that 's what you get for robbing a store with an airsoft gun . 
  buuuuuut that does n't change the fact that the part about `` the suspect firing two gunshots at officers before they returned fire '' in the police officers ' statements is pure bullshit . 
  there 's no way you could even hear that click-clack sound in a crowded wendy 's let alone think it 's a gunshot . 
  they shot him because he was pointing a gun that looked real , and that 's fine , but do n't lie in your statement to the press . 
  probably so you could n't hit the ball straight up in the air and run around the whole thing . 
  disclaimer : i know very little about baseball . 
  i ca n't believe no one asked which dog belongs to which . 
  yeah and not just fps games . 
  i watch both professional starcraft 2 and cs : go and in both games every single pro player plays with minimal settings . 
  i also play both games myself and despite being able to run them at any setting i have everything on minimum . 
  no distracting shadows , no bloom , no aa hiding that one pixel of your enemies head , less perticle effects ... it 's just better in every way . 
   cs is so unrealistic but they ** throw in these random fucking annoying things to give it some semblance of realism ** for some unknown reasons . 
  referring to :, 
  * list of unrealistic things *, 
  reading comprehension much ? 
  are you implying he actually put some thought process into that statement and did n't just blurp out random shit that made him seem special in whatever circumstance happened to be the topic of the discussion ? 
  are you either under 16 years old , a construction worker ( or other similiar manual labor ) or mentally handicapped ? 
  if that 's the case you 're probably the target audience . 
  i 'll take that as a yes . 
  video games and weed sounds like a fun combination ? 
  who would 've though . 
  yeah my carrier ( not us ) does n't even have a plan with a data cap . 
  it 's 10 $ a month for unlimited 3g ( 21mbps ) or ~ 20 $ for unlimited 4g . 
  they 're not called `` unlimited '' of course since the concept of `` limits '' does n't exist . 
  they 're just `` 3g '' and `` 4g '' . 
  i do n't think he was referring to the shrinkage of boobs from low body fat but the fact that the most succesfull ballerinas usually always have the genetics for smaller boobs . 
  boobs only get in the way in ballet . 
  yeah well to each his own . 
  i bet if your hobbies were carpentry or bird watching or something you could easily fill your days with that just as well . 
  i do n't get how some people struggle spending their free time , maybe they just lack hobbies . 
  true . 
  there are some little tricks you can use that vary from game to game . 
  but the rule of thumb is everything as low as you can . 
  finland, 
   like the snow that 's almost always there, 
  i do n't know where you learnt this but finland only ( `` only '' ) has about 3-5 months of snow a year . 
  also we have separate winter gear like pointed above , white camo in the middle of summer would n't work very well . 
  saunalahti , but it 's a grandfathered contract . 
  right now for new customers it 'd be 13,99 or something like that . 
  i do n't . 
  i get no satisfaction watching these old clips of people practically trying to injure each other for 60 minutes straight . 
  i 'm glad the sport evolved past that . 
  now i can be proud to be a hockey fan . 
  not to mention the teamwork , strategies , individual skill and especially goalies from 30 + years ago look like amateurs compared to the modern game . 
  i bought the game when it was almost brand new ( like a month old ) and could n't find a single mp game . 
  so i doubt it 's active a year later . 
  that being said there is no reason to mp in that game , i bought it for the campaign without even knowing it had a multiplayer . 
   `` get low '' got tiring after the fifth time, 
  what ? 
  i think get low was the main reason i kept playing that game after beating it the first time . 
  yeah everyone loves 3 but burnout 2 was relatively unknown and fucking amazing . 
  i spent so much time in split-screen co-op and unlocking all the cars and paint jobs and just grinding time trial . 
  i absolutely loved that game . 
  and the graphics were crazy good at the time . 
  burnout 2 had amazing tracks as it was more focused on racing . 
  the crashes looked great but they were n't the objective , they were just a little bonus . 
  in 3 it felt like they focused a little too much on the `` takedown `` s and crashes etc.
