  brown . 
  i did n't really pick them as i got a greal deal from a friend who got an unused replacement from warranty but already bought a new one while waiting . 
  they 're good though , kinda all-around for gaming/typing . 
  because originally beta only had left hand , so some people were used to it by the time they added the option to use right hand and just stuck with it ever since . 
  but it 's not perfectly sided . 
  i do n't know where you got your stats from . 
  hltv lists d2 as 46 % ct 53 % t, 
  i do n't think anyone was using the `` accidental '' as a defense . 
  it 's still accidental even if they should be tried for murder . 
  well so is the mp7, 
  nobody said they would win . 
  getting drunk and accidentally driving over someone is still an accident , even if you are guilty of manslaughter or similiar . 
  where in finland was this ? 
  e. apparently saariselk\u00e4, 
  yeah the first official trailer ( and first info since it 's the day the nhl 14 thread was made on another forum ) was april 15 . 
  nhl13 was announced as the cover vote in 29.3.2012, 
  nhl12 was may, 
  scan burger is a franchise chain , the quality varies greatly . 
  i 've eaten at some scan burgers that are really good , the best chain in finland , but some are pretty average like the one in helsinki . 
  i actually often put pizza in the freezer for 5-10 mins before eating when i get some delivered . 
  pizza hut is better hot though , as are those gourmet italian style pizzas . 
  \\  frag highlights, 
  \\  only anti-ecos, 
  why ? 
  makes me proud to be finnish, 
   i was intrigued by how the whole thing seemed to be based around a cat & mouse game where people try to share links before they 're taken down . 
  yeah i do n't get it as well . 
  i found out who she was , went to empornium , loaded a 15gb pack of all her vids and that 's it . 
  i 'm here for new stuff ( which basically never gets posted since she does n't even go nude anymore ) but i do n't get all these people trying to share/jerk off to a single video before it 's taken down . 
  it 's so easy to find downloads of the same stuff . 
  if i use it constantly for irc/youtube/twitch it 's about 4-5 hours . 
  regular use is about 24 hours . 
  if i recharge it every night ( like i do ) i never run out of battery . 
  yes, 
  people would post negative comments if a men 's frag compilation contained anti-ecos let alone was full of them . 
  just because they 're girls does n't mean you can only say positive things . 
  it 's a reference to women 's basketball, 
  that and people getting married way too quickly because they ca n't wait to have sex . 
  everyone i know who waited for marriage ( granted it 's only 3 people ) are already divorced . 
  3 couples of which i only knew one side, 
  or european and judging from the traffic sign this is europe, 
  they 're identical across a lot of european countries, 
  it also looked like he had a sensitivity of 9000, 
  i have a p250 menhdi with a holo lucky 13 sticker on the handle . 
  it was the first ( and only ) sticker i got when they were a new thing and the p250 has 13 bullets , so . . 
   i could swear in 1.6 on the kz servers , a lot of them started you with a scout because it was as fast as a knife ? 
  yes it was but we 're on cs : go sub , not 1.6, 
  there are n't really any abusable bugs in csgo . 
  the biggest `` bug '' is the 64 tick mm servers but you ca n't really take advantage of that , it just makes the game less consistent . 
  also some nice boost spots/strafe jump spots on almost every map . 
  is this an example of quality content in your mind ? 
  i was going to post my own question about reaper fe 's but since your post is the highest one on the sub i 'll just piggyback this and ask here . 
  if i stop mining gas at a 100 , when should i put scv 's back on gas if i want to build 2 extra barracks before factory ? 
  building a turret on your natural as soon as you see an unfinished dark shrine is kinda excessive . 
  just keep one scan ready and prepare for blink ( one bunker that 's 20 % finished is not preparing for blink ) . 
   i like to hotkey my cc on 1 and that wont change . 
  my raxx , fact and starports are on 4,5 and 6 . 
  2 and 3 are for units . 
  so i guess i am limited to 2 unit hotkeys . 
  i do n't get this . 
  you have 4 more unused hotkeys . 
  yeah 50 for reaper 50 for reactor . 
  i have n't really used reapers that much , back when i played a lot 1rax expand was the shit . 
  i was reading the 12-12 reaper expand build from liquipedia and it says 12 - refinery - stop mining gas after 100 is mined . 
  obviously that does n't mean i should stop mining gas for the rest of the game so my question is when should i put the scvs back on gas ? 
  my control groups are 1,2,3,4,5 , r , t , g , v , b. 
  i could n't imagine limiting myself to only 6 control groups . 
  were they ordered to wash the cars before this or something ? 
  every single one is shining clean, 
  sad thing is this is n't totally unimaginable . 
  probably because steam forums are terrible and reddit is easy to use, 
  i would n't try any one way smoke twice in one match, 
  because the shotguns are only viable in a few spots per map . 
  they 're not good overall even if you are most confident with them . 
  you 'll find this out yourself if you get out of silver ( the first match of competetive is always against the lowest of silvers ), 
  i 'm pretty sure first game of competetive is always silver . 
  why are all the opponents using shit guns ? 
  except if this is the 2nd round , in which case you are the cancer of the community for buying a scout while your team eco 'd, 
  how could you enforce a ban on smurfs ? 
  the entire point of a smurf is that it 's a new account not linked to your main account , how could valve know what is a smurf and who 's just a skilled newbie ? 
  it appears your enemy is mentally retarded . 
  or a silver , which is basically the same thing . 
  i have no clue , i played 1.6 until csgo, 
  i think it has to do with the title `` best magician ever '' . 
  these pigeon tricks have not only been done countless times before but much better and more elaborate . 
  not to mention other forms of magic much more challenging . 
  a lot of redditors have been on youtube before and seen the same tricks done better . 
  i remember it was the 90s and it was somewhere in finland , but ca n't remember any more details . 
  i was referring to that news story a few months back about a ~ 7 year old kid being placed on a sex offender list for kissing a classmate in school . 
  like you played wol . 
  1 rax expand and worker scout + maybe a scan . 
  the only shitty part about this is the presentation . 
  10/10 would eat, 
  seriously guys do you even try ? 
  took me 20 seconds to find the source , about the time it took you to write that comment . 
  a bunch more : http://fapproved.com/users/chase31885/images, 
  makes total sense to me . 
  the initial reports were that the plane had n't gained much altitude before the engine failed or they lost control or whatever . 
  this expert thinks it actually did have time to gain some altitude . 
  i do n't use them myself either but i constantly see them in pro plays so i do n't see a problem with it .
