  `` technically '' while being decided by people who willingly chose and paid money to study `` gender studies '' and whatever pseudo science they can find anybody teaching . 
  it 's not like these `` experts '' are unbiased and base much on actual science . 
  really fucking ugly but if it makes them cost less who cares, 
   in europe , this simply doesnt hold . 
  we have no place to put the waste . 
  we have plenty of space for nuclear waste . 
  you 're supposed to dig itd deep enough and isolate it so that it 's perfectly safe to walk right over where it 's stored . 
   alternate energy sources provide us with all the benefit of nuclear power except one ( we cant regulate output all that well ), 
  except the most major one which is the raw amount of electricity created cheaply and easily with minimal effect on the environment . 
  you need a shitload of solar panels or windmills to match even one nuclear reactor . 
   the fact that we 'll eventually run out of uranium and it 's illegal to reprocess plutonium, 
  because laws never change . 
  and it 's a pretty long `` eventually '' just like we 've been running out of oil for the past 50 years . 
   r u that fucking dumb ? 
  the irony, 
  modern battery technology is nowhere near having anything that could store even a small city 's worth of electricity for one night at even a remotely feasible price . 
  there 's a reason we currently shut power plants on and off depending on the demand . 
  no they have n't what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  there are already many repositorys in operation . 
   in europe, 
  and the only reason the german ones have failed are your local leftist green parties creating problems out of nowhere because they do n't want it to succeed . 
   that means you need about 200,000 to 1,000,000 roofs to match a single reactor, 
  oh yeah that seems perfectly reasonable and a smart choice, 
  paying way too much to set up inefficent electricty methods is working for you ? 
  enjoy . 
  i love the irony in that someone was offended enough by this joke to post it on tia, 
  they usually fuck like rabbits after their respective events , not the night before the competition they 've been preparing for for years, 
   you would think in this age there could be videos or pics taken with cellphones, 
  their fellow athletes and staff are often the only social contact these people have . 
  why would you break that trust and risk being an outcast for life just to post a boobie pic online ? 
  i mean realistically half the things i play these days are indie games that would run just as fine on a mac and the other half is dota2 which is also for mac . 
  damn i wish the remake would be sold standalone, 
  yea a 60 $ texture and lighting upgrade to a game i 've already paid 50 $ for once, 
  i would but there 's barely any players in most of the game modes and tdm was full of hackers last time i checked, 
  i would play gladly pay 20 $ just to have the game populated again ( hopefully with anticheat ) even without the visual upgrade, 
  it 's my problem, 
  also out of principle i do n't want to give activision money for another cod that looks just like the 4 previous ones so they keep making them, 
   hopefully he went to the hospital . 
  yeah got ta put that taxpayer money to good work, 
  yeah and if you 're in japan there 's tons of better green tea chocolates available, 
  i appreciate the effort you put in but i think it 's a mistake to hide the console output under a separate tab . 
  the program often freezes up while opening a stream and the console is the only way for the user to follow what 's happening . 
  i like the stuff royce makes, 
  na scene is a meme, 
  the pass is the best part about this, 
  it 's not often people start searching for someone again years after being convinced they 're dead . 
  i would also be hard to prove . 
  to be fair rpg just means `` rocket propelled grenade '' . 
  it 's not a trademark or anything . 
  my reaction would be the exact same if that was an american chopper . 
  it 's got nothing to do with nationality and everything to do with this being a war zone and those being totally unknown soldiers who we ca n't even see in a distance inside a vehicle . 
  not being shocked by this is the same as not being shocked when you see a headline `` x dead in y conflict '' . 
  you could just stop clicking on videos of little kids on facebook you know, 
  he is brazilian . 
  they also have the resources of 1/3rd of rhode island . 
  unlike the us media would want you to believe things do n't magically become easier in smaller countries . 
  she 's not stuck , she 's carefully positioned for maximum surprise, 
  i almost never get teammates who type in cyrillic anymore . 
  a shit ton of turks , albanians , romanians etc. 
  but russians are almost exclusively on the opposing team . 
  best part of the post tbqh whether it was intentional or not . 
   they 're two spectacular players . 
  enjoy what you 're getting and shut up . 
  i do n't like people discussing hockey players on my hockey discussion website . 
  are n't all the dlc for these games multiplayer map packs ? 
  despite being greedy fucks there might be a legitimate reason not to include the dlc . 
  how many people are really going to buy this ? 
  you 're already splitting that smallish amount of people into three and after that you 'd split them across like 3x the maps ? 
  how do any of them have enough players for a full game ? 
  though i 'm guessing if you just force the maps on a rotation without player choice it 's not an issue . 
  people who want to play the single player campaigns . 
  mw1 and 2 were great and 3 was ... entertaining . 
   wife, 
   rubber, 
  feel sorry for you man, 
  nice post history, 
   what is game balance, 
  game balance is not taking maps built for a game with simple weapons without attachments , equipment or fancy kill streaks and trying to copy and paste them to a game with a billion different gadgets and expecting it to be enjoyable, 
  game balance is having a selection of weapons planned out together with the other weapons of the game to create a rounded assortment instead of mashing stuff from different games together because `` more is better yolo '', 
   i 'm sure mixing weapons would n't be a huge deal , people would adjust and end up using what 's best anyway , i 'm not suggesting halo weapons be added, 
  have you even played mw1 ? 
  the difference between cod4 weapons and mw3 weapons is so massive they might as well be halo weapons . 
   so less is better , i thought everyone was complaining about not getting dlc because more was better ? 
  the whole reason people are excited for the mw1 remake is that they think less is better . 
  that 's what differentiates mw1 from all the cods after it . 
  it had significantly less customization . 
  and it was a better game for it . 
   if they can parlay super hot looks into a good income , i salute them . 
  the amount of grief from idiots must be a large challenge . 
  yeah it sure must be a tough life, 
  how to spot someone who 's too young to remember internet from over 10 years ago . 
  karma is nothing when you get all that sweet sweet attention . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  yeah because the `` open world makes a game good '' circlejerk sure did deliver us great games such as 80 % of modern aaa titles where you climb towers to expose new map areas and side missions because it worked for far cry and assassins creed 7 years ago . 
  it looks better than any actual game ( not a tech demo ) i 've seen running on a pc even though it is 30fps . 
  the quality is shit but it definitely looks like his head is the principal point of contact https://gfycat.com/darkimperturbableappaloosa, 
  so what ? 
  that 's not a valid excuse to hit someone in the head these days . 
  i know it 's `` the first rule of hockey '' . 
  that does n't mean you 're free game if you fail to protect yourself .
