well the thing is , most people on the internet ( including me ) do n't really give a shit about the poor in africa . 
  we just like ruining or tryining to ruin the reputations of people and/or corporations . 
  not that i actually had anything to do with this lv thing . 
  then her older `` sister '' told her to stfu, 
  the eye somehow somehow makes me imagine angry pirate sounds coming from the dog, 
  no actually i did not , i just grew tired of ripping the thing off its mouth . 
  so how did you like helsinki ? 
  west highland terrier, 
  it was for his own safety , he had a habit of sneaking in the way, 
  yes i know and the bell is already taken off . 
  it was n't there to be cute , the little thing had a habit of sneaking everywhere ( primarily places next to your foot ) and after he was accidentally kicked/walked into once we decided to put that there for his own safety . 
  now he 's bigger and needs no bell anymore . 
  yeah our old black lab ate 12 cupcakes off the kitchen counter in a matter of minutes . 
  and they were huge cupcakes with the paper thingies and all . 
  not that surprisingly he was just fine even though people always panic about dogs not being able to eat chocolate . 
  i 'd do it in a heartbeat, 
  i enjoy stopping the microwave with as little time left as possible, 
  cool idea but since they remodeled the house , why not just crop the picture so that the not-yet-remodeled roof is n't included ? 
  welcome to europe, 
  the caption is what made me lol, 
  all i read was the title but i 'm with you . 
  racist or otherwise discriminatory opinions , however idiotic , should still be protected by the right to free speech, 
  mbp 's do get really fucking cold though, 
  i enjoy terrible movies , it 's fun to see how bad shit can get . 
  unless it 's like twilight/chick flick kinda terrible , but why the fuck would i rent that ? 
  took this picture years ago and just stumbled upon it . 
  idk i think it 's funny or at least interesting . 
  good point, 
  soldiers dying is n't really news . 
  not saying that a haircut is , but still . 
  because usa !!!, 
  land of the free !!!, 
  home of the brave !, 
  i never saw the game ( at that time we did n't get live nhl where i live ) but i just read the controversy , checked the rule at the time and reviewed the tape . 
  it was a good goal . 
  yep me too , actually during almost the entire video but selanne was the strongest, 
  if she 's just a roommate then tell her to go fuck herself . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  you 'd do it if a male roommate always told you to take out the trash , right ? 
  challenge accepted, 
  this reminds me of my aunt ( who lives in the us ) . 
  she bought a wlan equipped router from wal-mart and for some reason told the internet provider . 
  they started charging her extra $ 5 a month `` for the wireless service '' . 
  not all people use windows, 
  stop snitching, 
  i still do, 
  how do i shot web ? 
  i have to agree , this is bullshit . 
  who designed the tree ? 
  lazy kid : http://i.qkme.me/bad.jpg, 
  yeah i 'd have to pick this too as my favourite nhl jersey . 
  this is la kings ? 
  thanks man , i 've had this as my away jersey in nhl11 ultimate team for ages now and always thought it belonged to some european team or something . 
  holy fucking shit this is the coolest jersey i 've ever seen thanks a bunch . 
  always loved the 90 's mighty ducks jerseys but this is by far the best, 
  i think you used real money to build this team and you deserve to rot in hell for ruining the video game industry, 
  why would you have two good goalies in a capped tournament when it 's impossible to switch goalies in hut ? 
  this happened in the midway point of period 1 . 
  he was in the locker room for about 5 minutes but returned and seemed fine in an interview between periods and played in the 2nd period . 
  however he did not return for the 3rd and while nobody 's saying anything decisive the coach did talk about him missing the rest of the season ( allthough he was very angry at the time so he was probably exaggerating ), 
  this is all we know at the moment . 
  he played well though . 
  low battery : http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/dz5/#by=sp, 
  i always download games first to play the sp , if they 're good enough i buy them for the mp . 
  they leak to the interwebs before arriving at stores anyway, 
  co-optimus rarely has any information right , the site sucks, 
  black ops is the only cod with co-op multiplayer, 
  the others have co-op modes sure , but co-op multiplayer, 
  waw is the worst cod campaing and the co-op sucks ass . 
  i love the idea but 50 % of the screen is black, 
  it 's not rape if he/she does n't say no, 
  i was n't talking about the luminosity of the levels or the night setting . 
  i 'm talking about the fact that almost half of the screen is blank . 
  black . 
  has nothing on it . 
  in co-op mode . 
  there 's two 4:3 `` screens '' or `` windows '' or whatever on the upper left and lower right corner , and almost half of the screen is empty , which sucks . 
  and waw had the most neverending enemies after cod3 ( also treyarch ) and was just overall of shitty quality, 
  good point , however i enjoy playing co-op with my friends , not alone with a mic . 
  and lots of games have online co-op , the split-screen was the only thing special about cod5 . 
  if i want to play co-op online i 'd just pick a better game . 
  the campaing of waw is by far the worst in the series , this coming from a guy who 's played every cod and most 2-3 times ( all except 3 and 5 ), 
  god damnit americans , what is wrong with you ? 
  throwing parties with parents in the house, 
  avery 's a joke compared to jarkko ruutu, 
  what a fucking douche, 
  well that was bullshit, 
  `` video will start in 30 seconds '', 
  yeaaaaaaahhhhh ... no, 
  well that 's not really though , more like roid rage and pure stupidity, 
  yeah i 've also wanted to try the new pokemon games for the gameplay aspects , but then again in my mind there are only 151 pokemons and the rest are just garbage which has always stopped me, 
  it was awesome then and i just played through it a couple of months ago and it still is awesome, 
  i thought it was some sort of a rethorical question, 
  i 've played through blue maybe 4 times , last time was under a year ago when i found my old gameboy, 
  please shoot your brother in the face for me, 
  if the food accelerates faster then why does it fly shorter, 
  why not cut it off, 
  lol how is this awkward, 
  just keep playing the game until he wakes up, 
  lol i always fart in bed bitches got ta learn to deal with it,
