  it 's because nexus cannon let 's them they can play as greedy as they want without the risk of losing in early game . 
  i think removing the nexus cannon is a pretty good suggestion even when you consider all the consequences . 
  i do n't understand how `` for the most part '' is better than `` always '' when it 's just as easy to do . 
  damaged health bars are simply the best and most consistent option . 
   lately, 
  there was no need for it to be implemented in the first place . 
  some guy pitched a stupid idea because protoss needed 3 new units for the expansion and they went with it without thinking how it affects the game . 
  yeah i do . 
  no other race is safe against anything in the first 8 minutes of the game if they just build one unit . 
  even zerg has to build multiple queens . 
  protoss can spend everything on tech without a single worry in the world . 
  it 's boring game design . 
   early aggression was really hard to hold off in pvt in wol, 
  well yeah , if you went something like ffe and your opponent kept pumping out marines . 
  but that 's how it 's supposed to be . 
  if you did n't fast expand you had sentries stopping anything on the ramp long before terran got medivacs or banshees which makes for a pretty easy hold . 
  now you can 1 gate expand without any worries and fend off pretty much any early agression with just 1 unit . 
   is it the style or a candy not traditional to your neck of the woods ? 
  yes and no . 
  amerikan pastillit are from a time when american products were n't that common over here . 
  now of course we have everything from twizzlers to skittles and pop-tarts but these knock-off smarties became a tradition in themselves . 
  e. i checked and there 's no accurate year on the website except for `` since after the war '' ( ww2 ) so probably during the late 40 's early 50 's . 
  another source says 1953 . 
  the `` french pastilles '' you can see in the pic as well are from 1929 so before the war . 
  and marianne is from 1949 . 
  this picture is from the part of the candy section that appeals to grandmas . 
  hell no . 
  you could probably buy four pounds of smarties with the price of that bag . 
  finland is expensive as fuck compared to the us . 
  especially when it comes to candy/junk food . 
  i explained this to someone else asking the same question but you might be interested : http://www.reddit.com/r/oddlysatisfying/comments/1wq2xu/how_evenly_these_candies_are_positioned_in_the_bag/cf4z7w8?context=3, 
  that 's probably the right one . 
  i 've seen some huge bags/boxes of smarties . 
  and those tubes they sell at airports . 
   the thing was that earlygame , overall , the terran was in complete charge . 
  the it slowly shifted as the deathball was building . 
  true , it 's easier to get map control as terran . 
  the only fast unit p has is phoenixes . 
  however the fix to this should n't had been a unit that does n't give you any more map control , just makes you safe at home despite giving away the entire map . 
  am i really the only one who 's never used any apps on my xbox ? 
  any service the apps offer is better used via computer . 
  i just use 360 for games . 
  yea probably my favourite juice tropicana summer ** berry ** is 63 % apple , 21 % orange and 5 % grape . 
  the remaining 11 % is berries though . 
  quality of life in the western societies post ww2 has been better than ever , maybe that 's why ? 
  but regular oatmeal takes like 8 minutes to cook and tastes ten times better . 
  and it 's not like you have to stand next to the stove for those 8 minutes , it cooks itself . 
  well actually where i live 100 % berry juices are very common . 
  real berries , not berry flavoured . 
  they 're delicious . 
  however i was n't complaining , even the tropicana is delicious . 
   well , they do that because 100 % `` berry '' juice would probably not be very pleasant . 
  my mom makes her own 100 % berry juices every year . 
  or i can buy some from the store , they 're quite popular in scandinavia . 
  it 's really good . 
  gta v is n't on steam though . 
  we are n't talking about international laws regarding suicide in videogames . 
  we 're talking about steam . 
  gta v is n't on steam . 
  i do n't , but i consider myself a lazy fucker and sub-ideal . 
  that 's the point . 
  why are the example letters ( a ) lower case even when the country uses all capitals in road signs ? 
  do you watch bulgarian , romanian or serbian tv shows and movies every day ? 
  i 'm guessing you do n't so it 's not really comparable . 
   i was pretty sure iminus only hosted still images . 
  i think this is the first time i 've seen minus host a still image . 
  a 2009 car without a heated seat ? 
  i have never seen a car without heated seats in my life , even if they were from the 80s . 
  where do you live op ? 
  what the fuck does that have to do with anything ? 
  like i said i 've never seen a car without heated seats meaning it 's a standard accessory in any car i 've ever been in . 
  standard accesories do n't cost extra , that 's the point of the word `` standard '' . 
  all of those have had heated seats . 
  thus my question of where op lives . 
  even the shittiest 400 $ '84 toyota corolla has heated seats where i live . 
  not having heated seats sounds like not having hot air blow . 
  there is n't a car that does n't include that feature , unless it 's broken . 
  i just went to a used cars website and sorted them by price : lowest . 
  clicked on the first 5 that actually ran/had an engine . 
  all below 500 $ . 
  each one of them had heated seats . 
   could be a geographical thing mate, 
  yeah that 's what i figured , which is why i asked op where he lives in my original comment . 
  bcoz people who play vidya gamezzz h8 sports amirite xdd, 
  wow that 's weird . 
  i figured they did n't include them in southern countries/states but canada ? 
  i do n't have an opinion of 9/11 but it 's really fucking scary to think people are witch hunted like this for not having the `` accepted opinion '' or questioning what they 're told . 
  as a european , i watched the super bowl because i 'm interested in all sorts of sports , not just those popular in my home country . 
  the amount of coffee looks way too low , and the amount of booze looks even more low . 
  at least for finns . 
  normal workday consists of 4-6 cups of coffee . 
  plus `` home at last coffee '' . 
  and after dinner coffee . 
  i do n't drink that much coffee myself but i do drink a lot more alcohol . 
  yeah i 'm not american and people definitely joke about french being cowards . 
  ww2 did include european countries , you know . 
  too bad they do n't have that many servers outside us . 
  maybe because he did n't post any sort of reasoning behind it ? 
  the thread is full of reasons why it should be changed with careful explanations and then this one guy saying `` it 's fine the way it is . 
  because . '',
