  they 're not though . 
  she 's been showing off her boobs for about as long as high speed internet has existed . 
  where am i supposed to see the breastplate separating ? 
  you do know what a collarbone is , right ? 
  i have 150 steam friends who are n't just random people but all active ( mostly csgo ) players i play with . 
  it 's completely normal for me to have 30-50 friends in-game at once 60-80 people online . 
  in the old client it would clearly separate and highlight the ones playing dota as soon as i start up the game . 
  i do n't give a shit about the ones playing other games if i 'm in dota main menu . 
  scrolling through the overlay friend menu is a terrible solution . 
  stop liking this i do n't like . 
  you 're dumb !, 
  so you 're telling me a company exaggerates how `` revolutionary '' their new product is on their own website ? 
  what a travesty . 
  it 's almost like they 're trying to sell you stuff . 
  same . 
  drinking with your parents and telling them stupid shit from your youth you would 've done anything to hide at the time is great . 
  especially since they return the favor with their own stories they would 've done anything to hide from you when you were a kid . 
  seems like a cultural thing . 
  workplaces never have website filters or blocked websites in my country and i bet most of europe is the name . 
  neither do schools ( and i mean elementary/middle school ) . 
  it 's just not a thing . 
  tbh i think if you feel the need to block websites to get a person to work you probably should n't have hired that person in the first place . 
  first thing i think of when i hear that is n't that it 's been 13 years since the last one but that they actually practiced this on this century . 
  / r/watchpeopledie, 
  the thing is `` legal '' often does n't carry the weight it does in western countries . 
  just because something is illegal does n't mean the police will interfere , even if it is for fear of their own safety . 
  it 's also customary in many places to have some local councils making these decisions even if they are n't recognized by the state . 
  stream site videos are often 5 minutes long . 
  the actual scenes you get if you torrent ( or pay lol ) are usually 30-60 minutes long . 
  that 's why the stream site versions are constant cuts every 30 seconds . 
  also 1080p, 
  mcd bacon is gross . 
  it comes from a plastic bag prebaked and they do n't even heat it . 
  the heat from the patty warms it up . 
  serves you right, 
  yeah well you guys still have the death penalty too . 
  nobody 's surprised america is barbaric . 
  it 's actually a pretty good sub . 
  the average quality of submissions and comments is far above most subreddits . 
   champions, 
  verify game cache, 
  also googling this i discovered that ign published an article with an identical title published the same day, 
  different writer tho, 
  am i the only one in the thread who realized `` unintentional '' referred to the devs making the game, 
   batteries in those days lose over 30-40 % of their charge per year just sitting around . 
  i recently found my game boy color that had been sitting in a drawer since ~ 2003 and played good 10 hours on the aa batteries already inside . 
  actually the battery technology did keep up . 
  it 's just that engineers/designers/marketers / customers decided that shaving a few millimeters off the thickness is always more important than battery life . 
   you know iraq and afghanistan we could have obliterated those countries and their populations, 
  yeah your military could do this to most countries . 
  does n't mean it 's an accomplishment not to . 
  there 's a reason everyone considers american coffee to be coffee flavoured water though, 
  king of the hill was a lot better idea, 
  no it 's the old dota 2 client . 
   had a little bit to do with him getting a bit too popular off of the the dodgers . 
  popularity does n't work like that . 
  it 's not like a dodgers fan making viral videos is taking away from dodger 's exposure in media , if anything the opposite . 
  it was just probably `` if we allow this guy to film the games then what 's next '' slippery slope retard logic from lawyers . 
   malkin and ovi do n't work well together . 
  i would n't say that . 
  it 's just traditional ( modern ) russian national hockey team logic that 4 biggest stars all need their own line . 
  for all we know malkin and ovi could do great in nhl environment . 
  \\  tfw click the link and notice you 've already liked this video before, 
  what am i doing with my life, 
  i would n't use steam reviews either . 
  even without the `` joke reviews '' it would still be full of fanboys , people rushing their review as soon as game is out to get their 15 seconds of e-fame and people wanting to justify their purchase to themselves . 
  i would never buy a game based on steam reviews anyway . 
  to be honest at least with the joke reviews the function serves some purpose . 
  without them i would n't even bother looking . 
  my `` fix '' was to put the master game volume to 100 and then put the game down to about 20 % of normal in the windows mixer . 
  it seems there are some sounds that always play at full volume regardless of the in-game volume settings . 
  the 6.5 days are preparation to maximize your odds in the last day . 
  you get gear , stay alive and hurt the other teams chances by permanently killing off their players before the last day, 
  testing my shitpost priviledge, 
  i think it 's because hockey fans have seen so many similiar videos that have turned out to be cgi . 
  if you put 18 different angles in your video people are bound to believe it 's real . 
  i 'm sure everyone was wondering whether or not it was intentional . 
  give this man 2000 karma points . 
  yeah i 'm sure but what does that have to do with anything ? 
  seriously ? 
  we must handicap our experience for the 0.1 % of people who have 4:3 as their primary monitor in the year 2015 ? 
  imo as long as queuing for a game is possible in 4:3 anything else is your own fault for having a 4:3 monitor . 
  yeah but this could just as well happen if you tried to buy a used car or something from him and nobody avoids used cars because of the possibility that the seller will hold them hostage at gun point, 
  there 's nothing gay about getting your dick sucked . 
   too straigh, 
  sounds more like you are n't convinced of your sexuality tbh, 
  i understand the need to make it compatible . 
  however i do n't agree with limiting the features on 16:9 / 16:10 displays for the purpose of being able to have all the same features on 4:3 . 
  they should design the menu to optimize the use of screen space in 16:9 / 16:10 and then make it so that 4:3 resolutions are able to play the game too . 
  something like omitting the news feed from 4:3 resolutions is totally fine in my opinion . 
  the game resolution goes all the way down to something like 640x480 but that does n't mean the game is designed so that 640x480 players can make out every detail . 
  and drunk, 
  i got you beat by 9.90 for unlimited 100mbps ( also funland ), 
  this thread for me : `` well that seems like a waste of ssd space but it does n't sound like that big a. . . ooooooooohh '', 
  i do n't think this is a skill level related thing ( maybe in really really low skill but above ~ dmg ) . 
  i have friends who are globals and compete in tournaments with prize money ( not pros by any means ) and they shoot every enemy they see as soon as they can like robots . 
  i also have many friends who overall could be considered worse ( most still globals tho ) but tend to play these situations like afterplants more calmly and assess the positioning etc before making their move . 
  both styles of play can backfire easily and it 's more of a personal preference than a way to judge player skill imo . 
  i understand that . 
  of course reading the situation correctly is probably the most important skill in cs .
