  where i live ( finland ) it 's pretty typical to go out drinking on the first weekend of middle school ( 7th grade ) and ever since then . 
  like not everybody but definitely 1/3rd of the people . 
  by 9th grade it 's closer to 66 % . 
  basically everyone who goes out drinks , of course there are people who just sit home at their computer on friday nights no matter what age ( though in finland they drink too once they turn ~ 16 ) . 
  nobody goes out on a friday/saturday night and * does n't * drink . 
  especially when underage . 
  yeah or just try until you get it . 
  i know in the us they often call the cops or something if you try to buy alcohol underage . 
  here it is n't a crime so there is no drawback to trying it . 
  go to every store and eventually someone will sell it to you . 
  you guys should see the finnish version of cops . 
  it 's 50 % waking up passed out drunken people and telling them to go home . 
  if they fall to the ground repeatedly while trying to walk away from the scene they might put you in the drunk tank for the night . 
  but did you know how many kilograms 30 lb was ? 
  less income disparity, 
  there 's so little corruption in the nordic countries they look transparent, 
  yeah but that sudden laugh from the distance is what really made the video, 
  it 's somewhere on jj.am, 
  iirc it was called something like fucking every hole 4 but that 's way top generic to google sry, 
  i only saw a few episodes of x-files as a kid , and decided to watch the whole thing a little more than a year ago . 
  i loved it and watched 5 episodes or more every day . 
  that was until `` the field where i died '' . 
  after that episode i did n't watch the show for months , it was n't bad enough to ruin the whole show or anything but i just completely lost that * spark * . 
  i 'd simply rather watch something else . 
  i have since started watching them again , but my pace is closer to 2 episodes a month rather than watching them all day . 
   you can also go to your profile to see hidden threads if you feel like finding it again later . 
  or simply add ? show = all to the end of the url, 
  if you sub and unsub to any subreddit it 'll randomize a new selection, 
  why do you people live there ? 
  maybe it 's because i 'm finnish but those temperatures do n't sound anything like a place suitable as a living environment . 
  i know united states has lots of areas that humans can actually inhabit without a machine pumping out cold air . 
  why not move ? 
  it does n't really mean `` merry '' , it means good . 
  merry christmas in finnish is hyv\u00e4\u00e4 joulua ( good christmas ) which is probably why the translator got confused . 
  bronze . 
  all of them . 
  maybe not the hardest but that 's simply because it cheats . 
  why do you play against ai ? 
  it 's not nearly as fun and aside from learning the very basics to the game like which button builds workers it 's really not good practice, 
  did you by any chance try to filter the site to show sc2 content ? 
  the filter works in a reverse fashion and actually filters ** out ** the games you choose . 
  2013 olympics were my favourite, 
  i 'm 22 and though i know what they are i 've never used one . 
  i do n't see why someone 10 years younger would or should even know what it is . 
  what 's funny is that nuuksio is located within the 2nd biggest city of finland ( espoo ) which in reality is just a part of the metropolitan area of helsinki . 
  this is the scenery 10 miles from the city center of the finnish capital . 
  yeah well 10mi was more of an approximation . 
  but i went ahead and checked and ( if you consider the railway station to be the center ) it 's 22km which is roughly 13 miles . 
  but not 25 . 
  yeah me neither . 
  i do n't know if i got lucky or what but i beat the game relatively easily after 30 tries ( [ proof ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hhc904h.png ) ) . 
  at least 10 of which were ridiculously short , ending in 1st or 2nd galaxy . 
  i could n't find a `` time played '' stat but it ca n't be more than 5 hours which is n't that much considered all the hype it gets for being so difficult . 
  is that an estimate or can you actually check the time played ? 
  i 'd love to know but did n't see it in the statistics . 
  do you have an external software or how do you know ? 
  ah indeed . 
  i use the standalone game . 
  i was a bully all through elementary and middle school and i never did that . 
  your rules are false . 
  but . . reddit does n't ask for your gender ? 
  depends on what you mean . 
  yes , people really fear it , it 's not a joke . 
  no , it does n't happen . 
  and what a harsh punishment it is . 
  internet points that can not be used in any way . 
  why are people downvoting this ? 
  i honestly had no clue who that guy is and that 's the reason i came to the comments . 
  in the pool ? 
  but pool water is clear . 
  how does that work ? 
  i used to swim in lakes and the ocean . 
  i was always certain there was a huge fish just a few feet away from me . 
  to show you the right way while your head is inside, 
  i hate those tags a lot more than i hate the tag at the back of the neck . 
  those tags can itch , i 've never even noticed the neck tag . 
  `` information technology , specifically network administration '' sounds like something taught in what we call a `` university of applied sciences '' . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.studyinfinland.fi/institutions/polytechnics ) a list , all the pages should be in english . 
   dealing with the loss of his grandparents, 
  that 's a thing ? 
  i understand grieving the loss of your parents or siblings but grandparents ? 
  is n't the eventual death of your grandparents kinda obvious ever since you were a kid ? 
  they 're old people . 
  i 've lost all my grandparents and was close with three of them and i do n't remember any grief at any point . 
  it was just bound to happen sooner or later . 
  sharks in a lake is irrational . 
  sharks in a clear pool is just retarded . 
  so you ca n't make jokes about a bearded woman if it 's her religion ? 
  that 's just stupid , it 's her own free will to keep that beard . 
  it 's not a physical deformity she ca n't help . 
  it 's a choice . 
  good point , but i do n't think that 's really comparable to the rest of the examples like doxxing a rape victim or getting a guy fired . 
  or the boston thing . 
  while i partially agree this is an online petition . 
  not that serious of a thing . 
  you do n't need to have anything memorized . 
  my teacher did n't `` believe '' in memorization , i have no issues with any basic arithmetic . 
  i too am studying cs with a minor in math ( it 's required ) . 
   minor, 
  are you sure it was n't an online degree ?
