  be honest , you never even tried the impound before you read my post , had you ? 
  now you realized it 's just as easy and quick as driving to a garage but you ca n't let go of your past mistakes . 
  it 's an internet debate after all . 
  call a cab to the impound if driving in a game where driving is supposed to be the fun part is not entertaining enough for you . 
  a lot of people own both a console and a pc, 
  lol americans . 
  you manage to turn even a discussion about ghanan poverty to be about you . 
  pro tip : nobody in ghana gives a shit about obama . 
  he 's not the symbol for `` change '' or socialized medicine or gay rights etc. 
  worldwide just because he happens to be one where you live . 
  what 's interesting is the dj still said his intro to the song ( for a different song : `` college would be a lot easier if all philosophy had a beat '' or something like that ) and it was mixed so that the song played on the background and it sounded like nothing wrong happened . 
  when i changed the channel to radio los santos the same song started playing there , but it still played on both when i switched back . 
  the two songs were n't synched . 
  yeah but people who play bf on their pc might be playing gta on their consoles ( like me ) . 
  dark souls is n't about * fun *, 
  negativity ? 
  i 've never seen negativity around dark souls . 
  it 's an excellent game , one of the best on the current gen and always referred to as one . 
  it 's just difficult as fuck . 
  in a good way . 
  ipods and mp3 players are last decade . 
  gta5 set in modern day with smartphones and apps should at least have an app to listen to radio . 
  i 've never heard of moshi monsters, 
  would you be happier if they had released the entire thing including the single player campaign a month or two later then ? 
  they 'd still have server issues anyway no matter how much time they put into it , any game this size will . 
  at least they sound prepared . 
  you can set your world to `` invite only '' if you want to . 
  it 's definitely more fun with friends but it should n't bee too difficult with strangers either . 
  gta missions are n't that complicated . 
  you 're either shooting until a room is empty or running away from cops . 
  i 've played many 4 player online coop games with 3 strangers and had great success with it . 
  also they said the game would match you up with people near your location in real life , which can be helpful for non-english speakers . 
  planetside is p2w . 
  much more p2w than what gtao sounds like . 
  i can deal with what rockstar 's doing . 
  it 's bullshit you can buy cash . 
  like i said it definitely is n't a worst case scenario like `` cash only items '' would be . 
  it 's not as bad as it could be , but it 's not ideal . 
  please remember at the time of this news we did n't have confirmation for free dlc . 
  that news made this seem a smaller deal . 
  yeah except skyrim is a shitty game on any standards except for graphics and dark souls is a masterpiece , but whatever floats your boat pleb . 
  it 's worked perfectly for me . 
  it did n't work 2-3 days after launch but now it 's been smooth with zero problems . 
  maybe just to add a touch of color to the comment . 
  but skyrim is crap though , no matter what game you compare it to . 
  and i have over 100 hrs in it so i 'm qualified to call it crap . 
  inb4 you ca n't criticize a game if you spent over a certain amount of hours playing it . 
  actually while that 's correct in english in finnish we do n't capitalize nationalities or languages . 
  or ethnic groups or whatever finn qualifies as . 
  ebin, 
  i label you a pleb because skyrim is the kind of game that attracts praise from casual players or paid reviewers only . 
  it 's a mile wide and an inch deep . 
  it has beautiful landscapes , but that 's about it . 
  the items are a joke , they 're in a straight line with no disadvantages to any . 
  you want a sword ? 
  well here 's the same sword in 8 different colours with each being better in every way than the last one so you never have to make decisions . 
  some quality rpg right there . 
  how about the gameplay ? 
  it 's not the worst i 've ever played but the melee combat was boring as shit with two ( 2 ) swing animations in the entire game . 
  and i 've played a ton of games that nail melee combat so it 's certainly not impossible . 
  how about quests ? 
  go to place x , kill draugrs in a cave . 
  go to place y , kill draugrs in a cave . 
  go to place z , kill draugrs in a cave . 
  seriously ? 
  oh and maybe some `` i know you 're the savior of our entire planet but could you go fetch me a bottle of beer '' quests . 
  with maybe a draugr protecting the bottle . 
  i did n't even mention the broken economy , the op skills and the absolutely worthless skills that make character creation full of obvious choices . 
  or the fact that potions heal instantly and you can cause any time causing all melee battles to be swing , pause , potion , swing , pause , potion , swing , pause ... or the way towns have like 4 people in them ? 
  how nothing you do seems to matter . 
  kill a dragon in the middle of a marketplace and the npcs do n't even react . 
  that 's not 21st century standards . 
  npcs have more than the 1 pre-redorded line these days . 
  or the time i went into an orc mine with an orc character and every orc there yelled at me for not being an orc just like they did to a human character . 
  they were too lazy to record additional lines for anything . 
  skyrim has beautiful landscapes . 
  if that 's enough to make you think a game is good then all the power to you . 
  that combined with weed is what kept me going for so long . 
  if you actually demand some content then skyrim is not for you . 
   much more concentrated on macro, 
   average unspent resourceds 3467, 
  unless you were at 200 for long periods of time that 's not very good . 
  you can smoke weed at your safehouse if that 's what you want . 
  franklin says some funny shit stoned . 
  could n't someone break in through the first floor windows and walk up the stairs ? 
  you 're the one pulling `` superiority '' into this thing . 
  i never said playing better games makes me a better person . 
  it just means i play better games . 
  video games are entertainment . 
  besides i play cod occasionally , it 's not that bad . 
  you can link it to rockstar social club on your ingame phone via the instagram app when you 're connected to live . 
  or go to http://socialclub.rockstargames.com/, 
  it wo n't jump from 1 to 2 if you stay unarmed and do n't attack or try to run . 
  i 'd like to hear your opinion once you try the carpet bombing mission . 
  i 'm a pretty good pilot and it does n't seem that hard but damnit it took me like 15 tries . 
  most of the times i missed 1 target but on my first try i actually cleared them all only to walk into the propellor after landing . 
  or got the plane stuck on those stupid poles on the runway when landing . 
  i really enjoyed starting it from the beginning each time . 
  you can do it in about 60 seconds too so not that long . 
  and you do n't have to wait for it to disappear completely if you drive into garages or los santos customs etc.
