  dooooommmm !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  love and waffles ,, 
  yeah for a second there i thought she actually figured out how to rip audio from a youtube video . 
  not quite . 
   her sitting deadly serious at a piano with music playing over it . 
  is that really even a piano ? 
  it reminds one in op 's video but when i started looking at her other videos it 's starting look more and more like a desk . 
  if he was n't as handsome i could totally see this video being posted to r/cringe . 
  i 'm aware . 
  that was n't a `` day after the launch '' kind of update either . 
  i played it a few months after release and it was n't there . 
  i remember everyone saying it 'd be a good idea though . 
  that world was so empty i had to google an enemy spawn to try out a weapon i unlocked . 
  predator maps ? 
  i played those once in both asylum and city . 
  i just do n't get the appeal . 
  the combat challenge maps on the other hand were amazing . 
  i spent way more time in those than i did in the campaign , and i finished both of the games . 
  it was never that good to begin with , but it has alison brie . 
  open the link . 
  the americas , or ... 
  also this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continent#number_of_continents, 
  america and your silly car prices . 
  that minivan would be 60-80k where i live . 
  exactly my thought . 
  it 's funny because there are n't that many restaurants near here . 
  that ethiopian is the closest restaurant to my house . 
  and nobody ever talks about ethiopian food but it 's delicious . 
  indeed , weed does n't help though . 
  you can manually adjust the temperature . 
  the default is way too orange for my liking . 
  i have it set at 5200k ( daylight is 6500k , default night is 3000k i think ), 
  occasionally i will buy a full price title , such as gta v . this only happens about once a year though , the last time i paid 50 $ for a game was fifa12 i think . 
  if it 's a single player focused game with dlc i always wait for the `` complete edition '' or goty or whatever it 's called . 
  why not both ? 
  the game was released in november 2012 . 
  that patch came out february 19th, 
  3 months but what i ca n't figure out now is how i got the game for 20 $ in december if it only came out in november ( unused , normal video game store ) . 
  people still play d3 ? 
  yes, 
  only people who go to canary island are british working class douchebags and other uneducated folk . 
  21st century uk is like a wannabe us anyway . 
  median is a type of average, 
  first paragraph, 
  half of people have less than 2 eyes ? 
  yes . 
  though if i was gon na ship one i 'd get a german car from germany . 
  apparently op only watches rwj and the likes . 
  i have n't had this issue . 
  it 's * okay * . 
  not terrible but i did n't get hooked on it like i predicted i would . 
  skyrim is amazing ? 
  it has amazing scenery . 
  but the gameplay is shit , the world is shallow and boring and the quests are repetitive . 
  the weapons and armor are worst i 've ever seen in an rpg . 
  linear upgrades ? 
  seriously ? 
  like they say , skyrim is a mile wide and an inch deep . 
  i know there are amazing mods that make skyrim towns look a lot better but what 's with the blur effect ? 
  looks worse than vanilla xbox because of it . 
  oblivion : some women are robbing and blackmailing married men . 
  i need you to find the suspects , let them try to seduce you , and catch them in the act . 
  skyrim : some women are robbing and blackmailing married men . 
  i need you to go into this dungeon full of draugr and kill them . 
  oblivion : these ghosts are haunting my ship . 
  here 's a silver sword . 
  can you kill them for me ? 
  skyrim : these ghosts are haunting my ship . 
  here 's the location of a dungeon full of draugr . 
  go and find an item from there to help me drive them away . 
  oblivion : climb into the well out back and fetch me a ring that sunk to the bottom . 
  jokes on you !, 
  that ring is going to make you drown . 
  skyrim : a bandit stole my ring , man . 
  can you go into this dungeon and get it back for me ? 
  oh , and watch out for the draugr . 
  oblivion : guess what ? 
  you 're trapped on an island where hunters hunt people for fun , and you 're the prey . 
  have fun !, 
  skyrim : some guy is running a game on an island where people hunt other people for fun . 
  word has it he 's in a dungeon nearby looking for treasure to fund his game . 
  go and kill him . 
  what ? 
  you want to see this game for yourself ? 
  nonsense , the dungeon will be far more convenient . 
  off you go . 
  try not to trip over any draugr . 
  same things bothered me . 
  nothing i did felt like it mattered . 
  i was already the saviour of the entire world with a huge armor made of dragon skeletons yet no one seemed to care and gave me menial tasks like fetching a bottle of ale or something . 
  even new vegas had that reputation mechanic where people talked to you differently based on what you did . 
  it did n't seem that hard to execute . 
  and even if it was hard they did n't even ** try ** in skyrim . 
  one particular instance that absolutely killed my immersion was when i , an orc character , entered a mine for orcs . 
  and every single orc said something along the lines of `` what are you doing here , you 're not an orc !, 
  '' , `` only orcs allowed '' etc. 
  they did n't even bother to record additional voices for when the player actually is an orc !? 
  that 's lazy and terrible . 
  aside from the items my biggest gameplay complaint was how potions worked . 
  you used them from the pause menu , you could pause any time , they worked instantly and because of how op alchemy was , how broken the economy was and simply if you did any looting you always had more potions than you needed .
