  and yes i already know the answer . 
  at-will employment . 
  did this only happen to the images already there , or are new ones being duplicated as well ? 
  if you take the card out , snap a few pictures and put it back in do those get duplicated as well ? 
   you 'd be factually incorrect , but in the context of an everyday conversation you 'd be close enough . 
  exactly . 
  i 'd consider a facebook comment to be closer to an `` everyday conversation '' than a game show . 
  what if we 're the only sane ones left ? 
  or just do n't want to ruin a perfect excuse . 
  imgur allows 5mb gifs for free customers . 
  that gif is 153.93 kb, 
  that 's 0,153 megabytes . 
  i 'm glad it worked out for you . 
  yeah i feel like the dock has always turned into worse with every update , but it takes about 2 days after which you do n't even notice it . 
  if it were n't for those tits you really would n't look at her twice : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bdu7wdtcmaawuxj.jpg, 
  it 's literally the first three results if you search for `` zlatan ibrahimovic '' and nothing more on google . 
  if there 's one thing i 've learnt from playing hut 11-13 it 's that ** never buy packs ** . 
  i mean unless you 're into putting real money in the game , but i never did that . 
  with pucks it 's all about the marketplace . 
  buy low , sell high . 
  that and optimizing your expenses like contracts . 
  people see ads ? 
  on the internet ? 
  are you doing something wrong ? 
  idgaf because adblock was released in like 2006, 
  people who put `` principles '' ahead of practicality is something i never understood . 
  raping your kid ? 
  probably feels good temporarily . 
  shooting a mall ? 
  you probably had pent up anger you wanted to channel somewhere . 
  putting principles ahead of practicality ? 
  why ? 
  you 're only making things difficult with no real reason or gain . 
   she 's still average, 
  ftfy, 
  really i 've been using adblock since 2006 so personally there 's really no `` point '' in any direction here . 
  you have n't jacked off into the sink today . 
  yet . 
  yeah and honestly i think it 's by far the easiest method . 
  i 'm saying there are a lot of things common thought of as `` unimaginable '' or having no possible justification on any level . 
  raping your kids or public massacres are usually among those things . 
  i can even think of some reasons behind those decisions , yet i still ca n't understand people who value principles over practicality . 
  sure , as does anything sexually related . 
  because laws are famous for stopping people on the internet, 
  i 'm not saying what google is doing is practical . 
  installing adblock and not giving a shit if google breaks their promises is practical . 
  no they are n't . 
  at most they 'll force a day or two of downtime and a change in hosts . 
  silkroad was taken offline and it was celebrated as a win for the authorities . 
  bmr ( exactly the same service ) saw over a 300 % increase in sales . 
  megaupload was taken down and it was celebrated as a win for the authorities , a dozen sites doing the exact same thing popped up . 
  thepiratebay was taken down and again it was celebrated as a win for the authorities . 
  there are still a. dozens of sites working as piratebay proxies b. hundreds of other trackers providing the exact same service . 
  child porn is probably the most `` taboo '' and forbidden subject . 
  the lawmakers and authorities can do anything with no questions asked as long as they mention `` child porn '' . 
  i could still find child porn in 30 seconds if i wanted to . 
  google can already do whatever the fuck they want . 
  they are doing whatever the fuck they want . 
  they 're just doing it in a way that is the most profitable . 
  being an all out bond villain with the goal to destroy the world is n't very profitable in the long run . 
  collector 's edition, 
  there are still people who believe it was n't ? 
  also , an `` inside job '' is not a yes or no question . 
  this might come as a shock to you but the entire world is just shades of gray . 
  yeah how ridiculously funny that anyone who dared to be critical of what they were told were labeled `` tin foils '' or `` conspiracy theorists '' , and that the exact same thing will keep happening over other issues . 
  because we export a lot of shit to the u.s. 
  the u.s. does n't mind if it loses one country to do business with , most countries would notice if u.s stopped doing business with them . 
  i 've been using 1440p for a few years now and every time i have to use the browser my 1080p tv the resolution looks so fucking terrible i ca n't even imagine using it as my primary screen . 
  i 'm not trying to hate on 1080p , just pointing out that there 's no resolution `` good enough '' . 
  once you get used to a higher resolution anything lower than it looks like crap and feels restrictive . 
  i remember being happy once with a 800x600 monitor . 
  i think they got it up to 99.1 % while working in the superlab . 
  or after that while doing their own thing . 
  the potency did change when their setups changed . 
  you want your women to wear makeup to bed ? 
  i think it 'd be a bit redundant . 
  not including the few indie games almost games all the games i buy are year old and `` goty '' or `` complete editions '' or whatever . 
  they 're always less than 30 $ . 
  usually around 20 $ while the original is 15 $ . 
  my shelf of xbox games is 75 % `` complete editions '' . 
  the debt ceiling is for the government . 
  while the governments negotiate export/import treaties the actual payment is generally from a private company . 
  they can have money even if the government does n't . 
  i like that as a slogan but it did n't i say it 's even less logical ? 
   crows are the only animals aside from us that can use tools to fabricate other or better tools , which was one of the largest leaps in evolution we have made . 
  for example in this video a chimp or elephant would be able to grab a stick to reach the food , but they would n't comprehend the sequence of using a smaller stick to retrieve a larger stick that can reach the food . 
  that 's what i wonder every time i see this gif . 
  was the crow actually put into a situation with the peanut and the sticks etc. 
  and figured it out on his own , or was the crow taught to get the stick , use that stick to get another stick , and then get the food . 
  yeah that study was bullshit , but how about the one where some sort of monkeys ( probably chimpanzees ) beat all the humans in the memory game . 
  i have n't seen that debunked anywhere . 
  e. ok that youtube video appears to have an `` update '' with `` the accuracy of the findings presented in this video , and this study itself , has been disputed . '', 
  as well . 
  if we pitch this idea to google are you fine with a 50-50 split of the commission ? 
  there are a bunch of videos about the experiement if you just google `` chimpanzee memory test '' . 
  it 's pretty amazing ( if it 's real ) . 
  yeah well i 'm a straight guy who finds 99 % of female `` pornstars '' to be disgusting yet people still watch that crap like crazy . 
   1 ) personally , i do n't like touching the toilet seat . 
  it grosses me out , especially how nasty the underside of that thing gets ( real quick ) . 
  there are these products that you can buy and spray on the toilet .
