  if there was n't the option to continue it would n't be much of a choice would it ? 
  the point is n't to get 100 % of the players to stop . 
  it 's that there are some players who will stop . 
  it 's like you 're not even reading and just repeating what you said three messages ago . 
  her wikipedia article also describes how she was forced to give blow jobs to yakuza members as a 13 year old or something and how that inspired her porn career . 
   if it 's on tv , i will still watch the new episodes, 
  and people like you are the reason i do n't have a tv anymore, 
  no it still makes me think of orange :p, 
  but if the writer had n't finished it then there would be nothing for the player to decide . 
  i 'm not trying to be rude . 
  also known as roccutane in the eu . 
  i remember something in the side effects about not getting pregnant in the year following usage as the baby would have horrible defects . 
  to a lot of people the images from 9/11 are like those soldiers raising the flag at iwo jima . 
  that screamer made it really lame, 
  i 'm pretty sure marines fall under the term soldiers as well . 
   in most armed forces use of the word ` soldier ' has taken on a more general meaning due to the increasing specialization of military occupations that require different areas of knowledge and skill-sets . 
  as a result , ` soldiers ' are referred to by names or ranks which reflect an individual 's military occupation specialty arm , service , or branch of military employment , their type of unit , or operational employment or technical use such as : trooper , tanker , commando , dragoon , infantryman , marine , paratrooper , ranger , sniper , engineer , sapper , medic , or a gunner . 
  army is n't the only branch of military that has soldiers . 
  marines are a type of soldier . 
  i do n't know if any of you know ghostrobo but that guy looks exactly like him, 
  yeah but when it was built like that ( like in texas ) it definitely was n't a nice place focused on the comfort of the population . 
  wait what 2005 ? 
  yeah but op said he 's been working on this for the ** past ** 2,5 years but there 's a color version from 2005 ? 
  or is the op 's sketch based on this drawing ? 
  in some genres permadeath works . 
  mmorpg is not one of them . 
  if my character died i 'd probably never start up the game again . 
  i understand not everyone thinks like i do but a lot of people do . 
  while i agree with many of your points in theory , the sad reality would be that i 'd likely play one character till the end and quit . 
  on a grand scale the game world would probably be much more dynamic and interesting than in a traditional mmorpg but for a single player permadeath would have more negative effects than positive . 
  mainly that there 's no reason to come back once you die . 
  then again i 've never played an mmorpg more than the free weekend of wow so who am i to speak . 
  breaking news !, 
  people are stupid . 
  more at eleven . 
  you were raped long before that in the scene after the `` demon '' boss . 
  that 's germany . 
  no violence but sex is ok . 
  in rest of europe both are ok . 
  it probably is n't about the price of gatorade rather than just a choice . 
  a lot of people prefer water . 
  yes , the stuff that 's in the toilet . 
  yeah well that 's what i meant . 
  players and coaches choose water over gatorade because it 's better for hydration . 
  and sugary shit tastes horrible when you 're actually thirsty . 
  tennis sucks dick . 
  badminton and raquetball are great though . 
  have you ever hard the problem of the controller falling out of your hands unexpectedly ? 
  yeah me neither . 
  fuck you, 
  there 's some freedom of expression for you . 
  there was never any child porn on r/jailbait . 
  the rumors were the users of / r/jailbait were sharing them via pm , that 's why it got shut down . 
  i 'm willing to bet you never even went to / r/jailbait yet here you are discussing it 's content . 
   everyone loves tvtropes, 
  i do n't get that . 
  i never understood it when tvtropes was a big thing a few years ago either . 
  i watch a lot of tv ( not from tv , but tv shows ) yet i simply do n't understand the appeal of tvtropes . 
  what about it is supposed to be interesting or `` addicting '' ? 
  even the website itself is a mess and the information is presented in a way that does n't make sense to me . 
  i 've tried to browse it several times after reading how good a site it is but i never get past a single article . 
  i have pureview and while it 's an amazing phone camera i do n't see how it has anything to do with digital zooming . 
  am i the only one who thinks that 's stupid as fuck ? 
  i 'm all for paying respects to a dead guy but in the middle of the street ? 
  of all the places they could 've picked it must be in traffic ? 
  are n't there any parks in boston ? 
  or anything else except for an open route intended for travel ? 
  e. oh look here comes the brigade of downvotes because anything you do in honor of a fallen police officer is automatically a genius move you ca n't criticize . 
  i did n't say paying respects is stupid , there 's a reason regular funerals are n't held in the middle of a road . 
  well i guess then i am a complete and utter asshat because if you asked about the possible locations to hold a memorial service and someone suggested `` how about in the middle of a busy street '' my genuine reaction and opinion would be `` that sounds fucking dumb '' . 
  or `` coca-cola '' as the rest of the world knows it . 
  we use sugar for all our sodas , only in the u.s ( and maybe canada idk ) they use that shitty cane syrup stuff . 
   but their campaign was much more obvious . 
  coke zero campaign was n't obvious ? 
  every single ad had explosions and shit . 
  they were a caricature of themselves . 
  flat ? 
  diet sodas taste a lot more `` bubbly '' than regular sodas , especially if they 're made using syrup . 
  question . 
  was it broken by somebody who was n't the actual owner of the bong ? 
  i 've been working on this theory that every single glass bong eventually gets broken by someone other than the owner . 
  so far it 's held 100 %, 
  well this is n't any sort of a contest . 
  seems like your butt is a little hurt when you try to turn a factual statement into some sort of `` what country is the best '' competition . 
  even though coca-cola was invited in the states the original recipe used sugar that is no longer used in coca-cola sold in the states . 
  in europe and other places sugar is still used , and any `` soda enthusiast '' will tell you it 's ten times better than cane syrup . 
   seems like your butt is a little hurt when you try to turn a factual statement into some sort of `` what country is the best '' competition . 
  except it 's become quite clear we can remove the `` little '' . 
   these bombers were just fucking cowards . 
  well now this is a whole new level of bravery . 
  i guess tragic events do bring us closer to maximize circlejerk . 
  meanwhile people are getting robbed because they 're using hundreds of people and vehicles for this . 
  and i do n't know about you but i can think of better ways to spend my tax dollars than a parade . 
  because the media is paying attention and this is good pr . 
  no , they do n't do this to every officer . 
  maybe not the answer you were looking for , did n't use the words honor or bravery or patriot but the truth . 
  i would but i need to someone to tell me terrorists are evil before i can ejaculate . 
  does that downvote make you feel powerful ? 
  more powerful than anything else in your life ? 
  after all you are deducting imaginary internet points with no value or use from my account , that 's pretty serious .
