  and while myself am also a huge fan of the ninja style he could 've very well played agressively and gotten two kills in the tunnels and survived . 
  or he could 've ninjad like this but gotten spotted immediately and losing the awp with no economic damage dealt . 
  he made a call and it turned out to be the right one , but it does n't mean it 's the only possible right call or always the right call . 
  have you tried the same place you find a vod of any twitch channel ? 
  but could you use this to have the same item three times on your profile ? 
   my friend recommended going with lighter armor so i could fast roll , but i did worse with that than with medium roll stuff , mostly havel 's , so i 'd like to stick with that . 
  tbh your friend was absolutely right . 
  never ever sacrifice fast roll . 
  you might die a few times at first due to lower armor but once you get the hang of it the game becomes a lot easier than with medium roll . 
  avoiding a hit is always better than mitigating damage, 
  friends are now visible by default like they should be . 
  in the previous version you had to manually open the friends list to see who 's online . 
  have you never heard the story about teaching a man to fish etc. ? 
  it 's right there . 
  click on the channel name and `` past broadcasts '' . 
  just like every other twitch channel and vod ever broadcasted . 
  if i gave a direct link he 'd just ask again in the next thread without learning anything . 
  so we 've actually reached a point where going to the channel in question and reading the first two words under the channel description is considered too much effort ? 
  it 's not like i had to read a tutorial to figure it out myself and am witholding this rare information . 
  if you did n't try going to the channel in question then you did n't try finding it before asking . 
  lacks burping, 
  good post, 
  well it is friday, 
  because the first 3 votes usually determine the opinion of the hivemind, 
  there is absolutely no way that her ass is not fake . 
  maybe in this one pic it may look so but try going through her ig and it 's really obvious . 
  i thought for a second australia had snow, 
  thin patties are great and they allow for more surfaces to put cheese on, 
   most people do n't know of any other world trade centers, 
  source ? 
  i 'm willing to bet most people are aware of the wtc in their own city even if it is because of 9/11, 
  i do n't see how that statement was either positive or negative, 
  also random chance . 
  it was three buildings on one day . 
  it hardly has to or can be expected to represent the average heritages and nationalities of people in nyc . 
  no but if you divide the same amount of meat into two patties instead of one you get two times the surface area, 
  i think they 're nice . 
  i prefer thinner burgers overall . 
  i like thick patties with a rare middle if i 'm eating them by themselves like a steak but in a burger i often find a thin patties superior . 
  because the games range between 1960s and near future, 
  wow where in australia was this ? 
  this also worked on the ubuntu i tried back in 2004 or so . 
  and microsoft did n't act like this was a revolutionary technology they came up with to optimize your experience or whatever shit catchphrase they picked ? 
  all companies do this . 
  it 's called advertising . 
  that 's the joke, 
   with a consumer base that 's already decided to buy apple products forever, 
  my last two computer were macs . 
  i loved both . 
  check out my flair . 
  what happened to forever ? 
  i love pc gaming which is why i made the change but every day when i 'm not gaming i wish i was using os x. 
  in the 8 months i 've had this computer i 've had three times as many driver issues and forced reboots than in the 10 years i used a mac . 
  even now i 'm struggling with a strange audio bug i 've tried everything google has to offer with no results . 
  people make fun of the `` it just works '' shit but at least for me it was true . 
  yes it sucks having to take the entire computer in to fix a small thing but guess what ? 
  i never had to because i never needed to fix anything . 
  you must 've not seen very many `` mindfuck '' movies if you consider this to be difficult to understand . 
  do n't get me wrong i love the movie but i think it 's pretty straight forward . 
  i recommend you try something like lost highway or primer or 12 monkeys or something along those lines . 
  any david lynch movie works tbh, 
  i 'm pretty sure kpop is a great example of the dark side of korean culture . 
  what with all the idol farms etc. 
   i 'm sure the majority of people do n't have it, 
  it 's actually extremely common , just like blinking/breathing manually . 
  what triggers it varies . 
   but what you seem to forget is that apple acts like they invented it . 
  not as if they just implemented it to give people a superior experience . 
  no , they made it up and they came with this revolutionary idea . 
  but that 's advertising . 
  nobody is honest in their advertising . 
  if you expect an advertisement to be a neutral and reliable source on who invented what you 're the problem , not the company . 
  i honestly can not fathom how some people can get their panties in a bunch by apple claiming all these inventions when basically every company from toilet paper to outdoor clothing does the exact same thing . 
  you 're not familiar with the phrase `` too sweet '' ? 
  so you have n't noticed how every shampoo commercial makes you hair 8 times shinier than the previous , every tampon sucks in three times the amount of blue period blood , every jacket you buy has it 's own revolutionary staydry \u2122 system that 's just rebranded goretex and every computer monitor has five times better contrast and input lag than all the competitors ? 
   the problem is not me . 
  the problem is the companies doing it , and just because it 's accepted does n't mean it 's not an issue . 
  the problem is you since you 've decided to channel all your frustration to a single company in a culture where everyone does it . 
  you 're like a cop setting up a surveillance van to catch a guy jaywalking . 
   at this point, 
  naniwa was hated even when sc2 was in its prime, 
  it certainly looks like it used to be a real site, 
  the address on google street view shows a food store though, 
  i 'm a layman and that 's far from subtle, 
  smart thief is a pretty big `` if '', 
   the first jump back is impulse reflex . 
  well that 's kind of the thing . 
  we expect a mother 's impulse reflex to be to save their child . 
  best action rpg ever created . 
  smell bad, 
  that was terrible, 
  it 's true . 
  the hardest hitter in our team was one of the shortest guys . 
  not that being short makes you a good hitter but that guy had the technique down . 
   unfortunately the airbags did n't deploy, 
  not so sure if that 's unfortunate . 
  airbags fuck you up . 
  their function is to save you from a fatal crash , not to cushion your minor crashes . 
  if all you got was a sore neck it sounds like the airbag functioned properly . 
   i believe i know what 's best for my child , not the government,
