  nothing but avoiding failure matters in school . 
  once you 're out you 're just a graduate of x school . 
  no one will ask how your grades were, 
  it 's even more correct in college, 
  i do n't know how college works where you live but here you 're just a bachelor or masters of your field or whatever title . 
  you have your degree and your work experience or projects you might 've worked on to showcase . 
  absolutely nothing differentiates a guy who has barely passed every class and one who has aced every class once they graduate, 
  stem and based on everything i 've heard from people on this field ( cs ) it matters even less than usual . 
  work experience and possible personal projects are what get you hired . 
  yes it is . 
  it has the word count , it 's technically on subject and it is n't copied from anywhere . 
  it passes . 
   remember zoey 101 , the show on nickelodeon starring britney spears ' younger sister , jamie lynn spears ? 
  no i do n't, 
  yeah but in your examples it 's your skills or perceived skills that matter , not your grades . 
  few companies if any use your grades as an estimate . 
  i 'll never understand people who use qq . 
  it 's much faster to 3-2 since you can use two fingers and do n't have to wait for the key to come back up, 
  kinnunen does n't mean anything in finnish either . 
  it does n't even remotely sound or look like the word for skinner . 
  e. ok apparently it comes from the swedish word `` skinnare '', 
   yes , she spent 4 days with healthy casted legs, 
  well it 's not like legs typically go from broken to healthy on the day they remove the cast, 
  yeah i did n't see actual ankle socks in stores until i was around 15 . 
  people go crazy over some collectable sneakers . 
  i do n't know much about it but i know people camp out overnight to get some limited editions etc. 
  and prices of resold sneakers can go up to over a thousand dollars if it turns out to be a popular one, 
   that 's kinda gross . 
  you usually steal new shoes , not old and beat up shoes . 
   how do you even know if they are your size ? 
  if you 're the type of person to steal shoes off of somebody to wear yourself chances are you do n't have much to lose and if they do n't fit you just throw them away/sell them/give them to your friend, 
  i do n't see any indication of those two being the same person, 
  no his first mistake was marrying someone who would n't be okay with this kind of stuff, 
  do n't forget bloodborne, 
  yeah you can be obnoxiously loud without a setup like this and you can have this and not be obnoxiously loud . 
  the tv and bar stools are hardly the issue . 
  so have we finally reached the point when it 's `` current gen/last gen '' instead of `` next gen '', 
  it 's strange because i do n't really remember the 360/ps3 being called `` next-gen '' after their launch . 
   i 'm waiting for confirmation for either way, 
  you think there 's some official document of authenticity for each gif and youtube video that 's ever created ? 
  what do you want to hear ? 
  what 's happening in the gif is n't even close to doable with current technology . 
  therefore it 's obviously fake . 
  do you expect there to be like a news article and a scientific study someone can quote about this particular gif being cgi ? 
   apparantly that 's struck a nerve with a lot of people on this sub for some reason ... 
  because you 're being presented solid logic why it is fake and dismiss them `` until a valid source confirms it '' like such a source would exist or could be expected to exist . 
   i 'm not being presented with solid logic, 
  yes you are, 
   their rotor wash would destabilize them . 
  they 're too close together . 
   they have to tilt and lean inorder to move in any direction other than up/down , and all the ones in this image are staying perfectly upright at all times . 
  also the original source has been posted and it 's a professional studio whose channel is full of cgi videos . 
  it 's literally their job to create cgi videos . 
  you 're just being a retard for the sake of being a retard . 
  fact checking is important but you fail to grasp what it actually means . 
  not everything in life can be expected to have an official confirmation . 
  i really like the contrast the grey and orange tones create, 
  well obviously . 
  fullscreen was more a figure of speech than a technical term . 
  stuff like web browser or photoshop etc. 
  are all best enjoyed `` fullscreen '', 
  yea i guess . 
  i ca n't really explain how my fingers do it either but enough hours with the awp and i manage to move effortlesly while 3-1 ` ing, 
  good . 
  you just have to convince someone in your team to jungle and suddenly you can offlane properly, 
  i never want to gg out early but im sure people in my party would . 
  it just adds unneeded tension and frustration among your friends . 
  this was csgo but valve said their philosophy is they 'd rather always have the player angry at the game than the other players, 
  the enemy gg ` ing after a teamwipe or first rax would take that away, 
  so overall thats like a difference of few hundred mmr combined . 
  i really cant understand people on this sub who think miniscule differences in mmr matter . 
  it 's like those idiots who have 3.5 k in a 3.4 average declare they deserve mid, 
  the thing is 4chan is a household name . 
  on boards like / int / or other hobbie related blue boards ( 4chan isnt just b , pol and r9k ) you can talk to normal people . 
  all these 8chans and wizardchans only have that autistic guy fawkes mask wearing neckbeard part of 4chan, 
  we 're talking about normal skill bracket . 
  your 1 & 2 were n't going to utilize all the jungle farm anyway, 
  i know that . 
  if i play in a party we do have a trilane or roaming support . 
  of course it 's better . 
  we were talking about how normal skill bracket is full of players who do n't even know what an offlaner is . 
  do you think those people will understand why you would want 3 people on one lane ? 
  everybody knows what a jungler is , you do n't need to explain the fundamentals of competetive dota to get someone to jungle, 
  i 'm saying the two teams of 5 players can still have a fun and fair game of dota . 
  i was half expecting something like `` skate or die motherfucker '' when he asked him why, 
  you can see him land . 
  it 's not that deep maybe one meter at most . 
  he 's wearing protective gear , has clearly had practice falling and it 's a kid . 
  he 's fine, 
  that 's really all the protection you need, 
  while that was an episode of south park that 's not what it means here . 
  south park just took a random word to make fun of `` youth slang words '' while probably not realizing cheesing already is one . 
  it 's when you 're high as fuck and have a permanent stupid smile on your face . 
  i 've never met anyone who hates smoking blunts . 
  sure some prefer smaller joints or other methods of consumption but i 've never seen anyone dislike a blunt . 
  this lacks the single ''  '', 
  probably , what 's your point ? 
  there 's no way finland is 18 % either . 
  50 years ago maybe when german was the primary foreign language taught in schools . 
  well it 's not like the attackers had to face any retaliation :\\ ^ ),
