  i know what serotonin is . 
  i was just referring to how he said using anti-depressants made him like me . 
  i have in the past . 
  i do n't think that 's my problem , whenever a girl jerks my penis they stroke it even harder than what i 'm used to . 
  i was underage when i lost my virginity and it 's always been that way . 
  i 'm not alone btw , i remember reading similiar confessions on other askreddit threads . 
  was there ever a time warfare was n't about money ? 
  or power , but that 's the same thing essentially . 
  1000 years ago it was farmland , trading routes and natural resources . 
  now it 's oil and the weapons industry . 
  not that different after all . 
  is this your first time playing any online game ? 
  whenever you get good at any game people will call you a cheater . 
  there 's nothing you can do about that or the `` reporting '' ( 90 % of the time it 's just threats ) . 
  just take it as a compliment . 
  you have nothing to worry about unless you actually cheat . 
  i can see you did n't read any of my messages entirely which is why i 'm not going to bother typing the same thing again . 
   dying costs 5 % of your bank ( maxing at 5k ) so try to avoid getting in fights with random players . 
  by `` bank '' do you mean the entire wealth ( bank account + cash ) or just one or the other ? 
  just read the sentence after the one you quoted . 
  it completely answers this : `` you know who does n't give a shit about the benefit the receiving bank gets ? 
  the sending bank . '', 
  it 's sad that you were in such a hurry to write your brainfarts you could n't finish 3 lines of text . 
  i got the free garage but for al my friends it 's $ 25k, 
  now they 're wondering if they should wait . 
  are you sure it 's gone for good ? 
  i 've had characters disappear too only to reappear a few hours later . 
  that 's why when i hear all these complaints online about disappearing characters i ca n't help but think at least some of those must be just lack of patience . 
  but none of the `` missions '' you see on the map are really missions . 
  they 're either lts or pvp team vs team missions . 
  i do n't understand why they 're in the same category either , but the real co-op missions are only accessible via phone . 
  none of my friends can get it for free . 
  it says $ 25k . 
  for me it was free , i have ce and they do n't so maybe that makes a difference . 
  i remember reading about a social club garage too though . 
  it 's also a really good car . 
  only few if any of the high-end cars can match that . 
  it does seem to accelerate pretty slowly after reaching ~ 60 though . 
  if i 'm not in a car i go unarmed and do the `` bro love '' taunt . 
  works about 50 % of the time . 
  so far i think the best way to find friendly players is to do a mission with random people and then keep hanging out with them after going back to free roam . 
  people you 've completed a mission with rarely start shooting you even though you spawn next to each other . 
  player vs player ? 
  2 teams of 4 against each other is pvp . 
  in contrast to pve which are 1-6 players against npc enemies . 
  there are n't any special skills in multiplayer so obviously there is no boost . 
  no the ce boost is 25 % faster special ability recharge ( i have ce as well ) . 
  i 'm already 100 driving , 100 shooting and 100 stamina at level 34 and my friend at 25 is almost there as well ( with normal edition ) . 
  it is possible the grandparents you get with ce give you a little boost to starting stats but with everything being capped to 100 it does n't really make a difference . 
  http://www.ign.com/wikis/gta-5/special_editions_and_pre-order_bonuses there is no other boost than the 25 % recharge in sp . 
  the `` internet '', 
  the one with the cars ? 
  go to travel from homepage and it 's something like luxury motorsport or something . 
  if you put in 30 seconds worth of effort you 're guaranteed to find it . 
  one car in total per 24 gta hours . 
  i get 2-3 invites per minute . 
  i have disabled the delay in the settings though , i do n't mind getting constant invites and that way i do n't miss any interesting ones . 
  what ? 
  that 's simply not true . 
  you can either press rt for restart ( it works even when the game does n't show rt on the list of available buttons ) or simply press replay on the grid where you select the next mission . 
  i replayed missions just an hour or so ago , on the new patch . 
  online -  settings ( or options ) -  expanded radar, 
  works just fine for me ( euro if that matters ) . 
  then again i 've never had any problems , been playing since within minutes of the update released with nothing disappearing and everything working etc. 
  i 'm level 38 now . 
  not really bragging , just giving a different side to the issue as it seems 100 % of the internet is full of how gtao does n't work ( everyone else is playing ? ), 
  e. i can also see my character on the social club website . 
  well i do n't know about a lot of people but i can say from first hand experience it worked today because we replayed violent duct around a dozen times ( after the patch ) . 
  i would n't panic . 
  a lot of characters have been disappearing and reappering whenever there 's cloud trouble . 
  i 've been listening to the complaints on party chat for 6 days now , i 've heard it all :p, 
  who 's the one at 00:38 ? 
  i like the $ 2000 hospital fees . 
  honestly i think it 's better than if dying had no impact . 
  now you have incentive to stay alive . 
  it also keeps the games more peaceful as engaging in a firefight will almost always get both parties killed and thus costing money . 
  it 's not like it makes it impossible to earn money . 
  from the social club stats i can see i 've earned a total of $ 977k of which $ 120k has gone into hospitals . 
  and that includes ** a lot ** of fucking around . 
  i feel it 's completely acceptable and would honestly not like it if they lowered the amount . 
  they also made a very clear public announcement saying that at first they will try to get the basics online and the servers under control before implementing online heists and other more complicated features where online stability is even more important . 
  this thread is full of inpatient crybabies . 
  besides , i 'm having a ton of fun with what 's available right now . 
  i would n't even mind if this was the final product . 
  i ca n't kill everyone without any resistance and actually might die myself and have to spend my earned money . 
  if only there was a mode where the other people offered no resistance and i 'd have endless money . 
  oh yeah , that does exist and it 's called single player . 
  online would n't be any fun if you could get all the best cars and equipment with zero difficulty nor time invested . 
  you do n't have to grind to get the best weapons . 
  there is no $ 1m assault rifle . 
  it 's the same rifles that cost around $ 30k-50k with attachments for everyone . 
  you can easily get that without grinding . 
  people here are just looking for excuses to whine . 
  that 's nothing . 
  especially in an online game . 
  i do n't understand all these people who want the game to be over more quickly . 
  i 've played about 50 hours , the last ~ 30hrs or so have been cool missions like parachuting into high security buildings etc. 
  i did n't mind having to do the `` low level '' shit in the beginning , it never felt like a grind to me because it was still fun shooting people and stealing their coke . 
  if anything i always wished gtas ( campaings ) had more of that . 
  i 've made $ 1m so far with no grinding specific missions or buying with real money .
