   a few days later , a spokeswoman for `` top gear '' issued a statement saying the car was `` videotaped being pushed to show what would have happened if the roadster had run out of charge '', 
   tara davies , a spokeswoman for the bbc , said : `` we never claim that the car ran out of charge . 
  the voice-over says , ` if it does run out it 's not a quick job to charge it up again . '', 
  yeah at it 's heart i think it 's a bit of a misunderstanding from tesla about the nature of the show . 
  they probably expected it to be like reality television of a test drive . 
  that 's not top gear though , they do their research and wanted to mention the range and recharge problems and the most fitting backdrop for such a message is naturally a car that 's run out of charge . 
  so they filmed footage to fit the idea of a shot they had in mind . 
  tesla just did n't understand that . 
  how is it not completely obvious to you that the guy is acting ? 
  i just got flashbacks to something i did n't even remember existing, 
  nah jim carrey is just shit . 
  one step above adam sandler . 
  it 's a good movie i know . 
  so is eternal sunshine and probably something i 'm forgetting . 
  but i was referring to his style of acting in comedy roles/skits which is what make up most of his work . 
  nah my favourite us comedian is probably like bill burr or dave chappelle . 
  on the uk side i like the usual david mitchell , jimmy carr , ricky gervais etc. 
  i know those guys do mostly stand up but i really never ever watch comedy movies . 
  shit man . 
  i 'm really just commenting on their professional work though not personal opinions . 
  so do you drink it with a straw or is it like those mcdonalds coffee cup lids with a hole to drink from ? 
  because i 'd rather spend an afternoon hitting my head against a brick wall than play unranked . 
  i got calibrated at 1.3 k solo 1.2 k party by calibrating immidately after i was able to , having never played a moba before , not watching any tutorials , doing the 100 hero challenge and being high for over 90 % of the games . 
  2.5 k both solo and party now . 
  it 's a long climb to anywhere decent but ~ 57 % win rate does make the game pretty enjoyable . 
  same for everyone, 
  it 's not creepy if you 're in a relationship . 
  it 's creepy if you 're stealing strangers ' hoodies . 
  and that 's why it 's so much better . 
  us office just feels too whitewashed for lack of a better term . 
  it 's too `` clean '' and harmless to enjoy . 
  excellent post, 
  i did have experienced players playing with me though so that definitely helped . 
  though i sometimes look back at my early dotabuffs and wonder how they ever let me build shit like armlet and monkey king bar on skywrath mage . 
  so in addition to your nationality you 're also retarded, 
  i agree with the second paragraph of your post but i do not understand how `` super funny zany time with michael scott '' is a better sitcom than what you yourself said was a better artistic creation . 
  sitcoms come in a variety of styles and they both definitely classify as a sitcom despite stylistic differences . 
  that is why i do n't understand how you can say uk is a better show but us is a better sitcom . 
  it 's not about the number , it 's about enjoying the game . 
  the only times i queue unranked is if i want to try out a hero i have n't played much or at all and every time it such an unorganized fuckfest where nobody cares about winning that the game itself is not enjoyable . 
  nobody buys wards or couriers and the lanes make zero sense . 
  you can say it 's just a pointless number but that pointless number obviously works to motivate people to play properly and that 's what makes competetive games like dota fun . 
  the american equivalent is moving the franchise to another city . 
  no i did n't . 
  i said a show with a wider range of emotions is often better than one that is extremely one dimensional and purposefully designed not to evoke any `` unpleasant '' feelings . 
  but guiness is n't a pilsner ? 
  uk office is a sitcom . 
  but gift cards to movies never cost the price of a regular ticket . 
  i go to the movies once a month and use the gift cards because it 's like 10 $ for a gift card and 13 $ for a regular ticket . 
  i used to get movie gift cards for every birthday and christmas becauase it was such an easy gift . 
  honestly at some point i got 12 movie tickets at once . 
  so i went to the movies with 5 people twice and they paid me like half the price of a ticket or something . 
  everybody won and it did n't feel like i was selling the gift . 
  on a related note this is the first chrsitmas that i actually asked for movie gift cards since my parents stopped gifting them after it was all the extended family gave me but now i 'm that age where extended family does n't give presents anymore . 
  been to the movies twice this month already . 
  sounds like a shitty movie theater if it has uncomfortable seating . 
  it 's a dark room where you stare at a screen . 
  what difference does it make going alone or with a friend when you 're not going to interact during the movie anyway ? 
  steve carrell being silly and jim looking directly at the camera like \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af is n't a huge variety of emotions . 
  sounds like a good deal for something people do for free, 
  but that 's the entire point of the character and the show ? 
  you 're not supposed to like him , you 're not supposed to feel sympathy for him and he is supposed to come off as narcissistic and selfish . 
  that 's his character . 
  you only like tv shows where the characters are likable ? 
  what did go wrong ? 
  looks like that 's what she intended to do . 
  it 's like a reversed bellyflop . 
  tbf the integrated gpu on 4790k is pretty sweet . 
  i use it for encoding video when live streaming so the actual gpu can just focus on the game and have n't had any issues even with the settings cranked to twitch max ( which admittedly is n't that high ), 
  is pc gaming really getting less niche ? 
  to me it feels like in the 90s everyone played on a pc while these days half the people do n't even own a pc just phones and tablets and maybe a console . 
  the ps4 is outselling what 1,2 & 3 did at the time and it does n't even have games yet, 
   linus is n't the kind of guy who would lie, 
  law says he has to disclose what ? 
  if this video was sponsored by best buy ? 
  you 're naive to the point of slight mental retardation if you do n't think him working with best buy and having best buy sponsored videos does n't affect him in this video even if this one is n't technically directly sponsored by them . 
  til there 's more than one five nights at freddy 's game, 
  it 's not a metal gear solid game . 
  it 's a spin-off in the same universe but you really do n't need to have played the other games . 
  it 's written like a start to a new franchise with its own characters outside the protagonist . 
  wait are you saying you wo n't run into random strangers outside the safe zone hub areas ? 
  just ai and your party members ? 
  this game is looking more and more shit every time there 's a new article about it . 
  complete opposite . 
  this was probably the game i 've been most looking forward to in the past 3 years but in the last month it 's become quite clear to me that it 's likely utter garbage . 
  i still have the beta key and will give it a shot but damn i wish we could get a game anything like the original trailers suggested ( and i do n't mean graphics ) . 
  honestly i have no clue . 
  it just works . 
  i checked what it was and it 's called intel quick sync . 
   intel quick sync video uses the dedicated media processing capabilities of intel \u00ae graphics technology, 
  that definitely sounds to me like it uses the cpu 's graphics card . 
  and it 's only available on processors with a gpu . 
  quick sync is its own separate option, 
  yes, 
  i play a fair amount of arma 3 and never have had any issues with temperatures but i do have a pretty solid cooler ( macho rev b ) . 
  i 'm running it on factory clocks and like 45c with arma on very high :\\ ^ ), 
  gaming as a whole is bigger than ever before, 
  i did n't mean to imply it 's like a condition required to be a good show , but it definitely does help . 
  us office just feels boring and pointless to me . 
  except op is still stuck with an amd gpu that does n't work with half the modern games so he 's shit out of luck i guess .
