  i live in a country with conscription and it 's really as easy as `` i do n't want to , i do n't think i can do it '' to get out of it . 
  vast majority still do it because they consider it `` honorable '' . 
  why not both ? 
  yeah but could n't you just * say * you do it . 
  dae rape is terrible, 
  you do realize the occupation of japan was a u.s. operation with u.s. soldiers ? 
  a punishment he does n't feel either . 
  getting executed is the rought part . 
  how he was buried after that did n't affect him in any way . 
  but i 'm not complaining . 
  the front page can hold 50 posts . 
  if you 're not inrestested in battlefront discussion at this stage of the development i 'm sure you find other content that better fits your needs . 
  a lot of people do consider the battlefront discussion ( = hype & rumors ) to be interesting . 
   some skills are thousands of times better and others are nigh on useless, 
  other than the gun skills naturally being really important i do n't think that 's true . 
  but even if they are that 's a problem with the game , not the character creator . 
  they obviously should n't have planned for certain skills to be better and for the player to know this when they start the game . 
  even then i do n't consider it a big thing as you can pretty easily switch out your party throughout the game and it 's long enough that you can make changes into what you prioritize . 
  learning and adapting your leveling based on how you 've solved the previous missions and creating your own playstyle was part of the experience in my opinion . 
  i actually am surprised . 
  i never imagined i 'd get to see the day eu leaders `` gave in to populist agendas '' , much less this early . 
  i 'm waiting excitedly for the official announcement before i start celebrating though . 
  yeah but you guys also do n't have the workers ' rights we do . 
   but on the other hand , people are being slaughtered over there , and most of these migrants are really refugees running for their lives . 
  you ca n't keep `` bringing them over to a better place '' endlessly . 
  yes it an uncomfortable idea declining immigration from a young family in a war zone but if everyone just escapes those problem areas they 'll never get fixed . 
  europe does n't have enough room or infrastucture to take everybody from africa or the middle east and the sooner we start really working on alternative solutions the better , even if it means making tough calls in short term . 
  it 's not so it is more of a 9 months summer camp with guns but if war were to break out i 'm sure the majority of people who 've completed their military training would report in . 
  yeah but eu countries in general are n't struggling from lack of workforce but unemployment . 
  especially for `` lower end '' jobs like manual labor and such which is what african immigrants usually end up doing due to lack of education/language skills . 
  we need more jobs not workers , and with our welfare systems it 's more expensive to have `` excess '' workers than it is in the u.s. 
  needs numbers . 
  they were probably drunk, 
  til the anthem actually has lyrics and is n't just random chanting, 
  that 's why i play co-op swarm . 
   the only way i myself , as an unskilled pilot ( about 20 hours played since ac ) am going to get better is to play vs better competition . 
  i cant do that if i am only matched vs other unskilled . 
  the thing is though , you 're not just fighting better pilots , you 're fighting much better ships . 
  and because your ship sucks you barely ever get any kills which means you barely get any rec which means you 'll continue having a shit ship . 
  it 's not supposed to be an effective tool . 
  it 's a fun toy to play around , certainly more fun than just drawing those lines in photoshop . 
  pretty sure it was both, 
  because it 's traditionally thought not to form a physical addiction and saying it 's habit forming ( which it is ) is pretty trivial since all things that bring pleasure can be habit forming when used in excess . 
  well , sure . 
  even a europe that 's much worse than it is now would be a better place to live than some of these problem areas . 
  but that 's why it 's not their call . 
   `` i saw them and said to my publicist , ` can i pretend to fall ? ' and she said , ` i ca n't stop you , '' schumer told time about the stunt . 
  i already hate her, 
  well 1:9 is a whole lot better than 0:9, 
   really the only way to remove the advantage that mouse users have over joysticks is to uncouple aiming and flight control . 
  or go full yolo and not include mouse support for flying :\\ ^ ), 
  the `` character '' i was referring to was the one doing the hushing . 
  could this be done so that the ramp going to the opposite side would start from the other side of the highway ? 
  probably would n't look as cool and you 'd have to separate the main roads a bit from each other but you 'd avoid the problem of everyone grouping on the right lane . 
  i 'm a guy but i 'm a pretty damn good chef and i like co-op video games and netflix binge watching which i 'm pretty sure are qualities looked for in wife material, 
  24 and while dope could be any drug `` smoke some dope '' is definitely weed . 
  yeah but they do . 
  they also drink alcohol . 
  and smoke cigarettes . 
  none of these is a new phenomenon . 
  i 'm not saying we should praise it or romanticize it but denying it happens is even more ridiculous . 
  i 'm willing to bet most people on this sub like me ( 24 , recognize drugs are harmful to kids ) smoked weed and drank beer at 16 . 
  yeah while i 'm glad to see this i do n't think most people 's concern about the game was that it 's becoming `` casualized '' . 
  it 's that it does n't fucking work properly and they are sceptical if it ever will . 
  buy my fat gut gets in the way, 
  yeah 7th grade was when the cool kids started drinking here too . 
  i still remember first friday of 7th grade . 
  i did n't smoke weed until high school though . 
  yeah sucks are a lot worse . 
  when tying your shoes you can kneel with one knee which circumvents the problem partially . 
  with socks there is no workaround . 
  no , they do n't suck . 
  they have a working business model . 
  but it does probably cost them less than $ 5 to manufacture one . 
  yeah well , that might be your definition of `` soul '' but it 's not mine . 
  his shoulders and back did soften the impact though , at least he did n't `` land '' on his head . 
  i do n't think this concept is against info and data . 
  the icons are very clear and condensed which leaves a lot of screen space for details once you select a weapon . 
  i hardly doubt the text that is there is more than a placeholder at this stage . 
  i could see this concept working well with tons of detailed info . 
  that being said i like any change that lets me equip 4 guns on my ln . 
  yeah i was also planning to start out offering escort services ( heh ) to big freighters so this is actually a great idea . 
   going every 1-2 weeks is recommended if you have a corporate job , every 4-5 weeks if you do n't care as much about maintaining perfect lines . 
  what about every 4 months like i do ? 
  i do n't know about `` obnoxious '' but her torso is very long looking . 
  not just slim , but long . 
  she has the rare body proportions of nessa devil . 
  i thought wireless mouses were a thing that was cool for a few years during the millenium and then died off because they sucked . 
  like one of those `` in the year 2005 '' things in 80s movies . 
  it 's not even the same , all wireless mice have input lag . 
  this is the stupidest fucking thing i 've read on reddit for a long time , why does it have 200 upvotes ? 
   if not all, 
  you 're literally insinuating that an entire section of a stadium would drive drunk . 
  i do n't know if you 're just delusional or if you personally think drunk driving is not that big a deal because that 's an absurd statement . 
  european football stadiums are usually located in the middle of the city without any sort of parking structure . 
  driving to the game is not `` a thing '' like it is in the states where stadiums are usually a little further away and have huge parking lots with tailgating parties etc. 
  do you play vidya ? 
  yea well you 're not going to notice a bit of input lag while doing a powerpoint presentation, 
  while i agree about the ridiculous tag, 
   without implants,
