  that 's so sad . 
  i did n't say i hated the core of the game , it 's just boringly executed . 
  there are tons of good hack and slashes . 
  why would you be downvoted for such a question ? 
  yes in most of her videos . 
  she 's really fucking hot but every scene 's kinda the same . 
  do n't know about that but i know for a fact there are a lot of scenes of her with different men . 
  yeah there 's no downside to muta regen or phoenix range or void rays . 
  it 's hots , everything 's better . 
  vods ? 
  all the hdr and shit gets tiring on your eyes if you ladder a lot, 
  also it 's easier to see what 's going on in the middle of a battle, 
  low settings ftw, 
  orgasms , showers and food are my top3 . 
  especially food . 
  people who label themselves are usually complete tools . 
  i 've seen tons of tits on youtube, 
  i have that gif but i do n't know how the moderators would feel about posting it, 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vmggn0u.gif ) the actual gif for anyone who really want 's to see it . 
  nsfw of course . 
  do n't click if you 're not prepared . 
  do n't complain since you asked for it . 
  definitely nsfw . 
  do n't click if you do n't wan na see it . 
  nsfw . 
  [ for those who want to know ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vmggn0u.gif ) . 
  nsfw . 
  nsfw of course . 
  do n't click if you 're not prepared . 
  do n't know how long it 's gon na be up on imgur . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vmggn0u.gif ) some visuals for you . 
  nsfw, 
  you can [ decide for yourself ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vmggn0u.gif ) . 
  nsfw . 
  yeah no cringe involved whatsoever . 
  it was hilarious . 
  i know what subreddit i 'm on but she was hotter before . 
  typically just get a fine ? 
  i know this varies from city to city but i 'm from the helsinki region and have been caught red handed a few times and never even gotten a fine . 
  and blazed outside in public hundreds of times if not a thousand without running into the police . 
  weed is expensive , but that 's pretty much all you have to worry about . 
  if you do get a fine it 's relatively small , under 100 $ . 
  him and his friends sound like an average group of white people from anywhere in the globe . 
  i use words like nigger , faggot etc. 
  and i 'm not racist and support gay rights . 
  even if half of people who got married did get divorced it does n't mean half of people who get married will have an insane ex who 's going to misuse her powers . 
  i 'd rather try to make my married life as good and trusting as possible without worrying about `` potential divorce '' . 
  if that happens i might be fucked but i would n't want to live in a marriage preparing for it to end . 
  yeah this is the impression i 've gotten . 
  if i think about my high school friends ( = from the area ) i 'd estimate over 90 % have smoken weed . 
  well 100 % of my friends but over 90 % of the class . 
  in college i 've met more people from rural finland and it seems to be a totally different case . 
  it 's pretty funny because i 'm used to being open about it ( like rolling a j on the table in a party ) and some people are totally shocked :p, 
  i did n't have to search for it , it was already on my hard drive , 
  do n't ask questions you do n't want to hear the answers to . 
  i could be freehand . 
  i 've had that same picture as a desktop background for about a year and it 's not identical . 
  that video has a finnish title . 
  op is finnish . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  calm down . 
  op just copied the title of the site . 
  what ali wore, 
  rss archive, 
  this is ali . 
  he walks past my work every morning wearing great clothes, 
  www.zoespawton.com ask me anything, 
  that 's the title that goes with the pictures and i do n't care if it 's op or some other guy who the title is referring to . 
  and he gave credit , relax . 
  yeah, 
  i actually prefer this . 
  1v1 league tells a lot more about player skill than team league . 
  i tried to spot the hands but they seemed to be semi hidden/only partially in view the whole time . 
  regardless i knew from 2 seconds in it was about a gay couple ( which i why i paid attention to the hands ) . 
  not sure why . 
  is she 13 ? 
  yeah i 'm an european and have to agree the american system is much better . 
  you can just carry around a money clip instead of a wallet because coins are worthless . 
  i like that . 
  it works in more than one country . 
  besides us non-americans on an american site are pretty used to assuming everything is us only . 
  yeah except that i do n't remember any other company doing a publicity stunt even remotely close to this and i also do n't remember google fucking us over like almost every other large corporation does . 
  except if you count stalking us but it really does n't affect my life any way so i honestly do n't care if google is tracking my web browsing . 
  i know i 'm supposed to hate google because they make money but i just ca n't . 
  an average pr stunt by a corporation is so blatantly obvious it 's cringeworthy but when a google makes an announcement like this it sounds genuinely good . 
  i honestly believe i/we might profit from this . 
  google will also of course but it feels more like a win-win situation than the average `` what are they trying to cover up ? '', 
   slightly healthier, 
  because there 's more air and less cheez-it ? 
  i do n't like this . 
  yes i saw the there are three reasons in the picture . 
  i do n't agree with them . 
  i enjoy a certain amount of uncertainty and chaos in the battlefield . 
  it 's supposed to be war after all . 
  not everything needs a flashing ui element . 
  it 's never going to come to that . 
  you clearly understand nothing of online advertisement . 
  first of most of it 's automatically generated , the advertiser does n't necessarily even know his ad is on reddit . 
  secondly just because one or two products a day or week make the front page does n't mean the market to sell ads to a website that has millions of views a day suddenly just disappears . 
  a lot of time it 's easier to pay a small sum than to come up with a post that 's guaranteed to make the front page .
