  but in my mind the [ walrus episode ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cj_tfuhztp8 ) was by far the scariest pingu . 
  btw watching them now on youtube it 's funny how pingu episodes are like 5 minutes long . 
  i could 've sworn they were something like 30 minutes an episode . 
  i never got into the multiplayer aside from splitscreen terrorist hunt but my main dislike was how you couldnt die and only played as one guy, 
  oh yeah i had totally forgotten that one, 
  i 've used linux ( ubuntu , fedora ) as my main os at home and use it at school every day . 
  like you said osx is based on linux and is coupled with overpriced hardware which are both true but you left out the part where osx made the os actually work fluently and a pleasure to use unlike linux . 
  and there 's plenty of freedom once you learn to use the terminal . 
  no it 's none of those things . 
  and just to make it usable it takes a shit ton of preparation and customization . 
  mac is a pleasure to use out of the box and after a few tweaks it 's nearly perfect . 
  we did n't bother shooting them down we just made fake cities out of twigs and light them up at night for the russians to bomb ( true story ) . 
  it was a pizza competition , not food competition . 
  american italian food has absolutely nothing to do with italian food . 
  with that said actual italian food is way way better . 
  he acknowledged skin colour which in this day and age is automatically racism . 
  well i 'm finnish and you 're right . 
  finnish cuisine has some great delicasies but the majority of `` traditional dishes '' are just shit we ate when we did n't have anything better . 
  luckily this day and age this is not a problem since `` foreign '' foods are just as cheap . 
  all my life pasta has been the corner stone of my diet . 
  those screens kinda make me wan na try it, 
  usa seriously should n't be green . 
  and it would n't be if this map was n't made in north america . 
  i mean japan is yellow , that 's two steps worse than the u.s. 
  sounds a little biased . 
  yeah but the united states has scary ass ghettos in nearly every city . 
  it really should n't be green . 
  also the only reason she has one . 
  women suck at everything , that 's why you can be the world 's best athlete with the performance of a high school male . 
  probably got that belt out of pity . 
  it does and it makes browsing through liveleak annoying as fuck . 
  the first five allah akbars per video are ok but when the count reaches over 25 per video it really gets on your nerves . 
  except i do n't wish all the animals in zoos would kill each other already . 
  do n't they have nature documentaries where you 're from ? 
  i 've seen this pic many times over the years but i 've never heard the story behind it . 
  some photoshoot for a `` glamour '' magazine like nuts or something ? 
  also who 's the girl in blue ? 
  ok i 'm starting to see how that would be cool, 
  imgur has a 2mb limit so every gif on imgur should load instantly . 
  gifs use transparency to save file size , only parts of the image that change need to be loaded again for a new frame ( if done correctly ) . 
  almost half of that gif stays the same and it 's also fairly short with not that many different colors . 
  think about it this way : had you had a password they would 've had to wipe the phone clean before they were able to take any pictures and they would n't have been sent to your photostream . 
  the fact that you did n't have a password is the reason they got caught . 
  people still give out keys ? 
  are they to the full game ? 
  i thought this was a beta thing . 
  yeah i followed the development closely but when it came out the gameplay seemed sort of lacking so i was n't as enthusiastic to get it as i had been . 
  now it 's super cheap though so i 'll probably pick it up at some point . 
  only problem being i have like 10 other games i need to play first :(, 
  if it was her there would n't have been a name between . 
  facebook just groups the messages together . 
  it 's more wtf than photoshopped church sings, 
  actually `` torille '' or `` torilla tavataan '' originates from 1995 which i can assume was much less painful :p, 
  these days it 's used whenever there 's a reason to be proud or `` proud '' to be finnish aka whenever finland is mentioned anywhere . 
  but if it 's hockey related we actually do it . 
  66 km/h pfft that 's not eve . . whaaat, 
  back then obiesity was n't a nationwide problem but a sign of wealth and special ? 
  and they got on tv omg !, 
  and sitcom characters, 
  you need to meet better women, 
  so what 's the difference ? 
  somebody thinks franch inhaling gets you higher ? 
  i mean it looks cool and everything i wo n't deny that but why would it make you higher ? 
  ludacrisp is n't actually that bad of a name, 
  jokinen is good :(, 
  wow i never realized there was an nhl team with a finnish gm . 
  even if it 's cbj it 's still cool . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i know jokinen is n't a huge name but he 's been scoring 50 points or more per season since he joined carolina . 
  now they 're giving him away for free ? 
  or if not free then for a 6th round pick ? 
  and they even keep some of his cap hit ? 
  i simply ... what ? 
  why do all the carolina players hate jokinen ? 
  he 's been scoring 50 points or more every season he 's played with you guys . 
  is it inconsistency ? 
  e. and he 's primarily seen as a defensive forward so keep that in mind while looking at those numbers . 
  `` hate-respect '' ? 
  that 's a good term . 
  i feel that way about a lot of teams . 
  i ca n't understand why players who wear a visor do n't wear a full-face one . 
  i sorta understand not wanting a visor at all if you think it affects your vision but if you 're gon na have one in front of your eyes anyway why would you want to expose the lower part of your face , what is there to gain ? 
  oh it 's my first time !, 
  so exciting !, 
  yeah last time i saw my granma alive she did n't recognize me . 
  did n't really feel like visiting after that . 
  yeah and i have a feeling the us missile defense system designed against missiles from this millenium fares pretty well with north korean missiles, 
  context ? 
   this article is about one of three animals called `` panther '' . 
  for the african and asian animal , see leopard . 
  for the central and south american animal , see jaguar . 
  for other uses , see panther . 
  the cougar ( puma concolor ) , also known as the puma , mountain lion , panther , or catamount . 
  i do n't know what to believe anymore . 
  cringe is psychological wince is physical imo, 
  i do n't think anyone 's claiming he did n't break the law . 
  they 're saying the law is retarded . 
  oh you 're bringing effects to family into this ? 
  because little kids whose parents are taken away for 25 years tend to do so well . 
  how 's at&t 's shitty network your phone 's fault ?
