  i 'm wondering wether to read the translated version or the english one . 
  i usually prefer the original but if the story is clearly the focus over linguistic geniusness i might consider picking up the translated one . 
  also because it 's in 14 local libraries compared to 3 that have the orig . 
  i really dislike that title, 
  i do it from 5-10cm and hit ~ 9/10 . 
  it 's not that difficult . 
  get stoned and play video games, 
  so wait you can only download them between 23 and 6 or you ca n't download them during that time ? 
  crap . 
  just like gow 1 & 2 . 
  good thing i pirated them and did n't pay a cent . 
  well that 's ... retarded, 
  bankers sure did their part but the greek are n't helping . 
  they try to live like a wealthy western country when they should be living like east european countries . 
  most pay taxes if they feel like it and the same people strike and protest when government has to cut spending . 
  and we should pay for all of it . 
  let this be a lesson to any country that wants to get a aaa credit rating and does n't go around taking billions of dollars of loans . 
  you 'll have to pay back loans anyhow , its just someone else that gets all the money . 
  the average finnish civilian should n't have to suffer because incompetent greeks elect corrupt government officials . 
  and do n't try to blame it all on the bankers . 
  `` civilians '' had just as much to blame her . 
  greece fucked up as a nation . 
  now they blame the puppets that happened to be `` in charge '' at the time and pretend rest of the people are innocent . 
   secondly , it 's not like people are giving away money . 
  it 's loans and actually 100 % of the new loans are used to pay off the older loans, 
  what could go wrong ? 
  sounds like a bulletproof investment plan . 
  gym is evil, 
  and do n't forget funding for the police . 
  they make so many durg arrests that they obviously need more resources to fight all the crime . 
  i for one never wanted financial solidarity for europe . 
  living in a pretty wealthy nation it was pretty predictable we 'd be the ones who 'll have to pay eventually . 
  but we never took that debt . 
  we were smarter than that . 
  and now we should pay for someone else 's mistakes 3000km 's away from us . 
   not wanting to help greece recover because you think your country will do fine even if they fall is the same kind of reasoning the greek protesters are having : `` i do n't think we need to suffer cuts because of the crisis ; i think we 'll do fine anyways , so i do n't want them cuts . '', 
  no it 's not . 
  greece actually needs the cuts . 
  nobody else really needs greece . 
  how is it even vaguely similiar ? 
  even a full blown civil war in greece would have no effect on my live whatsovever . 
  are you seriously saying the rest of europe would abandon euro and eu because of what happens to greece ? 
  nobody gives a shit about greece . 
  it 's a small fucked up country that 's barely even in europe . 
  why on earth would the fall of greece `` provoke '' other countries to exit the eu ? 
  you work naked ? 
  i 'm 20 living at my parents ' and still going to high school . 
  feels surprisingly good man . 
  that 's actually the problem . 
  everything 's so good i have no motivation whatsoever . 
  you could just rotate the video and have a perfect widescreen video . 
  also what kind of a phone would not let you record `` the right way '' . 
  i 've never seen one , and refuse to believe such retarded technology exists . 
  weed and laziness, 
  also we start school 1 year later than u.s where i live and i spent 1 year abroad for which i got no credit whatsoever so i might as well not have studied at all during that time . 
  i do n't own an iphone but even i know it lets you record sideways, 
  yeah i mean i regret nothing . 
  i transfered to an `` adult high school '' after my ( former ) classmates graduated . 
  here i have less classes and even more freedom . 
  and i need to get only about ~ 70 % of the total credits . 
  which means i have tons of free time which is , well , awesome . 
  i 'm 20 for god 's sake , i want to enjoy it !, 
  it 's not like i 'm in a hurry to get a 9 to 5 job for the rest of my life . 
  too bad i already finished the `` final exams '' and have all but 2 classes completed . 
  well everything comes to an end eventually . 
  a tl ; dr post by a know-it-all chick about relationships ? 
  yeeeeaaahhhhh ... nope . 
  it is seven stars . 
  seven stars just has absolutely no actual value, 
  yeah we need to stop giving poor people jobs !, 
  my house is always one star better than your house, 
  thanks for explaining the joke . 
  stop acting like getting to the front page is a huge honor reserved only for the finest of posts . 
  i 've made it to the top ( like # 1 top ) of the front page twice . 
  one was a . gif of a panda , the other one macgyver . 
  reddit is after all in the internet . 
  do people get raped a lot in your house ? 
   i hope you 're not actually trying to make the point that any conditions/treatment are acceptable as long as you 're given work, 
  nope , but it 's not like they would be any better off without the work . 
  this is a 3rd world country we 're talking about . 
  a third world country with one of the most unequal distribution of wealth in the world . 
   in 1998 , michael swain released a modified port of the original ti-82 drug wars , for the ti-83 and ti-83 + graphing calculators . 
  i have the ti-84 + . 
  please tell me this works . 
  e. it does !, 
  now i just have to learn how to connect my calculator and install games . 
  no actually i 'm not . 
  most of my friends think they 're `` ok '' but no one loves them . 
  i 've tried playing through 1 & 2 four or five times with different people but we always grew tired after about an hour and never continued . 
  i think they are primarily marketed for the american kiddy audience . 
  it 's a shame , cause i 'm a person who loves split-screen co-op . 
  e. oh and the pirated games are exact copies , i can even update and play them over xbox live , so it 's not that . 
  it would had been nice if op had mentioned where this happened . 
  i would want to know if these were found from my local park . 
  i know i 'm a minority . 
   looks like you 're the only one who thinks so, 
  minority ! = only one, 
  i dont get it . 
  what 99 %, 
  what internal politics and what choice,
