  it 's front page is basically a mix of / r/funny , / r/adviceanimals and tumblr . 
  for people who find reddit too mature or informative . 
  i agree he should n't be allowed to drive again but if he does i 'd be much happier with him driving a motorcycle . 
  i do n't get why that guy was downvoted , he 's totally right . 
  a stupid person driving a car can cause a lot more damage than a stupid person driving a motorcycle . 
  well yeah , there 's text . 
  i was n't really talking about the comments . 
  you 're right , they 're like youtube comments . 
  i was talking about the content . 
  my reddit ( and probably most people 's ) is pretty much 50 % funny pictures/videos , 50 % informative news articles/wikipedia pages/random websites with interesting facts etc. 
  there 's no content that takes more than 30 seconds to process . 
  they sponsor cool shit like extreme sports , motocross , snowboarders etc. 
  they actually sponsor a lot of e-sports too . 
  i disagree . 
  that explanation made a lot less sense than anything i imagined . 
   if she does n't like the dress code get homeschooled . 
  lol, 
  this is the worst thread on / r/mensrights i 've seen in a long time . 
  it 'd piss me off if my school told me what to wear as well . 
  a cheater in the opposing team is usually the reason, 
  yeah we get 500 pages free per semester too . 
  i 'm a second year student and so far i 've printed exactly zero pages . 
  everything i do i turn in digitally . 
  except for math , but i use a pencil for that . 
  are you 14 years old ? 
  oh wait a second , i forgot which sub i 'm on . 
  of course you are . 
  northern europe is used to original audio and subtitles . 
  that 's how our tv/movies are . 
  southern/central european countries like italy , france , germany , spain etc. 
  always use dubbing . 
  it 's much quicker and especially cheaper to hire someone to write subtitles than it is to dub over everything in your library . 
  yeah only shittier quality and less than 1 % of the selection you get with torrents . 
  e. oh shit never mind , apparently it is n't free anymore, 
  no they are n't . 
  especially movies , unless they 're some straight to dvd crap . 
  netflix barely has any big name movies from the last decade . 
  i do n't think either one of them is worth my money . 
  i did the free month trial and ran out of things to watch in two weeks . 
  if i did n't use it when it was free i 'm definitely not paying for it . 
  how else would you do math ? 
  of course i use a calculator as well . 
  it probably is n't 100 % but it 's pretty damn close . 
  in sweden and finland they dub children 's cartoons , but that 's the only thing . 
  i 've only spent a couple of weeks in italy/france/spain each but i 've never seen a show/movie in english while watching tv . 
  he 's probably right though, 
  i was actually genuinely curious what else would you use for doing math problems . 
  i can see you 're commenting elsewhere so i 'm assuming you 're online . 
  apartment building where food is delivered to you . 
  sign me in . 
  reaper fe into mmm . 
  tvt with tanks, 
  tvz with tanks or mines, 
  tvp with ghosts and/or vikings, 
  well to be honest i 'm much more afraid of american police than russian police . 
  i live in neither country but have been to both multiple times so i 'd consider myself pretty neutral . 
  if the kardashians looked like this they would n't be a group of fat losers . 
  at least not fat . 
  i 'm only seeing a small picture of pokemon or something ? 
  e. it 's the image/album bug but is the original album deleted ? 
  it varies . 
  some get it at 150 , some at 160 etc. 
  i think i got mine at 154, 
  you played against cheaters 6 games in a row ? 
  in gold nova ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  also , stop caring about your rank . 
  problem fixed . 
  well there 's one less reason to join this channel then, 
  yes, 
  if you 're winning nobody cares , but if you were losing i 'd consider it intentionally limiting your capabilities . 
  and regardless if it 's technically griefing or not you will probably get kicked unless you play with a 5man premade . 
  it does n't say anywhere that staring at a wall the entire round or not firing your weapon is disallowed either , but it 's griefing . 
  shader detail is the one that affects skins the most . 
  not allowing spam and not allowing twitch memes at all are two entirely different things . 
  the only reason i 'd join a channel like this is to have company while watching live events , kappa etc. 
  are part of that experience . 
  `` omg sick headshot '' isnt any more valuable discussion than kreygasm kappa, 
  nice ace but the video filters were a bit excessive, 
  i only play with 5man premades so i do n't really care what you do but if i did n't and someone in my team only used a pistol i 'd kick him out right away . 
  i 'm sure most people feel the same way . 
  so do what you want , just prepare to get kicked out a lot of games . 
   you 'll want to trade your knife after you buy it an use it for some days, 
  i got a knife from a case ( like my 5th case too , i do n't put real money into skins , just selling drops until i can afford a key ) and i 've never traded it . 
  a lot of my friends are like you , they trade knives all the time . 
  i really grew attached to mine right away and after having it for a few months i could never imagine trading it away . 
   someone can use pistols only , yet still follow strats and contribute to the team . 
  i 'm not arguing against that . 
  i 'm just saying you 're limiting yourself . 
  you could follow strats and contribute and play with a better weapon . 
  i really like playing with pistols myself so i learned to use the awp . 
  that way i get to play with a pistol a lot but i 'm also using a rifle so i 'm not handicapped like i would be with nothing but a pistol . 
  e. it 's also handy to buy a pistol/know how to shoot it if you 're using the m4a1-s . you 'll run out of bullets often so a five-seven helps a lot . 
  are n't the stats divided into competetive and casual ? 
  at least they used to ( have n't checked mine in about a year ) . 
  dm is casual most of the time . 
  he 's silver . 
  maybe he runs with his gun out . 
  you also get $ 1500 for a knife kill which can help out a lot . 
  with a knife kill in pistol you can afford an awp in 2nd round ( not that you 'd want an awp in 2nd round ) .
