   stutters like shit on nvidia cards as well still, 
  when nvidia cards were never the issue ? 
  who gives a shit about us laws when this did n't happen in the us ? 
  well then why not bring up the geneva convention instead of a us court case ? 
  \\  civilized, 
  pick one, 
  it 's only displayed on / b / but applies to the whole site, 
  that 's the beauty of greentext . 
  suspension of disbelief . 
  because everyone 's anonymous anyways it does n't really matter whether or not it really happened to op . 
  at some point or another someone 's dad has surely fucked their gf . 
  august 8th , 2016, 
  that 's his custom steam id . 
  his account is 3 days after launch . 
  mine is 1 day after launch and it has 6 digits . 
  my friend has a day 1 and it 's still 4 digits . 
  e. the guy is 6 digits too, 
  yeah but that 's not his steam id . 
  that 's a custom url you can set . 
  the account is 6 digits . 
  vac has never been able to cause you to `` lose your account '' even 12 years ago . 
  it 's 3 days after steam launched . 
  4 digits were all gone during day 1 . 
  my account is the day after launch and it 's 6 digits . 
  how can `` natives '' be offensive if `` native americans '' is n't ? 
  that 's how it 's always been since the original adblock was released in 2005 or 2006, 
  reddit admins and owners are also humongous pieces of shit and not responsible for any of the reasons i even come here so i have no problem not giving them ad money . 
  i do n't have noscript but have ublock origin and can use forbes just fine without any ads . 
  that 's because every site is clickbait and shitty journalism . 
  why would you do this instead of buying 5 tickets on your own ? 
  it 's the lottery . 
  the chances of you winning are effectively the same whether you have 1 or 100 tickets . 
  besides all this craze is about the huge winning sum , right ? 
  if you split it with 100 people it 's smaller than the usual so what 's the point then ? 
  how does it differ from any other week ? 
  i have a dozen people on my friends list with accounts from day of release ( you had to download steam to update cs from 1.5 to 1.6 ) and not a single 3 digit . 
  if only it was oc, 
  probably because it was a stupid comment and he was covering his man in that play . 
  why not just max out ? 
  i have it maxed out and have noticed to impact on performance . 
  default is alt + f10, 
  the story is much better than jc2 . 
  not that it 's saying much . 
   it is worth $ 60 for just cause 3, 
  it was 45 on steam and 28 on code sites at release . 
  well worth 45 mind you . 
  thank shadowplay . 
  and the fact that everyone playing has nvidia cards :\\ ^ ), 
  better than [ ours ] ( http://www.railway-technology.com/projects/helsinki-metro/images/5-helsinki-metro-map.jpg ) . 
  but there 's no downside ? 
  and if you 're playing games like arma highlights often consist of action across 15 minutes or more . 
  even at the `` high '' settings it 's like 5gb for 20 minutes . 
  if you manually crank if up to full bitrate @ 60ps like i have it 's still under 20gb . 
  it does n't have to be ssd space , regular hdd works just fine and shadowplay is only available for gtx 650 and up or something so it 's not like you 're likely to find such a video card in a netbook or something . 
  but there 's no downside to having extra ? 
  it does n't impact performance or the quality of the 3 minute video . 
  besides it has uses in csgo too . 
  get a nice frag with deagle or something , maybe not worth recording . 
  in the span of next 4 rounds get 2 more amazing frags . 
  put together would make a nice video , glad you had the first one too . 
  g2a or kinguin etc. 
  and besides the last minutes are still at the end of the video if that 's all you want . 
  it really is not that difficult to click once to skip to the end if you know that 's all you want . 
  you simply have the ** option ** to get other stuff too . 
  i use the feature almost daily . 
  i actually use it even more on desktop than in games . 
  20 minutes has been a lifesaver so many times i ca n't fathom why anyone would not want it . 
  but do make your life more difficult if you want to , i could n't care less . 
  it 's the people who do n't know it 's possible or that it does n't impact performance that i wrote the comment for . 
   badass at editing 100s of clips, 
  it takes like two clicks and one `` cut '' . 
  and 90 % of the time i do n't even edit or save anything i just wanted to check a bit of dialogue i forgot or something . 
  if i want to edit , it takes two clicks and one `` cut '' . 
  but 90 % of times i use the shadowplay feature i 'm not even looking to edit or save anything , i just check the video quickly and delete it . 
  better ? 
  i have it running 24/7 even on desktop . 
  using the continuous recording would be a pain in the ass . 
  i get that but i still think the ability to go back 20 minutes heavily outweighs the negatives . 
  true , i forgot about consoles . 
  but my point was really `` thank the feature that allows you to save last 15 minutes '' , i just do n't know a non-brandname term for it . 
  then use the darknet ? 
  it 's simple as fuck and reliable . 
  do n't touch anything on `` regular '' internet . 
  but why do you have it save to your ssd ? 
  it makes no difference running it on hdd . 
  well the jc2 story was absolute shit , but it was so shit it had some half intended amusing moments . 
  jc3 story is a bit more serious , not too serious for a game like this but unlike jc2 it has actual rememberable characters . 
  it 's also less convoluted as there 's a clear villain all the way through . 
  i get like 1-2 seconds of performance drop when i press the save button but after the initial chug it runs fine again . 
   i do n't really remember any characters from jc2 aside from sheldon and rico . 
  yeah me neither . 
   i do n't really remember any characters from jc3 either though . 
  i think i 'll remember the main villain for a while , if only for the cutscenes . 
  it writes directly to hard drive , the ram use is minimal . 
  i know but you can find f2f dealers there too . 
  most importantly, 
   not everyone has an easy time locating a new hookup . 
  even if you do n't like the idea of mailing them it 's better than nothing . 
   skipping cutscenes in a videogame, 
  degenerate,
