  or because life is not about performing optimally like a machine but finding a balance between responsibilities and pleasure ? 
  taking one day of is not dooming yourself . 
  for all we know the guy might study twice as hard this weekend to catch up before next week 's lectures . 
   i call bullshit that studying the material is better than going to class . 
  well nobody ever claimed that was true so good for you . 
   and if you 're the sort of person to skip class to play a videogame , when are you going to study ? 
  on a day other than the launch of the most awaited video game in years ? 
  well we are # 55 on the fifa world ranking so that 's nice . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm not even going to buy the game . 
  op who preordered the game might be though . 
  i 'm a rockstar fanboy , i did skip a day of classes for gta 5 a year ago . 
  did n't make me fail any of those classes . 
   i also believe if you are going to miss a day it should be for something amazing . 
  even as a gamer it is hard to call any game release amazing . 
  different strokes . 
  i personally love release days . 
  there 's nothing like playing an online focused game on the first day when everybody 's just figuring stuff out and nobody has a head start on you . 
  i 'd gladly trade days ' worth of free time later on catching up just to experience the launch day . 
  of course i would n't skip classes for just any game , but for a lot of people destiny is ** the ** game they 've been waiting for since the last bungie title . 
  it 's not just about getting the game as soon as possible . 
  destiny is an mmorpg . 
  you can never duplicate that first day atmosphere when everybody 's still learning and nobody has a head start on you . 
  it 's completely different from oot or other single player game . 
  i guess you do n't like figuring stuff on your own . 
  some people do . 
  just because you do n't share their preferences or interests does n't make them wrong and you right . 
  you 're not even trying to make sense are you ? 
  it 's an online multiplayer game . 
  not only is there pvp and co-op those are the main focus of the game . 
  the flood of new users is exactly the point . 
  nobody has a head start on you trying to figure it out . 
  figuring stuff out on your own does n't mean unplugging the console from the internet . 
  i wish . 
  i used to be a ref myself , no football but ice hockey . 
  touching the ref is unimaginable . 
  it 's not something you do . 
  nobody would protest any penalty for laying a hand on a ref ( intentionally ) . 
  then i watch football on tv and whenever mediterraneans , africans or south americans play they 're literally grabbing the ref or right up in his face . 
  makes me sick . 
  i searched for a typo or something for about a full minute before realizing that the joke was actually the joke in the calendar . 
  this is the post that finally made me unsubscribe from r/funny . 
  stop making relevant points that apply to many different things, 
  no problem mate . 
  i 've played almost 70 hrs in the week since this post and have a pretty good grasp on the new concepts if there 's any questions you want to ask . 
  they definitely did tons of work post-launch . 
  if this was the game they shipped in 2012 people would 've said this is the first time a game lived up to the hype . 
  i 'm loving it . 
  i 'm sorry as i do n't quite understand . 
  1 second was just a harsh estimate but to me it seems the condemn spell is totally independent from the attack speed . 
  i can hold mouse1 and activate condemn every time the icon goes around ( a little less than a second ) and it has no effect on my mouse1 attacks . 
  or are you saying that the time it takes to go around the `` cooldown '' is the same as the interval between my attacks ? 
  do n't forget most people seem to think leaving your facebook open on a library computer is `` getting hacked '' . 
  well snopes is full of shit then . 
  there are many documented cases like valeria lukyanova . 
  teach me you ways, 
  good job man . 
  good job . 
  yeah i 'm doing a similiar thing except i have n't found all akkhans yet . 
  i also have a 75 % block change without buffs and 100 % with buffs and the passive that regenerates mana on blocks . 
  it 's pretty crazy with some dh/other ranged dps characters . 
  `` recently '' ? 
  because it 's not relevant in any shape or form . 
  they 're plugging their show on a morning talk show and the guy decides to bring up a questionable rape conviction from 23 years ago . 
  he 's not wrong , but he 's an asshole . 
   you 're not doing something no one else has n't . 
  it ca n't be fun unless you 're the first one to try it ? 
  this thread is full of pretentious assholes . 
  yes op 's friends were idiots for saying something like that ( especially in the company of a recovering alcoholic ) but all you people acting like everyone who consumes alcohol is a moron or that drinking ca n't be fun are just as bad . 
  i know . 
  unfortunately i did n't make the gif and this was the only version i had . 
  i got `` your wife to come '' . 
  felt cheated . 
  yeah it 's not just another wc , it was finland 's first gold . 
  koivu will always be treated as a champion over here . 
  it 's no stanley cup or olympic gold but i do n't think north american hockey fans can quite appreciate how big of a deal koivu 's 1995 world championship was . 
  finland had never won before and young koivu was one of the key players if not the most important player on the team . 
  it was n't just another world cup , it was finland 's first gold in a sport we love during an otherwise tough time . 
  it united the people . 
  it spawned a hockey craze that is probably the reason the map of `` most popular sport by country '' has two countries where hockey is # 1 instead of just one ( can & fin ) . 
  they still show clips of the game on tv before any major hockey event and it 's not uncommon for younger people to play the 7 minute youtube video of the final game whenever they 've had one beer too many . 
  i 've probably seen it a hundred times . 
  if you talk to a finn he 'll likely still remember exactly where he was when it happened . 
  koivu might not have a ring , but he 'll always be a champion . 
  saying something like that once ( scripted or not ) can be amusing . 
  repeating the joke about twenty times to make sure everyone understood it is not amusing . 
  in finnish we use `` zzzzz '' even though the letter z is n't used in any finnish words ( it is still technically part of the alphabet ) . 
  yeah he was 20 i think . 
  despite peltonen scoring the hat trick in the final saku was still chosen by iihf as the best forward in the tournament . 
  he was also selected as the center in the all-star team/line along with his wingers being chosen as the other 2 forwards . 
  they were all young guys so we called it the huey , dewey , louie line and they pretty much carried the team to victory throughout the entire tournament . 
  he was describing the details of the precautions taken by the polcie department after some death threats towards the politicians and their families . 
  i do n't know about u.s. but that shit definitely is n't `` public record '' over here . 
  well he is a succesful politician . 
  it 's not that he 's using stubb as an example , he 's describing the details of the precautions taken by the police after they received death threats towards the families of stubb and katainen . 
  the only reason he knew the details himself is that he used to be a police officer before getting involved in politics . 
  i know nothing about u.s. bouncers but over here they 're usually former security guards who lost their `` security guard license '' , usually over something violent . 
  they are to security guards what security guards are to policemen . 
  not too bright most of the time . 
  that 's not to say all bouncers are idiots .
