  i think that 's the definition of fair for trying to put in-game money into a video game . 
  but in all honesty , if you were worried about that you could go into passive mode , enter a store ( safe havens ) or just drive to the top of the mountain and do it from their phone 's internet bank etc. 
  i do n't think it 's a bad thing it 's possible to be careless and lose your money when there are clear ways of preventing it if you do n't want to . 
  quick mission 's do give co-op pve jobs . 
  i did n't think it did either , i thought it was just the stars you see on the map , but yesterday i got matchmaked into a gerald mission trying the quick mission button . 
  public servers do n't have autoaim . 
  public servers have the same setting you selected . 
  autoaim players get matched with autoaim , free aim players with free aim . 
  you ca n't join a free aim server without the game forcing you to change to free aim ( and there 's a very clear prompt about it you have to accept ) . 
  i 've only played free aim so maybe that 's why you 're having these issues . 
  why someone would use autoaim in a video game is beyond my comprehension . 
  passive mode makes you invulnerable to bullets while on foot . 
  that 's what it says it does and that 's what it does . 
  you ca n't drive around with it as that could obviously be abused . 
  i 'd rather have the passive mode have `` flaws '' than have it too powerful and being used to gank players . 
  exactly . 
  i understand if people complain about technical performance but most of this whining is about the game 's difficulty or exactly what you said in your last point . 
  they 're not god anymore . 
  personally i 've put 500k into a comet . 
  it 's almost fully tuned now ( engine 3 , brakes 4 , transmission 4 , turbo , bulletproof tires , all sorts of cosmetic nonsense etc. ) . 
  $ 248,235 into weapons and armor . 
  pretty much everything money can buy . 
  hospitals have eaten up 130k and 10k into clothing . 
  next i 'll probably buy an apartment and then look into a supercar . 
  i 'm glad with my choices , having an ultra fast sports car is great for doing missions . 
  i 'd love to get a cheetah . 
  ever since vice city it 's been my favourite car alongside the comet . 
  though i must admit the entity is looking pretty sexy . 
  personally i 've put 500k into a comet . 
  it 's almost fully tuned now ( engine 3 , brakes 4 , transmission 4 , turbo , bulletproof tires , all sorts of cosmetic nonsense etc. ) . 
  $ 248,235 into weapons and armor . 
  pretty much everything money can buy . 
  hospitals have eaten up 130k and 10k into clothing . 
  next i 'll probably buy an apartment and then look into a supercar . 
  i 'm glad with my choices , having an ultra fast sports car is great for doing missions . 
  haha jobs 99 %, 
  turbo does n't max out the acceleration . 
  it just goes over the sliders , there is definitely a huge difference even after reaching `` 100 % '' acceleration . 
  the `` worlds '' or `` universes '' or servers where auto-aim is on or off are separate . 
  if you have auto-aim on and try to join your friend or someone else who is playing with auto-aim off the game will force you to disable it . 
  which is great . 
  if you play with auto-aim off you will never run into players who have auto-aim . 
  yeah well think about it this way : it has n't even been a week , so whatever you lost ca n't take more than a week to get back . 
  sure it 's frustrating to lose progress but i 'm planning on playing this for the next year or more anyway so honestly even if i lost my character it would n't change a thing . 
  i 've had corrupt save files etc in many single player games throughout the years and that has n't stopped me from replaying them . 
  but he was n't 100 % . 
  that 's the entire plot of the movie . 
  have you even seen it ? 
  \\  own, 
  \\  pay $ 970 a month, 
  what ? 
  or do you mean the bank owns it ? 
  recently i saw world war z. 
  in almost the opening scene brad pitt 's car get 's t-boned by an ambulance going full speed . 
  i remember thinking `` wow this movie is darker than it seems i wonder if he 's going to wake up a few weeks later from some dirty hospital and then try to find out if his family has survi ... oh nevermind he 's fine '' . 
  depends . 
  i 've heard of characters disappearing and reappearing . 
  i 've heard of characters disappearing and not reappearing , i 've heard of progress not being saved but characters still remaining . 
  it 's all down to luck . 
  if you want to grind , violent duct . 
  if you do n't want to grind , play races . 
  you can get over $ 10k for winning a race with many people and when you add betting i 've won and seen people win over $ 20k at once for a race that takes 3-5 minutes . 
  besides it 's tons of fun . 
  i know that . 
  that was n't really the question . 
  i was actually expecting new gold features , not coupons for american companies i ca n't use . 
  i pay for gold to make reddit better , not to get cheap conference calls . 
  bump up the subreddit limit or finally let us choose which subreddits can not be `` hidden '' from front page . 
  i feel like i 'm being punished for being interested in many things . 
  there 's also the regular `` she should eat a sandwhich '' presumably written by jealous fat chicks . 
  because the only reason to make self posts is to get no karma ? 
  of course this is fake . 
  but your argument is retarded . 
   1,000 ft is the safe cutaway altitude limit . 
  terminal velocity for a human is around 50-55m / s. 
  that would be 180 feet per second . 
  that means it takes less than 6 seconds to hit the ground from 1000ft . 
  if you were at a little over 1000ft would you really have time to cut the chute , deploy the reserve and slow down enough not to die ? 
  i 'm not saying you could n't , just curious as i 've never jumped . 
  brother ? 
  i liked it, 
  you do n't have to grind to get to that level . 
  i 'm 48 or 49 and i have n't * grinded * . 
  unless you consider racing and playing missions grinding . 
  who the fuck cares about file size in 2013 ? 
  i can download 5mb or 12mb in under a second anyway and both of those clips last longer than a second so there is no visible loading happening anyway . 
   bitch knew she was dead . 
  but she was n't . 
  it was very clearly established in earlier seasons ricin poisoning is easily cured once you know what it is . 
  the reason ricin is so dangerous is that it seems like the common flu . 
  once walt told her it was ricin she probably called an ambulance and was totally fine . 
  my phone can download 5mb in under a second . 
  it is 2013 . 
  stupid people make good moms ? 
  i do n't get what you 're saying here . 
  white rice with a side of white rice is an extremely uncomplicated food to cook . 
  does n't sound that good to me . 
  why would someone go to a party to be sober and judge people for drinking ? 
  that 's a stereotype that exists ? 
  unless you 're one of those people who ca n't control their drinking or actions while drunk it sounds like a pretty good idea to party and have a good relationship with your manager .
