  much more cheery upping in [ gif format ] ( http://nappa.kuvat.fi/lapsismoke.gif ), 
  in that pic she 's like 14 or 13 . 
   i bet he 'd sue the building owners and company so fast it would make their heads spin, 
  no he would n't . 
  that lawsuit would be a waste of his money . 
  something skaters rarely have too much . 
  actually classic dolans also used semi-retarded spelling . 
  but they were n't made by americans ( or other native english speakers ) . 
  i do n't know what it is , but when you guys try to write `` retarded dolan speak '' it 's just not as funny . 
  - that train is on the wrong track !, 
  are you thinking what i 'm thinking ? 
  - `` all you had to do was follow the damn train , cj '' ? 
  i did n't actually read your rant neither did i downvote you . 
  i just answered your `` why '' question since there was a simple and logical answer . 
  xboxes have a tendency to break after time anyway . 
  this way she got upgraded to a new one for free . 
  i see there 's no sense of humor either, 
  `` his tail light was flickering '', 
  `` he was swerving '', 
  `` the music was too loud '', 
  there are a ton of things the cops can say in a situation like this that can neither be proved or disproved . 
  does n't he shoot himself in the movie as well ? 
  it 's not fatal but still he shoots himself . 
  that 's a far stretch from `` everything is okay '' . 
  i 've read choke but have n't seen the movie . 
  everyone keeps telling me i should n't . 
  what 's so bad about it ? 
  please do tell . 
  just put, 
  ### spoiler alert, 
  at the top or something , if someone 's going to read it anyway they have no one to blame . 
  i recommend you read both 2nd to last and the last . 
  i just read the last one and it made no sense . 
  the 2nd to last gives it context . 
  i really did too . 
  only the second time i saw this pic i realized it was on gw . 
  i hope you take that as a compliment , op , because it 's meant that way . 
   the reason the pellets become fluff is for balance . 
  would you enjoy a game where everybody would only use shotguns, 
  not every game is an online shooter . 
  this still does n't explain why so many single player games make the shotgun absolutely worthless . 
  i 've actually noticed a lot of times shotgun effectiveness corresponds with the overall quality of the game . 
  not always , but games like license bond shooters tend to have the worst shotguns . 
  common sense, 
  which was already nerfed and never really was that good . 
  yeah it was the best akimbo smg or mp but nothing compared to the 1887 's . 
  bc2 shotgun slugs before nerf were awesome as well . 
  they had no bullet drop . 
  oh you have a sniper and are sitting on top of a mountain ? 
  no problem , i got a shotgun . 
  i love how no matter which of the nordic countries people you talk to they 'll tell you swedes are gay, 
  funny because it 's true, 
   both of their save percentages are unsustainable . 
  how is 87.8 % unsustainable ? 
  i 'd say it 's pretty easily sustainable . 
  then again you are kinda asking for it getting custom uptoke plates, 
  not only is that not funny but it 's not even clever . 
  and i 'm a self-admitted racist ( at least according to the definition of racist these days ) . 
  i see someone delivered on the original thread . 
  good for them . 
  if porn sites were the same thing why do you think gw even exists ? 
  never underestimate the power of internet, 
  i hate these `` upvote and ... '' posts but i still upvoted simply because it was a nice pic to begin with . 
  the penny has been obsolete for a looooong time and all currencies inflate over time , it 's just the nature of western economy . 
  euro has a 2 cent coin as well . 
  i 'm glad finland decided not to include the 1 & 2 cent coins when euro was introduced . 
  they 're still valid currency ( if you bring one over from another country for example ) but all prices are rounded to the nearest .05 if you 're paying cash . 
  what closet are you referring to ? 
  is there one in the large house in the corner of the a flag or something ? 
  i was honestly surprised when i found out there was even a downstairs to that house and i had played seatown a lot at that point . 
  combination of dead silence and sitrep pro < 3, 
  i 've pro 'd even the perks i do n't use just so that when i reach all specialist perks they 'll all be pro . 
  feel like superman at that point . 
  i played nearly 200 hours of black ops with a kdr over 1.5 . 
  got maybe 3 or 4 angry messages during the entire time . 
  the only explanation i can come up with is that i played mainly on european servers . 
  not implying europeans act better in online games but that 's the only difference between me and most of reddit . 
  r/trees is leaking, 
  yeah i 'd have no problem dating a black woman . 
  except i do n't find brown nipples that attractive . 
  but that 's not a racist thing , i do n't like blue hair either . 
  so first he confessed to killing two boys , then 19 other people and `` in light of his extensive criminal record , he was handed a 25-year sentence '' . 
  a little over a year per person . 
  then he kills one guy in prison and gets the death penalty ? 
  what 's the logic here ? 
  drawing is fine but i feel you 'd get a better result just using a `` comic style '' font instead of hand writing . 
  and i do n't mean comic sans . 
  maybe make your own font ? 
  what ? 
  you rarely see angry birds anywhere in finland . 
  literally everywhere . 
  in the tutorial thingy it tells you to press lt while shooting `` for spectacular volleys '' . 
  i disagree with you when it comes to longshots . 
  my playstyle heavily relies on longshots and ( this is the important part ) corner execution . 
  i score maybe 1/3 of my goals from corners , with 25-33 % of corners going in . 
  i shoot a lot from a distance and even though most of them do n't go in i get tons of corners . 
  and when one does go in it feels great and that 's what fifa really is about , not just winning . 
  of course you have to know your team , their stats and preferred foot to be effective with long shots . 
  if you have lots of room try flicking the ball forward ( right stick ) just a little bit before shooting . 
  your player will approach the ball much like when giving a power free shot and these shots are both hard and accurate .
