   norwegians have decided that the risks outweigh the rewards in this case . 
  `` norwegians '' implying there was a vote . 
  this was a decision made by some politicians or a committee and i 'm saying whoever was in charge of that decision is a fucking idiot . 
   if they need the weapon they can just go and get it . 
  a gun that 's not within reach is as good as no gun at all . 
  but you do n't need 300 million to have vastly different cultures within the same nation . 
  it 's true that something that works in a small community where everyone knows each other wo n't necessarily work as well in a much larger one but 5 million people is more than enough to have all kinds of different people and the hassle that comes with layers of local and and federal government etc. 
  there 's a line down the middle . 
  even from this angle you can easily see she 's going off course pretty much since the first flip . 
  it does n't take huge amounts of reflexes or knowledge to deduct that someone who 's veering off to the side is going to continue that way . 
   are the games big in europe ? 
  nhl is the most popular mainstream video game there is in finland . 
  it 's the game everyone plays even if they 've never bought a video game in their lives . 
  it 's also the game that sells consoles whenever a new one is released . 
  i know a lot of people who own a ps4 and nothing but nhl and maybe fifa . 
  so how 's high school ? 
  no fucking way . 
  1.6 dominated when it was in its prime but since the 360 era nhl has been way more popular than csgo or lol ( do people even play lol in finland ? 
  never met anyone that does ) . 
   i 'd bet almost all 20-30 year olds at least know somebody who plays one of those . 
  yeah somebody knows somebody . 
  nhl is the game everyone plays , even if just one game a month while drinking beer with friends . 
  i assumed it was a girl because it 's a girly sport, 
  i just happened to buy this thing yesterday and noticed the same thing . 
  volvo pls . 
  this joke is way older than / r9k / . 
  r9k the board has only existed since 2008 and the `` board for virgin losers '' shtick since like 2011, 
  more like proof people know bitching here wo n't help . 
  all my games are full of smilie spam ( and i do it too ofc ), 
  he stops attacking again after the deny, 
  i honestly thought up until a week or so ago that the miss chance is 50 % and never questioned it . 
  happened to come across something saying 25 % and thought `` that 's not right '' and had to check the wiki . 
  asked around from my friends and most of them thought it was 50 % too . 
  sure feels like 50 % especially before the patch when trying to deward anything . 
   i `` only '' have 1400 hours logged in dota so i 'd say i have a bit of experience with dota . 
  i have 1500 hours which is the least of anyone of my friend list and i also still feel like a newbie, 
  yeah and farmville is the greatest city sim . 
  yeah but in europe there 's so many more parties that the voters still get to choose between a lot of candidates . 
  the figures for 2015 are n't out yet but the most sold games of 2014 are, 
  nhl 15 ( electronic arts ), 
  fifa 15 ( electronic arts ), 
  call of duty : advanced warfare ( activision-blizzard ), 
  far cry 4 ( ubisoft ), 
  watch dogs ( ubisoft ), 
  grand theft auto v ( take 2 ), 
  lego movie : the videogame ( warner ), 
  destiny ( activision-blizzard ), 
  now i realize lol wold n't be listed here even if it did have the numbers since it 's not `` sold '' but it 's the best i can do . 
  60 % sounds really high but there 's nothing `` magical '' about drug legalization bringing down violent crime . 
  2 is the best in the series ( though i stopped playing them a long time ago ), 
  yeah when he asked for pics my first thought was he 's trying to find out if this is really her , not jerk off . 
  ads on the internet ? 
  is this 2002 ? 
  no shit ? 
  did you even read my comment before replying ? 
  you think you played him but he was one step ahead of you, 
  i mean come on !, 
  it 's called suicide grip for a reason, 
  eh you 're making it sound like people are splitting hairs over flawless execution . 
  this is like family guy levels of capable of incapacitating you for the rest of your life form . 
  so to make a glow stick ice chest you put glow sticks and ice in a chest ? 
  how did you get 3000 bp by wagering ? 
  i 'm still rocking a 100 % success rate and i 'm nowhere near despite spending all the coins i 've been given . 
  i have no problem with people who random if it looks like nobody wants to pick . 
  but i would n't mind if the random button did n't exist for the last 2 picks . 
  i still have 5h 36m until i get a new batch of 1000 points . 
  i know and i know i bought it 1 day too late but i 'm still on my 1st set of coins, 
  i know but that 's still the 3rd set of 1000 points, 
  i 'd rather lose than step foot in unranked . 
  the games in unranked are never fun . 
  phase boots are shit on lina, 
  in another thread like 10 people said they were `` just pixels away from an arcana '' and the exact same thing happened to me too on my first and so far only spin . 
  this sub is full of finnish stuff largely thanks to sa-kuva, 
  it 's almost like the quality of writing and characters matters in fictional entertainment . 
  or are you claiming professional wrestling storylines are just as good as any other tv show ? 
  it 's disabled for retards who pick lc jungle, 
  no shit ? 
  it 's still a pretty fun tourist attraction . 
  respectively what, 
  how can you blame him on her being financially dependent on his husband ? 
  oh wow you can turn off annotations by pressing the settings icon and turning off annotations ??? 
  right at the end of the video linked above when they start talking about the mission . 
  you can see it [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwuvwq2anb0&amp;t=2m ) . 
  he 's great in his part but that sketch seriously lacked a punchline . 
  it 's a country where 90 % poo on the streets . 
  you should n't expect too much from their infrastructure . 
  to be fair a no stun draft is very risky especially in an uncoordinated pub, 
  lvl 4 untouchable which is something an enchantress has by the time an lc has lvl 4 pta slows down the attack more than the pta speeds it up, 
  it 's not like there 's empty access panels every 10 centimeters and you need to find the right one with the fire hydrant in it . 
  you should be able to spot one 5 meters away from you pretty quickly and easily . 
   fuck you ubi , definitely not buying your game now . 
  are you saying this like you would 've bought this game otherwise ? 
  did you try the beta ? 
  it 's garbage . 
  go to bed kiddo, 
  i use one [ similar to yours ] ( http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/434943954225804374/fcd26c2a2cf1b8f4cd2278c042283cd30dbcf863/ ) but i think it might be even a bit lower on the screen/more zoomed in . 
  i ca n't understand people who use any other viewmodel than one that blocks as little as possible . 
  i do n't really care about the `` ads '' aspect , i got used to shooters like cs and ut etc. 
  a long time before ads became industry standard . 
  it 's just for visibility .
