  because min.us is one of the few site with ( practically ) no size limit . 
  also i 've never had any issue with it , the gif loaded just fine . 
  what are those ? 
  are they terran or zerg units because those are the only races i 've seen represented in any of the hots trailers . 
  i mean i 'm a terran player and it 's bothering even me how blizzard seems to have totally forgotten about there being a third race in the game . 
  i do n't know about you but i respect a guy for admitting when he screws up . 
  would you had preferred if he made some even cheesier excuse to make up for the writing ? 
  well what do you expect from video game plots ? 
  even the best video game plots would never get published were they screenplays or books . 
  i do n't know why so many people live in denial , video game plots suck dick . 
  i 'm not one of those people who do n't care about the plat . 
  i always watch cutscenes and talk to everyone i can . 
  but that does n't mean i wo n't admit how crappy they are 99,9 % of the time . 
  hell , i ca n't even think of any games that belong in that 0,1 % . 
  i just added that in case there 's something i 've forgotten . 
   these games have an amazing campaign, 
  well . . it 's not that amazing . 
  i 've been watching starcraft since launch and have played well over a thousand games ( i know that 's not a humongous number but it still means i 've invested some time into the game ) and i never even got halfway through the campaign . 
  it was just boring . 
  granted every rts game is boring to play against the cpu be it a skirmish or a campaign but there was nothing special about sc2 campaign . 
  and i absolutely love the game . 
  he basically dies in the opening cinematics . 
  or 10 minutes later . 
  it 's not a huge spoiler . 
  besides d3 has no plot anyway . 
  i 've played through it 4 times not counting grinding ( and there was a lot ) and even i ca n't remember what it was supposed to be . 
   f2p, 
  cancer . 
  well i did n't say i want them to stay that way . 
  i just said it 's very likely nothing will change since these clich\u00e9-filled excuses for a story seem to work out well for the game industry . 
  cringed, 
  i did n't think it was that bad . 
  yeah they did n't score so obviously it was n't that good but it definitely was n't horrible . 
  calgary 's powerplay was horrible . 
  they did n't get a shot on goal during a 5 minute pp . 
  that 's what a horrible pp is like . 
  the wild moved the puck around real well and got a lot of shots on net . 
  this time none went in but i like the way they control the puck . 
  granlund is n't a goal scorer . 
  he never has . 
  in sm-liiga ( the finnish league ) he did score plenty of goals but that was simply because he was so dominant in whatever he did . 
  but even in sml he had way more assists than goals . 
  in international tournaments it 's almost all assists . 
  yes he has good hands and if you go on youtube you 'll see some incredible shootout goals but he 's main talent has always been the incredible vision that allows him to see pass lanes others would n't even think of and then feeding the perfect pass . 
  i admit he has n't gotten to as good a start as most people anticipated and i 'm not making any excuses but he 's the type of player that needs good finishers on his side to be effective . 
  that 's why i 'm so excited they 're playing him in the first pp line now . 
  even though they did n't score tonight despite a lot of chances they seemed to start clicking . 
  it 's obviously going to take time getting used to not being the best player on the ice and having less time to make decisions but i just hope yeo or whoever will coach wild in the future do n't impatient and start scrathcing him just because he does n't have a rookie year like sel\u00e4nne . 
  actually what i 'm worried about most is caving in to pressure from the media , fans etc. 
  because coaches can definitely see his potential . 
  while we 're on the subject what 's a good place to check team 's lineups before an upcoming match ? 
  ( i 'm talking within 24 hours of the game starting ), 
  nhl.com never delivers and neither do the teams own official websites but somehow game threads or sports news sites often seem to have this info so it must be somewhere . 
  that commercial is the biggest reason i now start watching games 20 minutes late so i can skip the commercial breaks . 
   thought he was a potential calder . 
  yeah that 's what we all wished for . 
  here 's hoping he 's just adapted the minnesota wild style of starting slow . 
   famous host, 
  this is the first time i 've ever seen/heard of him . 
  i 've been following starcraft 2 since launch . 
   edit : i do n't think they mean an american mile , but instead a european one . 
  1000m = 1km , 10km = 1 mile . 
  what ? 
  that . . what ? 
  there is no european mile . 
  british people use miles but they 're just regular miles . 
  no i 've watched a few, 
  i do n't know about you but at least for me ( firefox , os x ) youtube remembers the point i was at in the video when i closed the tab . 
  it 's been that way for at least a year . 
  just fyi . 
  what 's the acceptable nickname for emmanuel ? 
  i read this all the time in reddit but the only reason you have trouble instinctively telling the weather from celsius is because you 're not used to it . 
  0 is cold , 10 is chilly , 15 is warm , 20 is room temperature , anything over 25 is hot . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  i have n't watched any toronto games this season . 
  is the komarov ( kulemin-gravoski ) line considered 1st line ? 
  glad to see komarov doing so well . 
  oh ok thanks . 
  good for him nevertheless . 
  toronto 's goal song is harlem snake ??? 
  oh god the cringe . 
  maybe he 's done some reporting or something . 
  i 've never really paid attention to anything outside the games and i have n't seen him casting any . 
  is a 5 minute boarding automatically a game misconduct ? 
  and no i thought 2 minutes would 've been fine . 
  it was n't from the side either . 
  if you think of north as forward that hit came from the south-east . 
  it was worth a penalty , but not worth 5 minutes . 
  come on , it 's just 2 hours or so . 
  what difference is 2 hours gon na make ? 
  oh ok well that makes sense . 
  that 's the time i reach for my laptop and complain about imbalance instead of watching the stream . 
  that 's so cool, 
  yeah but can you give 5 minutes for boarding without an attempt to injure ? 
  so the term prostitute ca n't be used when talking about people who sell sex for money because not all women are prostitutes ? 
  you make no sense . 
  seems like you 're just looking for an excuse to be offended . 
  a young female hockey fan , esp . 
  one motivated more by a desire to watch , meet , or become esp . 
  sexually involved with the players than by an interest in the sport itself .
