  i can follow stuff when i 'm high , but next morning i 've forgotten it . 
  it 's great because i can still enjoy movies but i can also watch them again much sooner without remembering all the good parts . 
  well . . not really . 
  i welcome any girls though . 
  i wish i could blame activision for this, 
  i do n't know how you did n't think of that . 
  it 's pretty common sense . 
  it 's common sense . 
  i did this the first time i opened ah , did n't need anyone to tell me . 
  girl is angelica , the guy is rocco . 
  you can find the entire video on 4gifs with those search words . 
  i found the original post on jj.am - no source :(, 
  it 's both . 
  all the political correctness in the world wo n't make me wrong . 
  typo in the title ? 
  instant front page, 
  i do n't understand why people have such a big problem with main characters often dying in modern fpss . 
  you 're in the middle of war . 
  people die all around you , allies , enemies , civilians . 
  but when you die it 's a `` gimmick '' . 
  many of real life 's most amazing soldiers ' stories end with them dying . 
  and let 's face it ; before cod started killing every main character people bitched about one man killing thousands of soldiers without dying . 
  i do n't really understand why people have such a huge problem with boosting aside from the fact that it sucks to get boosters as teammates . 
  but if they 're on their own server ? 
  i would never boost myself because i do n't see the point since you can get all the weapon unlocks so quickly even without boosting . 
  is it the leaderboard `` fame '' ? 
  i think the best punishment for boosters is to let them boost so one day they 'll realize how badly they spent their youth . 
  it says 3 comments but i only see 2 . 
  could it be the gallery link got caught up in some spam filter ? 
  so does pretty much everything else i did at 17, 
  that 's more like sweden and finland . 
  if you 're in helsinki or stockholm the sun does technically set for about 2 hours or so but the earth is in such an angle that the sun still lights everything even though it has technically set . 
  it 's not direct sunlight but still extremely visible . 
  if you go to lapland you can get actual direct sunlight for 24 hours . 
  ps1 made me spell medieval wrong for half a decade, 
  i do n't see how someone else boosting has any effect on your stats , titles or emblems . 
  i do n't boost in any games exactly for the same reason , i want my own stats to actually portray how well i 've played and i get satisfaction from genuinely earning titles etc. 
  but i fail to see how someone else 's unlocks can rustle your jimmies . 
  yeah but by the time you make it back to your xbox the strongest high is already over / firstworldproblem, 
  everything went better than expected, 
  i 'm sorry if i 'm the first to tell you this but life usually is n't fair, 
  well . . 
  i would n't . 
  the forest is all cool and shit but it gets boring pretty quickly . 
  i admit it 's a cool place to go smoke every now and then but i would n't spend all my days there . 
  or just do n't live in a 3rd world country or america so that your doors wo n't have that gap underneath, 
  \\  does n't already have at least a 100mbps connection at home, 
  seeing as how the parent comment call it `` goal # 2 '' i do n't think he/she watches too much football . 
  it 's not as systematic as that . 
  a team does n't always have a 7 or a 9, 
  i wish it was like that . 
  i was an exchange student also and i admit a lot of the american kids were smart and knowledgeable but the amount of completely uneducated people even in high school is just stunning . 
  probably around 1 out of 5 would seriously ask ridiculous questions or be amazed that we have stuff like tv/internet/iphones / freedom/pepsi in finland . 
  yeah it 's true 4 out of 5 did n't but u.s is n't the only country i 've spent time in and nowhere else do these people even exist . 
  everyone has at least a vague idea of the world . 
  sure people are surprised if we have the exact same product and children always ask stupid shit but where i come from by the time you make it to high school you 're supposed to be educated of the world . 
  it 's not a continuation of middle school where people keep learning nothing . 
  the smart kids i befriended learnt their stuff from extra activities/own free time . 
  beastiality is legal in some european countries as well like finland where i live . 
  the logic is any form of animal mishandling or abuse is already illegal , so if you 're not hurting the animal in any way why ban sweet sweet loving . 
  yeah i did n't really have a say in that the vote was back in the 70 's i think . 
  yeah ... no . 
  that chair is not a very good weapon and pretty easy to take away especially from a skinny girl like that . 
  i 'm not saying he should have done anything , but if he decided to it would had been unlikely to get `` seriously hurt '' . 
  if you go afk and do n't quit the game someone should punch you in the face . 
  especially in s & d. 
  yeah all the buttons where i live work . 
  if it 's a busy intersection there is no button . 
  multiple presses do n't speed it up but sometimes they let out a funny noise if you press them fast enough so that was all the reason i needed as a kid . 
  rural michigan . 
  i have family in the states and had spent 4 summers in maine with them as a kid/young teenager , so i already had a pretty good idea of the u.s not solely based on stereotypes . 
  it 's not stupidity per se , it 's uneducatedness ( that 's a word now ) . 
  these same people could be brilliant at something else . 
  so you would n't really witness this kind of ignorance because it 's not every day you and your american pals discuss lifestyles in other countries . 
  i like this conversation because you can easily tell the newfags . 
  pfft vaginas . 
  you mean [ this one ] ( http://nappa.kuvat.fi/candydada.gif ) ? 
  i was n't being sensitive , it 's not like i was offended by those questions . 
  i can tell the differece between friends busting my balls and people being genuinely surprised . 
  i think her name is candy dada or the video is called `` candy & dada '' or something along those lines but you should be able to find the whole thing with the two words, 
  yeah i know i 've looked through the same clips . 
  i do n't get why 99 % of shemale porn seems to be shemale-on-guy . 
  i 'd love to see some good shemale-on-girl but it 's so rare i do n't even bother looking for it . 
  i like brady, 
  i do n't think you can call any team yankees of _____ in a sport where there 's a salary cap . 
  the correct answer gets downvoted to hell so it would n't disturb the circlejerk, 
  it could be video of a lan game on a jtag console . 
  anything is possible that way . 
  are you sure it was over xbox live ? 
  well maintaining roads is n't free . 
  there will never be a point when the road has completely paid for itself and all it 's expenses because there will always be new expenses as long as the road is in use . 
  just sayin . 
  til bombastic actually means something and not just a word shaggy invented, 
  your url is fucked up, 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10pcm9n2tdk in case anyone else is interested . 
  yeah that 's a crazy video . 
  i do n't know what 's going on . 
  i hope that 's not a legit live server . 
  sometimes you can get a modded xbox online though , i personally played a pirated nhl10 for like 200 games online ( no hacks or anything ) and the console never got banned . 
  but that was just a firmware flash for the dvd drive , you need much more for something like this .
