  i just ca n't stand not having correct colors . 
  but i 'll give the userstyle thing a try , thanks !, 
  well if i had roommates i 'd wash it before use as well just to be sure, 
  passing is the only tactic if your opponent can play at all . 
  sure a few well places skill moves every now and then can make a big difference but players who rely on skill moves always end up getting crushed . 
  if you 're looking for good beers in helsinki [ kaisla ] ( http://www.oluthuone.fi/kaisla.html ) and [ olutkellari helsinki ] ( http://www.olutkellarihelsinki.fi/ ) also have very good selections of beers from around around the world . 
  this . 
  for us non-english speaking folk playing video games ( which are of course always in english ) and communicating either across the couch or online this is a struggle we face every day . 
  i 've picked to pronounce the words like they are in english but without the english accent . 
  kinda the same way you say foreign names . 
  it probably sounds horrible to anyone speaking english but it 's much better than just `` reading the word in my language '' . 
  yeah ... you 're on the internet . 
  the system you 're proposing mostly reminds me of the tv age rating shit . 
  nsfw is good , if you 're at work you should n't click it , otherwise there is still the mystery of the internet . 
  besides you 'll never actually get people behind this proposal . 
  maybe some redditors will try using it but you know there are millions and millions of people here and most of us visit other sites as well . 
  nsfw system ? 
  on irc ? 
  oh boy am i glad i have n't used it since ' 05 . 
  sounds like you managed to pussify the entire thing . 
  nothing about badassery . 
  you ca n't deny that irc is n't as popular now as it was in the 90s and early 00s, 
  no they are n't . 
  with any self control there is n't an addiction on this planet that ca n't be beaten . 
  weak people are weak . 
  no sympathy from me . 
  vanquish is the shit . 
  probably the best 360 game in terms of technical execution and gameplay . 
  everything just . . works . 
  played it 3 times now . 
  still ca n't get all the challenges . 
  but ironically to this thread i hated the end credits :p, 
  just played the warriors on ps2 with a friend like a month ago . 
  great co-op . 
  not a kitten but a dog . 
  equally disturbing . 
  even worse if you make eye contact . 
  still that was n't too difficult to figure out . 
  i did n't even notice the grammar mistake while reading . 
  wings has always had great scouting staff, 
  i would like to see the entire play but based on what we saw that was n't a fight , it was just one guy hitting another . 
  but how can you give 5 minutes for fighting without giving it to the other guy as well ? 
  if it was n't a fight should n't the penalty be roughing or unsportsmanlike conduct or something ? 
  haters gon na hate . 
  jealous people gon na ... jelly ? 
  well actually there is no official guideline on this so it 's left to the statskeeper 's discretion . 
  a lot of times if a player blocks a shot right in the crease or something it is counted as a shot . 
  what about a shot that hits the post , ricochets into the goalies back/skate/whatever and goes in ? 
  i 'm not talking about the goalie stumbling the puck into the net but a puck that travels so fast even after hitting the post there 's nothing the goalie can do about it going in . 
  in grey area situations like this especially near the end of a game it 's always best for the ref to just go strictly by the rule book . 
  it 's much easier to defend a call that some might find unnecessary but that was according to the rule book than explaining why you chose not to call an obvious penalty . 
  if you ca n't make rational decisions and ignore family ties you should n't coach your sons team, 
   for those of us unsaddled with addiction, 
  and what makes you think i 'd be one of those people, 
  minumum effort , maximum profit, 
   it 's not that gimp sucks , it 's that its user interface is too different from what people are used to, 
  a badly designed user interface means sucking . 
  and i used gimp long before i had even tried photoshop so do n't get started with `` you 're just used to different things ... '', 
  i 'm not saying we should n't help people with addiction . 
  just that it 's not an excuse for behaviour . 
  it 's something these people brought on themselves and are responsible for . 
  it 's even funnier the second time you read it thru . 
  not just usual spaghetti bullshit but this actually took some thought . 
   these skills can help the student become a more active , informed and effective citizen . 
  they can also be used in the workplace , both in leadership roles and as a member of a team . 
  excuse me but i think critical thinking and broadening your perspective of the world are admirable things on themselves and do n't need to be justified by how they make you a `` better citizen '' or a more effective servant in the workplace . 
  what if the puck goes in the net even though it was never shot ? 
  like a pass that took a weird bounce or something ? 
  is it possible to have a goal but 0 shots ? 
  well that 's . . lame, 
  it helps though . 
  my ex had crazy migranes and she agreed that even the thought of smoke made her nauseous but after it was over it helped . 
  i 'm guessing vaping is easier . 
  that 's what i do when i have a cold or pretty much any other kind of illness . 
  works like a charm . 
  which brings out a more interesting question . 
  where do you get your pee ? 
  sauce ? 
  that screen is from max payne 2, 
  he is correct about the grammar not being perfect but you got ta be pretty retarded to not understand what op was saying . 
  http://www.mytrashmail.com/ works just as well . 
  have used it for years, 
  which one ? 
  1,001 players , 
  worst part is it 's not even funny, 
  do n't use thepiratebay . 
  nothing against piratebay but it 's an open tracker and one most featured in the media = one with the most attention from riaa and mpaa . 
  find a proper closed tracker like sct was or tl is and stick with them . 
  also on these sites there is no risk of fake files . 
  sorry but demonoid is one of the shittiest closed trackers on the internet . 
  sure you can get by using it , it 's not as bad as trying to find torrents via google or something but it 's nowhere near good torrent trackers . 
  and i might be wrong but was n't he the concept artist for the world of ** fallout 3 ** ? 
  the thing that baffles me the most about gay sheppard being a `` prefered choice '' is that i banged miranda in me2 and plan on importing that save file ( if possible ) . 
  and i 'm guessing so did the majority of the players . 
  so why in the world would a gay sheppard be the default . 
  wtf is this, 
  the ducks gm said he 's open for negotiations even for getzlaf or ryan . . 
  repost since mods were bitching about the original, 
   this has been removed . 
  please use a reliable host as stated in the sidebar .
