   because we associate that look with cheap programming, 
  but cheap programming is n't actually shot or broadcasted at 60fps so there must be something about 60fps that inherently makes us associate it with cheap programming other than similarity , since there actually is n't a similarity . 
   you might as well say , `` do n't make electric cars , gasoline is efficient enough '' or `` do n't come up with new cancer treatment because chemo and radiation therapy works well enough '' or `` do n't deploy gigabit fiber to every house , copper internet is good enough '' . 
  but that 's not at all the same . 
  those are all `` i do n't need better because old is good enough '' . 
  24fps looks better than 48fps , therefore it * is * better . 
  48fps is n't automatically better just because the technology required for it is newer . 
  the argument is n't `` i 'm satisfied with old '' it 's `` i prefer old '' . 
  just like i wear shoes with laces even though velcro has been invented or prefer cooking with a conventional oven compared to a microwave . 
   the only reason 24 fps looks `` nicer '' in films is because it is what we are used to . 
  how do you know ? 
  have you tried getting used to 48fps movies then switching back to 24fps ? 
  i highly doubt it seeing as how few there are . 
  and even if it were true so what ? 
  is the whole mankind going to unlearn this preference ? 
  i do n't see any reason to force the change just for the sake of change . 
  i do n't think i 've literally ever watched a self-taped home video that was n't broadcasted either through television ( afv etc. ), 
  or youtube . 
   people were against color and sound movies for the same reason . 
  that 's not really the same since those objectively add something new . 
  48 fps is literally just more of the same . 
  but i do agree that a lot of it is just habit . 
   our goal with visuals should be to shoot light at our eyes as if the light were coming from the actual scene . 
  but that is simply not true . 
  in fact it 's a large part of what differentiates movies from documentaries for example . 
  planet earth looks great at 60fps , nobody is going to complain about it running smoothly . 
  it tries to look as close to real life as possible . 
  movies very rarely aim to look like we 're standing right there on set . 
  all sorts of color correction and filtering to reach a desired atmosphere while in fact making it less like what was in front of the camera in real life while shooting are standard in the industry . 
  studios pay big money for such processes which is part of the reason why more `` natural '' footage gets called `` cheap looking '' . 
  it is why `` more realistic '' or `` clearer '' does not automatically equal better like you seem fixated on . 
  i hope you 'll find help for that . 
  modern medicine can do wonders . 
  would i walk on ice ? 
  yes . 
  i would . 
  if you zoom in on the picture the colors displayed in it are white and brown . 
  like the literal rgb values of the pixels . 
  i do n't care what the dress is like in real life , the digital picture is composed of white and brown ( gold ) pixels . 
  i do n't fucking believe you, 
   if you can not answer that , the only answer is that you are used to it . 
  but even if that were true it would n't make me wrong . 
  seeing as how you ca n't answer `` what makes 48 better '' either with anything other than `` in mathematics 48 is a higher number than 24 '' which is a completely absurd statement and makes no sense . 
  a bigger number does not equal better . 
  a higher ping is not better . 
  a higher price is not better . 
  a higher blood pressure is not better . 
  why is a higher frame rate automatically better just because the number is bigger ? 
  but we have already established that movie makers do not aim to display what is in front of the camera as accurately as possible . 
  you 're obsessed with this idea of accuracy and i do n't disagree that a higher frame rate better represents the experience of standing there in place of the camera , but that 's not the goal . 
  you can very well make the argument that choosing a lower frame rate is exactly the same as using filters that obscure details or make the lighting appear in a way that it did not appear to a human eye at the set where it was filmed . 
  a movie is n't a science experiement with the goal of total precision but an artpiece and if the creator of said artpiece feels it better conveys the atmosphere and emotions desired using said lower frame rate then he has every right to choose it and say it served the purpose better than the more accurate higher frame rate would 've . 
  a higher frame rate in video games is not better because it 's a higher number . 
  it 's better because video game functionality very often lies in precision and reflexes . 
  in fact it 's common to hear that a game is locked to 30 `` but it 's ok , since it 's turnbased '' or whatever similiar game mechanic that eliminates the need for precision and reflexes . 
  but the vast majority of video games do n't fall into that category , thus there is a legitimate reasoning behind the superiority of a higher frame rate . 
  you 're clearly hell-bent on the notion that more accurate is always better , yet we are talking about a form of media that does not aim for accuracy . 
  it goes as far as being the expectation that the footage that makes it to the final version will purposfully be altered and often deteriorated in quality to achieve the desired tone . 
   with current technology , there are no downsides to 48 fps, 
  yes , there are . 
  a creator can deem it to look worse . 
  that is the ultimate downside . 
  it does n't need any mathematical formulas behind it . 
  it does n't need justification . 
  if it makes a visual media look worse to the eye of the creator or the consumer it is worse regardless of how advanced the technology behind it is . 
   now that i have humored you nitpicking my argument , please answer my question . 
  why is 24 fps better . 
  why is 24 some magic number . 
  say i want to use 25 fps, 
  first off i have not been nitpicking and secondly 24 is no magic number . 
  i have just been using it for the sake of consistency . 
  i ca n't tell the difference between 24 and 25 nor have i implied i can . 
   or , say i want to use 16 fps , like some of the first motion constant framerate motion projectors . 
  why 24 ? 
  then go for it . 
  at no point have i argued 24 as some perfect divine figure . 
  all i have argued for is that bigger is not automatically better . 
  that includes frame rates other than 24 per second . 
   you have failed to provide any possible alternative reason for a low framerate preference . 
  no i have not, 
   if the creator of said artpiece feels it better conveys the atmosphere and emotions desired using said lower frame rate then he has every right to choose it and say it served the purpose better than the more accurate higher frame rate would 've . 
   a creator can deem it to look worse . 
  that is the ultimate downside . 
  it does n't need any mathematical formulas behind it . 
  it does n't need justification . 
  i already explained to you how video games are an entirely different medium than movies and can not be compared directly . 
  sounds like purely an american thing . 
  do n't bring all us white people into this . 
  but that 's really only marketing . 
  you could very well release a movie on blu-ray with such intense filters that the image is less clear than say a nature documentary on dvd , call it an artistic choice and get away with it . 
  black & white films are still released and watched and there 's no omg we 've had color film for 100 years controversy . 
   never heard about that . 
  you 've never heard the term pirinisti ? 
  do you live in an alternative dimension by any chance ? 
  amphetamine been the most used hard drug in finland for over 50 years [ source ] ( http://yle.fi/teos/huumesuomi/amfetamiini/ ) . 
  in fact finland uses 3rd most amphetamine per capita in europe [ source ] ( http://www.mtv.fi/uutiset/kotimaa/artikkeli/jatevedet-paljastavat-suomi-yksi-amfetamiinin-kayton-karkimaista/5160548 ) . 
  there actually is `` knife control '' in that j\u00e4rjestyslaki bans carrying them in all public places . 
   what is that exactly ? 
  what is `` finnish knife control '' ? 
   often pays the rent straigth to renter and then they 'll pay you rest of the welfare that you can use for food ( and drugs/booze ),
