  yeah but he played about 10 times better than his opponent, 
  a part of why they were expected to win was because they played zerg . 
  not directly , but of course you 're going to have a good track record if you play with an op race . 
   kid, 
  your post history makes this insult even funnier, 
  exactly . 
  sc2 ( like any game ) has always had balance issues . 
  balance issues tend to be fixed so people do n't make a huge deal out of them . 
  in this case blizzard is completely ignoring the problem and straight up lying and people are getting tired of it . 
  no thank you . 
  you do realize that this makes your comment history even sadder to look at ? 
  it was n't an insult towards sniper . 
  he just used his last moment in the spotlight to say out loud what we are all thinking . 
  bending over and simply accepting shit does n't make you any more `` mature '' . 
  asians are so silly when it comes to discipline . 
  this is r/starcraft . 
  you can assume people on here watched the biggest sc2 tournament and the semifinals of the biggest sc2 league both broadcasted today . 
  seeing those games are enough of a support for claiming zerg is op . 
  interlaced . 
  720i is rare but 1080i actually used to be quite common . 
  basically instead of updating the whole picture x times per second it only updates every other vertical line which of course requires half the bandwidth and in some context the difference is almost unnoticable . 
  when used on anything with fast movement like video games or sports you can notice the picture `` tearing '' though . 
  i 'm sure i was n't 100 % technically accurate but this is a simplified/stupified explanation . 
  e. [ this picture ] ( http://www.s3graphics.com/image/technologies/interlaced.gif ) will probably help you understand my explanation . 
  yeah i never understood the point of that . 
  cool vocabulary bro http://gifwall.net/gif/gw-assburger-ezrpgw.gif, 
  when i was a virgin/unexperienced i had the opposite problem . 
  it was surprisingly difficult to cum . 
  and no she was n't ugly . 
  i 've heard this is actually quite common even though the joke is always virgins come in 5 seconds . 
  upscaling does n't cause that `` doubling '' or `` ghosting '' effect . 
  camera or the unit moving does n't matter if the picture was progressive . 
  even when the camera moves at any given frame the hp bar is still drawn as one bar . 
  the fact that the camera moving caused that effect proves the stream is either interlaced or has other compressing algorithms applied to it that save bandwidth by not updating the entire picture every time . 
  or it could be the fact that the game fps is n't synced with the stream 's fps and how that 's handled . 
  there are a number of factors here but i 'd still go with interlaced as the most probable choice . 
  well i can understand keeping up the quality of posts on / b / is extremely important . 
  whoops . 
  you 're correct . 
  i blame it on the fact it was 8am after gsl finished last `` night '' . 
   ryung was incredibly unprofessional, 
  i do n't agree . 
  yeah he broke the rules but so what ? 
  i respect him a lot for speaking out when there 's clearly a problem , even if the rules are designed to silence differing opinions . 
  i did n't see it as an insult towars sniper . 
  it was simply his last moment to voice out his ( everyone 's ) opinion to such a big audience . 
  and he did it regardless of knowing he will be punished . 
  to me that 's unselfish , not unprofessional . 
  is this what tb was commenting ? 
  i was n't paying full attention and apparently ign 's `` dvr '' stream jumps back 5 minutes when i move my mouse 1 pixel ( the video is 25 hours long and there is no `` zoom '' function like on longer youtube videos ) so i decided it was n't worth it . 
  not if i watch live . 
  if i use the dvr function the ads come on at wrong times . 
  actually not even ads but that annoying `` ads in progress '', 
  actually there have been a few instances where the fps has dropped significantly , and you can definitely see it 's the pc running the game/streaming , not the internet connection . 
  if ryung was a zerg and sniper t he 'd have no reason to type imba imba imba imba, 
  how the fuck did you get to silver with only a 100 games ? 
  it took me around 500 just to get the game to promote me from bronze , even though nearing the end i was winning around 80 % of my games and leading my division by over 150 points compared to the 2nd . 
  i know it 's not an achievement to dominate bronze and i do n't mean it like that , i 'm just complaining how long it took the game to recognize it . 
  last ~ 100 matches or so before promoting out of bronze were all against silver or gold opponents which was kinda weird . 
  also when i finally got promoted i was instantly ranked 2nd in my silver division . 
  a friend of mine theorized the game was maybe trying to decide if it should bump me up to gold directly or not . 
  i really have no clue how the mmr system works so i do n't know either way . 
  you mean meme arrows ? 
  it is authentic . 
  i remember the `` news '' stories about it when it was new . 
  basically a publicity stunt for pepsi and a pretty effective one at that since it 's still being linked . 
  looking at those comments from 2009 it amazes me how reddit ( one person etc. ), 
  can fail to understand the most obvious joke . 
  they 're on the west coast though which makes a 3 hour difference ( in the wrong direction ) . 
  last games of the day have been 8am over here . 
  little earlier today but still pretty late ( or early ? 
  has scarlett actually ever faced stephano ? 
  how about recently ? 
  i ca n't recall a game . 
  it 's funny how everyone 's circlejerking over how good his english is even though he sounds about the same as an average 6th grader in finland . 
  and we have to learn 2 languages before english . 
  i do admit he speaks better than other korean players but if a european player spoke this badly he 'd be ridiculed instead of praised even though english would n't be their native language either . 
  yeah but that 's exactly my point . 
  why the difference in standards ? 
  it 's not like it 's more difficult to access the internet or other english media from korea . 
  sniper is the definition of a patch zerg though . 
  yeah he 's definitely a good player and has undoubtedly put in tons of effort but it 's not like he 's seriously the best player around . 
  honestly i care more about blizzard finally getting the message that the game is imbalanced than the feelings of a single player . 
  besides he won gsl , it 's not like qq from an eliminated player is going to ruin that moment . 
   same thing happening with europeans really , i hear lots of praise about grubby 's english , because it is better than the average european . 
  you ca n't really compare the two as grubby speaks practically perfect english , albeit with a fairly strong accent . 
  drg can understand simple sentences and answer with a word or two . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'm not hating on drg and compared to other koreans he actually gained a lot of respect in my eyes for taking the time to improve his english , but honestly in this day and age speaking english should be the default , not an exception . 
  i mean even stephano speaks better english than any korean player and he 's french who are probably the most infamous people for refusing to learn foreign languages . 
  and it 's not like you see or hear any english at france either . 
  that 's why i think it 's kinda silly when one korean speaks so-so english and everyone 's acting like he 's achieved something unprecedented . 
  the alphabet is a good point . 
  did n't really even think about that . 
  does n't most kpop feature english lyrics or at least choruses though ? 
  at least the songs/clips from tv shows i 've come across tended to include english even if majority of the speech was in korean though i do admit my sample size is not huge . 
  that never happens here so i 'm not so sure of the part about exposure . 
  especially when talking about the internet , korean computer access the exactly same web ours do . 
  now if only there was a reason to get netflix . 
  some of the 3rd party apps using kinect are really cool , but they 're mostly cool in the way that captures your attention for the duration of a 3 minute youtube video . 
  no matter how accurate the motion sensor or voice recognition system i 'd still rather play my video games with a controller of some sort than by waving around .
