  what this basically did was everything that did n't one shot you could n't kill you . 
  most of my fights were punch , receive punch , pause , potion , unpause , punch , receive punch , pause , potion ... 
  it was n't very much fun but the game is designed with it in mind so i 'm not going to restrict myself artificially . 
  and to be honest i did n't find the melee combat that great either , and there have been tons of melee focused games that have done it in a non-repetetive and challenging way so it 's not impossible . 
  no one but the casuals ever played source . 
  the competetive players stuck with 1.6 until csgo was released . 
  that 's complete bullshit . 
  css is a spray and pray noobie game . 
   when and where did i even compare css to go ? 
   biggest skill induced learning curves in the shooter genre, 
  csgo was just one example . 
  i do n't know how they transfer if you 're looking to continue the same field in another university , but a bachelor 's degree from a finnish university is a bachelor 's degree just like anywhere else . 
  you should n't have any issues if you just put that down in your resume . 
   still uses the same ` engine ' as ie , it 's basically just a skin . 
  i 'd be fine with that . 
  i have no issues with the ie 's engine , the gui is just shit . 
  you 'll probably like it more than a fan would . 
  it 's an ok action game , it has nothing to do with splinter cell . 
  what 's a `` male only space '' ? 
  serious question , i 've never heard of this term before . 
  only thing i can think of is a locker room or a bathroom but nobody hates those , right ? 
  i love the mac trackpad . 
  i have a proper gaming mouse attached , but when i 'm simply browsing the web i find myself using the trackpad 90 % of the time . 
  he probably was n't referring to northern states . 
  some ill-informed people use `` yankee '' almost as a synonym to `` redneck '' . 
  i know it makes no sense . 
   as far as those speculating that this is mental illness or cries for help ... 
  i 'm seeing telltale signs of amphetamine psychosis . 
  i do n't see how those are mutually exclusive . 
  i 'd even say they often go together . 
  but how is being alone at home with a contractor any different from being alone any time anywhere ? 
  you probably do n't hand them your keys if they 're working outside . 
  what about walking outside alone , how is that any safer ? 
  or picking up mail ? 
  or taking out the trash ? 
  do you simply not spend any time alone ? 
  how is it to live in fear ? 
  shiiiiet you 're right . 
  because in some countries the prosecutors actually consider the spirit of the law as well as the letter of the law . 
  just because someone technically broke a law does n't mean they get charged if it 's in nobody 's best interest . 
  i did n't really misread anything , i kinda stopped reading halfway through the sentence :p, 
  do n't australian laws also ban pornography with a cup breasts , because it 's almost like child porn ? 
  not sure if it 's just a urban legend . 
  op said `` porn '' and this is the `` picture op is referring to '' . 
  you seriously ca n't figure out whether a `` porn picture '' is going to be nsfw or not ? 
  calling it a porn picture is n't labeling it as nsfw ? 
   i mean , i understand the appeal because `` yay boobs '' but my question is why ? 
  you answered your own question . 
  because yay boobs . 
  what about something like a fitness magazine with a cups in bikinis ? 
  would that be ok ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  but he said it was 50-50 . 
  i totally understand child support when one of the parents takes the kids , but this is joint custody . 
  how is it logical or not sexist that he still has to pay ? 
  besides , a lot of single parents would disagree with, 
   it 's pretty much impossible to raise kids on just one income, 
   the kids should n't go from being well off with dad to being poor with mom week to week . 
  why not ? 
  i understand why the parents would n't want that , but it should n't be expected of him . 
  he takes care of the kids 50 % of the time , the kids live a quality of life akin to him 50 % of the time . 
  she takes care of the kids 50 % of the time , the kids live like she does . 
  sounds logical to me . 
  besides it 's a shit site for trying to share anything bigger than 2mb . 
  well it 's not anywhere now . 
   we also have channels that operate entirely in spanish . 
  that 's not really a valid comparison as spanish is actually a language . 
  it makes sense to have a channel broadcasting on a language that many americans speak natively . 
  how about not segregating history into `` white history '' or `` black history '' and just having 12 months of history ? 
  and if you 're going down that road , how come there is no `` asian history month '' ? 
  in fact there should be at least 6 months of asian history a year seeing as how they have some of the oldest cultures in the world . 
  to be honest `` black people '' as a group do n't really have that much history to be told before the 20th century . 
  that 's why `` regular history '' has so little black people in it . 
  europeans and asians do . 
  nothing racist about stating the facts . 
  people citing `` virtual barriers '' and racism for their shortcomings in the year 2013 are just making excuses . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't any racist folk out there , but not enough to stop anyone from fulfilling their dreams . 
  besides in my experience black people on average tend to be the most racist of all . 
  fresh prince probably appeals more to white people . 
  not every image in the thread , but every image claiming to be the one op was referring to does . 
  well that 's cool but i 've never even heard of it before . 
  i remember `` black history month '' was everywhere . 
  we had posters up at the school , everyone on tv was going on and on about it etc. 
  i do n't know three black people . 
  i did because rikki six gets posted about twice a day on this sub . 
  this is not a complaint btw . 
  in that way ? 
  i do n't know about a region , but in many european countries we use the word yankee or derivatives of it to describe the `` american '' stereotype that 's pretty much the same as the american `` redneck '' stereotype . 
  probably because to many people the `` uneducated redneck '' stereotype applies to all americans . 
  mostly people who have n't traveled themselves and like to hate america because it 's cool . 
  \\  parents who watch tv, 
  stay pleb, 
  i can confirm i was born in 1990 , i did n't watch much ren and stimpy and even less spongebob but a shit ton of the simpsons . 
  so that 's why asians have such open and care-free cultures with low suicide rates ? 
  yeah what 's up with those names ? 
  are they like an older translation or something ? 
  yet you know this because you subscribe to her ? 
  i loved those `` old school '' platformer maps without fludd . 
  i liked sunshine as a whole , but i always wished they made an entire game like those maps were . 
  and that music !,
