  it 's the same 10 fold whether i 'm talking about height , weight , volume , energy . . 
  it 's a better , more logical system . 
  no man , it 's not just my opinion . 
  not really, 
  you 're wrong about europe . 
  as a kid me and everyone else i know where taught to keep the fork in the non-dominant ( left ) hand and never switch . 
  i often eat with fork in right hand though , basically anything but steak . 
   no trade clause, 
   requested a trade, 
  that 's kinda unfair do n't you think, 
  as a general rule of the internet , if the flamer does n't even know how to spell the name right , it 's probably not worth it to start debating him . 
  by putting up 61 points last year while also playing physically and helping out the d ? 
  me too , ever since he won the championship in 98 . 
  i 'm so glad he bounced back after the troubles a few years ago . 
  yeah that was my first reaction `` he 's touching it ? '', 
  every episode of kitchen nightmares is the exact same though . 
  you can always tell exactly how long into the episode they are after 10 seconds of watching . 
  yeah i 'm great at doing stuff tomorrow as well, 
  well to be fair i do n't think how much those newcomers would learn just hanging out with other newcomers . 
  i doubt many seasoned veterans with actual advice post on r/saplings . 
   thank you and your husband for your service , 
  i know military blah everyone 's a hero blah blah but thanking someone else for his service seem kinda odd . 
  i know taking care of the house for 8 months can be tough but do n't you think remarks like that understate his sacrifice ? 
  i mean he 's the one taking the risk of possibly getting shot at , not his wife . 
  god damn america ruining everyone 's fun with your silly gambling laws . 
  i do n't even understand why gabmling should be illegal . 
  where i 'm from every grocery store/gas station/kiosk has at least a couple slot machines and sports betting is not only legal but the biggest bookie company is government run and the profits go to youth sports and veterans/handicapped people . 
  everyone wins . 
  i think my main problem is i spend a majority of my free time with people who are too young to remember the 90 's . 
  90 's for god 's sake . 
  noob highs were like trips . 
  smoking weed nowadays is like a whole other drug . 
  i still love it , but i wish i could experience some of those `` first highs '' again . 
  euro fucked us over . 
  weed used to be around 50-60mk 's a gram . 
  then euro came and people started asking something like 12-14 $ a gram . 
  but over time people shifted towards 20 $ as they realized it was a nice round amount ( and paper money only ) and buyers were willing to pay that much so these days everyone just asks for 20 $ . 
  bigger deals you can get for a bit cheaper ( 15 $ + ) but good luck finding a couple of grams for less than 20 . 
  25cents is not that bad ? 
  where i live you get dirty looks for 5 $ bills . 
  most dealers will accept them but definitely no coins ( even though we have 1 & 2 $ coins ) . 
  good friends may accept coins but there are several not so nice names for paying drug transactions with coins that i wo n't even attempt to translate . 
  no actually the celsius system is more useful for everyday life . 
  the scale is exactly the same as in kelvin but it 's centered around temperatures we come in contact with every day . 
  0 means water freezes , 100 means water boils that 's pretty logical do n't you think ? 
  and if you want kelvin you just add 273 to it . 
  yeah and i think 5v5 is best for cod as well . 
  of course it hugely depends on the map size but i personally think it makes for more interestng matches than 4v4 . 
  i have a suggestion . 
  stop playing against the cpu . 
  it 's terrible . 
  it 's not the way this game is meant to be played . 
  most dribbling wo n't even have any effect on the cpu , playing against it just oversimplifies the game and takes creativity out of it . 
  0 k is exactly as constant as -273.15 celsius . 
  kelvin is the same scale as celsius they just shifted the 0 to a more common part of the scale for ease in everyday life . 
  you can use kelvin for science and celsius for weather and you wo n't get confused because the two scales are exactly the same . 
  you know this , you 're just trying to be difficult , 
   literally the very explanation used to justify imperial 's existence . 
  a foot is is the size of a foot . 
  pretty logical , do n't you think ? 
  that 's a terrible stretch . 
  first of all my foot is twice the size of my mother 's so the size of a foot is hardly constant . 
  secondly the main difference between metric and imperial is not the size of the units , it 's how they interact with each other . 
  are you arguing 12-3-1760 is more logical and simple than 10-10-10 ? 
  playing with a friend is the most fun . 
  but you should definitely invest a couple of bucks in the online play , it 's almost as much fun and always available . 
  if i did n't have friends or the online pass i honestly do n't think i 'd ever even put the disc in . 
  yes they do . 
  you can easily tell the difference when farming and visiting the same places over and over again in new games . 
  the differences are n't huge but they definitely do change . 
  i think time has glorified your memories of d2 . 
  while i agree that you had a bigger `` bond '' with your character you pretty much had to keep to a strict build ( you found on the internet ) to have a decent end game character . 
  i understand that both systems have their ups and downs but i really hate having to pick certain skills that look cool at level 12 only to have that bite me in the ass at level 60 because i did n't check online what the best skills were . 
  i like testing everything and finding out what i enjoy the most . 
  yeah i agree with you . 
  content and items are easy to add , new skills not so much . 
  yeah i agree with you . 
  people bitching about video game stories especially in a game like this is ridiculous . 
  even praised video game plots would be ridiculed if published as books or movies because they simply are n't that good . 
  and we 're talking about a dungeon crawler that you 're supposed to play through 4 times before you even beat the game . 
  the stort is irrelevant . 
  yeah well exactly my point . 
  i do n't enjoy having to dump characters . 
  it 's a tough balance between personalization and punishing players for experiementing . 
  the worst thing is it 's littered with noobs and blizzard seems to listen to them . 
  i did n't play d2 much , i 'm not diablo or rpg expert . 
  but even i knew it was a retarded fucking decision nerfing inferno . 
  blizzard forums was nothing but people complaining about inferno being too difficult since day 2 after the game was launched . 
  why did people want the entire game to be over quicker , and why the fuck did blizzard go with it ? 
  yeah i did n't mean it 's impossible to get around a cpu defender . 
  the thing is it feels completely random and thus not as satisfying . 
  against a human opponent you can time your moves and anticipate the d-man 's reactions and try to guess what he thinks you 'll do and fake and bluff and counter-fake-bluff etc. 
  etc it just feels great to dribble around a real opponent because you feel like you fooled them . 
  against the cpu you hit the skill stick around and hope the computer player enters the `` getting beat '' animation . 
  or well yes two years ago as well but they 're still taking a 2.2 m hit until the 2015-16 season . 
  the main problem with h2h is that since you ca n't know what team your opponents gon na be using everyone only picks the best teams . 
  besides h2h seasons i also play a lot of random custom games . 
  you get much more interesting match ups and more variety when everyone 's not real madrid in fear that they 'll opponent is going to be real madrid anyway . 
  you 're taking this karma thing ** way ** too seriously, 
  well i 'm not an expert on every european country but at least here in finland there are barely any regulations .
