  spore was n't a case of the community exaggerating with their expectations . 
  it was supposed to be everything `` hyped '' . 
  it was a late design decision to dumb it down and simplify it significantly . 
  all that `` hype '' was based on actual footage and interviews by will wright and other developers . 
  playing it really does remind you of how good it could had been if they had sticked to the original plan . 
  it just makes you sad when you play it . 
  i do n't recommend it even if you get it for free . 
  there are so many better free or sub $ 10 games out there i simply ca n't justify spending your ** time ** on it , even if it does n't cost you any money . 
  well first of all this is a muzzle load musket . 
  it 's very different from a `` modern '' rifle . 
  i have shot a muzzle loaded musket myself and there 's certainly a huge cloud of smoke that comes out the barrel but that flash is so quick you do n't see any sort of shape like in a picture , it 's just an indistinguishable flash of light and then a lot of smoke . 
  but it is n't a good game even if you have zero expectations . 
  that 's what i was saying in the second part of my comment , even if it 's free , it 's not worth the time investment . 
  there are so many better games for equal or cheaper price out there . 
  the only purpose it serves is to remind you about a beatiful idea once upon a time . 
  if you have no clue of that idea there is n't even that reason to try it . 
  of course it 's my opinion , no shit . 
  every time anyone says any game is good or bad it 's an opinion . 
  it 's just that my opinion seems to be shared with many others . 
  yeah that 's how it 's supposed to be and when it works it looks great , but it 's a videogame so sometimes they misinterpret cover and it 's hilarious, 
  in vice city ems revived people . 
  and i 'm pretty sure san andreas too . 
  720p is easily 2gb , 1080p can be up to 4gb . 
  if it 's a full movie with many scenes they can be up to 10gb or even more . 
  yes , but only if there is another dead body that they revive while you 're killing the first guy . 
  if he 's the only one dead the ambulance drives away after the revive . 
  yes , though sometimes they seem to randomly lose interest . 
  and not so theoretically either :p, 
  i can definitely recommend the complete collection . 
  it looks really , really cool as hardback , the print quality is so much better than the regular albums and there 's interesting insight in the prologue etc. 
  i got it for ~ 65 $ including shipping to mainland europe from amazon.co.uk but it seems to have gone up in price a little bit . 
  definitely worth it at any price though . 
  i can easily see him in the original one and this second one just ruins the point so yeah , it probably has to do with monitor settings . 
  thanks but any chance for a bigger version or is this the resolution of the source material ? 
  ok , any chance of getting a higher resolution version at a later date ? 
  i really love this but my screen is 1440p and though it 's not a huge deal you can definitely notice the scaling up when you stare at something like a desktop long enough . 
  2560x1440 thanks, 
  no but sometimes the girl is doing it right , but at the very moment the guy start to ejaculate or 2 seconds before he grabs the dick himself . 
  it 's actually quite common and totally ruins it . 
  yeah but it already happens and is annoying , do we really need to encourage it more ? 
  can you even launch online games like hearthstone without updating though ? 
  really ? 
  i 've never had an issue with finding an opponent . 
  the longest search i 've had was probably 20 seconds . 
  besides , op 's suggestion would n't make it any longer . 
  he did n't say you could pick which opponent to match against , but that the spin wheel would stop according to whoever you got matched against . 
  i consider my lumia pretty slow to boot up , and it takes like 15-20 seconds to go from black to fully operational . 
  not that big a deal if i leave it in the charger for an hour anyway . 
  gladly that 's a choice each player is given, 
  i 'd do it for a lot less . 
  the average rent for a decent sized apartment ( for one ) is around 500-700 euros where i live . 
  so just a little over 20 euros is enough to get to live rent free and for the small sacrifice of being peed on before i take a shower anyway . 
  i 'd take that deal . 
  [ when i was a kid , there were no dvds ] ( http://www.zuguide.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2008/11/gran-torino-clint-eastwood.jpg ), 
  i do n't think i ever owned one , but my local library did luckily have all of them ( at least according to the `` catalog '' on the back cover ) and i remember renting them so many times . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah well everyone 's experience differs . 
  maybe his hardware is lacking to fully enjoy it or the game is simply aimed at a different audience . 
  ca n't say i have experience as i play terran , but to me it looks like the drone turns around before the hatch even got blocked ( probably saw the shadow or something ) . 
  well i kinda understand why . 
  had i seen this in / r/cringepics i would had upvoted . 
  not because i cringed , but because it was funny and that 's what you do when you see a funny pic , you upvote . 
  especially when i 'm browsing the front page and not the sub directly ( 99 % of the time ) it 's hard to judge each pic on separate standards , it 's just `` funny/interesting = upvote '' . 
  practicality is rarely a consern when making novelty bongs . 
  to be fair , those child molester chat room trap things are an american phenomenon . 
  they would n't stick in swedish court either , which is why the swedish police does n't practice them . 
  those are her 2nd breasts . 
  she 's currently on the 3rd pair . 
  too bad she fucked up her lips too during the 3rd surgery . 
  i think she got her lips done at the same time so there was no 3rd pair before lips :( at least no pictures, 
  did n't google buy youtube in 2005 or something ? 
  back when 240p was the highest quality etc. 
  more ? 
  lol this looks identical to a small town in michigan i used to live in, 
  or good news depending on how you look at it, 
  i still do it . 
  ama . 
  sc2 is almost bigger in europe than it is in korea now . 
  sc was huge but lol/dota is bigger than sc2 in south korea . 
  sc2 gets support because blizzard has endless pockets of cash . 
  kinda like valve , but they actually use their powers for good unlike gaben . 
  no shit . 
  physics 101, 
  i like hot water & ice cubes . 
  sounds retarded i know but i feel like warm water makes the hits smoother than cold water , and then the ice cubes cool the smoke down . 
  i really hate using a bong without ice once i 've gotten used to it . 
  it feels strange getting these lukewarm breaths of air from a bong when you 're used to the soothing cold . 
  e. i do n't mean put the ice cubs in the hot water . 
  my bong has one of those ice cube stopping thingies so they 're in mid-air . 
   but if they have someone deleting comments outside of business hours, 
  it 's almost as if they have the technology to automate deleting every comment from 5pm to 8am . 
  nasl is the 2nd division under mls . 
  that means if football was n't dead in america , it 'd be a big deal . 
  i have no clue . 
  i just buy the regular ass ground meat and make it into patties . 
  what ? 
  that 's not normal in denmark . 
  kids having sex at 16 is , but asking their parents ' permission ? 
  maybe he lives in europe . 
  we have skittles , we do n't have poprocks .
