  yeah a ban from all valve associated events indefinitely but a big part of it was they did n't just throw , there was evidence of them betting against themselves . 
   questionable, 
  questionable is fine . 
  you 're allowed to make your own item choices and a ghost specter even makes sense even if it 's not the popular build . 
  it 's not like two brown boots which is literally throwing gold away or two blinks on qop . 
  but the hate has always been towards the lawmakers and enforcers ? 
  nobody expects the bankers to put themselves to jail . 
   why even compare the u.s. to iceland ? 
  iceland has 300,000 people . 
  sometimes this argument makes sense . 
  if we 're talking about some unified government social program for example . 
  in this case it makes zero fucking sense . 
  stop using it as a crutch whenever us is compared to other countries . 
  does the us not have prisons ? 
  does the us not already have infrastructure in place that would allow for putting people on trial ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the us has both of those so why on earth would the population difference matter here ? 
  but like you said the iceland is a smaller country so would n't it be logical that if they 're 1/100th the size then a bank that deals with 1/100th the amount of money has the same impact on local economy ? 
   femanon does n't even make sense in respect to the anon syntax . 
  anon means anonymous , meaning they know nothing about you, 
  that 's the point . 
  the term was born to make fun off hurr durr i 'm a girl posters . 
  ca n't even do anonymity properly . 
  where was this implied ? 
  the contrast is between women in general and men in general . 
  not women and r9k posters . 
  the entire point of the board is that the posters suffer from mental illnesses and anxiety disorders , it does n't have to be explicitly stated in each individual message . 
  the algorithm has n't been in use for years but you 're clearly an expert on the subject so please continue . 
  get a better phone, 
   browsing reddit on a phone, 
  absolutely degenerate tbh, 
  i was just glad to see new content , was n't expecting something so brilliant, 
  hating on jews was n't a 1930s thing . 
  it 's been going on for thousands of years . 
  and being the only religion that did n't prohibit usury did n't help their reputation . 
  those [ tattoos ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8bx5coo.jpg ) do n't just wash off once he gets home from a busy day of `` acting '' . 
  he might be exaggerating at times but you 're delusional if you think it 's all a character . 
  but neet solitude is much more enjoyable, 
  wageslave just got his mind blown, 
  tbh that makes a lot more sense to me than people who do n't have to work but choose to, 
  the webm is only 12mb but yeah you 're right about downscaling, 
  it 's used specifically when admiring one 's physique, 
  either sexually or non-sexually ( yea right ), 
  you do . 
  it 's called nhl gamecenter . 
  it 's just that in the us you suffer from local blackouts which do n't exist in europe . 
  you can use proxies to get around it though . 
  it is for cash . 
  daniel craig is not there because he wants to be there . 
  he 's there because it 's a part of his movie contract . 
  he 's paid to promote the movie, 
  not really, 
  thinking it 's the bowl you 're paying for is as autistic as calling a cancer research telethon and thinking you 're paying $ 10 to be able to speak to the woman on the phone for 30 seconds, 
  it 's very easy to understand and i 'm not even a native speaker . 
  work on your reading comprehension skills . 
   starcraft, 
   shitty, 
  pick one, 
  i got into lp for the first time just last week for abandoning 2 games ( i did it right after picks so the games did n't count ) . 
  unlike what you described i was shocked to see people actually trying in lp , prolonging the punishment . 
  naturally i just fed 0-25 as quickly as possible to get the game over with but people were getting fucking mad at me and even abandoning the game despite me explaining that lp is nothing but a punishment and if you join me in feeding the game we 'll all get back to real queue as soon as possible . 
  only 1 people joined me while like 8 people said they reported me in the span of 2 lp games . 
  i was kinda surprised to be honest . 
  now with this change i 'll just have to make sure i never get into lp again . 
  luckily it seems impossible without abandoning . 
  vsync did n't do anything but switching to borderless fullscreen seems to have fixed it . 
  now i 'm just stuck trying to figure out how to get the black bars back as i have a 16:10 monitor and the game only supports 1920x1200 in full screen . 
  if i play windowed it only goes up to 1080p . 
  try using the dsfix borderless window setting . 
  fixed it for me . 
  knowing the term for it is different from encountering it or letting it influence your behaviour though . 
  it 's a black guy singing it and he obviously thought it was ok to release it so why the fuck would you feel white guilt for listening to it ? 
  especially if you think the `` censored '' version is totally fine . 
  the the term nigga in the context of the song is totally exchangeable with `` person '' . 
  it has absolutely zero racial connotation . 
   saying fuck the feelings of others just like you, 
  if you get your feelings hurt by someone using a certain word that 's on you . 
  especially if it 's not used as a slur but in the context of historical/cultural reference . 
   do n't really need to, 
  there are lots of things you `` do n't really need to '' on a computer but are nice to have . 
  ram is practically free at this point , i see no reason trying to get by with the minimum required . 
  well it was n't a very funny joke then . 
  absolutely terrible good job, 
   my reaction to this was `` what the fuck, 
   same here, 
   not wtf at all, 
  make up your mind, 
  donald trump has never filed for personal bankruptcy, 
  the best anything you ever saw was male . 
  cooking , sports , art , business , science . 
  the most successful people of any field are men . 
  it 's not misogyny to admit it . 
  but i am, 
   cooking, 
  how many female head chefs do you see on that list ? 
  i 'm not a 100 % on the japanese names but out of the 106 restaurants i see 6 female head chefs , half of those being co-chefs with their husbands . 
   art, 
  of the 16 music artists that have sold over 250 million 15 are men, 
  on a list of almost 100 paintings not a single female painter, 
  19 men and 1 woman in top 20, 
   sports,
