   when an emp is up and you ca n't even see the score, 
  you can if you press select, 
   i consider myself good, 
   i use hardline, 
   i write it as i say it, 
  europeans write it as they say it as well . 
  in my language you 'd say 25th of may , 1994 . 
  wait you can say that in english too , ca n't you ? 
  actually five-seven is a really good gun in hc . 
  i get about as many reapers and ac-130s in hc using a pistol only ( mp-412 or five-seven ) as i do in core using all the guns . 
  that low support set-up with constant ballistic vests is genius though . 
  since there is no health regeneration . 
   no one hides right next to their radar, 
  you are seriously overestimating public players . 
   i can not believe that people can use sounds to find where others are . 
  usings sounds to determine enemies locations has always been fps 101 . 
  they tried to nerf it in mw3 by not allowing us to disable music but foot steps are still the most important thing in cod . 
  have you ever seen a pro player play without headphones ? 
  or anyone even attempting to play counter-strike without headphones ? 
  exactly . 
  i use predator-reaper-ac130 . 
  i do n't really need uav 's since my playstyle greatly relies on soundwhoring . 
  even then the uav is so common that most of the time one of my teammates has one . 
  in an average game i get at least one reaper , usually an ac as well and often two of either . 
  using low killstreak setups is just frustrating because i usually get a 10 + streak anyway with nothing to show for it . 
  yeah . 
  i have n't even tried mw3 without them except one time when i picked up the controller after playing fifa and just started mw3 without thinking . 
  i use the d-pad for menus so once i joined a game it took me 10 seconds of `` what the fuck is wrong with my controller '' until i realized it . 
   i got them about a year ago , and im on my 3rd pair , these delta ones seem a bit more well made . 
  i bought the ` prestige ' ones ( they do n't seem to sell them anymore ) exactly a year ago . 
  they 've seen around 200 hours of battlefield and 300 hours of cod 's along with some other shooters . 
  around 600 total i guess . 
  still in perfect shape . 
  for me console aiming is like 50 % strafing so i find it essential to use them in both when playing fps 's . 
  in fast paced 3rd person shooters i only use the right stick . 
  they lenghten the joysticks thus extending the `` range of motion '' . 
  meaning more accurate aiming and possibly increased sensitivity without sacrificing accuracy . 
  this is really bad but the best pc comparison i could come up with is getting a bigger mouse pad so you can decrease the sensitivity ( more accurate at distance ) but still turn quickly because you have more space to maneuver in . 
  no the increased lenght of the joystick extends the range of motion thus making you either more accurate or able to turn up the sensitivity without losing long range accuracy . 
  it 's simple science . 
  i have n't seen many people use radar in hc either . 
  and i always use sitrep pro so i 'm usually quite aware of the enemies equipment . 
  i do n't know . 
  there 's a reason those porn tube sights that are actually affiliated with porn sites ( like beeg.com ) never put any names in the titles/descriptions . 
  having your name impossible to google forces some ( more impatient ) people to just buy it . 
  i.e why i rented the dvd for the movie xxx, 
  yeah . 
  but when you think about it it 's practically the only equipment worsened by hc . 
  yes the start map works but it 's not like a real minimap . 
  a trophy system still works just like it does in core ( and it 's actually much more useful since nades are extremely lethal ) . 
  yeah they make a crucial difference . 
  i always used to play on pc . 
  i only really started playing console shooters with the xbox360 . 
  for some reason at first i did n't realize i could use headphones even though i always played with headphones on pc . 
  i was average . 
  i got some good kill streaks every now and then but usually not too many . 
  k/d around 1 . 
  then i tried using headphones . 
  boom . 
  suddenly i was in the top 3 in almost every public game . 
  of course i kept getting a better player otherwise as well but even my aiming started improving faster after getting headphones because i 'd be more in control of the situations and just simply got more efficent practice . 
  if you keep getting killed from behind you 're not going to learn much . 
  sitrep pro is by far the best perk in the game . 
  try running specialist and combining it with dead silence ( and assassin ) . 
  you 'll move without a sound and hear enemies a mile away . 
  you can even hear other players with dead silence but they ca n't hear you . 
  it 's awesome . 
  although i do n't use it myself dvorak actually makes a lot more sense than qwerty which was developed intentionally slow so that typewriters would n't get jammed . 
  also so that salesmen could type ` typewriter ' using only the top row ( mind blown amirite ? 
  buy a pack of papers , a pack of loose tobacco and some filters . 
  roll as long as the supplies last . 
  if you still have n't mastered it just get a new pack of papers and reuse the tobacco . 
  i do n't smoke tobacco but these supplies are like $ 5 total and the rolling is basically the same . 
  even if you end up throwing them in the trash it 's a skill worth $ 5 . 
  i was scared to practice with weed in case i fucked it up and wasted precious ganja . 
  the part where you just roll it back and forth getting the whole thing even is the most crucial . 
  do n't rush it . 
  rolling by hand vs machine is like fast-food vs home made burger . 
  fast-food is guaranteed okay . 
  it 's always the same , does n't fail but you do n't get beauties either . 
  and ca n't really experiement with different sizes . 
  home ( hand ) made can be horrible or even unedible if you 're a terrible cook but once you master the skill they beat a machine produced hands down and allow for a much greater variety . 
  yeah i probably got the metaphores mixed up and did n't make much sense but i hope you get the point . 
  party pooper . 
  definitely no pun intended & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  [ ] ( / high6 ), 
  [ ] ( / high6 ) remove all spaces . 
  i use recon pro a lot but i just pair it with impact and rape my enemies through walls :d, 
  it 's like ninja pro on steroids . 
  ninja pro doubled or tripled ( depending on source ) enemy footsteps as well as call-outs and other sounds . 
  with sitrep pro all enemy sounds are quadrupled but ( and this is the biggest difference ) it also mutes your own teams footsteps , something ninja did n't do . 
  i do n't know if that sounds as crucial on paper but in game it makes a huge difference because no more do you have to check the mini-map if the footsteps you 're hearing are a friendly . 
  if you can hear it , it 's an enemy . 
  the main function of sitrep ( highlighting enemy equipment ) can he handy as well , not just in avoiding claymores and mines but it can also reveal enemy locations if they 're planting equipment ( shit appears in front of your eyes , there 's an enemy there ) . 
  and dead silence pro disables fall damage . 
  yeah . 
  the most used letters ( in english language ) were places as far away from each other as possible , thus also making it slower . 
  i put them in all my classes until i have sitrep pro , then replace them because they are n't all that useful really . 
  except when facing turrets . 
  with emp nades i usually get pro around lvl30-40 or so , not too bad .
