  but you really ca n't tell from a pic so i might just be imagining . 
  anyway looks ten times better than i used to get when starting out and i 'd still gladly pay 60 for that . 
  i do n't know how you classify love of your life but i just lost a girl i truly loved ( and still do ) and have n't been able to enjoy weed since then :(, 
  i never noticed this in the australian version . 
  different fake weed ? 
  or `` fake '' weed ? 
  one piece of advice for people reading this who have n't yet experienced with edibles . 
  whatever you do , do not smoke even if you think `` it did n't work '' . 
  because it will . 
  and smoking will just cover it up . 
  well i do n't claim to know the specifics but i too had heard of this like a year ago . 
  i think they replaced him in the newest hp movie because of that . 
  i wish that worked . 
  i just get flashbacks and `` flashback emotions '' and . . well you probably know . 
  dude , i 've smoked weed for a pretty long time and pretty goddamn much and i may not have any scientific mumbo jumbo copy pasta to give you but i know for a fact that eating brings you down . 
  as does showering and masturbating . 
  now it might be a physiological thing instead of a physical thing like with alcohol but it definitely works every time . 
   it is most likely psychological , which means it definitely does not work . 
  at all . 
  i never claimed it would lower the thc amounts in your blood or something , but `` highness '' is not something you can actually measure and if the food or shower triggers a psychological reaction that makes you feel less high then it works , it 's as simple as that . 
  you are so full of shit i 'm not even going to bother reading so please do n't respond, 
  i 've lived my entire life in a big european city except for a year which i studied in a small town in michigan . 
  i played football ( not soccer ) and the thing that astonished me from the beginning was that all the football players dated some other football players ' ex 's . 
  and everyone was cool about it . 
  maybe it was just because it 's a small town and a small school but holy fuck was it weird . 
  i could never imagine dating a friend 's ex and i do n't know what i 'd do if a friend tried to hit on my ex ( luckily all my friends know better ) . 
  i appreciate the effort man but i do n't even live in the u.s or have a congressman so i do n't think i 'll bother :p, 
  yeah that 's what i figured . 
  i mean i was dating our best wr 's sister who was also the starting rb 's ex ( and who knows what before i arrived ) . 
  but there was also a huge cultural difference in dating . 
  american kids seemed to always be dating someone . 
  where i live we sure got drunk and fooled around but dating was always serious and not something you did for a week and switched to a new one . 
  then again american dating was n't nearly as serious . 
  i mean i knew `` couples '' who were together but had n't even kissed . 
  i do n't mean to bash on anyone , i just find this interesting . 
  you think ea will somehow know how many people pirate the game ? 
  sure they can check the dl 's at something like tpb but seriously . . 
  i agree with the abstaining from buying part but how is my piracy going to enforce this sort of behaviour ? 
  pirated ea games do n't even require origin . 
  because you did n't use to need to contact customer support . 
  but now suddenly legal , purchased bf2 cd-keys do n't work any more because of origin . 
  what other option is there than to contact customer support ? 
  who tell you there 's nothing to do btw . 
  yes it is :d, 
  well not completely but if you 're smoking it 'll easily just blur in with the regular high and wo n't be such an individual experience . 
  now i 've never tasted professionally made edibles so i do n't know but i have eaten more than few home made cookies etc. 
  that have gotten me high on their own but that have kinda been ruined the times i 've also smoked . 
  well not ruined cause i 'm high either way but still i felt like i did n't get everything out of them because i toked . 
  oh ok well that clears it up then, 
  oooooh soldiers now i get it . 
  i was like `` your brother lives in afganistan ? 
  tough shit '', 
  probably just flipped horizontally for aesthetic reasons . 
  people like pictures where the subjects are on the left looking right . 
  what the fuck is this and why do i care ? 
  i do n't go to r/transphobiaproject nor do i visit r/againstmensrights or whatever it was that was causing all the commotion a few weeks back . 
  there will always be trolls , most of the time they get downvoted . 
  learn to live with it . 
  not true . 
  it 's an extinguisher . 
  iirc it was just extremely toxic which made it kinda hard to market . 
  well in all honesty if i did n't know for a fact the product exists i would had seriously thought this to be in reverse . 
   in reality the fire was throwing the bottle at the asian guy, 
  ok maybe i just whoosh 'd, 
   feel free to upvote , because , as always , self-posts do not contribute to karma, 
  this kind of remaks really make it hard for me to upvote . 
  do you really think i give a shit about the imaginary karma point number in your profile ? 
  i honestly could n't care less . 
  upvotes are much more about visibility and quality content than giving someone points . 
  i upvoted nevertheless because i 'm a nice guy but seeing shit like this just makes me cringe . 
  i have no clue what all these replies are about but i upvoted them all, 
  not sure if serious, 
  innocent until proven guilty . 
  all we can see is average looking people standing inside a bank doing bank things, 
  keep doing whatever you 're told . 
  nothing will change . 
  he probably asked for source because many people in this thread are making similiar claims but as facts ( with no source either ), 
  you clearly do n't understand how to american justice system works . 
  whoever has more money makes the rules . 
  even if said money actually belongs to someone else . 
  teachers like this completely ruined books for me . 
  i used to love reading before they started forcing this interpretation bullshit down our throats . 
  i 'm only now starting to recover . 
   for adults , this is a pretty simple cognitive gesture , but students often have an incredibly difficult time going from the literal to the symbolic, 
  no they do n't . 
  and `` seemingly pointless analyses '' will make them hate analysing text alltogether . 
  yeah and the actual subject of the picture is about 1/100th of the pic . 
  we do n't need to see your shower curtains 'n shit . 
  this is the worst example of `` how female redditors post a pic '' i 've seen so far, 
  the pic is 2048x1536 but the cast is entirely in an area about 100x100 . 
  and it 's not like it needs the shower curtains and the sink for context . 
  the thing is though , we are not all the same . 
  i 'm not for inequality or anything but science has proven we are in fact different in many ways . 
  actually very dank weed does n't burn as well on its on as it does with some tobacco mixed in . 
  i came to the comments looking to be outraged but now i realized it was just because my computer was running slow . 
  thanks op and v10state !, 
  i 'll do it for 30 $, 
  it burns okay , but nowhere near as good as it would with tobacco . 
  same applies to basically all weed that 's not just shake . 
  as someone who learned english as a third language , i think if you 're trying to learn english via efl comics you 're doing it wrong .
