  all fine as long as he 's dead, 
  yeah and not since their youngest child was born, 
  daym, 
  if it 's from this summer why does it look like a 2002 jpeg, 
  i thought it was a midget, 
  how 's the noise inside ? 
  i do n't mean the engine but unwanted stuff like wind etc. 
  does it get annoying on a highway compared to modern cars ? 
  if you do n't think every big company would easily fuck consumers over for extra income you 're being naive . 
   never forget that intel anticompetitively spent investor money to harm amd . 
  well it is their main competitor . 
  i get the whole `` competition is good for consumers '' thing and it 's undoubtedly true but you ca n't claim it 's intel 's responsibility to make sure amd does well . 
  the pc part business is one where it 's very difficult to actively increase the total consumption so naturally companies ' attention turns to increasing their market share . 
  businesses exist to make money . 
  you ca n't blame your business failing on customers opting for the alternative they perceive as superior . 
  especially when they have good reason to . 
  tbh he slightly resembles someone with down syndrome, 
  my new favourite youtube channel, 
  e. holy shit i knew he looked familiar . 
  that 's the gardening on salvia guy, 
  that 's $ 2800 a month after taxes . 
  even after rent you have like 2k a month to live off of . 
  sure it 's not a life of luxury but it 's far from eating noodles every day, 
  remember that only a tiny fraction of reddit reads comment sections, 
  oh there 's a new default sub ? 
  i thought the 4 million was one of those joke counters . 
  also the more south you go the faster the sun goes down . 
  you can start grillin in sunlight and suddenly it 's pitch black, 
  oh yeah makes sense i 'd never buy a warhammer game but seem to have that too, 
  e. actually it was the humble thq bundle on november 29 , 2012 . but it did have both coh 40k dow then too . 
  great post haha, 
  / r/space, 
  never seen that one before, 
  if the source 2 port of csgo is anything like dota ( which it in all likelihood will ) it wo n't make the game look any better . 
  it 's not supposed to either . 
  i can admit that breaking 120/2weeks in csgo alone was n't even a feat when i was playing actively . 
  i think i peaked at 135, 
  these days i hover around 80 for steam total but i 've played a lot of ps4 ( exclusives ) recently ... 
  i was browsing through his old youtube channel ( which i apparently had subscribed ) and he did endorse a flipadelphia app in one of the videos . 
  e. he played `` dude '' in [ s8e8 ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2502498/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_3 ), 
  stay comfy in the clouds pupper, 
  yeah and i love how despite paypal handling it as an automatically renewing payment the site actually cancels the subscription right before the time to renew comes up . 
  they would literally have to do nothing for the payments to keep coming but they actively stop them once the time you originally purchased is over . 
  victoria 2 was heavily simplified and streamlined compared to the original, 
   good one . 
  honestly this is probably the only one from american sports that would even register with him . 
  the guy in the coma is jesus aparicio from sevilla , spain . 
  to be honest golf is n't that big of a tv sport in europe in my experience . 
  it 's on maybe on like saturday mornings or after midnight on eurosport . 
  tiger woods 's personal life is reported like a major celebrity but his professional career gets very little media coverage . 
  til uefa cup is n't called uefa cup anymore, 
   he 's still a first line forward . 
  not in the nhl, 
  what do they actually do with coma patients in america if nobody is paying the bills ? 
  i ca n't imagine they just dump them on the sidewalk . 
  kim who ? 
  nokia had a [ phone ] ( http://archive.eurescom.eu/message/messagejun2006/images/dvb-h_mobiletv.jpg ) in 2004 that you could watch tv with . 
  like it literally came with a built-in dvb receiver . 
  it had a touch screen too iirc . 
  it 's a woman in an emergency situation . 
  what do you think happened ? 
  she was screaming and not doing anything to fix it . 
  the bass is n't really affected by earplugs but the bass is n't what 's causing loss of hearing . 
  yea but a coma patient is a little different since they can stay there for decades and require check-ups and a bed that could be used for a paying customer . 
  pitch black is a really underrated movie . 
  too bad the sequels missed everything that was good about it, 
  yeah but you can effortlessly carry a lot of stuff so it 's a pretty decent trade-off, 
  americans do tend to refer to themselves by their ethnicity even if the past 4 generations were born in the us, 
  well for one you do n't have to sit on your wallet like with jeans, 
  it 's not about having all pockets full all the time . 
  it 's about the availability of potential storage space . 
  if you buy something or if you smoke etc. 
  you never have to carry anything in your hands, 
  also / r/all just ranks posts purely based on their `` score '' . 
  your front page compensates for the sub size . 
  a post with 10 upvotes from a sub of 1000 people can be higher than a post with 2000 points from a default sub, 
  no it does n't . 
  the last real update before the fixed hitboxes ( which is a great update ) was the reworked bullet penetration . 
  that was almost a year ago . 
  adjusting clip size or equip animation is a balance patch , not a gameplay update . 
  csgo gets regular balance patches, 
  it 's funny how you just keep repeating this statement without providing any examples, 
  how little have you played if you do n't even know the maps ? 
  kids watch dota too because of bets . 
  but the effect of drops are real . 
  csgo goes down to like 3 $ during sales and plenty of people have multiple virtual machines or similiar setups to literally farm for drops with dozens of accounts . 
  on top of those hardcore botters it 's perfectly normal for casual viewers to have 2 browsers open or browser and in-game since basically every csgo player has a smurf . 
  yeah well it usually takes more than 50 hours to understand the appeal of the pro scene, 
  well they have added new weapons to csgo both before and after release but best examples of possible updates would probably be the ones they actually have done . 
  they entirely reworked the mechanics of bullet penetration . 
  in last update they fundamentally changed how the engine handles hitboxes to fix a very major issue that had plagued the game for years . 
  at one point they changed how the awp scope interacted with moving . 
  even new competetive maps ( very rare ) can be considered an update . 
  these are all good updates and well-received , it 's just that there are few of them and they are far between . 
  the game is 3 years old and up until last week you were practically invincible while jumping . 
  in some ama type thing it was confirmed that the csgo dev team was just 5 people . 
  during all this csgo gets 500k + players a day and valve releases new cosmetics and bullshit cash grab `` operations '' every 2 weeks . 
  people like the changes valve has done , they just want more of it and faster . 
  if you think there 's not a ton of things to fix in csgo you probably have n't been playing for very long . 
  it 's a good game but it has a shit ton of issues just like dota or any other competetive multiplayer game .
