  my lte works just fine . 
  7-1 is n't basic math ? 
  also i 'm pretty sure you are n't far from stupid . 
  yeah and that 's how i figured you are n't that far from stupid, 
  he has a right to not want to go , but he does n't have the right to bitch about it . 
  how the fuck can they export 268 billions usd worth early to hong kong , a country of 7 million people ? 
  osx firefox works smoothly, 
  hey do n't drag us into it . 
  it 's just the germans . 
  we have regular salty fake butter popcorn with optional seasoning like cheddar or jalapeno etc. 
  all i get is the start `` menu '' or whatever background image with the text `` paris 1863 '' and music playing . 
  ca n't do anything . 
  e. refresh helped, 
  really ? 
  i know in some countries it 's illegal for a businessowner to deny service without a proper reason ( like rude behaviour or intoxication or unavaibility of said service etc. ), 
   the last good president, 
  calling clinton a bad president on reddit ? 
  this is truly brave !, 
  it mostly comes up in regards to false advertising . 
  if you label an item with a price and it 's not an obvious human error you must sell it at that price . 
  that 's the law in finland at least . 
  finland has good consumer protection laws though . 
  a video that you can stop & start ? 
  what an innovation !, 
   1990 was the last good 90, 
  truth, 
  finland barely makes it !, 
  high five !, 
   weird distortion where the visor ends, 
  the full shield would make the distortion worse, 
  i do n't understand this logic . 
  would n't it be better not to have an edge of visor visible ? 
  this is a good point not sure why it was downvoted . 
  maybe because of the word bro but the point still stands . 
  it 's funny that their youtube video is the crucial piece of evidence that 'll land them in jail . 
  or at least in debt . 
  this should be on justiceporn ( if he wins ) . 
  lol is killing esports, 
  more like popular opinion bear, 
  no we are n't . 
  i know planet earth has an amazing system and balance that uses all pieces of the puzzle and you 've probably seen a documentary on bbc and figured this also means if one piece is removed the whole ecosystem will fall . 
  it does n't . 
  even if all the bees were about to go extinct ( which they are n't ) you still would n't even notice a difference . 
  something else would surely pollinate the flowers . 
  i say fuck bees , kill them all . 
  more like a decent game with a lot of promise, 
  yeah you can hardly see a building that 's 150m away . 
  really awesome . 
  the boss fights were absolutely amazing ? 
  selecting an ending by pressing a button meaning every choice you made in the game was absolutely meaningless is amazing ? 
  the amount of rooms and air ducts you could crawl only to find out there was actually no reason to do the exploring was amazing ? 
  like i said the game had potential and i really liked the sneaking around in missions part . 
  everything else in the game sucked though so the end result was far from absolutely amazing . 
  the only place i can imagine this actually happening is america . 
  yeah but the thing is that 's all true though . 
  am i just supposed to ignore the input of all my senses because some guy on the internet said it 's not proper to think that way ? 
   takes a minute to load, 
  loaded instantly . 
  silly americans with shitty internet connections . 
  yeah google fiber is indeed slowly bringing you into the 21st century . 
  you probably think google fiber is a revolutionary fast internet connection on a global scale ? 
  that 's so silly of you . 
  are n't universities like the only places aside from big businesses where one can get a decent internet connection in the us ? 
  well that would seriously suck . 
  i 'm glad i 've never had an internet connection that 's shared with other people . 
  i knew i should 've paid 40 $ for 32mb !, 
  most people would understand it thanks to aku ankka . 
  jalopeura is very much the kind of word you never hear anywhere except for aku ankka . 
  it 's also good to remember that in nhl 12 and the ones before that you could hit the regular switch player button to get out of controlling the goalie , in nhl 13 you have to press lb + a again . 
  i 've seen like 15 seconds of the disney channel tv show but never the movie . 
  it 's 100 % user voting based . 
  butthurt jelly people hate iphone , iphone lost on the first round . 
  against the asus fonepad no less . 
  i understand things like adoptions when you ca n't have your own children are n't exactly black and white situations but why would you want a `` crazy junkie 's '' kid ? 
  if they 're truly drug addicts like you said the possibility of them doing drugs while pregnant is pretty high and that 's never good for the baby . 
  i 've never had any issues like that after the first 5 recharging cycles . 
  i recharge it nightly and have never ran out of battery . 
  my only complaint about the phone/wp8 is how some apps make it crash . 
  it 's not a huge issue as i 've only had it happen like 3-5 times in the 4 months i 've owned the phone but still i 'd be glad if it never happened . 
  \\  letting a carrier 's selection affect your choice of phone, 
  how about you just go to an electronics store and buy the phone ? 
  well thanks for the honest and open answer but i still ca n't wrap my head around adopting a drug baby . 
  i mean you 're going to take care of it for 18 years and probably a long time after that and all that time you might have to deal with a possible handicap that you did n't even cause yourself . 
  while sometimes it 's unavoidable this is n't one of those situations . 
  that actually sounds better than it was . 
  while it 's true they had their first interracial prom it did n't replace the old prom but was in addition to it . 
  so they still have their all-white prom , but now they also have a secondary prom you can go to if you are n't white . 
  or , you know , watch it illegally, 
   trial version since release, 
  you know it 's been 987 days since launch ? 
  you could 've put aside 4 pennies a day and would 've afforded the game . 
  because you can still watch the vod like i 'm doing right now, 
  i 'm watching the vod of the stream on the background and have a question . 
  when doing 1v1 maps that are symmetrical like this do you do edit both halves of the map separately or do you just do one half and mirror it ? 
  is it difficult to make sure they 're identical ? 
  so where the hell is the finnish circlejerk !? 
  we built this ship !, 
   the police officer broke zero laws, 
  i do n't think the issue here is `` did the officer break any laws '' . 
  you know not all of us base our morals on laws .
