  they also cost like 4 times as much as the regular memory cards at the time so even if you happened to own a house full of sony devices you 'd still be pissed about it . 
  something about fan made items based on trademarked characters always looks off . 
  i do n't care if it 's a bong or a bumper sticker or wallpaper it just looks kinda cheesy . 
  the way that you capitalized the one makes you appear slightly crazy . 
  i 'm sure `` the most outlandish memes were exaggerating a little bit '' is comforting for the swedes to hear . 
  https://vimeo.com/157649978 this is a link to the video without the tumblr shit in between, 
   but she 's an actual one, 
  how cute, 
  there 's only one `` nintendo '' . 
  the others have their own names . 
  that 's cool and nice that you saw the effort but i was n't really taking a moral stand on whether it 's acceptable or not . 
  it 's just the `` almost ... but not quite '' look . 
  that 's a pretty tumblr thing to say . 
  lmao way to get your feelings hurt by an anonymous guy on the internet posting a neutral comment, 
  well i was n't . 
  i 'm not saying it 's shitty because it infringes copyright laws . 
  i 'm saying it 's shitty because it looks like the fake merchandise they sell to tourists in thailand . 
   implying genderfluid is a real thing, 
   implying all forms of transsexuality are n't just delusions caused by mental illness, 
  that 's not transphobic . 
  i 'm not afraid of trans people . 
  and i never called them liars . 
  mental illnesses are very real and can take over a person 's life . 
  i wish the best medical care to all of them so that they might one day enjoy their lives . 
   aside from gender dysphoria and possible depression brought upon them by said dysphoria and lack of acceptance as valid by people like you , so you ca n't just roll in and say ` you 're really a deluded man , go get therapy ', 
  those are pretty huge `` asides '' . 
  you 're asking me to put aside both depression and gender dysphoria aka . 
  gender identity disorder both of which are very serious issues and then evaluate a person 's mental state ? 
  those seem like pretty big difference makers and integral parts to someone 's mental state not to be skipped so lightly . 
   and we still have people going ` eh they 're just deluded , why bother ' . 
  i did n't say `` why bother '' . 
  i recognize it 's a big commitment . 
  i 'm saying `` do n't do it '' . 
  people have always suffered from all sorts of disorders and mental illnesses and while our medical understanding of the human mind is lackluster compared to physical trauma or infectious disease it has still been studied for a long time . 
  transsexuals are n't the first people not to feel welcome in their own skins . 
  not only cases of youthful rebellion and subcultres but serious examples like dissociative identity disorder . 
  we know we do n't have a perfect cure , but we still try to help them . 
  what would your first reaction be if you heard about a community project were a bunch healthy young adults gathered up some people suffering from did ( previously known as multiple personality disorder ) and started telling them that whatever their mind is telling them is the truth and dispite the physical limitations of their body and the expectations of the society they truly are multiple people trapped in this one body ? 
  to live their lives as multiple people talking inside one head and not be slowed down by those that tell them it 's not right ? 
  that sounds like a serious case of abuse explicitly targeting the weak . 
  but it 's exactly what this `` trans acceptance movement '' is doing . 
  these people need help and care , not `` encouragment '' . 
  it is not . 
  $ 900 will get you a decent gaming pc but the vive requires much more than a `` good '' pc . 
  you need to run games that require rendering twice for two individual 1080 x 1200 displays for the separete monitors inside the headset to get that 3d effect and any frame rate drops under 90 are simply unacceptable to avoid experiencing serious nausea . 
  with some educated component choices $ 900 will get you a pc that can run new video games at `` very high '' to nearly maxed out at 1080p . 
  it wo n't get you a pc ready for vr . 
  yeah and everyone who 's actually played a video game on a pc in the past 3 years knows that recommended configurations ar bullshit . 
  i have a pc comparable to that . 
  in fact i have a pc objectively better than that . 
  i ca n't max out some modern games at 1080p let alone achieve 90fps while rendering two separate viewpoints . 
  most of the games they presented at launch were the equivalents of mini games with a $ 30 prize tag . 
  that does n't mean it 's what vr will be limited to . 
  if i wanted to play vr games so badly i bought a new pc for it i would n't buy one that can barely run the shitty launch titles . 
  are you playing a joke on me ? 
  8gb of ram . 
  no ssd ? 
  free motherboard ? 
  you 're calling these powerful systems in the year 2016 ? 
  get out of here . 
  i have a 970 with i7-4790k and 16gb of ram and all games installed on an ssd . 
  i also just installed a fresh clean windows like a month ago with all the newest drivers and chipsets and whatever go on a pc while avoiding all sorts of bloatware and usual crap that slows pcs down . 
  my pc has basically steam , gog galaxy , foobar , google chrome and photoshop installed . 
  i ca n't steadily keep 60fps on newest games if i turn everything to ultra and max out the filters and such . 
  if i do something reasonable like 4x filters with no v-sync the benchmarks give me around 70-80 for the average but in real life it 's the minimum that counts and to assure no dips below 60 i often have to turn shit down from ultra to very high . 
  to quote the words of jeff gerstmann from giant bomb , a person who i know has repeadetly spent his own free time apart from his professional duties to play eve valkyrie because he finds it one of the best oculus launch titles `` it 's like a game that came out 10 years ago on the xbox arcade '' . 
  nobody would dare charge any money for eve valkyrie in the year 2016 if it was n't vr . 
  there are more in-depth browser games out there . 
  i 'm not going to call it ugly and i understand it 's a viable game to showcase vr technology to someone but it 's not what is actually considered `` a good game '' . 
  if vr is truly going to limit itself to titles like eve valkyrie we might as well give up right now . 
  the only hope for the technology is that they expand it to rival what consumers are used to from regular $ 60 aaa titles . 
  and if a pc being able to run this tiny arcade game/tech demo means it 's able to run all vr content that is ** bad news ** . 
  i know the 970 is the bottleneck , but that 's why i started with `` comparable '' . 
  your example build had a 970 too and none of the other parts were superior so it would struggle at least as hard . 
  well the comment i replied to which started this comment chain . 
  i do n't care who posted it . 
  that 's probably why they pay him 6 millions a year and not you, 
  if i was a totally unbiased nhl team gm i 'd definitely use my first pick on laine but to be honest i 'd much rather see him go to winnipeg than toronto . 
  no offense . 
  also i 'm 100 % matthews will be 1st pick simply because he 's north american . 
  his stock has n't really gone up in the past 12 months but that 's the way it always goes . 
   retweets 0 likes 1, 
  did you just link your own tweet ? 
  props to everyone who guessed it was a zeppelin, 
  you say that now, 
  horses will probably be the equivalent of quad bikes . 
  i can picture 2-3 shots to the animal and there 's a tumbling down animation that gets your screen dirty but does n't actually deal damage . 
   i thought sushi was manufactured, 
  this was your first mistake, 
  there 's a pretty comprehensive b/g pack of her on empo i requested a few months back and some kind soul filled . 
  20 videos or so . 
  i know about the industry . 
  i 'm just saying all sushi that was `` manufactured '' somewhere in a factory instead of a chef preparing it to your order is shit . 
  do you realize what a bottleneck means ? 
  in that setup and with modern games using as much gpu as they do the 970 is the limiting factor of performance . 
  switching to a more powerful processor or faster ram etc. 
  would not make a difference to fps , a 980 would . 
  my cpu is n't 7 years old . 
  you need an account to get in and if you do n't know what it is you probably do n't have an account . 
  looking away from your screen before the round is over is cocky .
