  i kept it on hard and had no big issues after that part . 
  e. the checkpoint was exactly [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66kszkf2c9w&amp;t=10m05s ) ( 10 min 5sec mark if you 're on mobile ) except i did n't have all that gear and hp . 
  i had 3 revolver bullets and ~ 1 bar of health so instead of the zombies slashing at me i just got the instadeath throat bite animation every time . 
  yeah it was good , though i found it a little disappointing with all the otherwise clever and realistic writing in the game that neither joel or ellie happened to consider that the fireflies would sacrifice her for the cure . 
  i mean i realize it was pretty obvious to everyone playing the game that in the last chapter they 'll threaten cut her up and i 'll have to fight the fireflies and that joel and ellie could n't just not go or else the story would n't make any sense ... 
  but it was even mentioned that the immunity thing was in her brain and still even the cynical joel who 's all about sacrifice for survival etc. 
  did n't see it coming . 
  the actual ending cutscenes and dialogue was good though . 
  other than that i really liked it . 
  most of the characters had pretty minor roles but they were still believable and the voice acting was excellent . 
  in typical naughty dog fashion the visuals were incredible as well . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of zombies but i 'm glad naughty dog improved the stealth from uncharted a lot since the sneaking sections were excellent . 
  i only fought 2 bloaters in the entire game despite them being pretty common towards the end . 
  and it was n't that mgs style of sneaking where you idle for 5 minutes trying to memorize patterns before starting to move either . 
  it felt fluid and satisfying . 
  i still do n't know why i collected those firefly pendants though . 
  actually glad you responded to my post too because it reminded me that naughty dog always puts extras into their games after you 've completed the story . 
  kinda hidden in the menus so i did n't notice them before but this is some sweet concept art . 
   but the ending to me is seen as joel realised he found his daughter again in ellie and he did n't want to give that up for anything it did n't matter if she was the cure ( or not ), 
  yeah i get that but i felt like it was already like this for him after she had taken care of him while dying . 
  at the start of the spring chapter there 's the giraffes etc. 
  they 're talking about stuff they 're going to do together after they 're done with this firefly thing . 
  that part felt kinda off to me , like they did n't even think of the possibility of fireflies cutting up her brain to get the cure . 
  but warframe is n't for the xbone . 
  pc will never struggle with too many hotkeys to bind . 
  yes but it was a stupid gimmick originally too . 
  tbh i 'm glad devs did n't force any features on it and just use it as another button . 
  if you go to settings and change it so that one tap of the share button is instant screenshot and long tap open ups the menu the button actually becomes useful . 
  how am i not surprised this guy considers himself a part of `` hacker space '', 
  also i do n't understand why there 's 2 of them for every team, 
  f u c k r i p s t e r, 
   intelligence hero , also known as a support, 
  * close video *, 
  they showed this video exclusively on the newbie stream during the last 3 days . 
  the newbie stream was the shit tbh . 
  she looks like a less classy emma glover, 
   she 's not just a redditor . 
  she 's a super smart and creative maker , which is infinitely more impressive . 
  i did n't know being a redditor was impressive . 
  also your message is cringeworthy as fuck . 
  she wo n't have sex with you . 
  [ because googling this picture takes 5 seconds ] ( http://webm.host/0626d/vid.webm ), 
  lol rtz 's mechanical skills are leagues above sumail, 
  did i say sumail was a bad player ? 
  also sumail did not win all his lanes in ti5 . 
  usually when one person out of five is not getting along with the others it 's safe to assume the problem is the other four kappa, 
  yes, 
  nah i think it 's totally understandable why he would like to make a distinction between `` i have an issue with kuro '' and `` the whole team had an issue with kuro '' . 
  especially since he 's already confirmed to leave the team so there 's no reason to keep up appearances . 
  calling out puppey specifically like that was unnecessary but it 's a live stream . 
  not a prepared speech . 
  when you speak alone for 10 hours it 's understandable to slip something less than ideal into the ramblings . 
  i love the crowd of white knights you have digging up your comment history . 
  before this comment star_boy was at -1 points and my comment was at 8 points after about 2 hours . 
  in literally 10 minutes after you responded they 've gone to +6 and -1 . 
   frustrated at why people ca n't be as straightforward as he is and make their intentions and feelings known to minimise disputes spiralling beyond control, 
  it 's because he 's a normal boy in a profession filled with people who suffer from a variety of issues with social interaction . 
  i 'm not hating on secret or dota2 , it 's the same with any esport . 
  i have n't seen a single post about kuro 's previous contributions before this comment . 
  literally everyone else is talking about him as a team member in the year 2015 , not his past accomplishments . 
  he prefaced with `` it was n't just me against kuro '' . 
  i think what he was trying to say was that the whole team had issues with kuro , even the one person everyone assumes to be best friends with him . 
  it just kinda came out weird specifically targetting puppey . 
  you mean when they remember that they entered an arena with sunglasses on ? 
  the treshold for cringe has really gone down here on reddit . 
  i 'm saying i did get a crowd of support for ` only losers are nice to each other on internet ' stance . 
  it naturally slowly climbed up to 8 upvotes within ~ 2 hours . 
  then you responded , people who stalk your profile saw the post and within 10 minutes the votes did a total 180 for me and that other guy . 
  that 's what i find funny . 
  the favourite to win the championship entered the arena wearing sunglasses how dare they . 
  chill the fuck out , it 's not like they acted disrespectfully or did n't shake hands or yelled how they 're # 1 or something . 
  they wore fucking sunglasses indoors and took them off when they got to the booth and the game started . 
  how butthurt do you have to be to get offended by that ? 
  yeah and i 'm sure they were acting from the kindness of their hearts towards that one guy and not because they want to fuck you . 
  i really think you 're overestimating the importance of wearing sunglasses indoors . 
  it was kinda funny , then they lost , the next game they did n't wear them . 
  that 's really all there is to it . 
  if there 's anything they 'll look back to and cringe i 'm sure as hell it wo n't be the sunglasses . 
  but they were the favourites and did great in group stages . 
  why not act like favourites ? 
  also what they did was wear sunglasses indoors for their entrance . 
  then take them off when the game started . 
  you have to have some deep hatred and fanboyism to think this is a huge deal they 'll live to regret . 
  it was a silly fucking joke they did to please their fans , that 's it . 
  no disrespect to their competition or the event . 
  they wore sunglasses as a part of their entrance , nothing more . 
  if anything they 'll regret missing the opportunity to win 6 million dollars . 
  i can guarantee you they 've probably forgotten all about the sunglasses . 
  they finished 7th , not 12th . 
  yeah but everyone on here comes to reddit by default and this shit gets reposted every week, 
  i still do n't understand how carding you helps anything . 
  i showed the cashier my id , therefore i now ca n't sniff this glue i just purchased . 
  it 's more akin to an opinion piece or a column . 
  it 's not a news story . 
  he 's not dead but the guy who voices willie also does homer , abe , krusty the clown and a bunch of other voices . 
  so many of the voice actors in the simpsons have such a wide range of roles that they 'd never be able to kill a character in case the actor dies . 
  harry shearer and hank azaria voice like 80 % of the town between the two . 
  til basic history lesson, 
   hindsight is 20/20, 
  you really do n't need hindsight to tell that this is an incredibly stupid idea even if you have a `` planned outcome '' .
