  slot machines are regulated to ensure fair odds but you can gamble whatever you want and wherever you want on the internet . 
  why do i have to feel `` entitled '' to enjoy getting free stuff ? 
  i like free stuff , i do n't care about the ethics , free stuff makes me happy . 
  i do n't like laws that threaten my ability to get free stuff . 
  it 's as simple as that , i do n't feel entitled or that it 's my civil right , i just like it . 
  oh so if it 's not illegal and simply regulated , could you point me to a sports betting website that is approved by whoever and legal in all states ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested , i always thought it was more of an outright ban . 
  we all know how misleading the + / - stat is . 
  when do teams get scored on the most ? 
  shorthanded . 
  who play while shorthanded ? 
  best defensive guys . 
  do all those minuses and barely any plusses ( shorthanded goals ) mean they 're bad players ? 
  good for you . 
  i just woke up at 6pm, 
  no i 'm not blaming pk purely for his numbers , i was just illustrating one extremely common occurance that makes relying on + / - ill-advised . 
  if you only play powerplay you will be on the ice more when your team scores even if you do n't do much . 
  no matter how good you are if you play on pk you will be on the ice more when your team gets scored on . 
  i 'd like to know what servers op plays on . 
  i play on the european servers and have a 100/10 mbit connection ( not shared , just for me ) and i have not had any problems with rubber banding since the first week when there were a few issues . 
  yeah i did n't watch much of calgary last year but i believe he played both pp/pk . 
  at least he used to . 
  nhl player who fucks tons of bitches and posts pics of them online, 
  pretty good list as well http://www.nhl.com/ice/news.htm?id=637078&amp;navid=dl | nhl | home, 
  of course it was n't . 
  and overall it was ridiculous that people were complaining when they could n't beat inferno 3 days after getting the game . 
  what 's the hurry ? 
  the whole point of inferno is/was to keep the game interesting for a long time . 
  people we 're using act3-4 hell gear and whining when they got killed by the first inferno pack . 
  though i do think the revamped drops were a good thing so that ah was n't the only possible option for good weapons . 
  if you can make a duplicate of anything i own without damaging the original i 'll gladly let you take it home with you . 
  experimentation implies some failure but it does n't mean the failure has to be permanent, 
  also known as [ black science guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y8dlj.jpg ), 
  not per capita though, 
  no but we were talking about piracy . 
  piracy does n't damage the original copy . 
  you know , i do n't think you understand how this works . 
  come here and take it if you want . 
  that 's how it 's done , i do n't send a private message to mgm asking for permission to pirate their movie before i do it . 
  haha i bet you 'd like my computer . 
  but it 's not like you would get it even if you tried because i have rights to defend my property and laws to back me up . 
  exactly the kind of laws i do n't want these companies to get . 
  it could be a problem with the us servers ( and the inevitable problem of distances ) because all i hear online ( reddit/blizz ) is rubber band this and rubber that but i have n't had any problems and neither have my i heard any complaints from my 20 or so friends who own the game . 
  i browse one finnish website with diablo discussion and it 's not a big topic there either . 
  yeah well i 'm not so your point is irrelevant, 
  i would n't say us only but probably more of an issue on the u.s servers . 
  it does happen on eu as well but it 's just so rare that it 's not really an issue . 
  i 've played like 4-5 hours today and i rubber banded once and even that was only about less than a second . 
  first time i ripped a bong i did n't do it perfectly but still good enough and without reading or watching anything . 
  it was pretty self explanatory . 
  maybe you should just learn to play or get better gear . 
  my monk does just fine in inferno act1 or 2 . 
  3 gets a bit difficult alone but i 've only played for about 120 hours ( and have n't bought items with real money ) so there 's still much room for improvement in my gear . 
  well there 's obviously something wrong on your end if you ca n't survive inferno act1 even after blizzard nerfed it . 
  like i said i have only played a little over 100 hours and do just fine . 
  so the only way to `` do just fine '' in a videogame is to have beaten it ? 
  it 's a journey . 
  i make solid progress , constantly improving my gear and chances of eventually surviving ghom . 
  therefore i 'm doing just fine . 
  i do n't need everything right away or else i complain . 
  who says i ca n't complete it ? 
  i just have n't completed it yet . 
  big difference . 
  i 've only played for 120 hours like i said . 
  you think game must be beated in less than that or there 's something wrong with it ? 
  i have n't completed skyrim either , i do n't consider there to be a problem or the game to be broken . 
  \\  taking downvotes seriously, 
  were you surprised a diablo game contained grinding ? 
  are you not aware grinding and farming is the entire point of the dungeon crawler genre ? 
  diablo is not a game you should be able to beat just by progressing forward , you 're supposed to grind and just because you have to does n't mean the game is broken . 
  touchscreen suck for anything except for looking at pictures or browsing the web . 
  try to post something though and you wish you had that qwerty . 
  yeah check any forum for any video game ever . 
  99 % of it is qq . 
  does n't mean jack shit about the actual game . 
  no i 'm saying 99 % of all input on blizzard forums and the like is negligible . 
  people who are actually good at the game do n't even go there ( other than to read blue posts ) because it 's well known how noob infested and full of whine they are . 
  you 're more likely to find proper discussion on a site which is not fully dedicated to a certain game and therefore not what people find when they google for a place to complain . 
  you think they 'd strip the captains number for some hotshot goal scorer from new jersey ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  nj fans sound wonderful, 
  that 's the reason hockey players do n't bother fixing their teeth . 
  might as well wait until retirement and get a whole set of new teeth at once . 
  i 'm a fan of any team that has koivu and granlund on their roster, 
  well 7,9,10 were all taken so i guess it was either 8 or 11 . 
  i do n't know why but a lot of times people switch between 9 and 11 for national teams for example . 
  i guess there is some history for the numbers i 'm not really an expert . 
  yeah well i do n't trust the uk regulators that much more to be honest . 
  inb4 i think girls pooping is super cute . 
  what ? 
  there 's no cp anymore ? 
  gosh darnit . 
  beastiality is legal where i live ( finland ) . 
  the logic is any sort of abuse or mistreatment of animals is already illegal , so if no harm is happening to the animal why should a simple sexual act be illegal ? 
  hurting the animal is already illegal whether or not it 's sexual . 
   so , basically you want rights that others do n't have ? 
  yes, 
  funny thing is you do n't . 
  but i 'll just be nice and post it right here kelohongantie 8 b, 
  yeah good luck getting access to those nukes my friend,
