  nerf track and bring back aoe gold for killer, 
  same way i did the all-hero challenge as a noob . 
  keep trying until your team wins 4v5, 
  stop obsessing over a single game, 
  unless you repeadetly get stomped by a certain strategy it 's no use to start over analyzing every loss, 
  are you mentally handicapped ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  it 's totally used in finland . 
  `` mutsis on '' etc. 
  there is no blue port . 
  i tried putting the speaker output to mic in and record but that did n't do anything . 
  it 's in nhl 15 and fifa 15 at least, 
  til 2k still exists, 
   nobody was within the global gold aoe, 
  what exactly were you thinking when you typed this ? 
  also they did get the 119 . 
  the kill feed now correctly shows the gold amount including the actual amount of aoe gold received . 
  i think he published like 7 new comics to promote his new book or something . 
  he has n't been updating even semi regularly for years . 
   milf meg pics have a short half life on the internet, 
  yeah that 's why you can google her and the results are nothing but her nude pics . 
  is this like that imaginary war people are fighting over at / r/kateeowen while every single video she 's every published is a 10 second google search away ? 
  yes, 
  i absolutely love this new school honest dota drama . 
  i also love how it exposes all these wallflower wimps on this sub who complain when anyone says anything that is n't vanilla small talk and ass kissing . 
  yeah apparently they only make nba anymore . 
  which makes sense because i have n't seen an nba game since nintendo 64 . 
  over here it 's just fifa and nhl and the occasional madden . 
  this sub seems really obsessed over a pair of sunglasses . 
  yea just this morning i jerked off to the latest shad post and now there 's a new one ? 
  yeah i ca n't really imagine pissing off anybody finnish with a non-personal insult ( i do n't consider your mom jokes `` personal '' unless they 're based in real life ), 
  how dare they have confidence and aim to please their fans with a silly little stunt that did n't affect their performance or disrespect anyone . 
  [ legalporno ] goldie - goldie airtight anal dp with 3 massive black cocks rs100 ; 2015-08-06 [ 720p ], 
   they should get into trouble for basically helping the terrorists on live tv, 
  yeah but it 's a slippery slope . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'm not condoning what they did , but laws about filming police in action are always a scary proposition . 
  barbers hang out with other barbers ? 
  you mean work together ? 
  are you a young semi-attractive female ? 
  there 's your problem, 
  except this is one of the few pics where she looks `` curvy '' . 
  usually she looks like a flat board with four balloons taped onto it . 
  i do n't hate fake breasts but imo curvy is smooth curves , not just [ random lumps ] ( https://instagram.com/p/5vznamlrwn/ ) . 
  yeah i did n't get mine for it anyway but i 've liked it . 
  no problems of any kind with the connection and the relatively lightweight driver/application thing that can be used to block outcoming connections with 2 clicks is great, 
  how the fuck does this event have 500k viewers and no soundproof booths ? 
  i have a friend with 60 accounts running on virtual machines for drops since the first tournament that did that lol ( i think dh 2013 ), 
  he 's a bit of an oddity though but even regular friends have 2-3 accounts on twitch and in-game . 
  yeah and he probably was n't even ordered to be, 
  well not saying the guy is n't a dick but honestly typing `` seal surprise '' into google video search takes a lot less time than asking for source and waiting for someone to deliver . 
  / r/blackpeopletwitter has for a long time been / r/me _ irl with captions . 
  also this picture was posted with a lot better caption to / r/blackpeopletwitter like 6 months ago . 
  it 's actually, 
  gape lovers # 05 , scene # 04, 
  updated : 2010-05-09 |, 
  length : 00:33:27 |, 
  categories hardcore , natural tits , anal , deep throat , facial , threesome, 
  from evil angels, 
  [ citation needed ], 
  all these headphone holders seem to take up just as much space if not more . 
  these days most games you buy `` physically '' come with just a download code . 
  also if you live in a place where it takes less time to aqcuire discs than it takes to download a game i recommend you move somewhere with 1st world internet . 
  the problem is n't and has never been feminists . 
  it 's people who call themselves feminists . 
  that 's not a `` no true scotsman '' fallacy . 
  feminists and the feminist ideology is not harmful to mra . 
  female chauvinists who 've adopted the term `` feminism '' are . 
  these people do n't even know the main beliefs of feminism despite using the name . 
  they are not feminists . 
  that 's why it 's not a `` no true scotsman '' fallacy . 
   which would still be feminists, 
  except they are n't . 
  actual feminism is very far from the beliefs of these `` modern radicals '' . 
  calling them feminists is what they want you to do since they want to be associated with a legitimate movement . 
  but these radical female chauvinists are n't feminists in the first place . 
  they 're just piggybacking on the name of a legitimate ideology to defend their own arguments which are unrelated or even in direct disagreement with feminism . 
  that 's why it 's not a `` no true scotsman '' because these people are n't even regular scotsmen to begin with . 
  cool story bro . 
  people like you are why mra is n't taken seriously . 
  you 're only hurting the cause with your edgy comments . 
  nobody said the company came up with the term . 
  he said the term comes from the toy guns which it does . 
  you did n't correct anyone . 
  does n't even make a difference . 
  mainstream media is still what governs the public 's opinion on matters . 
  mainstream media is controlled by middle aged to old people . 
  when middle aged to old people hear the word feminism they do n't think of tumblr whales . 
  they think of stuff like women 's suffrage or the workplace pre 1970s when women were either secretaries or housewives . 
  it does n't matter how right you are about history of feminism showing it 's true colours , spouting such opinions in the name of men 's rights and labeling mra `` anti-feminist '' will only hurt the cause and the ideologies we fight for . 
   you 're a feminist both by deeds and the fact you identify as one , as we identity as mras . 
  but the ideologies are against the beliefs of feminism . 
  i could ask for the enslavement of all females and identify as `` mra '' but that would n't make them mra ideas or mean that the mra movement supports slavery . 
  membership ? 
  where do i sign up to become an official member of feminism ? 
  well i agree that the female supremacy movement is corrupting feminism but just letting them have it and use the name without question is giving them exactly what they want . 
  grouping the female supremacy movement together with feminists means they 've won . 
   further elaboration : nerf comes from the toy guns because they 're obviously weaker than the real deal . 
  where is the company mentioned in the post you responded to ? 
  it is n't . 
  stop trying so hard .
