  the best possible solution would probably be to introduce a new type of door material that handles in post-update game as close as possible to the way those wooden dors did pre-update . 
  the way they tried to make the game handle penetration more consistently after a year of community whining about that exact issue was commendable . 
  the way they `` fixed '' d2 after the update with metal doors was lazy . 
  awp should be able to penetrate more than an m4 for example , imo . 
  cs is not about realism but awp having higher penetration is not only realistic but a gameplay mechanic . 
  i do n't think you understand . 
  you said, 
   and if the `` entire t team '' would sit in spawn and spam , just take your time going to b ? 
  to which i responded by pointing out that you can not know ahead of time whether your opponent is sitting in spawn sniping the doors or if they 're rushing b. 
  if you `` take your time '' and they 're not sniping the doors that round you give up the bombsite . 
  if the human body in any natural state makes you feel awkward then maybe you should reconsider being a nudist . 
  or a `` naturist '' as they call themselves . 
   i still think smoking mid and crossing high up works decently well, 
  it does now . 
  he was talking about the old doors post-update when guns did basically 90 % of their full damage through the doors . 
  the whole discussion was about the old doors post-update when it was way too easy to kill someone through the wooden doors . 
  i.minus works just fine . 
  the reason you think it 's slow is because it 's only used for large files imgur does n't accept . 
  so the only times you see an i.minus link is when it 's a very large file and thus slower to download . 
  the problem is your connection or the poor optimization of the gif , not i.minus . 
  can you make out and translate what [ this one ] ( http://38.media.tumblr.com/16cf464620f69e0a201d58754a190ea8/tumblr_n2morkcxos1s8qw07o1_1280.jpg ) says about finland ? 
  thanks !, 
  if it 's not too much bother what do the other texts say ? 
  it 'd be interesting to hear what a german who considers finland `` a paradise '' has to say about other places . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  if you 're even aware of it you 're probably doing it right . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  maybe it 's a location thing but where i live weed is so fucking expensive everyone knows how to corner . 
  it 's like weed smoking 101 . 
  a lot of it comes with experience , the rest is just a difference in personality . 
  it 's the same with people who smoke for the first time . 
  those who are constantly asking `` is it working ? '', 
  or `` am i high now '' etc. 
  usually have a stressful experience or even a scary one and might never smoke again . 
  others just `` let it happen '' and often enjoy it much more . 
  pretty much the same with most drugs . 
  same applies to people who 've smoked a bunch but get `` way too high '' for the first time . 
  some people freak out and start worrying which only makes their trip worse . 
  others just sit there with a smile on their face without a clue what 's going on . 
  the people who get anxious are usually left with a negative impression and will avoid getting too high in the future . 
  i 'm not saying anyone 's `` doing it wrong '' and i understand that due to differences in brain chemistry and personalities etc. 
  it 's not as easy as `` stop worrying lol '' but i 've simply spent quite a lot of time observing people less experience than myself getting high and just wanted to share my thoughts . 
  it 's not about `` anonymity '' or the cops figuring out her id from a pic online and knocking down her door because that 's exactly how they spend their resources . 
  it 's about respect . 
  a few years back my friend 's brother came home from work ( he does n't work drunk ) right when we were about to smoke a blunt . 
  he 'd never seen one and wanted to fit in so he smoked it with us . 
  at the time we had terribly high tolerances , just had a harvest and we did n't smoke blunts too often either so we wanted to fill it up properly using maybe 3-4 grams of excellent quality weed . 
  for the next three or so hours he spent halfway into the bathroom with his bottom half in the hallway so that he could puke in the toilet without the confined space of a small bathroom . 
  we brought him a bottle of orange soda and checked on him every 20 minutes or so . 
  he survived . 
  i like the subject but a reactiongif is n't made better by how many hard to read fonts are used in it . 
  despite this being an all-star show and the goalie not trying i 'm not sure he would had had time to change direction by the time he notices the puck . 
  that being said he probably would 've played more actively had it been a real situation . 
  about 50 people ? 
  i do n't know about you but i 'm not exactly running out of room on the lower parts of my walls . 
  i 'd probably have room for ten thousand extra outlets if i felt like i needed them . 
  same here . 
  psn works great but fifa doesnt, 
  seeing as how it 's an issue that affects people and not the soil measuring in population seems more logical than land area . 
  this is how i knew something was n't right . 
  no way you 'd get 4 years jailtime for manslaughter/murder/whatever this would be in the states . 
   if crimes like this were punished more harshly , people would n't be so quick to fight . 
  well that 's simply not true . 
  drunk people will always fight . 
  not taking a stand on whether or not 4 years is enough , just that this logic of `` deterrent '' to people fighting definitely wo n't work . 
  especially when the man in question was n't trying to kill anyone . 
  you do n't stop and think about the past prison sentences for manslaughter when you 're not planning on killing the person you 're pissed off at . 
  it 's the internet . 
  we care more about the practical application than the technical naming conventions . 
  you just undid what 50 comments above you tried to explain . 
  he 's talking about `` losing games '' as in hurting yourself . 
  not speculating on whether it 's possible to win the super bowl with losses on your record . 
  was there any sort of penalty for the punch ? 
  i did n't watch the game . 
  til earth is beautiful, 
  i 've had this post saved for years and seen it reposted dozens of times . 
  i check the comments every time and never is there a name , a source or any additional pics . 
  but i wo n't accept defeat !, 
  ok so now i have it for free on my x360 ( gwg about six months ago ) , pc ( humble bundle or gog offer ) and ps4 ( psn + ) . 
  maybe i should finally play it . 
  does n't `` being super easy '' kind of ruin the point of a platinum ? 
  i always see these `` achievement hunter '' posts and i never understand the appeal but the most common defense seems to be `` it 's fun to challenge yourself '' . 
  then i scroll a few comments down and it 's all about `` what 's the easiest platinum '' or `` this game sucks because the achievements take too long to get '' . 
   if they 're going to have multiplayer ones they should make them fun or simple ( not necessarily easy ) to get . 
  why ? 
  should n't achievements be designed to reward , you know , achievements ? 
  something like reaching max level in an online multiplayer sounds like * an achievement * to me as far as videogames go . 
  it takes a lot of effort so you get a cool trophy to show to your friends , makes sense to me . 
  this whole idea of designing gameplay to cater to achievements or designing achievements with `` achievement hunters '' in mind seems so backwards . 
  i 'd much rather have achievements that acknowledge something that required a lot of work instead of these `` complete the tutorial '' or `` kill 25 enemies '' achievements that you get for simply playing the campaign . 
  finishing mission 1 on any difficulty is not an achievement . 
  having a fun and rare achievement that may become impossible to get in the future seems a lot better than not having that fun and rare achievement available for anyone because some player might play the game years later and god forbid not everyone gets every achievement possible . 
  ctrl + f 'd to find the ill manors reference and after being disappointed i was n't even witty enough to come up with one myself, 
  yeah the wealthy old families often have tombstones the size of fridges while babies and poor folk etc. 
  are hardly the size of a hardcover book . 
  i think it 's the arms . 
  her arms are extended almost straight where as carlton 's bend at the elbows and make the whole pendulum motion look much more smooth and relaxed compared to her looking like a robot . 
  mostly it 's just experience though . 
   also many old people do n't know even english .
