  i know you ca n't ban the use of electronics all together since every band mixes their output , no matter how live they play . 
  nobody would call a metal band phony for using electric guitars . 
  so what exactly is live ? 
  my opinion is if the show requires constant input from the performers , it 's live . 
  if they could just drop whatever they 're doing and the show would go on , it 's not live . 
  a vast majority of the big name edm artists definitely do play their stuff live , even if their instruments are the turntables and the mixers and knobs and faders instead of strings and horns . 
  of course if you visit your local night club you might very well run into a guy pressing `` play '' and occasionally adjusting the volume on his macbook . 
  that i would not call live as you could n't tell the difference if the computer was just playing the playlist alone . 
  if david guetta truly does play a premixed set that 's a shame , but do n't assume all edm artists are the same . 
  i actually did google cirrus before typing all that out . 
  that 's how i knew the results were a bunch of pictures of clouds and the website showcasing the tallest residental building in finland . 
  among the top results are also cirrus aircraft , adobe cirrus , cirrus `` rtmfp for developing real-time collaboration applications '' , mastercard cirrus and a bunch of other sites talking about clouds . 
  you do realize google personalizes everyone 's results ? 
  i 'd just be easier if you posted a link of what you were talking about . 
  i listened to that daft punk video and while it is impressive they played as well as they did , i do n't think it 's even close to the quality of their usual performances . 
  i understand small mistakes are part of the charm of a live show and i personally would enjoy seeing them perform like this i would n't be surprised if most fans were disappointed they sounded `` worse than they were supposed to '' or simply `` different '' from what they 're used to . 
  you mean like dangling it from its legs or keeping the baby safely in your arms and just extending your arms across the railing ? 
  because if it 's the latter i honestly do n't think it 's * that * bad . 
  people probably take bigger risks every day in morning traffic merging lanes while your baby 's on board . 
  maybe he just used it as an excuse to go fishing . 
  or camping and birdwatching . 
  yeah i live on the other side of the world , not even a part of nato and i 've known what a purple heart is since i was a kid . 
  have you never seen a war movie ? 
  or a movie with characters who are veterans ? 
  or read a history book ? 
  or played a damn videogame ? 
  both the battlefield series and the call of duty series feature the purple heart . 
  as did brothers in arms , medal of honor and i think company of heroes as well ( the last one is the only one i 'm not a 100 % sure on ) . 
  i 'm from finland , not an island , not really tiny , not very american in spirit . 
  i do n't personally know anyone who has bought a nextgen console yet due to lack of games but yours is actually the first positive comment i 've read online about the game , 99 % of it is negative . 
  are you sure you 're not just justifying purchasing it on launch to yourself ? 
  every game since pong has had ridiculously over hyped marketing . 
  it 's not that people think it 's ok , but you should n't be surprised anymore when a game is n't like the trailers . 
  it 's like if you go to mcd and act surprised the hamburger does n't resemble the one in the ad . 
  everyone should 've learnt by now they never do . 
  probably bought the game because there 's nothing else to play on a nextgen console and you 'd rather play a mediocre game than have a $ 400 paperweight . 
  it was at least in waw , which is cod 5 . 
  might have been mentioned in others as dialogue , but in that game it was a trophy . 
  in battlefield 2 it was n't a campaign thing ( bf2 did n't have a campaign ) , you could get the purple heart every game you played if you died enough . 
  that 's a really small space for your mouse . 
  i 'd be able to turn like 20 degrees with my sensitivity . 
  i have n't played it so i do n't have an opinion . 
  all i can say is the gameplay i 've seen on streams looks a lot different than the trailers / `` gameplay '' released by the publisher but that 's to be expected . 
  all i know is that out of the comments i 've read online a vast majority has been extremely negative . 
  except in this sub , where it does n't feel like a far stretch for people to want to convince themselves there are good games out for the next-gen consoles . 
  this sub has been known to sugarcoat thruths to make the ps4 seem better than it is . 
  you mean a low lvl build with quality gear ? 
  i admit i do this , though i ca n't even keep track of the times it 's just disappeared after the a week or two . 
  i went to a dentist a few years ago and he told me to come back to fill some other `` potential holes '' , i have n't gone back and have n't had any teethache since then . 
  yeah i 'm not subscribed to / r/xbone but i can imagine it 's the same thing . 
  it 's so early in the generation these nextgen titles are almost like exclusives with the older consoles . 
  i 'm subscribed to / r/xbox360 and they never let you say a negative word about an xbox exclusive . 
  it 's the same with any brand affiliated subreddit really . 
  apple subreddits try to make iphone/osx updates seem better than they are , probably the same with droid subreddits , i 'm subscribed to / r/windowsphone myself as i own one and they never say a bad word about anything wp related . 
  it gets kinda annoying really when all you want is a honest answer , not a sales pitch . 
  close enough, 
  an exaggeration of the truth , just like any pre-release footage you 're shown for a game . 
  i 've always been bad at hints and clues, 
  yea but you can only surrender once one player has abandoned , it does n't work after just a disconnect . 
  so now you need to sacrifice one player to cooldown if you want to quit a match with a blatant cheater . 
  i would mind taking a 20 minute forced cooldown because the matchmaking paired me up with a clear cheater . 
  i 'm not talking wallhack on one opponent , i 'm talking negev-spamming 360yolo 100 kills in warmup cheating . 
  since when has fog made anything look better ? 
  comparing fog to textures or shadows and shaders is absolutely retarded . 
  yeah and this one has way bigger problems than the previous one . 
  at least with that one you did n't have to play with cheaters , you 'd take quick losses which maybe affect your rank but i care a lot more about my gameplay experience than my rank . 
  why would you vote for sdp ? 
  they 're all communists . 
  why would you vote for the green party , they 're all dirty hippies disconnected from reality . 
  why would you vote for kd , they 're all religious nutjobs . 
  and so on . 
  i hope it 'll be better than the nip show . 
  seeing living conditions was nice , but they completely ignored audience for the show . 
  i understand why they would n't show full matches or even full rounds on a reality show but the way they completely ignored the game was ridiculous . 
  they used multiple episodes building up for a big tournament , introduced the opponents , the venue etc. 
  then the episode where they 're in the tournament only had 2 or 3 clips from the game ** all less than 1 second ** . 
  you 'd see a muzzle flash and they 'd cut back to audience and then you listen to them talk about how great that performance was . 
  it 's a show about professional gamers , you could at least have highlights of their performances . 
  reality shows about real sports athletes have highlights . 
  all i 'm asking for is 5 seconds of gameplay between the interviews etc. 
  i 've seen a bunch of videos on reddit where it stops magically just like this . 
  i guess it just depends on your angle of approach etc. 
  being massive is n't a problem , neither is having that many studios . 
  the problem is that they think they can divide up the development of a single game ( brain-dead management ) . 
  it 's like if a movie was directed by 5 different directors and had different actors playing the same part in different sections of the movie . 
  it just would n't work , that 's why it 's not done . 
  the dayz devs often post on 4chan 's / v /, 
  in all honesty , i 'd be more sceptical of what i see on reddit . 
  i do n't want to choose between sex and food . 
  at least ? 
  since when is it acceptable to be a third wheel on your kids ' dates ? 
  this is a completely foreign concept for me . 
  if you google it you do n't even have to look at the results . 
  google makes one of those special little boxes like they do for actors and athletes . 
   stem fields, 
  stem is an acronym referring to the academic disciplines of science , technology , engineering , and mathematics . 
  it does n't seem like you googled very hard . 
  he 's likely not american and therefore does n't put the month before the date . 
  i remember when it happened and i remember the weather so that 's why i would n't make that mistake , but someone a little younger who does n't really remember the actual event and learnt afterwards about `` nine eleven '' would logically assosiate it with 9.11.2001 instead of 11.9.2001 like it was . 
  not / r/wtsstadamit,
