  it would be incredibly expensive even to fight china , and with their defender 's advantage there 's no way any sort of invasion would be achieved . 
  maybe gain control of a few islands but that 's about it . 
  they would always have the infrastructure for reinforcements etc. 
  right there , where as the u.s would have to fly troops halfway across the world . 
  they 'd know the land and have defenses set up against forces trying to enter either via air or sea , neither of which is advantageous . 
  this is why the u.s could n't invade vietnam , and that was against a poor tiny country , not a military roughly the same size . 
  so u.s would be stuck fighting a war against an equal force on foreign land while the rest of the world stops doing business with them because they 've clearly gone mad with imperialism . 
  the whole u.s economy would collapse . 
  having lots of manufacturing and/or resources does n't help you when there is nowhere to export to . 
  in fact if the u.s decided to try and invade china the attempt would probably collapse the u.s economy and military strenght to the point where they could get invaded themselves a few years later . 
  e. actually never mind that part about standing army , it appears they almost twice the troops ready at any given point . 
  not including drafts that would ultimately happen if a war broke out . 
  they do have less airplanes and a smaller budget but money does n't really matter as much when both countries develop and manufacture their own weaponry . 
  it 'd be hopeless . 
  sledgehammer already made mw3 . 
  sure they credited it as `` sledgehammer in association with iw '' but iw was a shitstorm at that point with all the lead developers resigning after mw2 and half the team after them . 
  i doubt they contributed much to that project . 
  the `` reconstruction of iw '' news came around the release of mw3 . 
  yeah because obviously the man did n't tell the kids to do it because he knew it 'd make her happy . 
  i mean that 's simply outrageous . 
  i did n't mean it in a bad way . 
  just that at least when i was a kid i never had a clue when these things were , my parents would just show up with a piece of paper and tell me to draw a card for mother 's / father 's / whatever day . 
  it 's something parents do to keep each other happy , kids do n't give a shit either way . 
  not giving a present/a card would n't mean anything negative either , kids are oblivious . 
  you might be thinking on visceral games . 
  their former vice president and general manager and senior development directer are the ones who founded sledgehammer games . 
  it 's kinda funny really , they left visceral ( owned by ea ) to get more creative freedom . 
  then they were offered a deal by activision to publish their 3rd person action-adventure game . 
  suddenly iw broke up and activision told sledgehammer to drop the 3rd person game immidiately and start working on mw3 on a tight schedule . 
  and now they 're in charge of the next cod . 
  firefox has this feature too . 
  and on any browser you can just copy-paste the url of the pic to google search . 
  i have nearly 2000 1v1 's on record and i still have n't played the campaign halfway through . 
  the wol campaign i mean , i have n't even started hots . 
  i enjoyed the story too but playing an rts against the cpu was just too much . 
  maybe if i had never played multiplayer before the campaign it could 've been ok . 
  not to mention having like 8 loading screens whenever you want to visit one of the last buildings on the strip . 
  why is there no exit on the other side ? 
  why is the strip cut into four parts ? 
  and do n't tell me because console hardware , we 've seen much bigger areas with more detail on the x360 than the strip combined would be . 
  so that 's why countless other console games have had areas much bigger and nicer looking than the strip presented as one area ? 
   then you have n't truly experienced fallout . 
  yeah having 1 second loadtimes instead of 5 second really changes the essence of the experience . 
  the first time you play it through it can be difficult enough without taking any risks . 
  though i agree , with experience you can start killing most enemies without a scratch if you play safe . 
   at least with things like aimbotting in cs the player is still actually playing . 
  well , not really . 
  a player with a wallhack is still playing , with an aimbot you can place yourself near a bombsite and go for a cup of coffee . 
  i used to have a unicorn power t-shirt . 
  i 'd like a blowjob while watching got . 
  i 've been in relationships , i got blowjobs . 
  i liked them . 
  i would n't made a meme out of it though . 
  however posting this on / r/cringepics because someone finds it so unbelievable someone else could get a blowjob while watching tv in a relationship is absolutely cringeworthy . 
  i really do n't understand why american tv uses those black boxes . 
  i 've never seen them anywhere else . 
  where i live everything from tv to movies or blurays or netflix is subtitled and they never use a black bar . 
  white font with a black outline , all you need . 
  so you think playing a game for six hours and not getting the one weapon you want is unacceptable ? 
  to me that sounds just fine . 
  are you the kind of person who likes microtransaction ? 
  that 's conveniance , right ? 
  you do n't have to suffer actually playing the game for ** six long hours ** , you can just pay $ 0.99 . 
   plus do you really want to be getting head while real plot , decapitations , and floppy wieners are flying across the screen ? 
  think about it . 
  yes . 
  and then rewind after she 's done . 
  well forget about the microtransactions , you really think it 's a bad thing having to play the game for hours if you want a specific weapon ? 
  probably `` trolling wannabe porn stars '' or something similiar . 
  at least there 's a series of videos called that which sounds about right . 
  well he does n't see her approaching either so it 's possible she just did n't do as told . 
  giant animals in the room tend to make people forget stuff . 
  i do n't think a wrestling match with a man is that big of a punishment for a bear . 
  he 's still probably better cared for than 99 % of the world 's captive bears . 
  luckily with askia as my meatshield we held them back . 
  despite their ridiculous spread my people are still # 1 in population . 
  there 's descriptions under the pictures . 
  the scout sees a large enemy army mobilized and approaching . 
  i check my own cities , every single one happened to be building a windmill at the same time . 
  [ windmills are a famous dutch national icon ] ( http://magazine.dutchancestrycoach.com/windmills-and-how-they-became-a-dutch-icon ) . 
  the civilization i 'm playing as is the dutch . 
  yes it did have those descriptions , you commented 3 hours ago , i added the comments before i even posted the url to this subreddit so about 14 hours ago . 
  you can check the imgur album , it 'd say if it has been edited in the last 3 hours . 
   it still does n't really make much sense , unless you converted all your cities to building windmills the same turn as you noticed the mobilised units it hardly seems to be a reckless yolo moment . 
  you can see they 've been building for a few rounds already . 
  i guess the joke is dutch get so excited about windmills that when they 're presented as a building possibility every city picked it and forgot that the zulus have been trying to kill me constantly . 
  really it 's just something that happened and i thought it was kinda funny . 
  you do n't need to keep excuses why you did n't get the joke . 
  i 'm all for gore but that does look pretty shitty, 
  dragon butts in li ? 
  dark souls has never been a game that punishes repeated failure . 
  i 've heard dks2 does , have n't played it myself , do n't care , but dks1 does n't . 
  you can always try and fail and you wo n't end up worse off than where you started . 
  wow that sounds pretty crazy . 
  sounds less boring than the current solution though . 
   there are a limited amount of humanities in the game, 
  what ? 
  i know about 10 places where i can go for endless humanity , maybe four of them good spots to farm . 
  also i think we disagree on the definition of `` punishing repeated failure '' . 
  i see the baseline as you 're stats and gear , 0 souls , 0 humanity .
