  then she told me the internet suddenly got a lot faster . 
  no shit . 
  you are the sort of person us non-retarded mac users hate . 
  ca n't browse f7u12 because it 's nsfw ? 
  because it 's impossible to block a background image . 
  noobs . 
  i live in finland but that sounds uncomfortable as fuck . 
  long pants while sleeping . 
  that 's something you do when you pass out , not deliberately . 
  yeah it 's like i smoke weed any more, 
  i do n't smoke any less either though, 
  the reason we got as far as we are now is that only the strongest and smartest survive . 
  the people who are smart have the know-how to research and develop these medicine . 
  fittest does n't just mean physically strong . 
  and if you are succesfull in another way in the modern world you get to enjoy the perks of this research, 
  survival of the fittest does n't just mean a bunch of wild animals fighting over a steak . 
  evolution has n't stopped . 
  it 's just . . evolved . 
  thriving in groups does n't mean everyone should be included in those groups . 
  a chain is only as strong as its weakest link . 
  you are correct . 
  i never stated otherwise . 
  but what makes you say this kid was intelligent , wise or even had a positive attitude ? 
   diseases do n't discriminate between the strongest and weakest . 
  not sure if serious, 
  i 've been mugged and bullied . 
  case in point . 
  are you seriously saying a persons physical and mental well being have no effect on how likely he is to survive or fight an illness ? 
  tons of old people die of sicknesses like the common cold . 
  one of the most deadliest diseases in africa is diarrhea . 
  sure stong and weak may catch illnesses all the same , but the effects and outcome are not the same . 
  google has been around since before windows xp . 
  use it . 
  no , it 's crap . 
  try playing it again . 
  cod 2 ( not the big red one ) is still just as great , cod 1 and uo also . 
  cod 3 just sucks dick . 
  nah i 'd rather just look at cat pictures while high . 
  screw the greater purpose . 
   and even though my university education is free ( + they are paying my rent ) i have to pay for using the university 's gyms . 
  poor you, 
  calling perussuomalaiset a `` big right winged extremist party '' is retarded , that 's why you get downvoted . 
  it 's pretty radical for finland , but in almost any other country they 'd be far for extremists . 
  also they are a pretty socialist party to be called right winged . 
  i 'm finnish but have also lived in the u.s and can confirm this . 
  yeah make sure he never amounts to nothing !, 
  this kid needs help , not abandonment, 
  you can drive while high but you can also be too high to drive . 
  e. oh this was about mythbusters [ 6 ], 
  ~ 6months after getting my license i had a similiar period of driving more high than sober . 
  nowadays i rarely drive and it was pretty stupid thinking back on it . 
  did n't have any accidents though, 
  that is amazing, 
   also , weapon switching by side - i 'm not sure if it 's just a reskinning or just for defaults , but your weapons are chosen by what side you play ( ak vs m4 ) . 
  on second thought , this might just be for stock weapons , but the two are not clones of each other , and feel remarkably different . 
  that is awesome to hear !, 
  i 've been wondering why games no longer do this . 
  i do n't mind that not all options are always available . 
  it was pretty ridiculous to have americans shooting an-94s at russians wielding m16s in bc2 . 
  that 's weird because i 've used and people i know have used spotify pretty much since it started in 2008 . 
  nowadays everyone has spotify in their computer , it 's expected to be there . 
  people who use your computer ask `` where 's spotify '' and not `` do you have spotify ? '' . 
  grooveshark and pandora are something i 've only heard about in the interwebs . 
  why post this as a self post that includes nothing else than a link to the source ? 
  and do n't say `` to avoid karma whoring '' . 
  i do n't give a fuck about karma and that 's a retarded excuse . 
  well there are two ways to submit . 
  the kind where you write text and the kind where you just paste a link . 
  it 's not a big deal but it 's just stupid to use the wrong one out of the two when all he wanted to do was share a link . 
  i 'm not going to find the post but in the original hc post notch said that you can save the world after dying but before deleting , edit the file and import it to creative . 
  before 1pm is early for me, 
  you 're racist !, 
  their culture is just as good as ours !, 
  unemployed people do n't have money to pay back for a single bowl ? 
  also 1 pic in about a thousand is actually hot on r/gw, 
  that 's about 40 more cards than i need in an average year, 
  i believe the `` what trolls want you to believe/what is actually happening '' comic is the original, 
  yup . 
  i remember seeing this a few years back on some finnish websites . 
  it was christmas morning if i remember correctly . 
  this picture was on several finnish websites in . . 2009 ? 
  i remember it was christmas vacation , maybe even christmas day . 
  iirc the original pic was posted to irc by someone who did n't know the explanation either . 
  that was his neighbour or something . 
  lol . 
  religion . 
  yeah because a new subreddit is always the answer . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  you would be terrible in advertising . 
  i have n't read a book in years but just seeing that cover made me want to read it . 
  you know what , it appears my local library has that book on shelf . 
  i might just grab it tomorrow . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktcvito1c18 ) is pretty awesome imo . 
  has very little to do with dubstep though . 
  most american dubstep is brostep and crap . 
  i do n't mind if you listen to it with your own headphones etc. 
  not disturbing others but god do i hate it . 
  and especially how people associate that with `` dubstep '' . 
  it makes me afraid to say i like dubstep . 
  so the language in the first book is nothing special ?
