   is it merely an issue of power to weight, 
  yes , rc helicopters weigh about absolutely nothing since they do n't have to worry about safety or anything . 
  also they can push the engines to their absolute limit because if it catches on fire or malfunctions in the air you lose only money, 
  i 've never heard this type of `` dubstep '' either . 
  interesting to say the least . 
  crazy how this is my 3rd time playing san andreas through yet i 've never heard about this . 
  and it adds so much context . 
  [ some info ] ( http://gta.wikia.com/the_introduction ) in case you ca n't access youtube, 
  you 're forgetting she 's black, 
  i 've never used any of those on my xbox and really see no reason why, 
  anyone recognize the cars at 12:50 / the beginning, 
  i 'm a sorry piece of shit because i do n't feel like wasting one of the precious years of my youth for some shit i could n't care less about ? 
  yeah ok sure , whatever you say man, 
  yes , a precious year of enjoying my life and freedom , be it video games , studying , drugs , sports or whatever activities i choose to do . 
  do you live in a country with conscription yourself ? 
  key word being volunteered . 
  i have nothing against it if you want to join the army . 
  i personally do n't . 
  i 'm not even a patriot and if a war broke out i 'd rather shoot myself in the foot than risk my life for some country . 
  i 'm no use to them , why spend ridiculous amounts of taxpayer money on me . 
  i love how the rest are in 30sec intervals, 
  also that semi-hard comment kinda threw me off, 
  the first thing i thought of . 
  also i thought it was obviously the reason people found this funny . 
  been there . 
  done that . 
  except for the signing, 
  we do n't take reproduction lightly around here, 
  what if i use inline image viewer and never look at the thumbnail ? 
  is n't this closer to wipeout ? 
  in my country we have a saying that roughly translates to :, 
  `` he who asks is not stupid but he who pays '', 
  why the fuck would somebody advertise atheism, 
  and yes i am an atheist myself, 
  came here to post this . 
  it still baffles me how some countries use the 12hour clock . 
  he 's just a troll/idiot . 
  the comic fits classicrage perfectly, 
  * unfortunately , residents of your area are not eligible to participate in xbox live rewards . 
  please see the terms and conditions for full eligiblity details . 
  * as the program grows in the future your region could be included , so please check back . 
  does n't really bother me though . 
  buying 12 months cards from certain online shops is over 20 $ cheaper than buying the 12 months membership directly from xbox so it 's not like i 'd be getting tons of points anyway . 
  so what exactly is wrong with this comic ? 
   i 've always wondered that ... you know , if i was him , i 'd be dead . 
  ftfy, 
  thank you for pointing that out, 
  it 's fucked up no matter what, 
  there 's one sentence of text in the entire comic . 
  i think that 's allowed, 
  represent, 
  also , [ another jokinen gif ] ( http://i55.tinypic.com/14y751e.gif ), 
  and if you want to see jokinen wearing extremely stylish orange sunglasses after winning the finnish championship in 1998 click [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obiuexy3p2q&amp;t=207 ), 
  fyi he also scored the winning goal in overtime, 
  that 's the point of friends . 
  you can be dicks to each other and then laugh it off . 
  they sound like average male friends, 
  legendary song . 
  used to love it , and still do . 
  fuck you faggot internet makes you awesome go suck a bag of your mom 's dicks, 
  every day i 'm paddlin ', 
  a waterfall uses gravity too though so i think it falls under the category of gravity bongs . 
  however when the term gravity bong is used without further specification i do think of one with the bottom cut of etc as well, 
  the what ? 
  you mean converting ? 
  because counting hours is a lot easier in 24h vs 12h, 
  i do n't think every man in every show i like is attractive, 
  i 'm struggling with motivation , school , jobs and socialization . 
  worth it though . 
   it 's not worth the risk, 
  yes it is . 
  it 's always worth the risk . 
  or do something i do n't want, 
  for any reason, 
  you went outside to parallel park for her ? 
  what the fuck man . 
  ever heard the story about giving a hungry man a fish or a rod etc. 
  just tell that bitch to park her own car , if you can do it why could n't she . 
  equality and all that good stuff . 
  well maybe for russia , china or the arab countries but it 's more equally distributed in europe . 
  not saying the rich do n't have lots of money , but it 's not nearly as ridiculous . 
  months old !? 
  this gif is from his first stint in the calgary in '09, 
  yeah except this has been going on for like a month, 
  holy shit . 
  mind = blown . 
  yeah with the ps2 special edition . 
  i personally played on pc . 
  we have the attention span of gold fishes . 
  we already forgot that this comic was posted yesterday . 
  and the day before that . 
  i have a friend who 's smoking a pipe in his fb photo yet he 's never tried weed . 
  fyi, 
  well thank you kind sir for proving my point for me, 
  [ nice ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgoxuziwxk0 ), 
  holy shit . 
  it was posted to 4gifs today and i had n't seen it so i assumed it to be new . 
  so why did n't you just do it yourself ? 
  i do n't know how zig zags are but at least i personally prefer smoking from king-size/bigger than regular papers . 
  it 's not about the dollar , but at least where i live you ca n't get these papers from any store and instead you have to go to a specialized one which is always a nuisance .
