  while i 'm not arguing that radiation may cure some people i think the overall healthiness of hot springs should be re-evaluated . 
  to me it sounds more like something people used to believe ( simply because hot springs are hot and magic and awesome ) and just got passed down the generations . 
  i would n't jump in a radium hot spring just because it 's supposedly `` good for you '' . 
  or just took a huge crap, 
  i mean it happens, 
   i 've never met a soldier who asked for praise, 
  lololol you clearly have n't met many soldiers . 
  they 're people just like everyone else . 
  that 's one of the stupidest things i 've read on reddit today . 
   europeans think peanut butter is completely and utterly disgusting, 
  what the fuck ? 
  i 'm european and i always wanted to eat peanut butter like american kids . 
  then i tasted it and it was awesome . 
  i do n't even know people who do n't like peanut butter ( except those allergic to peanuts ), 
  so `` europeans are gay '' is now a stereotype ? 
  stereotypical `` gay clothing '' is often pretty feminine . 
  tight pants and accessories etc. 
  i would n't take it as a compliment if someone told me i dress like a fag . 
  i do n't have anything against gay folk btw , to each his own . 
   europe has a problem with obesity, 
  true, 
   just as much of a problem as america, 
  not true, 
   some countries are actually worse, 
  lol, 
  a counter-insult to an insult does n't mean she `` got to him '' . 
  it 's just a custom, 
  i 'd rather get fucked up the ass than forced to work all day every say, 
  stop laughing at things i do n't find funny !, 
  how is this comment so low ? 
  i mean many of those girls had some nicely drawn tits . 
  so ... name your price ? 
  grats . 
  took me about 330 . now at 460hrs . 
  oh now it all makes sense . 
  i thought that was someone and their kid, 
  i do n't really care as i do n't own one, 
  i have fun playing with knives all the time, 
  i 've been studying functions all day and i noises like that too, 
  internet is serious business, 
  just because it 's wrong does n't mean it is n't a funny picture, 
  sweet potato fries are one of the top 3 things i miss about usa, 
  if this works then good luck to you but that just seems utterly retarded to me, 
  i think it 'd work best without the 1st panel and instead include 4, 
  nope still not funny, 
  10 seconds is a good balance, 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  even if i had tons of weed i still like to get the most out of it, 
  funny because it 's true, 
  found [ this ] ( http://files.hotona.com/images/mar2011/25/5-ayanna-jordan-show.jpg ) 600x1038 color pic from google, 
  videogames and snacks while your dog is being a dog and/or you 're getting head is pretty much the # 1 combo . 
  maybe some music on the background , i like to multitask . 
   there are enough youngins, 
  i do n't think having seen face/off is an accurate way to determine people 's age, 
  you need to shoot to the head, 
  what do you mean `` fallen behind on schoolwork '' ? 
  you mean some people actually do n't do all the work the evening before deadline ? 
  it sells a lot of advertisements and has n't offended anyone in a decade , that 's why . 
  well that 's what i would do if i found several million dollars and some other guy was there to take a photo . 
  sounds like a perfect cover-up . 
   in my opinion , in some instances it is worse than murder, 
  shit like this is why i ca n't take you people serious . 
  rape is n't fun , sure , but it 's still just forced sex . 
  you 'll live on . 
  maybe get a few bruises and slept with someone you did n't want to but you 're still the same person even if you had a dick inside you . 
  there is nothing worse than murder because guess what , there is no afterlife , there is no god , there is no soul . 
  this earth is all you get and even if you get raped it 's still there for you to enjoy . 
  not if you 're dead . 
  i really could n't care less how `` traumatized '' you are . 
  it 's still better off than death which is just the absolute end and ultimate crime . 
  i really do n't give a shit if you 're a cry baby and pretend your life is ruined . 
  `` just a plant '' is a stupid thing to say . 
  there is tons of poisonous shit in nature . 
  i spent some time reverse googling and this is the best i could come up with :, 
  http://www.argentinawarez.com/videos-porno-gratis/1313443-video-porno-de-pareja-amateur-con-creampie-18-a.html ( screencaps ), 
  http://rapidshare.com/files/163074167/ama-cream-zoo.3gp ( download link ), 
  horrible quality and there 's a dog at the end but it 's her, 
  that 's just the emblem though, 
  who the hell wants a snowfree winter ? 
  snow is the best part about winter . 
  helsinki is the only civilized settlement in finland so the others are always jealous and try to prove their toughness with phrases like `` it 's colder '' `` there 's wolves '' or `` i have to ski uphill everywhere '', 
  case in point, 
  yeah all this `` karma steal '' talk is retarded . 
  i care a lot more about getting exposure for both posts and solving this mystery than who gets how many imaginary internet points . 
  because for simple viewing purposes an imgur link is better . 
  imgur loads fast and if you , like many redditors , have res it displays the picture right here in the page . 
  a link to the original site gives him the deserved pageviews but forces redditors to do extra clicks . 
  not to mention imgur pictures get a lot more attention than random link posts . 
  i 'm not defending anyone , just answering your question `` why ? '', 
  kar98k everywhere, 
  the thumbnail looks like porn so i 've opened this twice by accident now, 
  it 's not worse in all stats . 
  also there is a lot to the handling that is not even shown in the stats . 
  the aug is a good weapon especially in close quarters . 
  even with the 33 % discount you still get better deals buying 12/12 + x month cards off the internet than subscribing to xbox live . 
  and on top of that prepaids are almost 50 % cheaper ( at least in eu for 12 months ) than subscribing if you buy them from the right websites . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  nice but why is the buttcheek that is further away also larger ? 
  my exact feelings when i started reading but i 'm gon na go as far as calling bullshit on this entire screencap . 
  [xboxlivecode.net ] ( http://www.xboxlivecode.net ) is the one i used last time i ordered .
