  i do n't always pay attention to acting in pornos, 
  but when i do i 'm high as fuck, 
   trolling is generally getting someone to believe something that is ridiculously false or hard to believe, 
  trolling can be so much more than just that, 
  if anything atheist tend to be anti-religion . 
  not anti-christian . 
  why is everything a fucking `` disorder '' nowadays ? 
  he was narcissistic . 
  it 's a trait of a human personality . 
  i do n't know how they do things in your crazy country but where i live you can return anything ( pc games included ), 
  and even here gamestop is a fucking scam, 
  just because you compliment someones looks does n't mean you do n't care about her achievements or skills, 
  asperger 's is not even a `` disorder '' . 
  it 's a god damn joke . 
  they 're not disorders . 
  just because your corrupt country 's doctors and drug companies are trying to get every single person to take as many pills as possible does n't mean that anyone who is n't born as a perfect picture of the vitruvian man has a `` disorder '' that must be medicated . 
  being shorter than average can make a person suffer . 
  or having different colored skin than majority of the community . 
  are you saying these are disorders ? 
  because it is wrong on so many levels to have sex with african people, 
  oh yes because if it 's published as an article it must be true, 
  apparently if your penis has been mutilated you need lubrication to masturbate . 
  i know right, 
  good for you . 
  now take your pills . 
  are [ you two ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/m3ug3/what_is_the_worst_way_you_have_ever_been_woken_up/c2xv7fl ) related ? 
  you seem to be forgetting that none of this actually happened and that in real life if someone is mad enough to punch you they probably wo n't just suddenly turn around and leave after you take the first punch . 
  because it is n't a big deal, 
  do you actually know anything about him as a person ? 
  honest question . 
  you should crosspost this to [ r/stonerengineering ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/stonerengineering ), 
  i just do n't understand how this is in any way superior to a separate sploof, 
  i think i 'd still manage to fail the classes somehow, 
  well ok but invaded was just a word i decided to use . 
  in the map finland is seen as a part of ussr . 
  conquered by the soviet union . 
  upvote if you still listen to this song in 2011 !, 
  it 's not funny though, 
  just unsubscribe to the subreddits ? 
  i do n't think you have to be * that * smart to get this one, 
  no shit, 
  or him and clamps, 
  i have done the same except i put one earbud up my sleeve and pretended to rest my head against my hand the entire exam, 
   so the reason i wear a hijab is because god has said so, 
  tbh i do n't think it matters what section of f7u12 you browse, 
  no there 's actually a subscribe button there since i 've already unsubscribed and only check f7u12 once a day or so to see if there 's anything funny, 
  no need to apologize, 
  in europe ( i 'm not dutch but guessing it 's not that different ) abortion is nothing like in the states . 
  no one will criticize you for having an abortion as a teen . 
  they might give you shit for getting pregnant but the abortion is perfectly ok and actually expected . 
  i spent one year in an american high school during which time i met more pregnant people than i 've known during the 20 something years i 've spent here . 
  most kept the babies and others were ridiculed by pro life idiots . 
  made me sick . 
  e. also we had abstinence only sex ed which was pretty ironic, 
  a double cheeseburger is $ 1, 
  here ( finland ) a double cheeseburger is 2.90 $ aka $ 3.94 . 
  you can buy two cheeseburgers for 2 $ and combine them into a double cheeseburger though . 
  but the quality of the meat is a lot better here so i do n't mind that much . 
  i would have no problem with the post office opening my mail . 
  i ca n't remember the last time i received anything important via mail ( except for packages which i guess they ca n't open and scan ) . 
  or were brothers themselves, 
  pro tip : do n't suck, 
   should i be using the x button for uh . . 
  anything ? 
  it seems inefficient for some reason . 
  any tips to help prevent every game i play turning into a runaway lead for the other team ? 
  the x button changes your defensive line . 
  no wonder it seems inefficent . 
  i played about a few hundred games with friends before even trying the game online . 
  when i did i won about 30-50 % at first and got up to 60-70 % within a hundred games . 
  in hut i win about 50 % but in online versus play it 's closer to 80-90 % now . 
   i would n't say that abortion is `` perfectly ok '' . 
  it is understood , but noone ever brags about it . 
  few people brag about any medical procedures, 
  i 've seen a ton of 14 year olds especially on the internet that i 've found attractive . 
  i do n't consider myself to be that creepy . 
  please do n't, 
  while i enjoyed both sr1 and sr2 i fear that sr3 has overdone it . 
  in both of those games i mostly only used the 9mm to recreate the gangster feeling that makes the game so much more fun . 
  sr3 has air strikes and huge boxing gloves 'n shit . 
  might be too much for me . 
  i play both . 
  sr has a lot that gta does n't, 
  the most ridiculous thing was at least in the articles i read it was a huge deal that she was an anal porn star like anal sex was somehow much much more evil . 
  her real name is marina ann hantzis . 
  i doubt she uses her porn alias to get jobs at kindergartens . 
  to be honest i care a lot more about a possible cancer risk than some random guy seeing the silhouette of my junk, 
  no they do n't . 
  i 'd much rather take body scanners than security pat downs and `` random screening '' . 
  an airport employee seeing a silhouette of my body really is n't that big of an issue in my mind . 
  if you think a body scanner is degrading you have some serious self esteem issues . 
  i do n't have the nicest body either but i really could n't care less about someone body scanning me . 
  tbh there are a thousand easier ways to accidentally end up looking at porn on the internet than googling your teachers assistant 's full name . 
  i understand that and it 's a fine balance between privacy and safety like a lot of things but in this particular case i feel that scanning is n't enough of an invasion of privacy not to be worth it . 
  when i was a kid i ran around the public swimming pool without my speedos on . 
  did n't really ruin my life . 
  shoot nudes : yes, 
  awww yeah, 
  me too . 
  music as well , i play with my own music .
