  my exact thoughts . 
  i did n't even realize it was supposed to be scary . 
  all i focused on was finding shit on the ground to throw at the endless zombies . 
  i played rome total war so much it actually got me interested in history ( especially ancient mediterranean ) and now it seems i 'll be studying it too . 
  yeah next time do n't tell anybody because chances are you would n't do any good anyway !, 
  fuck you . 
  it was a nice gesture from him trying to warn us . 
  i would n't go through all that trouble for someone else 's usernames either . 
  fuck you man . 
  i love weed . 
  i 'm on r/trees . 
  deal with it . 
  also , none of the hundreds of people i 've smoked weed with in the universe have gotten `` more social '' while high . 
  i have smart friends who are fun to watch movies with and afterwards discuss it etc but do n't interrupt for herp derp i ca n't focus for two hours, 
  if you do n't obey this around my friends you 'll get kicked in the ass while crossing, 
  me1 was shit , me2 was the shit . 
  so yeah , there is . 
  me1 had a nice story and characters but that was it . 
  the gameplay was complete bullshit . 
  me2 had less of a story but the controls and gameplay was just superb , which is why me2 was the better game . 
  well , one drink would n't hurt her . 
  seriously demonizing alcohol entirely is a much worse approach to alcoholism than moderation . 
  ever heard about stickers ? 
  well that matters what you mean by `` on paper '' . 
  sure it has the most hp of any road car ( i think ) but not the biggest hp/weight ratio and for example in top gear some cars have beaten the veyron super sport around the track, 
  of course . 
  who would argue that ? 
  if they made a new pokemon game with the real 152 pokemons i 'd buy it in a heartbeat . 
  but i do n't care enough about some kiddie rpg to a. learn 500 new pokemons so i know everyone by name b. even stand looking at those new , horrible , childhood raping `` pokemon '' . 
  when you sign the military you also know you 're signing up to get shot at . 
  still we should be sad when one of them dies . 
  did someone at some point actually take kinect seriously ? 
  dubstep + visualizer + darkness sounds great but do i have to poop ? 
  i mean it usually takes me like 20-45 seconds to shit so i do n't ever bother bringing a laptop/phone/book to the bathroom . 
  e. + 30sec for wiping and washing hands but you ca n't really do other things at the same time, 
  she 's not funny and has an annoying voice . 
  i 'd fuck her though . 
  well this is probably the most accurate use of the term `` douchefuck '' i 've seen so far, 
  she 's absolutely gorgeous in this gif . 
  most pics not so much . 
  well the veyron ss does hold the record for the fastest ( top speed ) production car so you 're probably right . 
  race cars would still wipe the floor with it though . 
  yeah because being a dick is great for everybody !, 
  if i do n't have the guts to cheat no one should wwaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh, 
  soo . . could n't you just go through all of them and click every possibility ? 
  i know it would take some time but if my graduation was depending on it or something . 
  or i wrote a program for it . 
  yeah . . 
  sorta off topic but for me it 's mind boggling that in the u.s you have multiple choice questions even in high school and apparently college too ? 
  we had multiple choice tests approximately in grades 1-4 while slowly switching to `` open answers '' of a few lines/a paragraph . 
  ~ 7th grade and forwards it was 70 % essays , 30 % `` open '' and after about a year in hs almost entirely essays . 
   life is about competition . 
  see this is where our ideals differ greatly . 
  i do n't think it is a competition at all . 
  in fact it makes me kinda sad that this was the first reply . 
  no offense . 
  doggy all the way, 
  i just found a pile of games from my mom 's house . 
  i do n't think they were any sort of `` best of '' collection , at least i do n't remember making one but every single game i had was a mother fucking classic . 
  they were mostly early 00s but games like max payne , half-life , call of duty , far cry , thief , hitman 2 , shogun total war , battlefield 1942 etc. 
  the best part was there was n't a single bad game in the pile . 
  actually that was pretty much all of them . 
  but who would n't love 18-panel `` rage '' comics without rage or a joke !, 
  girls were 8th graders , boy 5th, 
  no but seriously is it like a camera tripod with a mouthpiece ? 
  who came up with this idea, 
  she 's not * that * attractive, 
  are you just referring to the joke or can you actually read arabic ? 
   posts like this , make me look for a new website since all the douchebags have come . 
  you 're welcome to leave . 
  no one 's forcing you to stay . 
  destruction porn ? 
  holy shit [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/destructionporn ) is awesome !, 
  you are excused, 
  oh ok , but do n't they use multiple choice in the u.s a lot too ? 
  if it makes you feel better i can replace `` u.s '' with `` u.s and canada '' in that post up there, 
  i got the joke , that 's why i asked `` are you just referring to the joke '' dumbass . 
  from the looks of these people it would n't be a far stretch that one of them has something tattoo 'd in arabic that she ca n't understand, 
  i did n't even say she 's not attractive . 
  i said she 's not * that * ( `` very '' ) attractive . 
  to be honest i personally do n't find her attractive at all in this pic . 
  but hey i guess you know better , after all everybody in the world finds the same exact features to be attractive . 
  i actually laughed at your graph but now it 's just getting sad . 
  did you take it personally when i called you a dumbass ? 
  i apologize . 
  i 've taken the sat and some other standardized mc test ( + tons of exams ) . 
  i was an exhange student in the u.s for a year . 
  i kinda hard to compare the methods myself though because everything taught/tested in the u.s was so fucking simple and easy . 
  no i 'm not hatin ' on the states like it 's cool to do , i 'm just being honest . 
  btw your teacher is clearly not very good at grading free response if you can milk points like that . 
  the thing i hate most about mc is that most things in life are n't simple enough to be boiled down to one sentence . 
  sure something like `` oxygen is . . o , c , b , 2 '' works but i fucking hated the history exams ( and i love history ) because often none of the answers were totally correct or two of them had the same amount of truth or some other way the right answer was a matter of definition . 
  in an essay you have none of these problems and even if you have some sort of problems/misunderstandings you can usually discuss it with the teacher . 
  with mc it was just `` the answer sheet says it 's c '' yeah thanks a lot, 
  excessive amounts of talk and no sex at all ? 
  sounds like decent training for marriage, 
  i have a similiar setup except my 3tb main computer is directly connected to my tv . 
  also i have a 100mbit ( non-shared ) internet connection so i can pretty much do anything . 
  of course our solutions are superior to tv , dvr or cable , but never underestimate the stupidity of common folk . 
   they 'll stay on the internet , they just wo n't watch your shows .
