  i have n't played the ps4 version but on pc a science machine will show the `` recipes '' for all items even if you do n't have the required ingredients in your inventory . 
  you definitely do n't have to guess . 
   i found that i spend most of my night-time around a fire pit cooking food and plotting how to spend daylight . 
  usually that means either chopping wood or cutting rocks . 
  actually in the beginning when you 're still exploring and have n't set up a permanent base camp i recommend you build your fireplace near a forest or rocks . 
  that way you can chop wood and mine rocks even at dusk/night . 
  this leaves more time for exploring during daylight hours . 
  everything you said about managing your time is right , this is just one more thing in that category . 
  it 's also the correct way . 
  props to everyone staying away from the wiki . 
  play the game . 
  it 's very intuitive . 
  find food and stay away from the dark . 
  that 's all the advice you need going into it . 
  the most fun aspect of do n't starve is figuring things out . 
  looking up the wiki or youtube tutorials takes a lot away from the experience . 
  once you 've figured out the basics you can look up more specific stuff on the wiki and it is very useful , but i would n't use it in the beginning . 
  or just use traps . 
  there are 6 characters you unlock via xp . 
  you get xp by surviving . 
  unlocking all takes about 80 days total but you do n't have to do it in one try , 10 games where you survive 8 days or 20 games where you survive 4 days is all the same . 
  there are also 2 characters that you ca n't unlock with xp and getting those is much more difficult . 
  i think it 's relatively scary . 
  yes it 's not photorealistic and it 's not scary in the same way as a horror game with zombies or something is scary but it definitely has a scary atmosphere . 
  i think ominous is the correct word . 
  it takes a lot of time to feel `` comfortable '' playing it . 
  yes you do . 
  unless they 've nerfed the ps4 version but i just planted some grass a few days ago on pc ( real world days ) and i definitely had to use fertilizer . 
  so far i have n't heard of any other version differences so i find it hard to believe they would 've changed such a trivial thing . 
   grass tufts can be dug up with a shovel or regal shovel and replanted in a new location ( typically closer to a base camp ) . 
  doing this will require the tuft to be fertilized before it will regrow any new grass , and fertilized again after 20 harvests . 
  grass will grow extremely slowly during winter . 
  it 's also good to keep in mind the game is not so much about points or winning but the experience . 
  in my current save i could technically wall myself in and survive indefinitely as i have a farm that creates more food i can eat and birds in birdcages shitting out new seeds . 
  i 'm 100 % self-sufficient . 
  that in itself could be considered `` winning the game '' but there 's still tons of stuff in the world i have n't explored so i 'm not doing that . 
  i have n't even gone down to a cave yet lol . 
  get better walls ? 
  i 've seen an electric board before but it was at someone 's home and never used because it sucked . 
  all the bars i 've been to have real dart boards . 
   we keep our scores in our heads, 
  i can already imagine the arguments, 
  in what universe is a standard dart board that you can get for like 10 $ elitism ? 
  i know but there are multiple ways of surviving death in the game . 
  well to be fair i would n't call that electric piece of shit a real dart board either, 
  the first 10 minutes and the last 5 minutes are like the second movie . 
  the rest of it is much more like the first movie . 
  which i enjoyed since pitch black was a lot better than the second one . 
  the map is relatively big , especially if you 're just getting into the game . 
  you can explore for days without seeing any beefalos . 
  we 've all been there . 
  i think in my current game it took me 12 days to find a herd , and aside from surviving i did nothing but look for them in those 12 days . 
  i 've never bothered with flowers . 
  honestly the sanity meter has never been an issue either , all i do to keep it up is sleep every now and then and make sure i have enough food when i wake up . 
  so in a sense food is the most important thing to keep your sanity up . 
   you 're more prone to freezing than to starving during winter . 
  well that depends on how you deal with winter . 
  i remember in one of my first playthroughs on an older version of the game i was too afraid to leave the fireplace because of freezing so eventually i starved to death because i did n't have enough food stockpiled . 
  if you 're new to the game do n't worry about maxwell 's door . 
  you 've got a long way to come before it 's even relevant . 
   in one of my first playthroughs, 
   just the thing with him jumping into the tree, 
  like it 's an ordinary thing to tackle christmas trees, 
  hbo typically does n't run shows to the ground . 
  they end when it 's their time to end . 
  it 's sad when you 're really enjoying a show but they do it for a good reason . 
  i would n't really call it easier . 
  it 's pretty damn easy to set up traps on the border of the web and lure them out 2 or 3 at a time . 
  it 's also much faster than trying to get them all separated . 
  i know how to fight spiders without taking a single hit , but like you said yourself it involves running and getting them 1v1 . 
  with traps it takes about 30 seconds to empty an entire spider den . 
  explore ? 
  try to craft new items and see what they do ? 
  build a house ? 
  it 's a create your own adventure type of game . 
  there is no specific objective . 
  there is an endgame called adventure mode but you really should ' t touch it until you can easily survive a few winters . 
  6 grass and two twigs or something like that ? 
  not that expensive . 
  especially when you get ten uses out of it . 
  the time i save not having to fight them is often more valuable . 
  and i think spider drops are pretty good . 
  silk is really useful . 
  yeah the regular bunny traps kill spiders and spider warriors as well . 
  i did n't realize to even try it on my own either , someone else suggested it to me . 
  on xbox i 'd estimate i have about a 75 % success rate . 
  i 've heard it 's terrible on pc . 
  i ca n't really blame anyone who dodges the draft even if they have said stupid shit in the past . 
  there 's nothing on earth that 's worth risking my own life for like that . 
  if someone attacked where i live there 's no chance i 'd stay here to protect it , i 'd just move somewhere else . 
  sounds more reasonable to me than going to war . 
  besides a post-war country would n't be the same country i grew up in and loved . 
  i like where i live but i 'm already open to the idea of living in different countries . 
  if a war broke out that 'd definitely lower the appeal of this place . 
  it 's a pretty iconic gameplay mechanic in do n't starve so i doubt they 'd remove it . 
  the naughtiness meter goes down over time so it 's possible to kill an unlimited amount of innocent creatures and not trigger the effect . 
  i just checked and the rabbits are actually considered the least significant `` innocent '' creatures . 
  the amount of naughty you gain for killing a rabbit is equal to the amount you `` lose '' in a minute of not doing anything bad . 
  probably depends how close you were to the shore . 
  i 'd rather run into machine gun fire and have a chance of surviving than be one of the machine gunners in the foremost bunkers who had absolutely zero chance of getting ouf ot there alive .
