  yeah but when there is no option it might as well be a movie . 
  a movie that blames it atrocities on the viewer does n't sound that great of an idea , does it ? 
  `` you could have pressed the stop-button ! '', 
  just use claymores, 
  when did that happen ? 
  i just read his liquipedia article yesterday to see if there were any updates ( there were n't ) . 
  no mention of anything like this now either . 
  honestly i do n't think that 's so stunning anymore . 
  my phone has 2 cores running at 1.5 ghz and it 's two years old . 
  these days 4 cores @ ~ 2ghz is the norm . 
  ps2 had something like 290 mhz . 
  when psp came out in ** 2005 ** an matched ps2 's graphics that was truly amazing . 
  almost 10 years ago it was hard to believe . 
   the best links to click while you 're stoned !, 
  that 's the title of the page, 
  side-effect of mdma, 
  i 've heard magnesium pills are even better than gum , they should completely stop the chewing , not just give you something to chew . 
  so finland is the only european country that bears got 100 % covered ? 
  i remember reading somewhere that fighter pilots would carry a weapon with them so they could hunt for food if they crash landed in the middle of nowhere . 
  is this just a legend/a joke or did some pilots actually use them for hunting ? 
  i do n't mean just wwi specifically . 
  e. [ these ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m6_aircrew_survival_weapon ) were the type of guns i was thinking about . 
  \u00c5land does n't count, 
  `` the other spaceship '' sounds like two spaceships shooting at each other . 
  my money 's on ftl . 
  the first thing i did after installing was disable in-game voice chat . 
  have n't regretted it once . 
  still counts, 
  but why is there a need to limit farm-bots in a game that does n't have any sort of trading ? 
  i understand trying to prevent them in games like diablo where you can sell items or even cs : go skins but in a game like hearthstone where you ca n't sell/trade cards i do n't see why blizzard would care . 
  they 're not hurting the `` economy '' since there is none . 
   how are people who actually work a full time job supposed to play every game ? 
  they are n't, 
  i 've never heard a language other than russian in the in-game chat . 
  always seem to use their own separate voip . 
  which is understandable since the in-game voip sucks dick , i 've never used it either . 
  os x has this kinda half-assed solution that tells you ahead of time which files will cause this to happen . 
  it does n't let you put in the password when you start the copy , but it will tell you which files to avoid if you do n't want this to happen . 
  better than nothing i guess . 
  indeed, 
  yeah the terminal is often much more reliable than the gui . 
  but sometimes i wish i could just do things the simple way . 
  especially when it seems like it 's working initially . 
  i remember this happening on windows too though , can you copy files with a command prompt ? 
  i 'd assume so . 
  english in the text chat yeah , but i 've never heard it spoken . 
  i did disable the in-game voice chat pretty quickly though so my experience is limited . 
  sounds like 99 % of tv dramas to me . 
  some people get kids at a young age . 
  if he 's 15 his parents could be 30ish and grandparents 50ish . 
  nothing odd about a 50 year old watching got . 
  i remember in middle school a classmate had her grandmother 's 50th birthday coming up . 
  3 of my 4 grandparents were already dead at that point . 
  darude - sandstorm has been a joke much longer than twitch has existed . 
  e. i do n't mean the song 's a joke . 
  i actually own the original cd from 2000 . 
  but telling people the song is sandstorm when it is n't is about as old as the song . 
  still mildly funny though . 
  the wolf of wall street 2013 1080p bluray x264-amiable, 
  added in movies : : hd on 2014-03-13 22:28:08, 
  with the current methods you wo n't get banned either , but your mmr will be total shit and your level will be reset to 20 every time you do it . 
  i personally would n't like to start again from every time i want to play the game . 
  i have n't spent a cent on cards either , but i consider `` earning '' the cards to be a part of the experience , if not the most important part . 
  if i had the perfect deck with nothing to look forward to i 'd probably get bored really quickly . 
  ai n't nothing wrong with that either . 
  got is a good tv show ( from what i 've heard , have n't seen it ) . 
  just because it has some boobage does n't mean older people ca n't enjoy it . 
  sex did exist before the 21st century . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  a single jersey obviously got tv coverage and spread on the internet as well ( this post for example ) . 
  one guy throwing his jersey and the conversation that followed might incite even more than a 100 fans not to buy/renew tickets . 
  mailing the jersey to the owners does n't get tv coverage though . 
  there 's nothing the owners care more about than pr . 
   i do n't think it 's that outlandish to expect someone who needs to move large amounts of data with different security settings to know how to use the command line . 
  what ? 
  since when did large amounts of files equate to computer knowledge ? 
  i 've never changed permissions on any of my files , they just happened to have admin password requirements for some reason . 
  i personally know how to use the command line , but i really do n't see what large amount of files has to do with anything . 
  the ghost steps usually appear if the opposing team has a bot . 
  i 've had them ( everyone on the team hearing them ) multiple times on both inferno and nuke . 
  i do n't know if it 's map related or if it 's just that those two are the maps i play the most . 
  you could easily have a terabyte of photographs if you have backups of everything you 've ever taken . 
  i do n't think digital cameras are only for the tech savvy . 
  this time it was simply movies . 
  who does n't have movies on their computer ? 
  well it was pretty damn close and a decade ago . 
  but my main point is that modern phones outperform ps2 by a tenfold or even more . 
  it 's not really that surprising they run games designed for much , much inferior hardware . 
  it 's funny because in finnish `` emo '' is what mother dogs are called ( as well as most other female mammals with offspring ) . 
  do you get gold for casual games ? 
  yeah if it was you . 
  but it is n't . 
  if it was me i would n't go to a doctor either . 
  last time i went to a doctor was a mandatory military thing 7 or 8 years ago and i 'm not planning to go again . 
  who wants to worry about medical shit like possible diseases or conditions all their life . 
  i 'd rather live 50 years without ever thinking about it than worry about health constantly and live til 80 . 
  i doubt that 's the actual joke, 
  hearthstone and cs : go , just like every other week . 
  one is free and the other is like 2 $ so you ca n't argue they do n't belong here . 
  it 's not just about hype .
