  yeah the `` big black cock on woman 's shoulder '' part really did n't give away that it might be a risky click, 
  i think the reason he mentioned puppey particularly is because him and kuro go back a lot longer than any of the other members of the team , so even puppey having issues with kuro is kind of significant . 
   i remember it too often that people told me `` it 's just everyone who hates you '' , but considering i have more than 100 friends , that ca n't be quite right . 
  cringe as fuck, 
  i played through the entire game ( uncensored ) and have no clue why it got such high reviews . 
  i 'm guessing it 's horny teenagers with internet filters who can only access steam or something , because the game was exactly what you 'd expect from a sexy flash game . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  this is just simply not true . 
  [ here ] ( https://d2pq0u4uni88oo.cloudfront.net/projects/679828/video-297374-h264_high.mp4 ) is the pre-alpha trailer they used for the original kickstarter for hunie pop . 
  afaik the first video footage of the game . 
  the artstyle is exactly identical to the finished product and apart from some hud redesigns so is the actual gameplay . 
  but he said he had issues with kuro . 
  he did n't try to hide it for a second . 
  he never claimed the reason he had issues with kuro is that other people also had issues . 
  just because he has issues with kuro does n't mean other players on the team ca n't have issues with him as well . 
  because arteezy is already out of the team so he has no reason not to say it ? 
  s4 , zai , puppey and kuro have no confirmed team yet . 
  for all they know right now they might have to stick with team secret . 
  of course they wo n't come out and talk about issues within the team themselves . 
  do you have the slightest idea how human relationships and pr work ? 
  i was sure this was some sketch comedy and the names were made up but these guys actually have a wikipedia page . 
   why ? 
  so he could also say `` nsa is building stations on jupiter '' , it has the same relevance . 
  he was n't asked about nsa 's space stations . 
  he was asked about team secret 's internal issues and what led to him leaving the team . 
  he answered about team secret 's internal issues and what led him to leaving the team . 
  seems relevant . 
   if you really believe that people say thinks for no reason , then you 're an idiot . 
  for no reason ? 
  i said he had no reason to lie or stay quiet about his feelings because unlike his teammates he 's no longer in the organization . 
  i did n't say he said this stuff for `` no reason '' . 
  learn to read idiot . 
  the reason he said what he said was probably being pissed at kuro for in his eyes hurting the team 's chances to win 6 million dollars . 
  seems like a pretty good reason to me . 
   you 're claiming that arteezy would say stuff without him intending to say it and for no reason . 
  neither did i ever claim that nor does this sentence make any sense . 
  / r/true anything are always so fucking cringeworthy . 
  it 's the posters from the normal subreddit who thought they 're above the average poster so they deserve better . 
  and the ( unintended ) circlejerk is always exactly what you would expect . 
   it was you who claimed he said it for no reason . 
  now fuck off , i 'm tired of your stupidity . 
  no i did n't . 
  i said he had `` no reason not to '' talk publicly about the issues since he 's out . 
  i could quote your message i was responding to but apparently you deleted it ayyy lmao . 
  [ my comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dota2/comments/3h5fll/arteezys_from_stream_day_2_comments_about_kuroky/cu4qx12 ) is still up and you can go check it if you want . 
  it 's pretty clear what 's written . 
   because arteezy is already out of the team so he has no reason not to say it ? 
  no reason ** not to ** say it . 
  it 's funny how you get all aspie and call me stupid and idiotic in every other sentence but you lack basic reading comprehension even when repeatedly told where you made an error . 
  so you 're comparing badmouthing your former teammate to killing people ? 
  interesting . 
   i guess i should just punch random people in the face whenever i get pissed , that 's a very good reason right ? 
  when i 'm angry , then everything is allowed !!!, 
  a normal person would probably understand that rtz 's anger as a motivation meant he has no ulterior motive and is speaking against kuro because he genuinely felt kuro 's personality was the problem . 
  not that being angry at somebody gives you a free pass to do anything . 
  i do n't know about you but i was never taught that being open about your issues is inherently bad and equivelant to murder . 
  especially when you 're directly asked about them . 
  i guess but usually people who are sniffing glue are way past the point where they care about their public image . 
  i 'm on my first one with hunderds and hundreds of hours and literally no signs of any wear . 
  oh you 're right , i 've never been there . 
  i 've seen enough / r/true subreddits to be judgemental with no first hand experience though [ ] ( / flair-techies ), 
  oh hey would you look at [ this ] ( http://www.liquiddota.com/forum/dota-2-general/492658-thoughts-1-from-zai ), 
   arteezy is not from what i 've read and seen , wrong on any of the matters he 's touched on . 
  all in all , the things i 've seen him write or talk about are not false , nor are they heavily biased but they are mostly true . 
  it seems rtz was in fact speaking the truth and his only motivation was that he did n't have to hide it anymore . 
  exactly like i said , 
  well when the `` issue '' at hand is people not getting along with other people how does being `` biased '' matter ? 
  it 's not like they 're accusing kuro of a crime . 
  they 're saying they do n't like the way kuro acts . 
  so ok they 're biased because they do n't like him , but the whole topic of conversation is `` do you like kuro '' . 
   did n't know that was a swedish surname, 
  nigga pls, 
  well you did n't expect na dota scene to come up with their own quality players now did you ? 
   rtz ca n't , because that guy stirred up the drama in the first place , fully well knowing the impact it would have on a community like this . 
  yeah no shit ? 
  you really think anyone on here thought rtz just accidentally slipped like 3 posts worth of information in his stream to 30k viewers and was surprised it turned into drama ? 
  how is it vague ? 
  it 's clear from the start they are n't talking about one particular incident but his attitude and demeanour . 
   implying drama is inherently evil, 
   still , it was a huge dick move in his part to call kuro out in twitter and cause all this stupid drama . 
  why ? 
  he 's out of the team . 
  people were asking why , he answered . 
  i do n't understand why so many people on this sub feel the only proper way to act is to stay silent and never voice your opinion about anything . 
  talking about issues within former team especially when directly asked about them should n't inherently be considered a bad thing . 
  he did n't even say anything disrespectful or personal , just that he disliked his attitude and thought it was hurting the team . 
  i really do n't understand how some people are so offended by this . 
  only thing i can come up with is the wallflower digital sports fan stereotype . 
  because we do n't need zai to tell us how reddit is , we already know . 
  we do need zai to tell us the inside story on team secret as we do n't already know that . 
  i do n't see him whining anywhere . 
  i see people asking him questions about team secret 's performance and his signing to another team and him responding what he believes to be honest answers . 
  even if you 're against stirring drama ( which i 'm not ) how can you see that as `` whining '' ? 
  but if that 's what he believes what so wrong with saying it out loud ? 
  especially now that he 's no longer in the team so there 's no `` professional courtesy '' type of situation going on . 
  what ? 
  that men try to please thin young women with large breasts ? 
  yes . 
   it 's him spreading lies to trash talk other people . 
  but both his coach and his teammate just backed him up with no one except for fanboys on internet forums backing up kuro .
