  has blizzard ever explaines this decision ? 
  it would make sense if the unit active while creating the group would be made the default for example . 
  a watch ? 
  inb4 who still uses a watch, 
  i was genuinely surprised when i talked to my parents over the weekend and neither had even heard of it despite both being avid news watchers/readers . 
  then i realized if it was n't for reddit i would n't had either . 
  so the response in the pic is not only a joke but the truth apparently . 
  wow i feel retarded but this is the first time i actually realized they 're not the same unit . 
  i guess i was too focused on the bat part . 
  my favourite is [ this ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_u1rwrrokubi/szj5dyxr6ei/aaaaaaaaazi/qetkz5c8g_a/s400/mainos2a.jpg ) because unlike your examples with caricatured silly nigger characters this one is just an actual picture of a black man with the text `` only a nigger from africa does n't gamble . 
  everyone else does and receives winnings . '', 
  this was/is a government owned company btw . 
  i thought i just translated it . 
  the last part is about new ball games and supporting young athletes . 
  why would being unemployed make you to eat crap ? 
  on the contrary , in all the time i 've being living by myself i have n't purchased a single `` tv dinner '' because i have all the time in the world to cook properly due to being funemployed . 
  i ca n't be the only player who does n't give a flying fuck about lore . 
  if a change makes the game .5 % better or more balanced while totally fucking up all starcraft lore since the first game i say go for it . 
  lore is nice little addition to the game but it should never ever come before gameplay . 
  remember the game is still in beta . 
  after the game comes out blizzard should let metagame play itself out . 
  when it 's in beta i 'm all for trying out different things and seeing how they affect the game . 
  the point of beta is not just to give some players early access to the game . 
  the aim of beta is not to be as enjoyable as possible . 
  it 's to make the released game as good as possible . 
  does n't seem like it 'd take a lot to implement either . 
  by being a good boy and uploading, 
   i 'm the only one who torrents in my group , heh . 
  what ? 
  out of curiosity , where are you from ? 
  i have like 20 or so people i 'd call `` close friends '' and every single one uses torrents . 
  if i expand that to say for example 500 of my closest contacts i 'd bet around 495 of them used torrents . 
  age is probably a big factor . 
  all my friends grew up pirating either from napster or kazaa or winmx or dc + + so pirating ( which has meant torrents for the last almost 10 years ) has always just been a natural part of life . 
  most of my friends are n't that tech savvy either but here using torrents is like one step up from having facebook . 
  location is probably the other thing a. nobody cares that it 's illegal because there 's no risk of getting a billion dollar fine b. there 's really no easy way to legally get american tv shows which everybody watches unless you want to wait a year until it 's on tv . 
  and that 's only if it 's a mainstream show . 
  netflix was introduced last year and it 's definitely affecting the situation but the library is still far from what you can get torrenting and it takes time for new shows to appear there vs. torrents being up 2 hours after the original broadcast . 
  oh you 're right . 
  i would n't call him a villain either , after all he 's the best hope for team usa . 
  he was just the first player that came to mind regarding trash talk/questionable behaviour and being victorious . 
  i ca n't really think of any real `` villains '' in sc2 that are also competitive . 
  in hots air units and mech share upgrades ? 
  i have n't been playing it , waiting for the final release . 
  seems like a great game . 
  only complaint : ca n't disable sound and music separately . 
  it 's either both or nothing . 
  fast forwarded through the video . 
  no actual footage . 
  \\  playing games in any other language than english, 
  it 's cheap , easy , tasteless , insensitive and kinda funny . 
  stupidest thing about skyrim was how anything that did n't one shot you could n't kill you . 
  hit , pause , potion , hit , pause , potion , hit , pause , potion , enemy dead . 
  the broken down economy that allowed you to have hundreds of potions at any given time did n't help either . 
  at least that was the stupidest thing gameplay-wise . 
  `` oh he was caught cheating but he totally promised he would n't do it again so it 's ok '', 
  that 's the way real sports treat doping , right ? 
  why do you wish that ? 
  i enjoyed this post yet am too lazy to go to 4chan anymore and scroll through all the crap to find good posts . 
  i 'm glad every good post gets reposted to reddit . 
  no way other people living almost in the same city also use the internet, 
  that 's the point, 
  extremely american though . 
  not saying it as a bad thing or a good thing . 
  oh and probably middle-eastern too . 
  somehow i 'm having a hard time believing they just let you `` shuffle diamonds around '' at a jewelry store . 
  extremely american though . 
  not saying it as a bad thing or a good thing . 
  oh and probably middle-eastern too . 
   nor do i think it is a cultural stereotype for americans to be married early . 
  every married facebook friend i have is american . 
  at least where i live marrying early is a cultural stereotype for americans . 
  of course i 'm basing this off a presumption i made instead of real information . 
  it 's a stereotype after all . 
  22 , finland . 
  i was a junior in high school at 17 so most of my american friends are a year younger . 
  dozens are married by now , not a single one of my finnish friends are . 
  in fifa 13 they added mini games like kicking the ball into barrels etc, 
  i 've been a little over a month without smoking now after 6 years of smoking almost daily . 
  i did n't even realize it before i looked at this picture and the calendar . 
  i have n't tried not to smoke or have a break , i just have n't really gone out and nobody 's called me offering bud . 
  it just happened . 
  i did n't notice any sort of withdrawals btw . 
  i completely set the pace . 
  a woman can set the pace ( or at least increase it ) in doggy style as well . 
  what a horrible man, 
  i was making a joke about the video title, 
  if you look at magazines or other `` mainstream '' media you hear praise . 
  if you read actual gamers ' comments online you 'll hear mostly criticism . 
  iolite is the worst vaporizer i 've used by far . 
  and i 've tried most . 
  ctrl + f viking no results ?? 
  am i the only one who expected to see one land in front of the ultra in the end ? 
  best comment in the thread, 
  well had you not said anything about having some in your pockets the dog still would n't have found any large stash and they would 've moved on and you got to keep your weed . 
  but yeah i get it 's a gamble . 
  i personally would n't trust random police officers enough to just confess so i would 've taken the odds . 
  i think it 's scientifically proven to be dangerous doing anything with your hands except operating the car while driving . 
  how does this affect either how intimidating or fun the game is ? 
  serious question .
