  it 's not because of the science . 
  is believing that koreans and japanese lack [ double eyelids ] ( http://www.techinsider.io/the-most-popular-plastic-surgery-in-korea-2015-10 ) which gives them their characteristic `` asian '' look racist ? 
  is believing that athletes from kenya and nearby areas have [ genes ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2012/04/why-kenyans-make-such-great-runners-a-story-of-genes-and-cultures/256015/ ) that increase their red blood cell count and alters their muscle structure uniquely thus making the poor small countries dominate long distance running in the olympics racist ? 
  is believing that the dutch are [ taller ] ( http://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/why-the-dutch-became-the-tallest-people-on-the-planet/ ) than any other country 's population racist ? 
  if not , then clearly we 've established that ethnic groups have a wide range of differences that make their bodies distinct . 
  the definition of racism used by the merriam-webster dictionary is `` a belief that race is the primary determinant of human traits and capacities and that racial differences produce an inherent superiority of a particular race '' . 
  accepting that races are different from each other is not racism . 
  just like the muscles or the skin or the intestines the brain is not immune to such differences . 
  i did n't say it 's expensive . 
   reddit is becoming just another big us tech company translating user data into money . 
  that 's what reddit has always been . 
  the site was started in 2005 but the big migration from digg did n't happen until 2010 . 
  reddit has been owned by advance publications , an american media conglomerate with a yearly revenue of over ** 8 billion dollars ** since the year 2006 . 
  that was nearly a decade before ellen pao 's tenure as ceo and the general consensus shifting against the reddit staff . 
  this image of this tight knit user-centric community that does n't listen to * the man * a lot of people believed was never accurate . 
  it has nothing to do with how much data going back and forth . 
  it 's how many times the server updates per second . 
  every player has their local view of the action and then there 's the server 's view which is the `` true '' view . 
  the one that decides what actually happened . 
  you can have a ping of 9000 and a packet loss of 90 % and that does n't change the fact that the server updates 20 times per second whether you send data or not . 
  on the other hand if you have really low ping the most recent data before the server update is very new . 
  your computer send data to the server constantly , but it 's all parsed together to determine the outcome every 1/20th of a second . 
   you change direction or get behind a wall but the game still thinks you 're dead because the person shooting you did n't see it happen yet , and counted the hits . 
  you 're literally describing the tick rate affecting hit registration . 
  hit registration does n't just mean hitting a target you think you should hit . 
  it also means correctly missing shots you should n't hit . 
  watch the youtube videos . 
  just because someone lists out some bullet points does n't mean he 's worth listening to . 
  this is a man who only edited in the 20 tick servers after reading the comments in this thread . 
  it 's a person reviewing an online shooter ignoring things like netcode and talking about the fucking tutorial . 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  that if this `` undeniable proof '' wording was put into the law then juries and judges would never make a mistake again ? 
  cases like steven avery are exactly the reason people oppose the death penalty . 
  it 's not a logical fallacy when the argument is in fact black or white . 
   it does n't . 
  they 've mixed time of day up with the seasons . 
  if you stop to think for a second you might realize there are one or two large english speaking countries on the southern hemisphere that are on significantly different time zones than the rest of the english speaking world located on the northern hemisphere . 
  unless you use your computer for things other than gaming . 
  tn panels looks like absolute shit in desktop use . 
  yeah this gif was the perfect reminder why this game should not have 3rd person . 
  well yes there 's that one 144hz ips that costs like 800 $ and that eizo monitor that uses its own thing but 99 % of 144hz monitors are tn and look like absolute horse shit . 
  if you have a pc dedicated to playing csgo and nothing else then it 's a good investment . 
  are they speaking english ? 
  it 's completely unintelligible but every once in a while it 's like i hear and english word in there, 
   promoting fun gameplay is a circlejerk, 
   it is n't like 1pp is some criminally unknown and inaccessible feature, 
  it is though . 
  vast majority of mods do n't even have a single 1st person only server let alone one with people . 
  even in koth which is probably the most played game mode out there it 's hard to find full 1st person servers outside peak times . 
  with anything more obscure it 's impossible . 
  br is really the only thing you can consistently find players in . 
  bi should 've never included 3rd person in the game to begin with . 
  i bet if it was n't even an option people who currently play 3rd person because `` it 's just a game bro do n't take it so seriously '' would have no problems playing on 1st person servers . 
  cod , bf , csgo , just about any shooter out there manages to appeal to a wide audience while being 1st person only . 
  if using the 3rd person as a crutch was never introduced to the game nobody would be asking for it . 
   pvp has been the smallest sliver of the smallest fraction of all arma play since ... forever . 
  you are seriously delusional . 
  pvp is vastly more popular than pve . 
  go look at the server browser , it 's life mods , wasteland , koth and pvp zombie mods . 
  pve is mainly played by a small group old school players who enjoyed the campaigns in operation flashpoint . 
  if you look at the steam global achievements only 10 % of people have even completed the tutorial bootcamp campaign . 
  since dayz happened and the series got a huge boost in popularity nearly all new players come for the pvp . 
  i have 31 people on my steam friends list who play the game and not a single one of them has completed the campaign . 
   why is it i almost never see 3pp players calling for 1pp to be banned but the opposite happens almost daily ? 
  because 3pp gives an advantage over 1pp ? 
  this is like saying `` why do wall hackers never call for solid walls to be banned '' ? 
  there is literally no advantage a 1st person player gains over a 3 person player so why would they ask for it to be banned ? 
  setting aside that brainfart of yours you 're over estimating the amount of critical thinking the average gamer does . 
  3rd person lowers the initial learning curve for new players . 
  they get cheesy kills by looking over walls and gaining an advantage . 
  they feel good about getting a kill . 
  then they get killed by a guy they never saw and think `` well , that 's arma '' . 
  they do n't stop to think that actually the reason they did n't see their killer was because he was hiding behind a wall exploiting 3rd person and waiting for them to turn around before taking a shot . 
  they only remember the `` positives '' of allowing 3rd person but none of the negatives . 
  you ca n't trust gamers with knowing what they want or what makes the gameplay more fun for them . 
  with that logic something like the legendary noobtube in cod 4 was not a problem because `` everyone used it so they must like using it , right ? '', 
  something being popular is not an indication that it 's good game design or should not be changed . 
  i played the first operation flashpoint a lot back when it was new and a little bit of arma 2 . 
   it 's been very different than any of the previous entries , including how people are playing it . 
  yes it is . 
  vastly because of the huge publicity it got with dayz and streaming . 
  if we were sitting here talking around the time a2 got released i might agree with you that pve is the main way people play the game . 
  now there 's zero doubt about pvp being the reason people buy this game . 
  like you said it 's been very different than the previous entries in how people are playing it . 
  just because it 's a `` new '' change does n't make it any less significant . 
   1pp players do it because someone is doing something they do n't like . 
  no they do n't , stop projecting . 
  1st person players complain because playing in 3rd person not only gives a huge advantage over 1st person players but because it makes the game a lot more stale and boring . 
  two 3rd person players hiding behind cover are in a complete stale mate because neither can move without being spotted and both players can spot each other while not exposing theirself to any risk . 
  it 's horrible game design . 
  there is no reason to take a risk when the player not taking a risk always has the upper hand . 
  on 1st person servers the only way to get intel and potentially win the battle is to take the risk of peeking while staying in cover can backfire by the opponent flanking you because you ca n't know his movements . 
  it 's all about risk assesment . 
  on 3rd player servers you can never get flanked in such a situation . 
  the best move is to stay passive . 
  the risk is never worth it . 
  no game should ever work like that . 
   3pp players do n't ask 1pp be removed because they do n't care if you 're having fun their way or not . 
  3rd person players do n't ask for 1st person to be removed because it does n't give an advantage over them . 
  it has nothing to do with `` having fun '' .
