  i did n't put too much emphasis in the stuff that happened before i got control of my character . 
  i had a similiar `` growing up story '' in both games leveling up my character regardless of the actual writing of the story . 
  pay someone to make a hole in your roof and put this in it *, 
  better now ? 
  how do i get it fullscreen with english subtitles ? 
  i click on the `` english '' button and i see [ this page ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wfaondi.png ) where the fullscreen button does absolutely nothing and i 'm forced to watch it in this post stamp sized window, 
  first pic - 23 points on me_irl, 
  second pic - 230 points on me_irl, 
  third pic - 2300 points on me_irl, 
  also was this practice common back when barrels were used for general storage of goods or is it simply a whiskey thing ? 
  it is a video . 
  right click -  show controls, 
   every single fucking pictures on the internet, 
  it 's a popular reaction image that 's been widely used for years . 
  you hardly need to have seen everything, 
  it 's not like it 's a reddit exclusive . 
  it 's common on any site from 4chan to twitter, 
   he skips the pick phase, 
  you do n't need math , you can just mouseover, 
  make what assumption ? 
  all i said is that it 's a popular pic, 
  are you disagreeing ? 
  so you 're saying the only way a person can have seen this picture is to have seen every picture on the internet ? 
  that 's a pretty shitty reward . 
  if anything a nice funeral only serves to make others feel like they did something good when in reality he was the one doing the sacrificing and all he got was to die alone on hard pavement . 
   their boyfriend they would commit if they broke up with them, 
  it 's not necessarily a `` scum move '' . 
  it can just be true . 
  if you 're depressed and in a long-term relationship you 're very likely to be a high suicide risk in the event of a break up . 
  it does n't mean she 's using it as a threat or manipulation method . 
  it just the way it is . 
  what 's a relationship good for if you ca n't even talk about something this serious ? 
  for me it 's hockey highlights and suffering dogs . 
  i can laugh at dead kids all day but show me a dog that 's crying in pain and i 'm done, 
  because we have a natural instinct to protect kids . 
  that 's how our species has survived . 
  human kids are fucking useless . 
  works just fine for me using res, 
  i ca n't click the link tho or it says it 's deleted, 
  good thing op is not german or he 'd be going to jail instead of hell, 
   unfortunately our electric company is the second highest in the state . 
  why not switch companies then ? 
  i will never understand why people keep making these duplicate subs for things that already have a sub, 
  i 've been playing csgo since launch and this is the first time i 've heard anyone wanting this, 
   implying ranks are n't meaningless anyway, 
  unranked is a shitshow because people wait until 0:00 then counterpick the opposing team . 
  the difference in picking phase is the # 1 reason i play exclusively ranked . 
  what ? 
  that 's a strange system you have . 
  over here i 'm free to pick any electric company in the country . 
  there 's websites you can go to that calculate your usage etc. 
  and give you the cheapest company and plan for you personally . 
  yeah i believe their laws about defacing a corpse also cover ridicule, 
  but this guy managed to also get charged on `` hate speech '' . 
  germans have been kind of sensitive about that ever since the whole nazi thing, 
   honestly bottlenecking is n't that big of a deal for the average user . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  i 'd argue it 's a pretty big deal for the average user that pays for his computer himself and is throwing away performance . 
  when did you get it ? 
  i paid 10 euros for minecraft from the official site and it was n't even in alpha, 
  might be going for a `` pun intended '' sort of thing . 
  ends up just confusing, 
  i 'd probably take the xbox just so that i would n't have to look at that case, 
  buy a lot of ssds, 
  i ca n't understand how anyone can play with it on . 
  it 's so distracting and i do n't understand the need for that info anyway . 
  if it 's a bad enough fps drop that i notice it then i do n't need the counter in the first place and if i do n't notice it then i 'm just happy not knowing about it . 
  where i live the the cost of transmitting the electricity and the actual electricity are separate . 
  i pay the company that built and maintains the infrastructure a certain fee for each kvh and i have no choice over that but the actual electricity i can buy from any company . 
  like i said there 's sites you can use to quickly compare all the alternatives for your location and usage and it 's pretty common to do this every few years because it only takes one 5 minute phone call to switch to the lowest bidder so the competition is very active . 
  i still do n't understand what makes you say that . 
  that cpu is nowhere near the performance of that gpu and especially in a cpu intensive game his experience is bound to suffer, 
   they at least attempted to justify it with a decent in-universe explanation . 
  that piss poor excuse really only makes it worse, 
  big boobs in bikinis because boobs are cool is a bit childish but totally understandable . 
  trying to explain your way out of it with sci-fi mumbo jumbo like there 's a legit reason other than `` boobs are cool '' just seems desperate . 
  i know it 's kojima and it 's tongue-in-cheek but not everyone has been desensitized to his style of humor, 
  yeah * we * know that . 
  the kind of people who are familiar with kojima 's sense of humor probably are n't the ones you look like a freak to playing this shit . 
  and trying to explain how it 's a joke does n't make it any better . 
  you 've probably never played an mgs game if you feel the need to say something like this out loud . 
  racism does n't require a negative connotation . 
  all asians are good at math is a racist comment for example . 
  or hiring somebody because they 're the same skin color as you . 
  northern europe is the whitest place on earth and up until the last few decades with immigrants and globalization salt and pepper were basically the only spices ever used . 
  most top anythings in the world are white dudes . 
  just saying, 
  is only marginally better, 
  people who 've played previous mgs games get it . 
  people who have n't do n't . 
  when they witness you playing this and see a girl parading around on the screen basically naked trying to explain how it 's a `` joke '' and that your games are n't really this juvenile entertainment is unlikely to succeed . 
  but it is their fault . 
  they 're in charge of the equipment . 
  you ca n't blame the customer when the casino 's deck is faulty . 
  also where is this rule you mention him breaking about not looking at cardbacks when making decisions ? 
  i 've never heard of such a rule . 
  it would be an entirely different matter if he destroyed or altered the cards himself to get an advantage but nothing of that sort is mentioned in the article . 
  do they have to pay for the door ? 
  i mean no one was resisting or anything and thus forcing them to break it down , they just decided to do it for no obvious reason, 
  also what if the guy had happened to stand right there about to open the door ?
