  it looks exactly identical . 
  like it or not you do n't have to lie that there 's a difference between this and the screenshots from the exact same build . 
  it 's just a different civilization they 're playing as which affects the buildings . 
  the art style is the same . 
  who cares ? 
  if someone wants to waste their time with it i 'm not going to object but i 'm not about to demand someone who moderates an online message board without compensation to use his free time replacing a perfectly functional background picture because some guy wants `` change '' . 
   the pose but it just does n't fit tracer 's character . 
  the pose is just her standing . 
  how does that not fit someone 's character ? 
  what kind of `` character '' is one that does n't include standing ? 
  other than somebody in a wheelchair . 
  people are n't `` buzzing '' about the post by one dude . 
  the post by one dude would 've maybe gotten a dozen `` lol '' replies , never linked to any other site and forgotten instantly . 
  people are `` buzzing '' about blizz 's response . 
  a gigantic video game developer and publisher making an official statement and directly altering their product as a result of it . 
  regardless of what you think about the pose it 's a pretty significant difference . 
   neither , really , did the person who originally complained . 
  unaltered quotes from the original post, 
   it just reduces tracer to another bland female sex symbol, 
   this is n't a character who is in part defined by flaunting her sexuality, 
   we are willing to reduce them to sex symbols to help boost our investment game, 
  agree with blizzard or not you do n't have to lie . 
  she definitely did have `` some issue '' with the character being sexual . 
   literally the only reason a person would take that pose is to show off their ass, 
  she 's literally standing . 
  when you stand your ass is usually visible to pretty much 180 degrees behind you . 
  do you advocate the use of burkas by any chance ? 
  so what you 're saying is if a woman walks in a public place they 're constantly `` showing off their ass '' to half the people on the street ? 
  til physical video game rental is still a thing in this decade, 
  battery technology is not `` advancing pretty steadily '' . 
  it 's advancing slowly for sure but it 's pretty much the biggest single thing holding back nearly all technological development . 
  i agree the rumble of an engine is nice but i also think it 's something we 're just going to have to accept to let go . 
  just like it would be nice to drive a car the size of a 50s cadillac or it would be nice if i could get stuff cheaper if factories did n't have any emissions regulations . 
  refusing to give up fossil fuels because `` i like the way it sounds '' is pretty immature imo . 
  not currently of course because the technology is not ready yet but when the time comes . 
  what are you , sexuality police ? 
  the character she 's depicting is an adult woman . 
  most adults do display some degree of sexuality even if it 's not their defining trait . 
  who are you to say that just because she does n't dress up in lingerie and shoot hearts out of her weapon her character must be completely devoid of any sexuality like some weird female eunuch ? 
  you always had the option to choose another pose if that 's what you desired, 
  you do n't have to ever use a pose that is `` literally standing '' when you can instead use one that says something about the character . 
   juuust get it done in a few years and under this amount of money, 
  which does n't sound that unreasonable from a game publisher, 
  diablo still has many of the issues it was criticized for at launch . 
  it 's certainly better ( which is to be expected when it 's had a separately sold 30 $ expansion ) than it was at launch but it 's not like it 's an entirely different game . 
   it seems like every game delay post on this subreddit turns into a fucking positivie pr thread . 
  like how is it a good thing ?? 
  of course it 's a good thing . 
  it means more work gets put into the game before release . 
  how is it a bad thing ? 
  are you running out of other games to play ? 
  is there no other video game you can play while waiting for this one to finish ? 
  delays are almost exclusively a good thing and a sign that the dev/publisher is willing to invest more into the game rather than rushing it out regardless of its current state . 
   can we go back to asking for developers to not announce their games 3 + years before a realistic launch ? 
  why ? 
  is it that hard for you to wait ? 
  how on earth is it a bad thing that devs announce games early in their development ? 
  you can stop reading gaming news if knowing a game you ca n't play yet is in development is causing you unhappiness for whatever reason . 
  patches rarely overhaul core game mechanics unless it 's a huge developer/publisher like blizzard or valve . 
  he did not get `` shafted by ea '' . 
  he made the call to simplify the game . 
  he was the lead designer . 
  ea was printing money with the sims , they let him do whatever he wanted with spore . 
  the game was n't dumbed down because ea did n't want to publish or fund the development of a more complicated game . 
  the original concept was how he had already sold the idea to them and what they had agreed to publish . 
  wright simplified the game because he thought that 's what the audience wanted . 
   to me it seems like people want this game to fail . 
  every time there 's news , people ask what do you even doooo, 
  i do n't want it to fail and i still do n't really understand what is it even that you do despite watching half an hour of gameplay footage . 
  it 's a legitimate question . 
  not something malicious . 
  you got lucky with witcher 3 . 
  that does n't mean cdpr is incapable of making bad games . 
  it 's like saying `` i bought a scratch-off lottery ticket and won $ 100 so it 's a good investment '' . 
  it 's pretty ironic that your comment is actually the one claiming that `` average '' means the same as `` hideous wildabeast '' . 
  i know but it 's not keeping up with the rest of scientific research and development so is it really that consistent ? 
  no it is n't . 
  they revamped the loot and they added actual end game content but the core gameplay loop is very much the same . 
  which is strange because why the fuck is anyone playing a sports game against ai ? 
  ai seems like the least significant feature of a sports game . 
  average was the most extreme `` insult '' posted by `` reddit '' in this thread before you came along . 
  you do realize this is a pc game we 're talking about ? 
  8 years after quake , 5 years after counter-strike , 9 years after warcraft 2 , 5 years after unreal tournament ? 
  online gaming was just as strong on pc in 2004 as it is now . 
  also you might want to look into getting some friends if the word `` multiplayer '' automatically makes you think `` online '' . 
  i played a shit ton of nhl 96 , 98 , 2000 and all of them with two players using the same pc/playstation in real life . 
   as the lead designer my goal through most of the project was to make sure the gameplay did n't end up too complex , which resulted in simplifying many of the level dynamics and editor consequences . 
  i felt like we were already asking quite a bit from the players as we took them through the various level genres . 
  this was totally my judgment call and not even part of the agenda of the `` cute '' team , and certainly not the fault of chris hecker . 
  lack of resources given by ea was n't the reason the game did n't reach the potential of the original concept . 
  it was a design decision by wright himself . 
  i referred to it . 
  it 's the opposite of playing against ai . 
  and multiplayer is not synonymous with online multiplayer you poor lonely soul . 
  the target audience for sports games are people with friends . 
  people who play the games with their friends present in the same room using multiple controllers and one television . 
  that is the classic form of multiplayer you might have forgotten exists . 
  that 's one of the reasons why they 're only developed for consoles these days . 
  i do n't have friends who think online gaming did n't exist in 2004 or that same couch co-op/pvp does n't happen anymore so i do n't need to talk condesendingly to them . 
  ea was already sold on the tech demos and agreed to fund that project .
