  i felt like page 1 worked fine on its own and the second one was kinda unnecessary . 
  not the weather channel app but i 've purchased a weather app before on the sole basis that it had the nicest looking weather pictures when used with the lock screen . 
  except there is no way to prove any of it since it was in that state for about a minute without a mechanic looking at it or anyone taking pictures or anything before the thing got destroyed . 
  probably came down to how each person 's head and neck were the moment it landed on them . 
  being able to set a secondary language is no excuse for not being able to change the primary language freely . 
   feels ` fully prepared ' after killing 10 bulls on farm as practice, 
  i 'm surprised how well it worked, 
  you did n't know how to pronounce \u043d\u0435\u0442 before this week ? 
   europeans would come to north america , duh , because it has better career opportunities, 
   it 's surprising to think that developing talent might have to go to europe in order to progress in their careers . 
  except it 's a little different . 
  most europeans come to america because the absolute highest tier of play , the nhl , is there . 
  if you 're not yet nhl ready there are plenty of leagues in europe with a higher skill level than any non-nhl league in north america and that 's why it might very well be a good career move to get experience from a european adult league before going to nhl . 
  i 've been to both flint and newark ( even spent a few nights ) as a neutral foreign third party and can guarantee you they 're both absolute shitholes . 
  i do n't speak russian either but that 's the kind of thing you pick up pretty quickly from movies etc. 
  is n't 1000 the starting point ? 
  so literally all you need for a sub 1000 elo is to lose one game more than you 've won . 
  not really that amazing . 
  yeah this is what i expected when i heard people talk about dota vr spectating . 
  a 2d screen and some heroes standing around does n't really feel like a worthwhile thing to put the goggles on for imo . 
  are you old enough to be on the internet all by yourself ? 
  there 's a pizza place nearby that also did the same thing . 
  renamed from pizza paradise to pizza de paris . 
  seems legit , i do n't know why this guy is downvoted . 
  it was a performance enhancing drug before january 1st . 
  i just was n't a banned one . 
   allow me to set a threshold where if the user 's been blocked by x number of other people , i auto-block them, 
  taking muh reddit safe space to the next level, 
  that 's fucking bullshit though as comment chains are rarely private 1 on 1 conversations viewed by no one else . 
  people would abuse this constantly by getting into arguments , stating whatever they wish as `` facts '' then blocking the other person 's ability to respond to said `` facts '' . 
  this site 's format is already terrible for discussion and what you 're suggesting would make it even worse . 
  ca n't you relate to these modern people doing modern people things ? 
  nice job focusing on the content of my post instead of creeping my profile for previous comments . 
  the fact that cod ghost runs on 60 fps on ps4 and by all accounts keeps its frame rate extremely steadily at 60 fps kinda makes you look like a circle jerking fool . 
  that 's not how animations work . 
  they do n't make them hand by hand for each frame . 
  looks like a real city until you see that one building on the lower left that looks like the textures have n't loaded properly . 
  that mouse pad not being at the edge of the table is kinda triggering me, 
  it 's not the consumer 's responsibility to deal with software that does n't offer what they want just on the off chance that the added popularity will some day make what is already available on other platforms available there too . 
  it 's the most fun mode if you 're playing with a 5 stack even without being `` super serious '' . 
  but it 's usually pretty shitty if you que solo because you ca n't communicate like you can with a premade party in teamspeak or similiar . 
  the idea of least played is that you can practice heroes you have n't played on and everyone else would have the same `` disadvantage '' so there is no disadvantage . 
  i 've never played it and never will but i get the idea behind it . 
  i would much rather play with a stack of 4 than 4 other solo players . 
  at least with a stack of 4 they would likely play together and make reasonable team moves like push together , rosh together , pick with synergy etc. 
  yeah you would n't be the one calling the shots but if it 's 4 people and you what 's so wrong or terrible about following their lead ? 
  so you can pull it over the edge a bit and achieve optimal video gaming comfort . 
  how is it with a controller ? 
  i loved the original mcrae rally games and have n't really played rally games since except for the first dirt game but i do n't have a steering wheel anymore and they 're advertising this as a `` sim '' everywhere so how well does it play with a gamepad ? 
  yeah i 've been on and off subscribing for almost a decade . 
  definitely worth it even at the new rates . 
   an arm and a leg, 
  it 's like 6 euros a month, 
  i prefer the `` do n't think about it and it wo n't bother you '' method . 
  i feel pretty confident that late 90s/early 2000s fashion is one of those eras that will never make a comeback . 
  pretty much this . 
  i played a ton of lcs because at the time it was pretty mind blowing to have a full 3d gta game on a handheld but by the time vcs came out it had already lost its novelty and even as a huge fan of the series i just never really got into it . 
  like you said the writing and the mission quality definitely felt second grade like something they made the interns handle which is understandable given the very limited initial release . 
  i 'd gladly play them again now just like i replay 3/vc/sa every few years but they 're not even available on pc . 
  how fast is slowly ? 
  like the time it takes to go from full left all the way to full right ? 
  well that seems reasonable enough to be responsive but not give an unfair advantage to controller players . 
  yeah but that 's really any game of dota and if i 'm soloqueueing anyway i 'd much rather take my chances with a stack of 4 than 4 individual players when it comes to potential for teamwork etc. 
   almost adorable , i just want to hug him . 
  that 's the character/method he uses for all his movies or specials or whatever you wan na call them . 
  he plays blatantly oblivious to things around him and naive and a `` dumb foreigner '' which often helps people confide in him and reveal things they maybe otherwise would n't just to explain stuff to him . 
  for something to come back it must 've ended at some point first . 
  no mouse control though, 
  happened to me . 
  i bought 60 $ or so of bitcoin when one bitcoin was practically nothing and had something like 13 $ left over in the wallet . 
  it was worth about 300-400k when i remembered it existing but i had formatted my hard drive in the year before and did n't have the wallet code anywhere . 
  i did n't really look for it because i knew it was a lost cause . 
  no but a lot of those online wallet things just use a generated code instead of a login with a username and a password so your bookmark and/or text file where you saved it is likely stored on a hard drive since they are like 20 characters long . 
  what was i supposed to do ? 
  it 's not in my browser history and it was too long ago to try and dig up from the hard drive even with external tools . 
  i did n't save it anywhere because i did n't buy them for investment purposes but just to check out how bitcoins worked and considered the leftover 13 $ not enough to buy anything with nor worth the effort of converting it back to real money so i just left it be . 
  it 's not like i knew the price was going to skyrocket , it was pretty stable at the time . 
  i do n't see a single reason why . 
  yes , ice melts , but even when filling my entire 48cm bong with ice from the catcher up i can refill it with ice at least 2 times before there 's a risk of overflowing . 
  and more importantly to get the rocks out to freeze them/replace them you have to tilt the thing over anyway meaning you have to change the water regardless . 
  i think that 's the joke, 
  reddit is more accepting of fake tits than pretty much any other site i know . 
  people in general do n't like fake tits . 
  those are contacts even if she tells you they are n't . 
  probably because jokes about nicknames are lame and no one else on this sub knows about your jonas brothers drama, 
  the ingredient itself is n't that expensive but it 's commonly used so the restaurant can say it has gold in it and double the price . 
  i do n't play game modes with ai soldiers simple as that . 
  it is a valid argument though . 
  i watched the 10 hour giant bomb stream for both oculus and vive launch and while they did n't present it as a downside of the vive when comparing to oculus or anything like that they did still conclude that there simply is n't any software out there for the vive yet that would justify an entire dedicated room for it in a regular house people live in . 
  i think that is a valid concern and a downside of the entire technology that must be considered . 
  room scale can be fun to play with but it comes with a huge cost ( in terms of both money and space ) and there must be content to justify that added cost . 
  return of investment is a valid thing for gaming journalists to keep in mind and inform the consumer about . 
  depends on the game . 
  most vr games are labeled `` standing '' or `` seated '' and the game design and functionality is built around that . 
  in the giant bomb setup they had an area bigger than the minimum but smaller than the maximum and it definitely showed on almost every game that they would be more fun to play with a bigger area . 
  they rarely pointed it out but you could see it was a constant issue when games were understandably built to utilize that big maximum space that suddenly was n't there . 
  not to mention i could hardly even fit the minimum space in my city apartment if i left some safety leeway around the edges and room for the sensors . 
  how is it short sighted of me if i do n't want to play against bots ? 
  shooting in arma is difficult like it should be . 
  when i play pvp i know it 's difficult for the opponent too .
