  seems horribly awkward for a controller, 
  having layout where things are all over the screen in little squares instead of a straight list is terrible when using a d-pad . 
  it 's not like a mouse where you can just go straight to the one you want . 
  i can see how that would work . 
  i often use the care packages after dying anyway , do n't want to expose myself and risk a good beginning to a kill streak . 
  how about luongo vs thomas ? 
  i 'm wondering wether these are real or not and final . 
  on offense leafs has 92 , rangers 95 and blues 92 while capitals are 84 , tampa 85 and anaheim 78 . 
  seems a bit off . 
  also devils have a goalie rating of 75 . was n't it significally higher in 11 ? 
  weird, 
  but yeah you 're right, 
  not your personal army, 
  i was gon na vote anyway because i was feeling nice but the fb app is what did it for me . 
  i am yet to see a pic have this many points ( 3600 + ) especially this quick ( 3 hours ), 
  i recently discovered there are ads in the videos as well . 
  have n't seen one on my own computer though . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was an s awkward p thread . 
  thus the `` wrong thread '' . 
  open in tabs ? 
  how about just view them in the page ? 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://reddit.honestbleeps.com ) to the rescue !, 
  i 'm not american so i do n't know what 's appropriate but to me `` mentally disabled '' sounds like a vegetable with no brain activity . 
  like a vehicle is disabled if it can not move at all . 
  would n't `` handicapped '' or `` limited '' or something be a bit nicer . 
  i mean if you can draw a comic you 're not completely `` disabled '' . 
  or is it just a commonly used term ? 
   once a word starts being used as an insult it 's sort of disrespectful to keep using it in its original context, 
  if we were to follow this rule we should change our entire dictionary twice a year, 
  i do n't know because i never go to clubs . 
  i choose my own music . 
  i still think getting 100 or even 50 upvotes to something you made yourself feels a lot better than 1500 score on a random picture you found on the internet, 
  does it have a single player ? 
  are there any mp servers active ? 
  so ... is she a `` cute girl from work '' or your `` gf '' . 
  i 'm confused . 
  true , but us was n't really the point as much as being an english speaking country, 
  bigger deadzone is never , ever good, 
  i 'd like to meet this angelo mysterioso, 
  nope, 
  i 'm not offended by anything . 
  i just found it amusing that he referred to a person with a word i last heard used of a military vehicle that had been hit with an rpg . 
  so i take it it 's a traditional bf with mp against bots as the only sp ? 
  i like the music , i just wish it was n't so fucking loud . 
  too separate things . 
  i skip the avgn theme song every time . 
  unless it 's that awesome 90s eurodance remix . 
  way too long . 
  for the love of god we need it !, 
  one of the classics i certainly do n't mind seeing again, 
  well what if you 're not too high to read but you 're high and it 's just too long ? 
  i looked at the pic and focused on the guy first but in the corner of my eye i read chronic as well and though that was the joke, 
  the following line was the best part !, 
  alison scott : no ... 
  i just ... do n't . 
  ben stone : it is , like , the best medicine . 
  'cause it fixes everything . 
  jonah broke his elbow once . 
  we just ... got high and ... it still clicks but , i mean , he 's ok . 
  holy fuck i do n't know how i did that . 
  i apologize . 
  it 's beautiful, 
  define mad expensive . 
  i need to find one . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://fishki.net/comment.php?id=27681 ) a ton of pics . 
  i do n't know if keine beschreibung is her name or german or something . 
  i love you, 
  well there 's at least 44 photos of her . 
  i also found a bunch of pics on her on google with the name [ oliver marzischewski ] ( http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_le32q6ysfw1qd33kzo1_500.jpg ) . 
  seems like a photographer . 
   according to the national center on addiction and substance abuse ( casa ) , teens who use drugs are five times more likely to have sex than teens who do not use drugs . 
  and if you smoke weed that 's 5 % !, 
  when crytek created crysis they did n't really pay attention to the console port . 
  it 's really not all `` xbox 's fault '' . 
  i had the game freeze and a black screen the first 2 nights i spent near the spawn but not since . 
  and the game always saved the second it froze so no problem . 
  most games , both older and newer look a lot better than crysis . 
  i 'm not arguing with you . 
  i 'm just saying crytek did n't do the best job porting crysis to 360 . 
  the screenshots only show the difference between the two versions of this game , not the systems in general . 
  sometimes yeah , sometimes not . 
  today the game crashed 5-7 times in the first 15 minutes after which i played for 4 hours without interruptions . 
  idk why, 
   i 've never found it hard to pass up weed when i had shit to do . 
  what about those times when you do n't have anything to do and/or what you 're planning to do includes interaction with people who are stoned . 
  i love it . 
  but it does get you fucked up . 
  i actually did n't know there was a `` generate structures '' setting as i clicked on the premade new world after installing 1.8, 
  does anyone know if it 's is on by default ? 
  i do n't think it was an old map . 
  i just clicked on a world called `` new world '' and started playing . 
  it was the only one . 
  it was on but i did n't just not go into the options panel . 
  i skipped the `` create a new world '' completely and just loaded a world called `` new world '' that was already there, 
  the biomes definitely are n't old though . 
  and i have n't played sp on my computer before i think . 
  now that i think about it i do remember seeing a workbench next to spawn and i had two pieces of wood slabs in my inventory . 
  i just figured it was a pre-release and did n't mind it . 
  i did explore around the spawn thoroughly and could n't find any other signs of man made structures anywhere though . 
  it is possible that i have once started a game just to see it worked or something .
