  are you new to the internet ? 
  might as well close down every nsfw subreddit and the entire reddit while you 're at it . 
  i do n't want to take chances somebody postes cp to and incorrect subreddit, 
  well this exactly . 
  banning jailbait would n't help anything even if somene was flooding cp , but especially not before it even happens . 
  if somebody is going to post illegal kiddie porn , do you people really think he 's going to refrain because it 's not technically allowed in the subreddit rules ? 
  cp raid on r/pics is just as likely as r/jailbait . 
  if it 's true then i totally understand the banning . 
  btw do you know sites like 4chan or motherless ? 
  i 've seen probably 100-200 pics of cp in my life on those two sites alone ( have n't been looking for them though ) yet neither has been taken down by authorities . 
  i 'm guessing you have n't been surfing 4chan since 2004 ? 
  there was a time before spam or capcha or newfags . 
  and with a lot more cp . 
  i will sue you for filming child pornography . 
  i wo n't show the tape to anyone though because that would just be sick . 
  so . . where are these other people ? 
  it 's not that i do n't trust you but this is internet so nothing anybody says has any value unless backed up by something . 
  wow his `` safe area '' setting is really fucked up, 
  and r/beatingwomen consists of clips from movies and pics older than the internet . 
  what 's your point, 
  look at the minimap or the score or anything . 
  he clearly has n't adjusted it . 
  i 've averaged less kills with the rolling thunder than napalm . 
  also i do n't recall ever being killed by the rolling thunder because you get like a 10 second warning and with flak jacket you can just stand right under it without worries . 
  i recommend op to choose attack dogs with chopper gunner instead of gunship . 
  trigger the dogs about 30secs before the chopper and the enemies will be too busy to shoot you down . 
  i do n't think rc cars are as bad as people make them out to be . 
  i personally do n't use them but i have n't had any major trouble with them since i found flak jacket ( = 15 minutes after starting mp ) . 
  if you 're at 100hp they wo n't kill you and you can shoot them up without worries . 
  [ # 4 post on r/beatingwomen ] ( http://i.imgur.com/f2xna.jpg ), 
  i still consider a legit ollie to be the hardest ( basic ) trick . 
  it 's easy if you do the whole backwards sweeping motion but a clean one that just pops up is almost impossible . 
  `` at-risk '' sounds like a bunch mecical bullshit to keep you paying those sweet sweet dollars to your doctor but i 'm not gon na tell you what to do . 
  glad you enjoy r/trees , i do too, 
  some people use their thumbs ? 
  we always argued whether or not using 3 fingers was cheating . 
  yeah having orangereds reminding me of my newly found tech deck sitting on my desk at midnight while others are sleeping is not the most fun :(, 
  if you can do a controlled kick flip and ollie with consistency you have deserved the right to brag, 
  you might be right but it must be dead center because i 've survived explosions right under me countless times, 
  i do have a vague recollection of dying to them once or twice though, 
  holy shit that 's . . ugly, 
  i just ca n't picture that hand board thing without it looking extremely stupid :d, 
  how big was it , like a foot long ? 
  if you fill it that high wo n't you get water in your mouth ? 
  that pic is like a massive optical illusion . 
  there 's no way that bed should fit there . 
  he looks like the offspring of krang from tmnt and some alien from a horror movie, 
  no , they 're still very far away . 
  we 're not talking about any black edges but the placement of the hud . 
  [ this ] ( http://nappa.kuvat.fi/cod1.jpg ) is pretty much how yours is , similiar to the unadjusted, 
  [ this ] ( http://nappa.kuvat.fi/cod2.jpg ) is how correctly set up safe area looks like . 
  open them in separate tabs . 
  see the difference ? 
  now it might be that your tv/monitor crops out some of the borders and it does n't look the same while playing as it does in the recording . 
  that might be due to having the aspect ratio set to `` 16:9 '' or `` widescreen '' instead of just scanning . 
  of course all this varies between brands and models but that 's usually the case . 
  if you have an old crt they always crop some out . 
  anyway i suggest you try out the safe area setting in black ops and set it just a few pixels inside the borders of your screen . 
  lol i actually took some screenshots of my own to illustrate this and while i was fucking around you explained it for me , 
  i posted this [ exact video ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/jfan4/james_francos_sex_tape_disaster_and_conans/ ) with a very similiar title to this same subreddit a week ago and got * `` 8 up votes 3 down votes '' * [ okay face ], 
  upvoted for hilarity nevertheless, 
  haha . 
  that was n't even my kill , i just picked one of my recent games ( that i had joined late ) and fast forwarded to a random kill :p, 
   providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization, 
  aka planning to go to somalia for weapons training . 
  do n't get me wrong , you should n't fuck with terrorism , but i think 25 years is a lot for something he `` assumingly was going to do '' . 
  and even if he did manage to get there what would he had done ? 
  target practice and survival skills probably . 
  is that so much different from boy scouts teaching you to shoot a rifle ? 
  as long as he 's just training to be a soldier and not planning/executing actual terrorist acts i do n't think you can just blindly convict a 20-year old to jail for a quarter of a century for `` supporting terrorism '' . 
  i mean it 's a slippery slope . 
  you can just throw anybody in jail for associating with someone else . 
  who decides who 's a terrorist and who controls those people ? 
  i understand we must fight terrorism , but sometimes these things remind me of ( depressing ) sci-fi novels/movies/games where the people are oppressed by the government and everything is monitored . 
  yeah except i have n't seen her in like 4 years ... 
  i bet there are people in the u.s military who learned to handle a weapon in boy scouts . 
  remember that one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter . 
  thank you, 
  and you 're naive, 
  i do n't think i 've ever e-mailed files in my life . 
  except for a single . jpg or something . 
  they must leave a piece of undergarments hanging on the mirror when they leave the car, 
  yeah . 
  but i actually though james franco in the title would get all the girls ' clicks, 
  well i 'm not saying he 's totally innocent . 
  he probably belongs in jail , but i still think a punishment longer than the time he had lived is a bit harsh considering he did n't do anything concrete . 
  and i 'm more worried about all these `` terrorism laws '' in general , not exactly this one guy . 
  ok so he was definitely active in the organization . 
  i agree he belongs in jail , but still a 25 year sentence for a 20 year old for leaving empty cardboard boxes around sounds a bit harsh to my ear . 
  i understand there was more to it than just empty boxes but that 's the only reason he should be jailed at all . 
  i mean it 's a longer sentence than you get for murder in a lot of ( western ) countries . 
  i wonder how much of a contributing member of society he will be when he gets out . 
  i had `` conan 's hilarious reaction '' word to word in the title . 
  i just though i 'd attract female redditors by mentioning james franco :p, 
  well guys with girly nicknames who want to keep up their appearances, 
  english is my 3rd language . 
  i think i actually make less grammar mistakes in my posts than most native speakers . 
  it 's really not that hard to learn and i hate it when people use incorrect grammar/punctuation no matter what the language . 
  it 's only human to make one or two mistakes but the facebook status update english drives me nuts . 
  or writing all posts via the google translate,
