  i know a lot of people who prefer 50-50 . 
  the first time i smoked salvia i totally forgot that i had smoked it . 
  i did it in the balcony and returned indoors shortly after and everyone was like `` so . . how was it ? '', 
  and i had no idea what they were talking about and it fucking freaked me out how they were all asking questions and looking at me like something was out of the ordinary . 
  took me about 2-3 minutes to realize . 
  exactly . 
  i loved the premise and the surroundings but the game itself just did n't `` work '' for me . 
  even if she has changed since you still ca n't `` not blame her for any content in the video '', 
  found on cheggit, 
  teens like it big - lily carter, 
  atheists have a right to be dicks though, 
  as do bf3 players , the game 's designed for pc . 
  i mean 24 player multiplayer ? 
  come on . 
  just for the record i do n't even own a pc but choose not to buy bf3 for xbox because it would just be stupid . 
  how are they `` normal citizens '' if they 're abusing their powers ( that normal citizens do n't have ) for criminal purposes ? 
  i weigh the actual issues more than how it happens to be titled by some guy who has nothing to do with either the game or the mod and i think this would be awesome in vanilla . 
  it 's funny how when it 's a dude in the pic it 's just some random douche guy , no one 's offended, 
  but a girl ca n't be just a random person . 
  it 's a chauvinist attack against all women and womanhood, 
  70 euros ( $ 97.5 ) is the usual price for 3.5 grams here . 
  of course if you know a grower you can get it for 10-15 $ / g ( $ 48 - $ 73 an eight ), 
  shit sucks . 
  came here to post this . 
  especially if you got a led hooked up to it . 
  i want to see that . 
  i do n't know about the u.s or digiornos but is n't 2 for $ 10 kinda expensive for frozen pizza ? 
  you can get fresh pizza from a pizzeria for the same price, 
  if you 're trying to force your religion down my throat i will slam my door at your face faster than the motherfucking flash and i do n't think i 'm the one being impolite . 
  old games are shit compared to new games . 
  haters gon na hate but i truly believe this . 
  of course there are gems in every generation but if played now most of those old classics are just pretty simple and shitty . 
  of course now that gaming is a gazillion dollar industry there 's more casual shit than ever but if you choose wisely gaming has never been as much fun . 
  i do n't consider stupidity an excuse . 
  also when i was a kid and treated them politely they kept coming back . 
  i do n't think all cops are corrupt but i do think the fact that a person chose to go to police academy tells a lot about him . 
  a lot that i do n't like . 
  just the fact that the case is still open after the investigation and that they 're pressing charges is a disgrace . 
  i 'm more curious how you get to hang out and take smiling pictures with girls both before and after you `` rape '' them and only weeks later someone decides they were raped . 
  well police are the only ones who generally file reports about killing dogs . 
  if a normal civilian shoots their dog in their backyard do you think the newspapers or anyone will know ? 
  the older i have gotten the more i 've started to hate cops . 
  they were actually pretty ok to me when i was a kid . 
  have you actually tried to play the original half life in the last ~ 3 years ? 
  because i have and it was pretty goddamn shitty . 
  and i used to love that game . 
  well to be honest that does kinda look like it would suck . 
  having your dad dress up as a slutty peter pan and everything . 
  not hating gays but that would be awkward when they drop you off at kindergarten or something . 
  i recommend you staple to the ears instead of the skull . 
  easier to take off after halloween . 
  the `` nph '' played by nph in h&k is straight . 
  exactly my point, 
  i do n't really understand why you get all the upvotes and i get all the downvotes when we do n't even disagree . 
  it 's not a sexuality thing , it 's just a dad thing . 
  yeah but do they hang out with the `` rapist '' and take fb pose pictures together after the rape ? 
  but that way i would have to stand out in a crowd, 
  well ok you 're right shit has always existed . 
  just think of the unlicensed nes games and everything . 
  but i do think that the gameplay and variety of games has only gotten better over time . 
  true but i think the entire point of this submission is that some rapes are considered socially acceptable . 
  actually i had negative score before mentioning votes and 27 +16 after complaining :p, 
  reddit works in mysterious ways, 
   nobody objects to the pics of babies with milfs in sexy pirate/tinkerbell/whatever costumes . 
  i think that would be equally awkward, 
  yes it would, 
  `` slutty '' was more of a joke . 
  the point was a peter pan costume . 
  definitely glad about countryside but i did n't see any signs of lv or sf in the video . 
  would n't be surprised if they decided to just do a huge los santos like they did with liberty city from gta3 -  gta4 . 
  i just played sa again a few months ago and i have to not agree with you completely . 
  most of san fierro was never used in any missions , same goes for las venturas and even western los santos . 
  the three cities could had been utilized a lot better since they did have great potential . 
  in gta 4 there were n't many parts of the city where you would n't travel on at least one mission . 
  that is true, 
  san andreas was the state in which these cities were . 
  it 's a mix of california and nevada . 
   using a cord reduces input lag, 
  actually this is not true . 
  in 2003 it was but modern wireless technology can actually be a few fractions of a second faster than using a cord . 
  at the very least they have equal input lag . 
  it 's the best thing in the world . 
  you can drink outside and the party never ends . 
  if you 're seriously saying midnight sun is n't awesome you 've probably never experienced it . 
  yes i can !, 
  and my reddit password is censored as well !, 
  try it out !, 
   therefore , cops never drive with the foglights on . 
  since i heard this , i have never seen a cop with them on . 
  99 % of cars i see driving do n't have their foglights on, 
  i 'm not saying the costume is inappropriate . 
  i 'm saying if i was a kid having my friends see my dad in a peter pan costume is pretty god damn embarassing . 
  especially one like that . 
  yes there is . 
  i do n't know what it is or how it works but about 2 weeks ago my mom said that she had been instructed to plug her laptop into one of those docking station things at work because all the firefoxes would be updated . 
  you and your friends must be fun at parties, 
  why would he not ? 
  yes but the point is you could make a `` do n't drop the soap '' style joke in almost any context and get away with it . 
  a joke about black people raping women in parks at night is n't as easy to pull off . 
  when a man gets beat up it 's violence against a person,
