  you wo n't even have to select it separately , when you go there the os automatically switches to finder . 
  you can also right click on the finder logo and click `` open new window '' . 
  same amount of clicks as the hdd but like i said the dock is always on top unlike the desktop . 
  at first glance it looked like a kite . 
  i had an unlimited sms plan but removed it from my contract after whatsapp became a thing . 
  i rarely text message anyone except my parents anymore . 
  group chat is the reason i use whatsapp . 
  i do n't care about free sms , i used to have an unlimited plan before whatsapp . 
  now whatsapp is 95 % the reason i use my phone . 
  we have a group chat of about 25 friends and we talk shit/post pictures of anything funny ( or our food ) etc. 
  i can easily get 500 messages a day . 
  usually it 's around 200 though . 
  i do n't think facebook even has a group chat anymore . 
  we have the same group of friends as a facebook group but i do n't think it 's possible to group chat anymore . 
  which is retarded . 
  i love the auto-save but i do n't love how my phone shows random photos as fullscreen `` backgrounds '' of the menus when i go to the gallery . 
  like i 'm trying to show my mom a picture i took and a fullscreen image of my friend 's `` impressive poop '' shows up . 
  haha the way the cop is trying to get out of the situation as quickly and quietly as possible is an obvious tell he knows he 's in the wrong . 
   police had altered the guns to fire only blanks , but they could be converted back to lethal use and only a few of the roughly 30 firearms were recovered . 
  i 'm willing to bet that `` modification '' was loading the gun with blank ammunition . 
  enter some bullets and omg it 's converted back to lethal use . 
  lumia 920, 
  well you know those figurines are pretty common you just saw that picture on the internet and thought it was funny ... 
  two of my favourite teams !, 
  apparently `` they wanted size '' with konopka but i 'm definitely not a fan of the decision . 
  i thought the granlund-heatley-bouchard line worked well last night . 
  teemu is teemu but that second one was pretty much kuemper 's goal, 
  when i played nhl ( 10 ? ), 
  be a gm with ducks i 'd play every game with the 3rd jerseys . 
  that save on perry was beautiful, 
  being from finland where you need to know tons of people and call around all day and even then you might just have bad luck posts like this make me sad . 
  oh and `` good luck '' is when i get to buy random quality weed for 20 $ / g. 
  a bow and arrow !, 
  glad that commercial is not on the wild feed but i saw it a couple days ago in the mtl-tor game and it was truly terrible . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm not sure about the goalie choice either . 
  yeah it 's the 2nd game in two days but starting a rookie goalie who has n't seen much time in net against the hottest team in the west ? 
  especially when it 's a team that scores a ton instead of just focusing on defense . 
  in finland we do n't believe in dumbbells, 
  i was so happy when i learned that woman got banned from the stadium, 
  i read that as `` fuck fallopian '' and was wondering how so many people can be angry at . . fallopians ? 
  what 's the font ? 
  good casting . 
  stream seems laggy but could just be in my end since the chat does n't agree . 
   its not like every guy hops into bed cause we have vaginas . 
  no , but somebody always will . 
  that 's the key difference . 
  well i never said she had to . 
  but you see the problems are `` i ca n't get laid with anyone '' vs. `` i ca n't get laid with the person of my dreams '' . 
  not the same . 
  i just got the complete edition for under 20 $ a few weeks ago . 
  too bad it 's like numer # 8 on my list of xbox games still in plastic wrappers :(, 
  fans are pissed off because the league is caving under the pressure of the media . 
  in the last 2 weeks or so there has been a lot of talk in the media about the `` violence in hockey '' . 
  most of all about [ these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhqx1bfxnn4 ) two [ hits ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfcxs1jh2vy ) . 
  the first one was a late hit on a 17 year old , the second was a clean hit but caused a concussion . 
  people who have no idea how hockey works got all angry and the media jumped on it because nothing really happens in finland . 
  what really got the fans angry was how the league handled the latter of the hits posted above . 
  there was a review , they concluded that nordlund did n't leave his feet nor was the head the primary point of contact and did n't give him a suspension . 
  a couple days of headlines about `` hockey violence '' later they suddenly decided to retroactively give him a 2 game suspension . 
  i 'm a fan of the rival team ( the one with the player getting the concussion ) and i 'll be the first to admit it 's utter bullshit . 
  things like this are why people do n't watch sml anymore and just follow the nhl . 
  the main reason fans are angry is the lack of consistency in the decisions . 
  that and caving in to outside pressure . 
  sml does n't care what 's best for the sport , they only care about pr . 
  the way finnish media works is they get all worked up about something , report about nothing except for that one subject for anywhere between two days to a week and then move on . 
  people will forget and nothing will change . 
  it 's bullshit but that 's how it works when there are basically only two companies that own all the newspapers . 
  it did n't help that photographers took [ these ] ( http://hs12.snstatic.fi/webkuva/oletus/560/1305651091018?ts=11 ) [ photos ] ( http://img.yle.fi/urheilu/incoming/article6511154.ece/alternates/w960/ville_peltonen.jpg ) right after the injury where he looks basically brain dead . 
  even our president made a statement about it , that 's how big a part hockey has in the finnish culture . 
  but yeah it 's fucking ridiculous . 
  i too saw the image linked by op, 
  the ps3 updates take hours . 
  literally fucking hours on the same network that my xbox updates in less than a minute . 
  it 's not just my ps3 or internet connection , all my friends/girlfriends who have had the ps3 have had the exact same issue . 
  at least the eu servers for playstation suck dick . 
  not goth nor an amateur . 
  hot tits though . 
  `` darkest corners of the internet '', 
  also i did n't see anyone mentioning in the comments that it should run on os x and linux too . 
  gon na check it out later . 
  i know the guy below got downvoted for wording his message a bit offensively but it was pretty true . 
  i do n't know if/how the rise of popularity of coffee shops has affected this but american coffee is very mild compared to finnish coffee . 
  as a kid i like most finns was taught 1 scoop per cup + 1 scoop so 5 scoops for 4 cups etc. 
  when i saw americans making coffee it 'd be almost half of that . 
  this is not a `` who 's toughest '' competition , i do n't even drink coffee regularly myself , but it is relevant information as to why our coffee consumption is so high . 
  when we drink one cup we might consume twice or three times the amount of beans that people in other countries would . 
  buying 2kg of coffee every month did n't tip you off ? 
  ever seen mission impossible ? 
  i 'd much rather have the system i 'd have to replace , even though my xboxes have never broken down . 
  even if they did the replacement would probably be free , if not new 360 's are cheap as dirt these days . 
  even if it was 100 % certain to break down in a few years i 'd still gladly pay that little extra for better service . 
  just like i 'm glad to pay 30 $ a year for xbox live after using the psn . 
  problem ? 
  i do n't see a problem with openly sharing your opinions without caving into the social norms , even if those opinions were seen as not politically correct . 
  default subreddits are shit though , i guess that 's something we all agree on regardless of world views . 
  the `` perfect temperature '' for brewing coffee is between 90-92 celsius . 
  of course the equipment and beans etc. 
  may affect this but around 90 is good . 
  also it only takes 10-20 seconds or so for the beans to release all the `` good stuff '' and caffeine and after that you mostly get the bitter taste .
