   has n't that been the issue the entire time ? 
  no , that 's been the excuse the entire time . 
  you can buy servers with money . 
  it 's not an mmo or anything like that where the actual server infrastructure and user communication etc. 
  would require anything out of the ordinary . 
  it 's simply a matter of being too cheap to buy or rent enough hardware to deliver on a promise . 
  or maybe sony backed out when they realised they have no other games to sell . 
  either way the promise ca n't be fullfilled anymore like the article claims . 
  the promise was a `` free '' ( included in a paid service ) game at launch , not a year after launch . 
  giving old titles for `` free '' to paid members is nothing new , they 've been doing it for over half a decade . 
   way to punish people who bought the game . 
  `` i paid money for something i was supposed to get for free . 
  now if they fulfil their promise i 'll feel cheated because i was already suckered into paying . '', 
  great logic there , sets a great example for sony how to treat their customers in the future . 
  this has got to be a joke , right ? 
  someone on / r9k / got mad for crashing the pepe index and now has bots voting these 50 year old forwards from grandma to the front page , right ? 
  she looks older than 8, 
  if you want honest feedback the constant fade to blacks were really unnecessary . 
  they just felt like they were slowing the video down which is usually not a good thing in a highlight video . 
   honestly , nothing you say makes any sense . 
  if you have a smidgen of a shred of a fiber of economic sense , and money is a focus for you , you will not be a student longer than you have to . 
  hahaha . 
  finland is full of what we call `` eternity students '' . 
  they 've been cracking down on it for the past decade because it became a huge issue but the old rules are grandfathered based on when you started your studies so you still see tons of university students who 've been `` studying '' for 10 + years and have no plans to do otherwise . 
   just give the hardcore conservative gig a rest, 
  lol . 
  i 'm not even close to conservative . 
  not everyone who does n't think welfare should be doubled is a `` hardcore conservative '' who preaches capitalism , goes to church and worships the united states . 
  disclaimer though : if you got bored of dead island quickly like a lot of people did you will get bored of dying light too . 
  it is better , but still largely the same . 
  i find it hard to believe anyone 's pulling his strings . 
  he 's just the average internet moderator with poorly if not all developed social skills who made a bad judgement call and is now panicing and in complete denial because aforementioned lack of social skills has n't prepared him to the real world where you sometimes have to admit you were wrong . 
  sounds pretty realistic tbh, 
  do n't leave it unattended, 
   if they are really that stuck on this idea that a game just has to run above 30 fps to be enjoyable, 
  hahahahaha enjoy being in denial . 
  this game is a fucking atrocious pc port and even if it runs `` fine '' on ps4 for ps4 standards ( it actually looks better on ps4 which is already a huge warning sign ) i will never buy a product from a company that thinks it 's ok to treat customers this badly . 
   i only own consoles i do n't come here for pc shit . 
  i own a pc and a ps4 , i do n't come here for `` i only own consoles '' shit . 
  there 's varying degrees of garbage . 
  i honestly ca n't remember the last major title that was this bad of a pc port . 
  why would that be exactly what this sub is for ? 
  tons of people are n't limited to just one platform . 
  there 's nothing in the rules that says this sub is for people who only play on ps4 . 
  i have n't gotten mad at anyone . 
  but for the past decade pc has been setting the highest standard for gaming among all platforms . 
  to ignore that because `` i do n't own one so i do n't care '' is only hurting the consumers themselves . 
  can you suggest a good co-op game on the ps4 ? 
  i 'd love to play one . 
  i do n't `` come here for just that '' . 
  i did n't even comment on the pc version , i replied to a guy who said he does n't care about pc , that 's it . 
  this one of the 200 subs i 've subscribed to and a post from here pops up on my front page that even mentions the pc game in the original post but i 'm prohibited from answering to a guy in the comment section already talking about the pc version since this is a ps4 sub ? 
   you 're coming here just to tell everyone how pc is better and we should n't lower ourselves to play shit on consoles . 
  inferiority complex much ? 
  i never said any of those things . 
  you 're putting words into my mouth to have me `` prove your point '' . 
  all i said was that many ps4 owners own a pc as well and even those who do n't should care what 's happening in pc gaming since these same companies publish games for the ps4 as well . 
  yeah me too . 
  i always assumed ps4 owners would be the most concerned about the lack of games for the ps4 since they are the ones affected by it . 
  i know me and my irl friends who all decided to go with ps4 's this `` generation '' are annoyed by it . 
  but judging by some angry ( and hilarious ) pms this sub is apparently / r/ps4circlejerk where only happy thoughts about the console are allowed . 
   free, 
  if something is included in a paid subscription and advertised as such it 's not free . 
  that 's like saying all the movies on netflix are free . 
  because it `` works '' as described in the title and most people do n't look in the comment section, 
  towerfall actually looks like it could be fun if it was n't for the artstyle . 
  back when i still played cod games i remember starting up the campaign , shooting 3 enemies , realizing it 's like bot practice for multiplayer and never going back to story mode . 
  those games are designed around multiplayer and always have been . 
  even cod 1 and uo were primarily played for the multiplayer in a time when high speed internet was n't as common as now . 
  saying it 's `` sad '' people do n't play the story is like saying it 's `` sad '' when people do n't touch the hastily put together multiplayer in singleplayer focused games because these days every game needs a multiplayer ( eg spec ops the line ), 
  really ? 
  that 's kind of the problem with the 2 card system , it always has been . 
  to be a disgrace to the sport it should be something not commonly seen . 
  an integral part of the sport ca n't be a disgrace to the sport . 
  not really . 
  the last thing i want is losing a deciding round by half a second because i did n't spot the bomb . 
  it 's not stealing . 
  it 's called crossposting . 
  not like the / r/4chan submitter wrote it themself either . 
  i originally had [ x-post from r/4chan ] in the title but the autobot demanded i tag it as a screenshot . 
  i subscribe to / r/gaming as well . 
  i also subscribe to / r/ps4 / r/xbox360 / r/games / r/pcgaming and a bunch of other video game related subreddits . 
  did you have a stroke while writing the latter half of your message ? 
  not even close . 
  the pc port had issues with it 's netcode but it did n't look worse and run worse than the console versions . 
  no , it is n't . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible to spot the bomb with a skin , i 'm saying it might make a small difference . 
  with something like picking up a scout because the owner renamed their skin to awp it 's within acceptable boundaries because stuff like that rarely decides rounds . 
  bombs and defuse timers however do . 
   full razer gear, 
  when did razer become some sort of luxury gear ? 
  razer is mediocre gaming accesories at best . 
   nade skins would be pretty cool too . 
  that would make dodging flashes even more difficult than it is now , no thanks . 
  it 's not , but at least it 's consistent . 
  the light also flashes instead of being on constantly . 
  like i said it would n't make spotting the bomb impossible , but it could make the difference it situations where tenths of seconds decide a round which are especially common if you play on a 35 second bomb timer like the game is supposed to be played . 
  ps4 's lack of games . 
  i do n't know about you but i 'm not exaggerating when i say the only times i 've turned on my ps4 in the past 6 months is to play bloodborne . 
  an amazing game but sadly a rare occurance these days .
