  yeah somebody already told me about this . 
  luckily i do n't live in a country where this would be legal . 
   there 's no trickery involved . 
  everyone who has been in america for more than 5 minutes already knows to expect to have to pay tax . 
  yes but that does n't change anything . 
  you still only know that some amount of money will be added to this and not specifically how much your item will cost . 
  there is no was to justify this . 
  and to your other part , no they would n't . 
  they could leave the computer system completely as it were , there is no need to change anything . 
  just the price on the labels in the store . 
  the computer still reads the barcode which could read the same old taxless price for all i care . 
  people do n't read the barcodes anyway . 
  [ sean connery disagrees ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fgmlrotqj0 ), 
   i do n't necessarily agree with you but i ca n't see any real reason anyone should argue against your opinion . 
  because it 's selfish . 
  no one who 's pro choice is forcing abortions on people who do n't want them and it 's not the other way around . 
  one side is for right to choose for yourself ( see : freedom ) , while the others are for government regulation because the bible knows better than you . 
  that 's the difference . 
  well then you 're pro-choice , you 're choice is just not to have an abortion . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
   im ashamed to be a associated with people who say these kinds of things, 
  you can always leave, 
  do n't get me wrong , i was n't trying to imply that you 're undermining others ' contributions or anything and i 'm not angry like that canadian guy appears to be . 
  but , you know , the u.s really only helps other nato members . 
  not all of europe is a part of nato . 
  my country has n't gotten a single thing from the u.s ( after ww1 , we even turned down the marshall plan money ) nor should we have . 
  we 're wasting our own money preparing to some hypothetical war we could n't win anyway . 
  meanwhile schools are shut down and you have to wait months for medical procedures . 
  pisses me off . 
  no , but i doubt he 's even tried . 
  no we 're not, 
  i 've never seen one either but i everybody knows the term :d, 
  it 's 1 click on a computer with a software you can download for free . 
  have n't tried it in blops ( or elsewhere more than that one time in the name of science and curiosity ) but yeah . 
  please tell me more . 
  my hdd 's have both broken already so i use usb 's already . 
  i sometimes need my gold account on the 2nd console and so far i 've always had to recover and dl the entire profile every time . 
  are you saying i can just switch the usb sticks and it will work ? 
  the 360 does require a `` quality '' fast usb stick to function properly though , so do n't get the cheapest one . 
  kingstons have worked fine but those free ones you get ~ everywhere do n't . 
  chocolate ice cream with a coconut caramel swirl ( 9 % ) and chocolatey covered coconut caramel crunch pieces ( 8 % ) . 
  or , you know , just grow a pair of balls . 
   davis did not have the required money to purchase a patent, 
  anyone have any idea how much it cost ? 
   if you 're under eighteen she has every right , legal and moral , to tell you what to do . 
  yes she does , but that does n't mean she could n't be a bitch, 
   as a stepmom , what have you contributed ? 
  we do n't typically start out raging bitches . 
  all women are born raging bitches, 
   what if the dogs got into his trash when there was chocolate in it . 
  the dogs would have died . 
  no they would n't have . 
  people exaggerate this bullshit myth so much . 
  sure , chocolate is n't good for dogs but it 's not like they 'll be instakilled . 
  we had a labrador that once ate 16 ( big ) chocolate cupcakes with chocolate chips and he was just fine . 
  other dogs have eaten chocolaty shit too without any problems . 
  i mean they run around the woods all day chewing on every single thing they can find . 
  it 's not like they 'll die from a piece of chocolate . 
  yeah except i would n't want my wife to go to jail even if she technically broke the law . 
  good luck getting a job to support the family with a recent assault charge . 
  everybody loses . 
  well fuck you too , i 'm not your friend just because we like using the same drug, 
  do n't pretend like this thread would n't exist if a democrat was caught in an awkward pic like that . 
  i did n't even know he was republican lol, 
  i 'm not sure if this is based on something in the news recently or not but it 's funny either way because you can totally relate, 
  some good shooting but i 'm really not sure about those perk selections with fal , the map and ffa, 
  m.w.i.l.f ? 
  exactly . 
  even in the original threads a few days back everybody `` explained '' how the sales taxes differ around the country or state etc. 
  ** a store does n't move across county lines **, 
  we 're only talking about the piece of paper label in the store , not online prices or coupons or any of that . 
  just the tiny paper that 's printed by employees inside the store . 
  would be just as easy to print the real price . 
  well it 's the exact same thing now . 
  you wo n't pay 24,99 now either , only difference being you only find out the final price at the counter and not while standing in the aisle . 
  you do n't round the individual items , you round the final price . 
  for example in some euro countries the total can only end in . x0 or . x5, 
  but if you have a two 1,02 items the final price is 2,05 and not 2,00, 
  if you 've ever lived in a country where the price on the label is the actual price you 'll pay you realize how fucking retarded the u.s system is . 
  especially as a kid . 
  it was n't fun when my mom gave me $ 2 to buy candy with and then finding out out they actually cost like 2.20 or something even though i was extra careful picking them . 
  this is like the 20th time i 've read something on r/apple that made me glad i chose not to upgrade, 
  e. oh and thanks incorrect_idiom , did n't know that, 
  as it does in any os x with spaces . 
  you can also change the button in the spaces settings, 
  and i thank you, 
  i 've never played dota , but i might have to start now, 
  yeah the wasp could have lived a happy life with his wife raising a son and daughter . 
  animals eating animals is just wrong . 
  the non-cameraman sounded so stupid throughout the whole video, 
  what else except cigarettes is labeled on the package ? 
  and if there 's a ( non-tax ) label on the package what stops you from putting a label with the actual price in the store next to it just like with any other product ? 
  go away, 
  it would n't require any extra money , material or labor . 
  they already print out the paper labels and place them next to the items . 
  next batch would just have a different number . 
  no she is n't . 
  i 'd still hit it though . 
  the photoshopped one is so much hotter , and i 'm usually not even into fake bodies . 
  original is just `` meh '' , i would n't look at it for longer than a second .
