  i think you 're taking a `` fuck you bitch '' a little too seriously if you start reporting it . 
  but whatever , it 's not like the player rep thingy on xbox live even affects anything . 
  yeah i can see how that could be seen as awkward . 
  i usually respong to wall posts but they 're pretty rare since i prefer the chat . 
  if someone posts on my wall publicly like that it 's usually something like a funny picture or something meant for everyone . 
  personally i think it 'd be kinda awkward having facebook show all my friends conversations between me and my so . 
  besides privacy makes conversations often more interesting . 
  i see some of this cheesy shit on facebook and it just makes me cringe but i guess it comes down to a choice of person . 
  yes it is but you have to enable something in terminal . 
  i 'd love to help but since you only have to do it once it 's been a while , try googling `` dashboard widgets onto desktop '' or something . 
  e. `` open the terminal and type defaults write com.apple.dashboard devmode yes and press return . 
  then logout and log back in again . 
  now debugging mode is activated . '', 
  it 's a monthly repost, 
  yeah i upvote every bacon donut pic i see yet i 've never tasted one and really would n't want to tbh, 
  :( so there is no midget hockey ? 
  i 'm actually pretty proud of that picture . 
  1st try after like 4 bowls of solo, 
  been there, 
  no one 's gon na show up, 
   to be fair , half of america did n't give a fuck . 
  there 's something seriously wrong with your country if half did, 
  has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
  itt people who have n't had anal sex, 
  [ smiling face in the 4th panel ] ( http://i.imgur.com/unmyl.png ) ca n't be unseen, 
  it 's still better than getting her pregnant with the rapists baby . 
  sure there might be some uncomfortable hornomal changes but they wo n't last for 18 years . 
  you do n't need a new planet , you just need new friends, 
  i 'm just saying if i got raped i 'd much rather be forced to slallow a plan b pill than kept locked in a room where i could n't have access to one or anything along those lines . 
  well because life does n't always have an option c dickface . 
  do n't get all offended because i 'm stating a simple opinion of lesser evils . 
  according to the story he 's like 50 years old . 
  i doubt he needs internet relationship assistance with this one . 
  no matter how many times i look at this i still have no idea what 's really going on . 
  he slides on his head and gets dizzy while the other guy dances around ? 
  it 's not like your dad was sent there on their land to kill them , right ? 
  i have very hard time believing these comics . 
  first of all i now own a vape of my own ( arizer solo ) which is way better than the mflb btw so i 'm not `` against vaping '' or anything . 
  i love it . 
  but it took me a few tries before i could really even feel the vape high . 
  and even now ~ hundreds of vaping sessions later there 's still absolutely no chance of reaching a '' [ 10 ] '' like from smoking . 
  i like vaping , i enjoy the lighter buzz , but this image of `` vapes get you fucked up '' on r/trees is just plain wrong . 
  getting offended because someone praised the ingeniousness of people protecting their own land is idiotic , no matter who you knew from which side . 
   he did n't exactly have a choice in the matter, 
  i 'm yet to marry anyone in the game but i have two ( 2 ) amulet of maras ? 
  will i be able to marry two people ? 
  what about if something happens to the first , will the second amulet work or are you only able to marry once in skyrim ? 
  the people i 'm referring to are n't the ones that were lazy in school . 
  i 'm talking about people generally from foreign cultures with literally close to zero education that come here and are integrated into the educational system like they would be on the same level as their local counterparts of same age ( not including language of course ) . 
  i 've seen this happen and it never leads to good results but questioning it is apparently racism . 
  i 'm not saying their brains are `` less-developed '' as in not full blown human brains . 
  i 'm saying since birth their brains have been trained less , they 've had less opportunities to be challenged and focused on . 
  they 've been developed less , they 're less-developed . 
  i hope you understand . 
  i 'm not looking down on anyone or organizing a master race . 
  i 'm just wondering why is it ok to say lifting weights builds muscle , running increases your stamina but when it comes to training your brain it 's suddenly a taboo and to even talk about it out loud is discrimination and everything else bad you can think of . 
  actually in 1977 they were all pardoned by jimmy carter, 
  i 'm just posting this circlejerk comment for all future big screen readers who are also terrified of your low resolution . 
  yeah every gw post probably gets it 's share of these comments but that body really is the perfection for me . 
  in my defence i rarely comment on gw, 
  i 'm one of those 300 because this post contains way too fucking much text in a comic format to tell any story, 
  [ iq and the wealth of nations ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iq_and_the_wealth_of_nations ) is a book that 's focus is pretty close to the issue at hand . 
  now i wo n't comment on whether or not the methods used to determine the iq scores are accurate or fair but that 's not my point . 
  you probably ca n't read finnish but the finnish version of that arcticle ( you can try google translating it ) talks about the media outrage the publishing of that book caused . 
  translation : `` minority representative ( this is an official title ) mikko puumalainen stated that claims of a lower iq [ in african countries ] itself are slanderous and enough for a criminal investigation . '', 
  yeah . 
  the `` central police '' did consider starting an investigation but they found he was protected by freedom of speech . 
  when i lived in the states my foster father was a two-time vietnam veteran . 
  i live in a country with military conscription ( like draft except every man must train for 6-12 month after they turn 18 ) . 
  i 'm yet to fill my `` civic duty '' and do n't intend to . 
  if a war breaks out i 'll most definitely desert my country . 
  so god 's booty call ? 
  i do n't think modern chirstianity really is a monotheist religion . 
  at least it 's stretching it . 
  if we head about satan in some foreign religion we 'd probably consider him to be a `` god of evil '' or deceipt or something along those lines . 
  many ancient beliefs had a similiar character . 
  it 's not so much a taboo here either when talking about finnish only . 
  most people will agree that a college graduate from mechanical engineering is probably smarter than someone who never attended high school ( not mandatory here ) . 
  it 's when you take the conversation to an international level that it suddenly becomes not okay . 
  except if those foreigners are american , because everyone knows americans are stupid , right ? 
  everyone is always criticizing the american educational system and it 's effects on the people but if you point out it 's still light years ahead of african education for example and that all africans do n't even get that then all of a sudden education has no effect on intelligence . 
  sorry but i 've traveled practically every country in western europe in addition to living here for 21 years and i 'm yet to see a bidet like that . 
  i have seen the seperate bides though ( never used them ) and some countries like finland often have a smaller shower head next to the toilet you can use for similiar purposes . 
  they 're called pillupuhelin = pussy phone . 
  well it 's always active , during peacetime you train for 6-12 months , you 're given your probable wartime deployment location and then you wait in reserve until something happens . 
  every 5-10 years or so they might ask you to return to train for like a week or so . 
  i lied to get myself out , i have no interest in serving in any country 's military . 
  now this i will agree with . 
  downvoted the submission for the title . 
  in finland we never even used the 1/2 cent coins . 
  they 're valid currency but all the prices are rounded to the nearest .05, 
  i really see no reason why the u.s would n't do this . 
  i have n't have this happened to me since the early 90 's and i always leave batteries in . 
  i just found my gameboy color that had been lost for nearly 10 years , was surprised that not only were the batteries fine they still had charge in them . 
  no it has n't . 
  it 's just newfags on reddit that do n't know what it means . 
  they 're pretty much all funny unless there 's a chance they 'll one day be your leader, 
  i love how every other quote has only upvotes , and then comes the guy with the knee joke . . 
  well i do n't know about that one . 
  if you know what you 're doing you can easily make more money meeting 3-4 people a day , each taking like 5-10 minutes than you would in 8 hours of working .
