   if there were not ps + games , some indies gems would have never shine . 
  except most of those have already gone through humble bundles and steam sales etc. 
  being practically free . 
  if you 're going for the types of games offered for ps4 on psn + aka year old indie games you can get a whole bunch of those for much less than $ 50 on pc . 
  same games are regularly on humble bundle for less than $ 1, 
   one beer , from about 3 $ for the cheapest `` beer '' in a dive pub . 
  in the center it will be more . 
  i do n't doubt that there is some place you can find a 3 $ beer in helsinki but that 's really an unrealistic expectation . 
  5 $ is what you should prepare for because in the center you 'll easily spend 6.50 $ . 
  and i 'm talking about the regular shit quality pisswater finnish keskiolut . 
   he outweighed it by a pretty healthy margin . 
  yeah monkeys are known for abiding to weight classes . 
  are you seriously saying a human should n't protect itself against an attacking wild animal because it 's not a fair fight ? 
  that 's fucking nature . 
  because witcher 3 was genuinely a good game ( i 've heard , not a fan of the series ) where as this is obviously a meme award . 
  it 's so quirky and cute and funny haha it 's a shooter but it 's paint oh my god goty !, 
  i 'd like to see a shooter with 2 maps , 3 games modes , no dedicated servers , no private lobbies , no voice chat and extremely limited variety and customizability when it comes to the gameplay win any awards if it did n't have the `` omg so random xd '' card up its sleeve . 
   however , my favorite part about this is how salty the other games ' subs were/are , delicious . 
  i honestly have n't noticed a word about the awards on any game 's subs ( regardless of genre ) unless there was a post that said game won something . 
  yes i do because the cost of the toy is factored in to what the manufacturer asks for the whole product which determines the final price at the supermarket . 
   but usually a main halo game release gets at least a lot of discussion when it 's awards time . 
  i know halo 2 and 3 certainly did . 
  you 're comparing apples to oranges . 
  halo 2 and 3 were hugely popular games in a series that was the hot shit at the time . 
  halo 5 is an attempt at squeezing the last pennies out of a franchise that the original developer has long ago abandoned and has been transferred to a new unknown developer that was literally founded just to keep milking the halo name . 
  halo 2 & 3 were mainstream , halo 5 is for whatever remains of the most enthusiastic fanboys of the series . 
  yeah it 's not like maps are the most important thing when it comes to an online shooter . 
  oh wait i forgot . 
  it was actually the lack of pay 2 win elements . 
  a casual family friendly shooter that lacks core features demanded from any publisher other than nintendo should n't win the shooter of the year award . 
   pc has more problems like crashes and requirements, 
  that is just simply not true . 
  all modern multiplatform titles suffer immensely on consoles . 
  just this week just cause 3 was released with loading times over a minute long on ps4/xo and frequent fps dips down to 15 . 
  meanwhile on my pc load times are 2-3 seconds and fps stays permanently above 60 . 
  also i was n't talking about early access games . 
  practically all of the ps4 indie titles have pc versions and more often than not the pc version is an update or two ahead . 
   and ps4 black friday sale and the one before were a beast . 
  they were a fucking joke compared to steam sales . 
  10 % or 20 % off . 
  meanwhile steam sales are -50 % to -80 % on just as new titles . 
  and the base prices are much lower too . 
  making voice chat obsolete by making the game so casual that it would hardly help is like fixing an issue with an even bigger issue . 
   ` lacked core features ' ? 
  voip , party matchmaking , private games , dedicated servers etc. 
  these are all fundamentals demanded from any other publisher except suddenly when it 's nintendo people give them a pass because nintendo 's online features have always been utter garbage so now it 's acceptable for them to be garbage ? 
   it discourages binge sessions, 
  you need the game to hold your hand and artificially limit or discourage your play sessions because you as an adult ca n't be trusted to make the decision what is a healthy amount of video gaming in one session ? 
   it does n't have voice chat , it does n't need it . 
  the game is so goal oriented that it does n't take a genius to see the map and go ' i should paint that my colour ' . 
  this is the stupidest thing ever . 
  counterstrike is pretty damn goal orientated too . 
  you have 1min45s to complete the objective or you lose . 
  yet nobody would even imagine playing the game without voice comms . 
  same goes for any shooter be it cod or quake or battlefield . 
  you ca n't play a team based online shooter to their full potential without voice comms . 
   it did n't launch with team matchmaking , again this is nintendo building a community and you should be able to play with everyone, 
  this makes no fucking sense either . 
  having parties does n't mean you 'll only play with those certain people . 
  and not having parties is not because it `` builds community '' , it 's because nintendo is still 20 years in the past and does n't understand what people want in an online game . 
  allowing you to play with your friends and making new friends and continuing to play with them is what builds communities . 
   in fact griefers were mainly groups whose friends were n't in their team so they bullied strangers til they would leave, 
  so what you 're saying is if they had been allowed to queue together this griefing and bullying would n't have happened ? 
  what a surprise !, 
   splatoon came out in june and its still being actively talked about, 
  i had n't heard a word about it since 2 weeks after launch until this post . 
  i 'll consider buying a nintendo console when they get over the wacky gimmick phase and start making serious products again that can compete with their counterparts . 
  how so ? 
  i did n't criticize the game for being colorful . 
  i criticized it for lacking features like private games , party matchmaking , voice communications , dedicated servers , custom lobbies etc. 
  that are expected from any online shooter regardless if they 're rated r and have no colors other than grey or cute flowers and waterguns . 
  not to mention the lack of map and gun variety . 
  any other publisher would get btfo by criticts for these shortcomings but it 's nintendo so the bar get 's set wayyyy lower since their online features always suck and all of a sudden it 's acceptable to be lacking all these core features because it 's cute and colorful and you ca n't expect better from nintendo . 
  the gamecube did n't have a different target demographic from ps2 . 
  the n64 did n't have a different target demographic from ps1 . 
  and those consoles were amazing with tons of great exclusives without being technologically crippled when it came to performance or multiplatform titles . 
  i really do n't see why nintendo could n't release a console that 's not 10 years in the past and still keep its own quirky franchises afloat . 
   the main goal of splatoon is to cover ground , if you see ground that is n't ... change that , does n't require precision strategy . 
  and this is the shooter of the year ? 
  sounds great for a kids game , but sounds like an insult to the industry to call it the shooter or the multiplayer game of the year . 
   actually yeah , because it dared to challenge conventions and it did so with nintendo charm . 
  in other words it was colorful and cute , yet as you and others have repeatedly pointed out lacked any depth or strategy . 
  is that really commendable ? 
  a game that looks nice but under the surface is extremely shallow , simple and repetetive ? 
  i thought we were still on the phase where graphics should n't matter and the core gameplay was the most important thing games should be judged on . 
  battlefield 1942 with wake island in the demo . 
   there was n't no f2p shit back then . 
  there was tons of freeware though . 
  naive for knowing what a beta actually was up until the last ~ 5 years ? 
  imo if you consider your product far enough in development to ask for money you should also accept critique . 
  and the business model and their lack of communication about it does seem sketchy as hell . 
  i think you get a cosmetic skin for pre-purchasing . 
   the vast majority of gamers does n't dabble in pre-release content . 
  simply not true . 
  the vast majority of gamers consider the first moment a game becomes available to purchase/play be the `` release '' . 
  games have had alphas and betas as long as game development has been serious business . 
  open betas have been a thing for at least 2 decades after high speed internet started spreading . 
  and have you ever heard of expansion packs ? 
  not to mention people used to download cd cracks for their legally purchased games just to save them the hassle of inserting the cds . 
   but claim there wo n't be any dlc or microtransactions,
