  actually iran - nigeria and japan - ivory coast ( i was tired , nothing to do with the teams ) . 
  oh yeah but i saw all those endings , all you need to do is load the last/second to last save , nothing before that has any effect . 
  only if there 's a strict time limit . 
  pressing the space bar on your keyboard 1000000 times is time consuming , not very challenging . 
  and in europe coca-cola manufactures dr. pepper ( according to that same article and this empty bottle i found in my kitchen ), 
  it says `` manufacturer '' . 
  why would they bottle it if they did n't manufacture it ? 
  why would they do the those things at separate locations ? 
  that still does n't happen if you brushed the same morning . 
  or week . 
  who the hell cares ? 
  since when did someone else drinking while under the age become `` rageworthy '' ? 
  most people have done it . 
  but she 's the passenger, 
   people who watch football once every 4 years seem to think, 
  ftfy, 
  obviously he did n't , that 's why he asked . 
  i think the joke was that the man laughing would get his ass beaten , unless he 's bigger than the one crying . 
  this joke probably predates internet where we can safely make fun of everybody from the comfort of our own basement . 
  dogs are better company than people . 
  i barely watch football at all outside of the wc/ec/cl playoffs and i 've been aware of this guy since 2011 . 
  knowing about him before his move to a big team in europe ( porto , 2010 ) was hipster but he was transferred for 45m $ over a year ago . 
  it 's pretty impossible to follow football on any level and not know him . 
  so basically the recipe is `` dough '' . 
  thanks . 
  the stories and information posted here are artistic works of fiction and falsehood . 
  only a fool would take anything posted here as fact . 
  haha we were the total opposite . 
  i 've played every bf , i played mostly with vehicles and depspite that i absolutely love bc2 . 
  i think it 's the best battlefield ever made . 
  and i played tons of 1942 and bf2 . 
  64 players maps are nice , but well planned and balanced map design always beats raw numbers . 
  for me it 's the map design . 
  i loved 1942 and i loved bf2 even more but those games purely relied on 64 players making chaos . 
  bc2 took a different approach with more streamlined maps and introduction of rush mode . 
  conquest which had always been the best ( / only ) game mode was suddenly garbage compared to rush . 
  we longer no had solo squads capturing flags on their own but squads working for a single objective together , yet separate . 
  it 's a different kind of game , and i understand if someone prefers the larger maps of bf2 . 
  i prefer quality over quantity , bc2 had amazing map design despite having smaller maps . 
  the thing is those gta4 dlc 's cost about 25 $ when they were new . 
  definitely worth the price , but online heists were a promised feature of gta5 . 
  not gta5 dlc . 
  they have added a lot of guns and cars etc. 
  to the game , for free . 
  possibly , but more likely he 's a random redditor who 's seen this same idea posted about a dozen times . 
  after 25-100mbps it does n't really make a difference . 
  not many sites/servers allow downloading faster than 10 mb/s . 
  in video games you can get the same experience with a 10mbps . 
  p2p is the only thing where it really shines . 
  a good quality bluray rip takes about 5-10 minutes with a 100mbps . 
  1-2 minutes with 1000mbps . 
  though you could argue that it rarely matters whether you wait 1 or 5 minutes for a movie . 
  not really . 
  legal sources usually throttle their download speeds . 
  besides why would you pay for a movie with drm when a better quality product is free ? 
  no shit they reenacted it ? 
  that does n't mean it 's fake . 
  i find you extremely annoying and hate your personality but thanks for everything you 've done to the scene and happy birthday . 
  it sucks how many modern games still have disappearing grenades/other explosive devices that follow a trajectory ( do n't fire in a straight line to the moon ) and only explode on impact . 
  i pretty much always test this when i get a grenade launcher and 99 % of the time they do n't come down . 
  11/10/10 and even then it was a repost, 
  minor event in the scope of all things over the 4 seasons . 
  i do n't know . 
  i find it kind of hilarious that the only way a woman athlete can get people to watch her video is to get naked . 
  is she supposed to be endorsing women 's hockey as a serious thing ? 
  if anything this video is the opposite . 
  yeah the girl getting naked so somebody would watch the video ( and upvote it on reddit ) to talk about how women 's hockey is something to take seriously kind of seems odd to me . 
   men do this all the time and it does n't diminish the seriousness of men 's hockey, 
  i watch men 's hockey like it 's my job and i 'm yet to see a naked photoshoot of an nhl athlete . 
  i never watch women 's hockey aside from the olympic final and i have seen this video in question . 
  it 's also the only post about women 's hockey i remember seeing on the top of r/hockey . 
  you might convince yourself it 's because `` she 's an athlete ! '', 
  but in reality it 's because she 's a naked chick . 
  well i guess you have to specifically look for those because i have n't come across them just by following nhl . 
  i did n't even try to find info on women 's hockey and i saw this . 
  why , because i 'm honest ? 
  if you want to promote women 's hockey do it by playing good women 's hockey . 
  not by stripping naked and pretending that those clicks are because of your athletic talent . 
  these odds seem really fucking low though . 
  khedira scores and 7-1 and the odds are 2319 . 
  the finnish national betting site which is known for it 's bad odds since it 's state-run had 5193 on the score 7-1 alone , with no goal scorers included . 
  usually internet betting sites always offer better odds than they do . 
  i 've actually never fought that guy on any of my playthroughs . 
  the first time i reached that spot he jumped off and since then i 've just been trying to recreate that . 
  seems easier than fighting him with arrows getting shot at your back . 
  it seems the easiest way to get him to fall off is to run up close until he pulls our his sword , then run back to the little ledge thingy you ran up on , to a spot where the other archer ca n't reach you . 
  he 'll chase you and `` cut the corner short '' and fall down . 
  first time playing i just simply shielded myself with a greatshield and the deflection screwed him over . 
  and old cheese . 
  do n't forget the cheese . 
  about 20 years give or take, 
  [ take a look at this guy . 
  he believes in his rights . 
  i have about 1500 games played and i 'm yet to complete either campaign . 
  have n't even started the hots campaign . 
  a lot of people simply do n't find playing rts 's against cpu fun or interesting . 
   everybody and their dog cries that the best rts game on the market and one of the best video games of all times is too expensive at 40 $, 
  well the game is 4 years old . 
  you can find other 2010 titles in the 4.90 $ bin at your local supermarket . 
   finland has less need for a military , border security , police , etc.
