  typically if you 're speaking of a certain process you 'd say something like kouluttaa or valmentaa but when speaking in a general fashion such as above tuottaa is a pretty common choice of wording . 
  yeah sure go ahead but i do n't have a degree on the language or anything like that, 
  yeah seems that way . 
  i just thought it 'd be dendi even though i realize how big of a pr machine the guy is . 
  well i mean you ca n't ignore the question `` if it was so great then how come they let the brits ruin it ? '', 
  you 'd think with all that gdp and technology you could fight the invaders and not become colonized in the first place . 
  it 's not bullshit . 
   `` why did the native americans let us massacre them ? 
  silly savages '', 
  has anyone claimed native americans had a higher gdp than europe ? 
  they `` let us '' massacre them because they did n't have the resources to fight back . 
  if what you 're saying is true i do n't understand how this country richer than all of europe ca n't fight a single european country on the other side of the world . 
  seems like with a bigger economy and the home advantage it 'd be a pretty easy fight . 
  i think he 's confusing ann arbor with flint . 
  flint is like detroit but worse . 
  damn there 's a lot of good images to save in this thread, 
  yeah i love traveling but i never understood the appeal of india . 
  so many people wanted to go to india as teenagers . 
  outside the internet people seem so oblivious to all the issues and how widespread they are . 
   and it 's the fault of the men . 
  everything good about the countries is thanks to men too though . 
  that 's how human history has always been . 
   so does this mean you refuse to give money to any charity dealing with people in the usa ? 
  yes ? 
  how often do you see people from other countries donating to help the poor in the us ? 
  practically never because a country that size should be able to fix their own problems . 
  donating from europe to us would be the same as donating to india from the us . 
  you poor soul it sounds like you 've never had a good piece of meat . 
  i do n't really see how any of this rant has to do with 1st world citizens donating to other 1st world countries . 
  being mistaken and accurately reporting something before it 's happened are two very different things . 
  well did that happen ? 
  if not then it was a mistake/misinformation . 
  how do you not see the difference between reporting something that did n't happen and reporting something accurately and knowing all the details correctly only before it has actually happened ? 
  if in doubt just look at his thighs, 
  he did n't just try , he finished . 
  because it 's not a gif, 
  yeah and tbh as long as it 's achievable in a realistic timeframe i like that this shit is expensive . 
  it 's purely a vanity item and gives no advantage . 
  being expensive and thus rarer is the only thing that makes it worth anything . 
  pros play on 4:3 because they 've been doing it for over a decade and are supertitious and afraid of change , not because it 's superior . 
  younger pros started by copying older pros and pub players do it because they assume it to be somehow better since all those good players do it too . 
  there is literally zero reason to use 4:3 over 16:9 or 16:10 other than being used to it . 
   for a reason, 
  yes and the reason being they 've been playing the game since 4:3 monitors were standard . 
  on average pc game communities are toxic as fuck compared to consoles . 
  those `` fun facts '' were pretty fucking cringe tho, 
  `` i have many hobbies and skills ! '', 
  did you really just feel the need to defend yourself in a video on your youtube channel against allegations of being a nerd made by a raging kid online ? 
   time to switch, 
  it takes 10 second to switch . 
  that 's not the issue . 
  it 's being used to something . 
  these pro players make their living playing the game , they 're not going to risk letting outside factors possibly hurt their game if they do n't need to . 
  it 's a webm, 
   most pros moved in late 2012/2013, 
  yeah to csgo . 
  that has absolutely nothing to do with anything . 
  is there a single csgo pro that did n't play 1.6 or source ? 
   pros used 640x480 in 1.6 doesnt mean they use it in go does it, 
  most pros play go with ridiculously low resolutions as well, 
  playing with friends who already know the game or tons of reading from 3rd party sources, 
  so you agreed with them ? 
  because the ones who bother to go into the comment section are the people who actually care and know about cooking . 
  the people just upvoting are the type who think putting shitty processed pepperoni , shredded cheese and dough out of a can together is genius . 
  i 've been playing this game since the pre-1 .0 betas . 
  i remember when m4 had a scope . 
  i do n't need to parrot anyone . 
  only an american would call a foreigner uneducated for not knowing about an american radio show . 
  yeah but you could just eat candy and play video games all day long with no worries . 
  oh wait , that 's still my life . 
  it 's the le anime face, 
  you ca n't abuse prescription medication on a regular basis then claim it was an `` accident '' when you od, 
  no one said abusing drugs made him `` brilliant '' . 
  they said that drug abuse was a part of his loved personality . 
  very different . 
  forestry has for a long time been the leading type of industry in finland . 
  the game is developed by an all finnish team in a studio located inland . 
  i bet they have seen the forestry industry in action . 
  but it does n't work like that . 
  you ca n't just cut out parts of someone 's personality . 
  his drug addictions influenced the rest of his personality and the rest of his personality is what made him a drug addict . 
  it 's possible to decide where to invest by throwing dice and still make a profit . 
  that does n't mean it 's a smart way . 
  bigger question is why would anyone buy pringles in a world where we have all these other types of chips ? 
  tbh i 'd much rather have an inactive top mod than some giant faggot who 's a mod of 127 different subreddits and even has his own dedicated fanclub sub, 
  just imagine the type of person you have to be to end up in that situation, 
  but i like seeing them visit the comment section and getting regularly btfo, 
  `` getting real tired of your shit '', 
  well there is a language barrier so maybe it 's more like `` non-accident '' . 
  i can easily see how bringing a loaded gun to a wedding and showing it off like that would be classified as not an accident even if he was n't planning on killing anyone . 
   eye for an eye, 
  eye for an eye would be killing his own kid in retaliation . 
  there 's a huge middle ground between eye for an eye and not pressing charges . 
  when you make the voluntary decision to act incredibly recklessly you ca n't claim it 's an accident when shit that 's bound to go bad goes bad . 
  yeah but i hear about it all the time when it does go wrong . 
  being a tradition is no defense . 
  never buying the aug or sg kept me out of ever getting into silver, 
  you might want to get checked for prostate cancer tbh, 
  i kept hoping i 'd hear his mother in a manner similiar to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qafe_fqkb88 ) ( loud warning ), 
  for me it was the moment i stepped into the painted world before beating o&s on my first ( blind ) playthrough,
