  i agree that in regards to the movement , cs had a higher skill ceiling . 
  i agree that a high skill ceiling is the most important thing when it comes to esports . 
  i also play and watch sc2 myself . 
  however i think you completely forgot that the `` nerfing '' of movement has effect on other things as well . 
  strategy is now more important than ever . 
  for me personally it 's only making the game better . 
  it 's putting less emphasis on the part of the game that never interested me and shifting it more and more to the part that did . 
  i do n't think you even considered that . 
  i agree that as a whole 1.6 was a better game than csgo is now , but like so many others have pointed out csgo is a work in progress . 
  it 's ten times better than it was 12 months ago . 
  i played cs since beta and i can definitely tell you cs 1.0 or 1.3 was n't a better game than csgo is now . 
  i respect and understand what you complained about , but in my mind you 're not looking at the full picture . 
  csgo definitely has its issues , but change is n't always bad . 
  and i do think `` go play 1.6 '' is a valid argument . 
  i still played it about a year ago . 
  it was still fun . 
  in its own way . 
  actually i do it in csgo because more often than not i want the awp not to zoom back in after a shot . 
   yet on his first kill and all of the kills in t-mid you ca n't tell what 's going on at all . 
  i do n't know what you were looking at or if your monitor is bad . 
  i had no problem seeing the enemies in any of those clips . 
  i agree csgo visibility does have some issues , but i also do n't think something like [ this ] ( http://img405.imageshack.us/img405/9648/detrain0002m.png ) is optimal either . 
  i really do n't have an issue with being able to hide in the shadows/backgrounds , as long as it 's not something that is prevalent everywhere , and in my opinion it is n't . 
  i ca n't be the only one who found that interview cringeworthy as fuck . 
  i love breaking bad , i think aaron paul is a good actor and top gear is one of my favourite shows but somehow those things just did n't go well together . 
  it almost felt like aaron paul had a new mix of medication that did n't work properly . 
  he felt `` off '' . 
  and yes , i have seen him in interviews before and not only in character . 
  she already has a new show called farrah superstar backdoor teen mom, 
  maybe rape related lies are bigger than average ? 
  i 'd like to have an option to disable everything that 's not actually a part of the map . 
  i do n't need windmills 200 meters away , a static skybox would be just as good . 
  is there a reason you have shaders on high ? 
  i just turned everything to minimum because i think it increases visibility and a higher fps is always nice . 
   people played cs beta at lans ? 
  yes ? 
  does n't matter which one you choose , you only pay for kevlar if you already have a helmet . 
  in the 90s we used to take airsoft guns to school ( elementary school ) and shoot each other during recess/in the hallways . 
  just imagine the panic it 'd cause these days if someone brought a real looking pistol to school . 
  back then we did n't even have those red things at the end of the barrel , they were pretty much 1:1 the real thing . 
  of course they were n't allowed . 
  there just were n't any real consequences for playing with them . 
  the worst that could happened was the teacher took them away until the end of the day . 
  i understood what you were talking about from the start , i just did n't realize they had changed it from 1.6 and cs : s. 
  it used to be that no matter which one you chose , if the `` you already have a helmet , armor replenished '' message popped up you 'd only pay $ 650 . 
  i do n't know why they changed that . 
  yeah because your elementary school = every elementary school in existence . 
  except that i was telling a story from my childhood , not a universal fact . 
  where in my post does it say `` in the 90s it was universally accepted to bring airsoft guns to school ? '', 
  it says me and my mates used to do it . 
  that means there was at least one school on this planet where it took place in the 90s and presumably more . 
  i doubt there 's any left . 
  big update = nothing related to skins . 
  the movement patch was a big update . 
  recoil patch was a big update . 
  dh stickers was n't . 
  it 's still a purely cosmetic update . 
  a purely cosmetic update can not be considered `` big '' when in the recent history of this game the basic fundamentals like movement and recoil have been reworked as well . 
  it does n't matter if it 's 9 new skins or 9000 , purely cosmetic is purely cosmetic . 
  one screen of wins . 
  that 's like 15 games ? 
  that 's a pretty standard win streak . 
  one win streak does n't guarantee promotion . 
  it never did . 
   what lem who cares enough about their rank to team up with people would play with dmg and le ranks . 
  i 'm not sure what you were trying to say , but me and my `` group of cs friends '' ( about a dozen people ) are pretty much 33 % dmg , 33 % le , 33 % lem and we all play together just fine . 
  often the lem 's can even be at the bottom , ranks are really pretty irrelevant as the difference becomes smaller . 
  a dmg is better than a gold nova yes , but a dmg can easily be worse than a mge . 
  yeah but i do n't really understand what you 're trying to say . 
  first lem 's do n't want to play with dmg 's , but a sentence later they 're all the same ? 
  \\  r/jokes, 
  \\  conversation, 
  yes it seems they are, 
  i got the black knight sword drop in undead burg as well . 
  i did n't even know i got lucky . 
  i prefer the uchigatana though . 
  you 're not supposed to clench them together , you just kinda half-stand . 
  that way your cheeks are still spread but you do n't have to put your hand into the toilet . 
  taking your pants all the way off allows you to spread your legs more which makes for more comfortable pooping . 
  i do n't do it every time , but if i 'm come home and am already planning on changing clothes it 's definitely better to poop without pants . 
   you ca n't tell me they are as spread as when you 're sitting , even if it 's only a half stand . 
  they are n't , but they are n't close enough to each other to squish the poop either so it does n't matter . 
  yes it 's important we do n't give away meaningless karma points for just anybody, 
  there 's an episode of stargate where they try to kill one of the main bad guys in a jungle of some sort and they use those exact words as well . 
  e. http://stargate.wikia.com/wiki/the_nox_%28episode%29, 
   sg-1 plots to take apophis down a second time , this time utilizing a flaw in apophis ' personal defense - a slow moving object , like a staff weapon or an arrow , passes through the field easily, 
  on a personal note , fuck the nox, 
  yeah this seems the best solution , though i do n't ever take mine off either . 
  played another fps game before ? 
  i got mg1 originally after 10 wins ( on my main account ) . 
  on my alt i got a dmg straight away but that does n't really count since it 's an alt . 
   i completely did n't care about this game and actually tried to trash it once i realized how bad i was doing, 
  well fuck you too, 
  i used to have an issue with the winter update though my crash was limited to the main menu ( once i got in to a game it never crashed ) so i ca n't really offer any advice other than the fact that mine got fixed in another unrelated update about two weeks later . 
  i posted everywhere possible and no one else had experienced the same . 
   the mac port is really bad, 
  other than the occasionally missing images for guns in the inventory i 've never had any issues other than random crashes for a week during last december ( time between 2 updates ) . 
  i get around 200fps at 2650x1440 and the game works just as the windows counterpart . 
   yeah low sensitivity is best but honestly you have to make such a fundamental change to way you aim ( i.e. 
  using much more arm + shoulder movements ) it 's not worth it unless cs is all you play .
