  this is something they teach everyone in middle school over here . 
  check out the above post . 
  i ca n't say it 's bad , since i never completed it , i just kinda , forgot about it . 
  volvo 940gl ( ' 92ish ) will always be my favourite car . 
  the seats were like armchairs . 
  and 5-seater really meant 5 people fit in comfortably . 
  not bad for 6 either . 
  personal record being 9 ( 2 in the trunk ) . 
  every get is a mod get, 
  oh please do n't what can i do to convince you to stay i do n't think we 'll be able to go on without you . 
  they do n't . 
  i do n't find dz that good for sitrep pro . 
  ctf is like an equipment gold mine as long as you keep attacking . 
  there 's usually at least one mine or claymore near the enemy base , usually some radars as well . 
  too bad you ca n't have both tactical insertion and emp nades . 
  i applaud your attention to detail, 
  slim is a piece of shit compared to the last old ones ( basically jasper ) though . 
  it overheats , crashes and makes more noise . 
  sources : internet , two friends who own slim . 
  i 've actually seen the other slim tilt and shut down twice in the ~ dozen hours i 've played with it . 
  not sure about that one but let me know how it turns out if you decide to try it . 
  i know the knifing your own trophy system glitch has been patched . 
  i have n't had much time to play fifa recently but last night i played two games and scored 3 corners out of 5 , 
  the trick is to cross `` behind '' the goal keeper . 
  as close to the goal line as possible and 3,75 ish power . 
  sometimes full power works as well . 
  most crucial part is the spin , you got ta hold the stick up . 
  this way the keeper wo n't reach it and instead just stands there looking stupid while you head the ball from basically inches away . 
   unless you think more than 15 % of that was falsified, 
  are you seriously doubting it could n't be ? 
  i 'm not able to search right now but try typing `` russian election fraud '' into youtube . 
  there are tons of videos with undeniable evidence of election fraud from both the last parliament ( or whatever it 's called in russia ) and presidental elections . 
  ballots half full 5 minutes before opening , video of an election official filling out dozens of votes and stuffind them in etc. 
  they did n't even bother to cover it up properly . 
  in chechnya ( a region fighting for independence ) voter turnout was 99 % and 95 % of them voted for putin 's party ( the opposite of what the region truly wants ) . 
  yeah i 'm not saying none of them work . 
  just like not all old xboxes rrod . 
  usually it 's just a single save that gets corrupted , not the entire memory card . 
  that 's why i ** always ** have at least two save files i use alternatively . 
  worst case scenario i lose 30 minutes or so , maybe an hour but definitely not my entire progress . 
   when i was 14, 
  no but they 're just basically talk and text layed on film that was on the news etc and does n't really prove anything . 
  these videos are undeniable video proof . 
  why are you downvoted ? 
  is n't ny times a credible source ? 
   the final tally : putin , 1,482 votes ; gennady a. zyuganov , the communist party leader , one vote . 
   this result was in itself statistically improbable . 
  but even more difficult for the teachers who had been drafted onto the electoral commission to explain was the turnout : there were only 1,389 people registered in the precinct , meaning that the turnout was 107 percent . 
  the smaller the difference the better the porno, 
  downvote . 
   in fifa 12 you could dribble just by changing direction , in fifa 13 this wo n't be possible anymore !, 
  wo n't be getting fifa 13 ( if this is true ) . 
  not that i really care because i rarely look at the crowd but blaming the hardware for 2d static crowds is ridiculous . 
  while nhl might have smaller audiences ( 20.000 or so ) they 're not only fully 3d but they look good even if you zoom right into them , like sims characters . 
  each team has dozens of different jerseys , hoodies , jackets etc combined with many different kind of player models , not to mention `` civilian '' clothes and opponents jerseys . 
  they also each celebrate/boo/dance / do whatever separately . 
  the crowd looks like a crowd of people , not a solid block of cartboard . 
   there are a lot of stupid yellow cards and free kicks given for the tiniest of things that do n't deserve cards, 
  no there is n't . 
  fifa rules are simple , touch the ball first and it 's a clean tackle . 
  the only major problem i see with the referee is how he gives 1 second of advantage . 
  would i rather have a free kick from 18yds or the ball in the feet of my winger near the corner flag surrounded by opponents ? 
  fifa decides winger . 
   because of the dialogue i knew something was about to happen, 
  oh you mean like in every episode of family guy every 30 seconds ? 
  that 's how the show works . 
  just for the record i love family guy . 
  tldr, 
  i do n't believe i 'm entitled to anything . 
  however i do n't see a reason not enjoying free stuff when it 's offered to me . 
  i still get paid exactly the same either way , so ... go ahead ? 
  release groups and trackers offer me the possibility of enjoying any tv show or movie in high definition in less than 3 minutes . 
  inb4 netflix , not available in my country and besides there 's way more stuff on the internet than netflix . 
  the thing is though that in a lot of european countries there simply are n't guns . 
  if criminals do n't have guns you rarely need one either . 
  that 's why it 's difficult for many to relate to the u.s. 
  so they say stupid stuff about american gun control because they do n't understand that you ca n't just go back to `` nobody has guns '' . 
  no matter what the bans and law are criminals in america will keep carrying them . 
  my country is 3rd among western countries in guns per capita but i wholeheartedly agree nobody carrying guns is a way better option than everybody carrying guns . 
  but i also understand why it 's not possible in the u.s. 
  is it possible to remove that `` this is google cache ... '' bar ? 
  i want this totally fullscreen, 
  calling someone a faggot is not homophobic . 
  firefox had inspect element too , thanks . 
  i 'm finnish, 
  penis . 
  no but seriously i have better things to worry about than long term plans for hypothetical situations . 
  i do n't think letting a teenager furnish the attic ( look at the ceiling ) is that spoiled . 
  he very well might have earnt the money himself . 
  what the fuck is up with r/trees and this hating on rich kids business ? 
  he has a room , he decorated it nicely , who cares where the money came from . 
  what people should n't enjoy the possibilities they have ? 
  you 're comment sounds like you 're trying to bust him for being a rich kid . 
  like it 's something to be embarassed of . 
   it 's okay , we understand , you 're 16 and eager to share with everyone that you smoke marijuana . 
  says the guy posting on r/trees, 
  probably from mexico . 
  i do n't mean they drive down to get them but organized crime and smuggling . 
  i 'd say european people who frequently visit a website that actively follows american politics and culture have a better understanding of them than average americans have of the 30 or so different countries in europe . 
  i think it 's ok to downvote blatant reposts .
