  i do n't understand why one would need a picture to remember someone . 
  during those 9 months of pregnancy leading to stillbirth you were n't looking at the fetus either . 
  the apperance of it is not important , your thoughts and memories are . 
  i agree acting like it never happened does n't sound the best way to cope but why a picture ? 
  in my mind that picture represents only the negative memories . 
  every possible positive memory of the child was from before you first saw that stillborn corpse . 
  understanding why people would want it to be true goes a long way in understanding why it is n't . 
  how is claiming a cospiracy `` passively dismissing '' . 
  i passively dismissed it . 
  i did n't watch the news , i did n't read the articles , i did n't care . 
  but i 'm not one of the people claiming it was a conspiracy . 
  because she 's a woman and therefore gullible, 
  what does it matter how it came to be ? 
  are you one of those people who ca n't enjoy greentext stories unless you 're 100 % certain they 're true ? 
  for a reason . 
  no one 's going to this kid 's facebook and making fun of him there . 
  it 's a cringeworthy pic , posted on r/cringe . 
  what 's there do `` stick up '' for ? 
  it was n't trying to correct his grammar if that 's what you think . 
  \\  do n't ` cringe ' at, 
  you see the contradiction here ? 
   trying to relate to his students, 
  that was her first mistake, 
  cringed, 
  i 've been browsing cringe + cringepics all day and honestly after reading this comment the first thing i saw at r/funny/new made me cringe harder than anything else i 've seen today, 
  i 'm proud to say i was n't, 
  no one 's saying they had it harder . 
  they 're saying they had the exact same and survived it without being pussies . 
  what ? 
  i 'd argue `` bullying is wrong '' is a much more universally agreed sentiment than `` racism is wrong '' . 
  what ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  the coffee cups i use at home are bigger than the ones at coffee shops or especially school/work places . 
  and you 've never seen racist remarks on reddit ? 
  i 'll have to disagree . 
  after a proper lift i ca n't get my ass off the couch for at least a day . 
  i mean i like going to the gym , but it 's definitely not helping my productivity . 
  that sounds like a lot more interaction that i 've ever had in my life with a random person at a gym . 
  i think it has more to do with the fact that a vast majority of people who have n't had premarital sex are religious nutjobs and religious people often have stricter views regarding divorce . 
  it 's also true, 
  so you ca n't even mention the fact religions affect people 's behaviour anymore ? 
  me too and i was both sad and furious before reading the above edit . 
  norway and switzerland are not `` top teams '' . 
  they 're solid `` b grade '' teams that can win an upset against any team but they 're definitely not likely to win a medal . 
  just look at the betting odds . 
  being born in 1990 it 's so weird how short a time ago that actually was . 
  i have no recollection of the 94 olympics so for me it goes without saying pros will participate in the olympics . 
  kinda like the soviet union , i know it broke down only two decades ago but for me it 's just something from the history books as i 've never lived in that time . 
  i felt the same way and was even going to make it myself but the stream i was watching had huge graphics covering half of the screen at that point :(, 
   trying to include as many well-known people into their ranks as possible, 
  the reasoning for this is most likely that a lot of ( especially older ) people still believe it 's impossible to succeed in life if you like to smoke pot . 
  a well known celebrity `` coming out '' is always good for the cause . 
  well finland basically could . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.quanthockey.com/nhl/nationality/active-finnish-nhl-players-career-stats.html ) is probably going to be very close to the 2014 olympic roster . 
  i do n't think slovakia is in a much worse position . 
  ok well in that case slovakia definitely could n't . 
  i 've always considered them the weakest of the `` top teams '' though . 
  unless you want to include germany in the top teams which is starting to look more reasonable each year . 
  though their big advantage has exactly been the lack of nhl players in wc . 
  i went to krav maga for ~ 6 months . 
  it was basically 101 ways to hit your opponent in the balls . 
  why ? 
  pizza hut is the best pan pizza i 've ever eaten in a chain . 
  always sunny in philadephia does n't have a laugh track and is the funniest sit com in the last decade . 
  you 're comparing stand-up to tv shows ? 
  unless you 're talking about louie where i honestly find the non-stand up parts to be the best . 
  first of all you dad told you not to hang out with someone anymore , what are you ? 
  american ? 
  secondly how the fuck would that stop anything ? 
  do your parents spy on you whenever you leave the house ? 
  how are they gon na find out if you go to a friends house or wherever and this guy also happens to be there ? 
  seinfeld is good but it 's almost impossible for me to watch these days because of the laugh track . 
  when i was younger i was so used to it that it did n't matter but i guess i did n't watch any sit coms for a while or something because these days the laugh track is reason enough not to watch a show . 
  not because of some elitist thinking that i 'm better than that , but because it honestly ruins the enjoyment . 
  so basically a plot by newfags to trick other newfags ? 
  please tell me this is just a tv show and does n't have any actual legal jurisdiction, 
  it 's not agreeing with the douche . 
  the comment literally consists of two ways the douche could 've handled this situation better . 
  but it 's interesting to really stop and think about the compliment of being called talented . 
  it 's used so commonly it 's kinda lost it 's meaning but i have to agree when you think about it it 's really not that flattering . 
  the artist in this case could 've definitely worded his answers better though . 
  that pastor is a dick, 
  \\  oversensitive to racism, 
  looking at the source he did n't . 
  did n't even enter double spaces, 
  like this so i do n't know why alien blue would show it like that . 
  \\  has access to / r/4chan, 
  \\  bothers going to 4chan, 
  my point exactly . 
  he was being a dumb unfunny asshole . 
  something to ignore and move on . 
  not freak out over how it 's the most disgusting thing . 
   detox methods that have been proven to work, 
  long story short they do n't exist . 
  they used to in nhl11 and nhl12 hut . 
  they changed ( ruined ) the system in nhl13 to be the same as fifa . 
  now young players with high potential are worth the same as old guys on their last season . 
  it 's really stupid . 
  yeah i noticed that but what i do n't understand is why alien blue treats single enters as paragraph breaks . 
  my wallpaper for the last 12 months or so has been [ this ] ( http://unrealitymag.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/y0jxq.jpg ) but i definitely saved this one for potential future use .
