  but once you 're used to sitrep pro and lose it it 's terrible because you get all paranoid and think you 're surrounded by enemies all the time . 
  does n't matter . 
  you should n't browse [ / r/wtf ] ( / r/wtf ) in public places or school or work and if you 're at home who gives a fuck . 
  you can always close the tab . 
  it 's not like there 's anything on the internet that 's actually going to scar you for life in the fraction of a second it takes to close it . 
  and if there is you need to browse more internet until there is n't . 
  i 'm finnish . 
  soccer is a game for pussies . 
  messi is pretty cool though . 
  eh chips goalkeepers and just [ wo n't fall down ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9s7hll4sjek ) . 
  i was just clarifying i 'm not american . 
  it was n't to back up my statement or anything . 
  and i think `` god damn it why do they make me google '' . 
  yeah entertainment weekly said that but in an unknown context . 
  might be entertainment weekly did n't mean it as a good thing . 
  but ea definitely did including the quote in their advertisement . 
   yes , making your own items takes the fun out of exploring . 
  no it does n't . 
  it 's still fun to find expensive and rare items . 
  i 'm probably the best blacksmith in skyrim not to mention dragonborn etc slaying entire armies at once . 
  you think i 'm going to use some shitty sword i found in a dungeon ? 
   i think , however , that apple uses the right strategy for the general public . 
  sure , that 's true . 
  the general public is pretty technologically retarded . 
  but everyone buying a tv knows what 720p and 1080p ( or fullhd vs hdready ) mean though , and those terms also still tell the exact resolution . 
  not just some marketing crap . 
  well if you do n't like it you can click the `` previous page '' button or simply not click links that say `` neutering with a hammer '' . 
  when the title on [ / r/wtf ] ( / r/wtf ) is faces of death it 's pretty clear you should n't open it if you do n't like dead things . 
  possibly seeing some things you did n't want to comes with the territory of `` wtf '' internet sites . 
   i understand that this posts title is accurate , but i realized that after reading the comments describing the image . 
  i did not see the image . 
  it 's up to me to decide what i want to see , not you . 
  so you 're in the comments complaining about shit and you did n't even look at the picture you 're commenting to ? 
  it 's not like it 's a gore pic . 
  more of a history book pic . 
  also different people have different ideas of `` nsfl '' or whatever meaningless addition you want to put on there . 
  i highly doubt it would do any good . 
   and just because they know that they should always buy stuff that supports 1080p does n't mean they understand it . 
  no they do n't understand it and for them it 's a small and simple term for `` the best available '' like in the case of retina . 
  but unlike retina the name also tells a more experienced user the exact resolution without having to google the technical specs . 
  i 'm not sure if a skull can be considered `` human gore '' . 
  i think it 's pretty relevant you did n't see the picture . 
  you ca n't complain about a lack of tag to content you have n't even seen . 
  how do you know it 's nsfl if you have n't seen it ? 
  would n't verifying the need for a tag be first on the checklist of whining about lack of tags ? 
   by the way , 1080p tvs are usually -- following apple 's definition -- retina screens . 
  at tv viewing distances of a few feet someone with normal sight can not distinguish pixels . 
  all the while 1080p computer screens are usually decidedly not retina screens . 
  at normal computer screen viewing distances and for normal screen sizes of 20 inch or more it 's still possible to tell pixels apart . 
  so making reference to resolution alone -- or pixel density , or viewing distance , or screen size -- could never tell you whether a screen is retina or not . 
  yeah i get the point of the term retina and i admit it 's clever but still having the knowledge and experience with all sorts of displays and resolutions in my life i 'd still greatly prefer them just telling me the specs and let me figure out for myself how accurate it is instead of just telling me it 's `` retina '' . 
  i understand the use of retina in tv or street ads since it 's a single simple word but in presentations etc it feels kinda weird . 
  picture of an old man in a yellow bunny suit standing knee-deep in a pile of pringles cans = wtf , but not nsfw, 
  picture of someone with a samurai sword through the face = wtf & nsfw, 
  with these examples i fail to see how we need a new tag . 
  nsfw seems to work just fine . 
  me and my friend played spyro 1 & 2 from start to finish in our local electronics store . 
  soon after they removed the memory sticks ; ___ ;, 
  i ca n't even count how many hours of goldeneye 64 we played at another nearby department store . 
  and thps . 
  thps was the best because it was all about high scores so we did n't even need saving . 
  e. halo was awesome as well because the xbox was new and huge and no one actually owned one . 
  and there was a built-in memory thing . 
  in middle school every lunch break we 'd go there and play the co-op campaign . 
   it lets you ride a mini dragon around ( ground only ), 
  so basically it 's like a dragon skin for horses ? 
  that blows fire . 
  if you have n't played with that account why do you insist on keeping it and why did you link that one to the phone if you do n't even use it ? 
  just create a new profile for yourself and link that up with your windows phone . 
  downvoted for `` n word '', 
  yes he can , but since he 's calling himself a professional and all i expect he 'd like to make some money doing it . 
  or walk through an empty park at night in a mini skirt and a tank top that barely covers your nipples, 
  ** oh snap here we go **, 
  because donald is their legal guardian, 
  so that if a friend comes by and wants to use your wifi instead of just telling him the password you have to find out his mac address that 's under the battery and go to your computer and reconfigure the router settings ... no thanks . 
  well of course it 's easy to get the mac address of any computer with a couple of clicks . 
  i was talking about phones . 
  well brothers do often weigh more than their sisters, 
  i watched mean girls so many times as a teenager . 
  yes i 'm a guy . 
  most of those times i was n't alone and we were drinking as well . 
  that 's my excuse . 
  and then to the computer , access your router settings etc etc. 
  instead of just `` the password 's dickbuttz '', 
  that 's what he said, 
  who cares ? 
  haters gon na hate anyway . 
  i sure was entertained . 
   passwords can be cracked, 
  yeah with all the super secret material i have somebody 's bound to spend sleepless nights trying to brute force my password . 
  come the fuck on . 
  there are so many open networks people wo n't even try to access a secure one , that 's the point of a password . 
  usability should n't be sacrificed for `` security '' in a network where security really is n't a top priority . 
  yes i wear a seatbelt just like i use a password . 
  however i do n't use a 4 point buckle racing harness and a helmet . 
  it is for me . 
  and in case it does n't using a proxy is n't too hard , just copypaste the proxy ip into firefox 's `` advanced '' settings . 
  radio highlights ? 
  what 's next ? 
  radio slow motion replays ?
