  `` in early march a 14-year-old girl collapsed during a street festival in konstanz , apparently highly intoxicated from using a vodka tampon , the paper reported . '', 
  something here does n't add up . 
  goddamn cops/social workers always think lying is the best way to educate kids, 
  and we 're not supposed to be racist, 
  but did your parents post the pictures to the internet ? 
  and not just on their own site , but on sites like reddit where they 'd get as much attention as possible, 
  or if it was pre-internet make ten thousand fliers and drop them from a plane or whatever . 
  i get the `` having something to remember by '' part . 
  what i do n't understand is why someone would feel it necessary to get other people 's attention and pity with the it, 
  i know i should 've simply upboated but i had to comment just to show appreciation for telling that story so well, 
  preserving final moments ! = posting pictures of your dead child to the internet for everyone to see, 
  they gave the photographer permission = they did, 
  it was his first day . 
  i do n't automatically inform every single one of my friends the instant i get a new job, 
  downvoted everything [ ] ( / trolldad ), 
  the first image says `` who do i know here '' so we can assume he 's new in nyc . 
  you ca n't expect him to remember in which part of town all his buddies worked especially when he did n't even live in the same city at the time he was told ( if he was ), 
  i did n't even try to find it 'cause these things never work on a mac [ ] ( / perfect ), 
  so the jokes still on me ? 
  [ ] ( / surprised ), 
  upvoted for clever girl, 
  i hate safari but it 's still way better than ie, 
  he 's got a point though, 
  i 'm not swedish so this took an immense amount of brainpower . 
  i do n't play golf games but this shit is just ridiculous . 
  good thing i do n't pay shit for my xbox games or dlcs, 
  i definitely would not, 
  and i do n't even though i can jailbreak, 
  it fucking sucks fighting in a dream, 
  the `` really '' column looks a lot better, 
  who gives a fuck about respect or a date when you can make a good sexist joke, 
  where can i sign in ? 
  like . . cows [ ] ( / wtf ), 
  why would you marry such a woman , and if she turned into this after marriage why would you be such a pussy not to do anything about it ? 
  lol 'd, 
  well that does sound like a scam , guess i did n't read that much into it, 
  would had been nice to mention you crossposted this from me but thanks anyway for accidentally letting me know about r/snowgirls . 
  dave chappelle bar none, 
  eddie murphy would probably be my second pick, 
  funny woman comedians do not exist, 
  every fucking time, 
  nope, 
  tina fey 's an acterss , not a stand up comedian . 
  besides she 's funny to be a woman , but not really that funny, 
  hipster alert, 
  the multiplayer is bullcrap , you could see it even from the first videos . 
  single player was the only reason for me to buy this , because of the storyline . 
  luckily i watched some gameplay before spending my money . 
  typical family vacation, 
  that guy in the gif got too greedy , should 've just held the initial hit in for longer, 
  4.20 am ftw, 
  4.20 pm is for wake and bake though, 
  the maker of this comic is an idiot . 
  of course the girl had heard you were deaf even though you had n't spoke to her . 
  that 's why she `` spoke '' in sign, 
  i love leaching, 
  scandinavia is fucking amazing , you get tons of money just staying at home . 
  get paid more than mcdonalds employees working full time in the usa . 
  video games reddit weed porn cotton candy, 
  handle your settings correctly newbie, 
  i 'm not american and even i know the spelling alphabet . 
  95 % of the credit goes to war movies/tv-shows/call of duty, 
  my gf told me she 's started farting like 10 times more since we started doing le butt sexy time, 
  this is the reason fighting games suck ass, 
  i 'm not saying the world would work if everyone would just leech . 
  luckily not everyone does so i can . 
  no you dont understand , i 'm the one beating all my friends simply by closing my eyes and mashing everything . 
  that 's why i do n't buy or practice fighting games, 
  i 've tried this ( speaking of controllers generally ) but it feels so awkward . 
  i use both r1 and r2 ( or z and r or rb and rt ) with the index finger , luckily 99 % of games are designed so that this is possible . 
  all my friends do the same thing, 
  itt insecure nerds calling people who talk about their sexlife openly insecure, 
  lenin cat is awesome, 
  get a better computer, 
  i 'm 12 years old and what is this, 
  i hate that guy so fucking much, 
  i was in italy last winter and lived in an apartment , this guy set up literally under our window and i was sick so i had to stay in whole day . 
  holy motherfucking shit he got annoying after a half and hour and he stayed for six more, 
  i hate that guy so fucking much, 
  i was in italy last winter and lived in an apartment , this guy set up literally under our window and i was sick so i had to stay in whole day . 
  holy motherfucking shit he got annoying after a half and hour and he stayed for six more, 
  as much as i hate reposts i do n't want to add any extra stress to the reddit servers , the site is already down almost every day, 
  this is not a rage comic . 
  downvoted . 
  what the fuck is up with that neckbeard, 
  what about `` i do n't kiss and tell '', 
  rage comics are n't a reddit invention , and this feel good bullshit with no joke is n't it, 
  point being a month , a year or a day does n't really matter, 
  and no , because i already aknowledge most people in the world are idiots, 
  you deserved it for the profession you chose . 
  you ca n't blame anyone else . 
  edit . 
  oh wait a minute , thought you were a cop . 
  soldiers are just plain fucking retarded so i wo n't bully you . 
  bad company 2 is better than battlefield 2 was for the exact reason that there are no jets and oversized maps, 
  thay are also developing bad company 3 as well as bf3 dipshit, 
  this has happened to me too but i told the receptionist to go fuck herself and knocked on the door of the doctor myself -  everything went better than expected, 
  downvoted for being a quitter, 
  downvoted for true story just happened, 
  i 'm pro-choice and have no problem with abortion but to me this sounds justified,
