  you can only go up from there with each try . 
  there are n't finite items that you need , the enemies wo n't grow stronger , you wo n't go weaker with time . 
  only thing that happens is you maybe unlock a new item or gain enough souls for a lvl up . 
  you can fail a section hundreds of times , and once you clear it it 's just like you cleared it on your first try . 
  except you 'll likely have more souls and humanity than if you did it on your first . 
  you say that like it 's not on liveleak . 
  i already made a low lvl character . 
  looks like noobies are back on the menu boys . 
   you 're part of the reason people are so ignorant about android phones, 
  it 's good google has a knight in shining armor like you educating the masses, 
  so if you ca n't have something nobody can ? 
  tell me , how 's kindergarten treating you ? 
  i 've seen pretty much all the video you could see up until a week ago and i have to say i was most worried about the driving as well . 
  the handling looked like those mandatory driving sections all action games ~ 10 years ago had to have . 
  how bad is it honestly ? 
  iihf is a corrupt organization run by national governing bodies most of which are just as corrupt if not more . 
  the governing bodies have monopolies when it comes to the sport and their power is usually given to them by law or something similiar ( varies by country ) . 
  it 's not a thing you can easily change . 
  the corruption is rooted too deep and even if they catch one scapegoat there will always be a dozen worse people to replace him . 
  people who work at iihf or the national bodies are rarely former hockey players . 
  they 're businessmen who know people who know people . 
  it 's russia so nothing, 
   also : quit bitching about the refs . 
  sure there was some questionably calls , but is n't that like every game ever in any iihf tournament . 
  do n't be sore losers . 
  good attitude to have . 
  iihf refs are always shit so let 's just all agree to not complain about it . 
  olympics are n't organized by iihf . 
  in fact i believe there 's a rule that all the `` playoff '' games in the olympics must have at least 1 nhl ref . 
  iihf wc often has no nhl refs at all . 
  we did n't lose because of them , but that does n't make this level of officiating in a wc final match any more acceptable . 
  there 's that other passageway that leads to nothing in lower undead burg as well , seems like they had plans for the area that did n't get into the final game . 
  i think the whole place has an unfinished feel , what 's the point of the hallway where you rescue the magic guy ? 
  past him where there 's the bars and the hollows with torches . 
  that area seems like it should lead somewhere but it does n't . 
  or maybe the depths was more tied in with the lower burg and eventually grew into its own area . 
  i do n't know about the sochi team but the finnish women 's team won bronze in the 2010 olympics . 
  that same team had spent the year preparing for the olympics participating in a local junior men 's league , what we call c-juniors ( 14-15 years old ) . 
  the 3rd best women 's team in the world that year lost every single game against the 15 year old boys . 
  some were nasty results like 13-1 etc. 
  it got some media coverage here before everyone realized it 's not `` proper '' to bash women 's sports . 
  you can still find the results online though . 
  really the 2014 olympic final with usa vs canada was the only mildly entertaining women 's hockey i 've ever seen . 
  i wish they 'd let them hit though , in it 's current state it 's more of a joke . 
  i would n't watch hockey that does n't allow hits even if it was played by men . 
  i did n't know laughing at women 's sports was edgy , last i checked it was a fairly mainstream opinion . 
  yea i agree i really like the undead burg feel and atmosphere , i just wish there was more of it . 
  faux superiority ? 
  how do you even know i 'm not a girl myself ? 
  a girl who enjoys quality sporting entertainment . 
  in every sport the top leagues only have males . 
  in any sport where the results can be measured ( in lenght , time etc. ), 
  the men athletes have the world records . 
  i do n't think it 's a conspiracy nor a sign that women athletes are just lazier when it comes to practicing . 
  it 's just physical differences genders have . 
  men make for better athletes . 
  so just like i 'd rather watch nhl hockey than some 3rd division hockey , i 'd rather watch men 's hockey than women 's hockey . 
  i do n't know if that makes me immature or not . 
  if it does there seems to be a lot of immature people around if you look at the selection of programming any sports channel has . 
  top leagues of every sport with the vast majority of athletes being male . 
  i thought it was more of a consulting role though with the host city and the ioc making all the final decisions . 
   it is a biological fact that men will play a faster , more impactful , and more physical version of hockey . 
  so why is it immature to prefer this version of hockey , or to even consider it the only `` real '' hockey ? 
  all that stuff about working two jobs and getting respect etc. 
  it all sounds nice , but it does n't make the broadcast any more entertaining or the level of play any better . 
  because those people actually go through trouble to make it . 
  most `` comment karma whores '' spend all their time at the / r/all top trending in the last hour section . 
  it 's a goldmine if you care about karma , you get to see all the posts that are going to be front page when there 's only a handful of comments . 
  it sucks for regular browsing though , that 's why everyone does n't do it . 
  philly does n't have the kind of issues rio is dealing with though . 
  their infrastructure sucks , their healthcare and education suck , their ghettos and organized crime are out of control . 
  there are many more important things to invest the money into than the world cup . 
  you ca n't start thinking about international tourist money when you ca n't guarantee clean drinking water to your own people . 
  a manual locking out gears ? 
  gorgeous view ahead, 
  american dad is much more consistent . 
  family guy has the better `` best moments '' , but it 's more hit-or-miss . 
  not just episode to episode , but even within one episode . 
  they 're stylistically different . 
  i have n't watched either in about 2 years but i 've seen everything before that so i doubt much has changed . 
  family guy also had it 's prime in seasons 3-6ish , it definitely went downhill after that . 
  american dad is a newer show . 
  though noticing that ad apparently has 10 seasons now too makes me feel really , really old . 
  i like some of them , though i think x-ray is ugly as hell . 
  and i would n't consider it too flashy either . 
  it 's pretty boring if you ask me . 
  you might be on to something . 
  i 've usually get in and out of the bathroom about 2 minutes , and i 've also never had a problem with `` mexican food shits '' . 
  i 've only experienced slight burning sensation in my anus once , and that was after i had eaten a bunch of raw jalapeno peppers as a stupid bet . 
  i have an over 3 year old mac so definitely not the peak of computer hardware performance and i do n't get any lag with flash even though i practically always use it enlargened due to using either the 27 '' monitor or my tv as a screen . 
  if simply zooming in causes your flash player to lag i recommend you either run ccleaner or a similiar software , reinstall your os or just update your hardware to the 21st century . 
  a grammy awards show especially with celebrity feats is not really comparable to a real live gig . 
  i do n't know what cirrus is except for a type of cloud and the name of the tallest residental building in finland , but who are you to say what qualifies as a live performance and what does n't ? 
  a piano has been pretuned to play certain notes , the entertainer presses the buttons and the sounds come out . 
  i agree this is different from a dj mixing two or more tracks together , but where do you draw the line ? 
  what about an electric piano or a synthesizer ? 
  at what point does it stop being a man playing a piano and start being an edm artist 's `` live '' performance ? 
  is there a number of keypresses per second you have to do ? 
  are you limited only to certain functions of the synthesizer ? 
  where do you draw the line ?
