  photoshop layer settings . 
  even when i did have facebook i never added any relatives . 
  i do n't understand why some people do . 
  relatives are n't `` friends '' , they 're relatives . 
  yes ? 
  well that certainly sounds more awkward for them than it is to me, 
   a dick for not taking 3 seconds to return your families gesture of love, 
  you make it sound like i 'm too lazy to be bothered to add them . 
  that 's not why i ignore them . 
  it 's because i do n't want to be friends with them on facebook . 
  it 's a conscious decision . 
  i 'd do it even if it took more effort than accepting them . 
  learning new things is n't impossible even after being used to something once . 
  videos load ? 
  having to wait for videos to load and the existence of youtube do n't overlap . 
  i 've never had to wait for a youtube video , that 's some pre-2005 stuff . 
  but i do get the appeal of these comedian pictures if you 're browsing without sound for example . 
  yeah but my phone gets 40mbps with no data cap even when outside wi fi so i hardly see how that matters . 
  no shit ? 
  yeah but we should we limit our enjoyment so that people with 10 year old technology can keep up ? 
  it 's not the sheen . 
  it 's because a part of this gif has been frozen to save file size ( damn you tumlbr ), 
  exactly . 
  this is why i think everyone who got excited voting for obama is ( secretly ) racist . 
  just because he was america 's first black president does n't mean he 's any different from other presidents . 
  i did n't say you ( consciously ) voted for him because he was black . 
  that 's quite the opposite of what i was suggesting . 
  being black helped a lot of people believe he 's actually different from previous candidates . 
  every candidate promises change , but obama is n't like everyone before him ( for some apparent reason ? ), 
   i agreed with almost everything he said which is why i was excited . 
  what sane person woud n't ? 
  but normally people are n't so ready to believe everything a politician promises . 
  once again i did n't say you voted for him because he was black . 
  ** you believed his bullshit because he was black ** . 
  every election has a candidate/democrat saying pretty much the same things , but this time it was * different * . 
  this post gave me cancer, 
  it 's not the few bucks . 
  it 's the annoyance of having to get all those cards etc. 
  back . 
  so he 's providing a service and all he asks for in return is virtual points with no value ? 
  sound allright to me . 
  yeah but that 's the one that was decent quality to begin with . 
  ca n't see shit in the canadian one . 
  h&m = well dressed ? 
  are you on drugs ? 
  h&m is the cheapest place to buy clothes , at least in sweden/finland . 
  they look good in adverts because they mimic big name designers but in reality they 're shit quality . 
  h&m is the opposite of well dressed . 
  i do n't go to h&m myself but my sisters do and rip out the tags because nobody wants to admit they buy clothes from h&m . 
  this is a wild suggestion but maybe he was joking ? 
  i did n't say i do n't understand the appeal . 
  cheap clothes that look more expensive than they are ( before they break ) . 
  i just pointed out h&m is the opposite of `` well dressed '' . 
  it 's like the wal-mart of clothing . 
   but that 's wrong , because wal-mart sells clothes . 
  so wal-mart is literally the wal-mart of clothing . 
  that 's actually true . 
  how about ikea . 
  it fits on multiple levels . 
  you would n't say `` who this guy has amazing interior design , everything 's from ikea . '', 
  would you ? 
  i 'm not well dressed either . 
  that does n't make cheap budget clothing any better . 
   if it looks good , then it looks good . 
  except clothing , like furniture , has other purposes than just looking good . 
  comfort , build quality etc. 
   i blame the russia goalie for this . 
   i played goalie for 10-11 years or so . 
  he knew exactly where the puck was . 
  i 've been in that situation . 
  of course she did . 
  goalies do n't go run to the referee and tell them the puck was actually in the net . 
  half the times they go to review goals the puck is n't visible and the call on the ice stands . 
  only the goalie knows . 
  i do n't think you 've ever seen pro sports . 
  sportsmanship 's all good but there 's a limit . 
  i 've watched a lot of sports in my life and never have i seen the defending team call themselves out on a goal/point/touchdown / basket whatever . 
  it does n't really matter where it ends up . 
  if the call on the ice was no goal ( like it was here ) and she knew she was lying on it ( not visible in cameras ) it does n't matter where they find it after the whistle . 
  just regular orange cheddar . 
  it does n't have a label since it 's from the cheese counter or whatever you call it . 
  yeah well little league baseball and the olympics are pretty different things . 
  suddenly the quality of sonic 06 makes sense . 
  i understood everything because i 'm not autistic enough to require perfect grammar . 
  i 'm the idiot slacker . 
  ama . 
  the nhl and iihf rules are different . 
  the call was actually correct by iihf rules . 
  page 51, 
   if a delayed penalty was to be assessed before the goal but play continues and a, 
  video replay determines a goal , then the penalty is washed out as it was to be, 
  assessed before the goal . 
  however , if th, 
  e penalty was to be called after the goal, 
  but before the stoppage of play then the penalty is to start at the reset time on the, 
  game clock . 
  compared to http://www.nhl.com/ice/page.htm?id=26489, 
   any penalties signaled during the period of time between the apparent goal and the next stoppage of play shall be assessed in the normal manner , except when a minor penalty is to be assessed to the team scored upon , and is therefore nullified by the scoring of the goal, 
  showering every day is too much work . 
  and soap 's expensive .
