  i paid attention to the signs and was never speeding etc. 
  i 've been in two accidents in my life and both of those were sober . 
  and i used to drive high more than i drove sober so it 's not even that . 
  now i 'm not denying that one can definitely be too high to drive . 
  i 've been too high to drive and chosen not to . 
  but a state of relaxation is really not as bad as they want you to believe . 
  i do n't know man . 
  it 's not like adults are better . 
  childhood just prepares you for the shithole that is world . 
  my driving instructor told me everyone 's a better driver after 1 beer but it goes downhill from there . 
  anyway the big difference between alcohol and weed in this aspect is that one makes you more accepting towards risks and gives you a `` false sense of invincibility '' while marijuana makes you overly cautious or even scared of risks . 
  of course they both have negative effects on your fine motor skills and reflexes , i wo n't deny that . 
  yeah that happens every now and then but it 's pretty goddamn rare . 
  also the difference between mouses can be mindblowing . 
  i had the logitech vx and you could scroll billions of pixels in one second but also smoothly descent one row at a time . 
  newsflash . 
  90 % of redditors are male . 
  never tried the fifa ultimate team because they 've made some absolutely retarded changes from the nhl ultimate team but at least the nhl one was fun . 
  best online sports game mode i 've ever played . 
  i have everything else on manual mut i just fucking hate the manual shot control . 
  semi is even worse . 
  why ca n't they have a nhl style shot control where the stick would represent the goal and right would mean right side of the goal and left the left side etc. 
  it 's not like it would be any easier than auto but at least you would have some control . 
  first of all in hut ( hockey ut ) all players have a career lenght that depends on their age . 
  this means getting messi once does n't mean he will always play every single game and forces the team into `` evolving '' indefinitely . 
  also upgrades are n't made for just a single game but to their entire career ( training cards are not as effective , more valuable and overall the system completely different ) . 
  this means scouting for young skilled players with good potential can be a very effective since you can train them more and they can play up to twice as many games as established superstars . 
  it also makes the teams rosters more interesting and not everyone 's just looking for the most famous players . 
  the second major difference ca n't really be blamed on ea since it 's a difference between the sports as well but in a video game environment one is definitely better than the other . 
  i 'm talking about salary cap , which also forces you into creativity regarding your team . 
  you ca n't just always dump all your best players in the field but are forced to give younger players and other less famous players with a smaller salary a chance . 
  there are many more minor differences , the trading system is different ( and better , yet not even close to perfect ) . 
  fut gets points for including nationalities into the chemistry system . 
  we do . 
  is n't left trigger just dribble mode/volley shots ? 
  or does it have a different effect with manual ? 
  thanks . 
  in this form that 's an even more fucked up conversation . 
  will you still keep posting new pics on other subreddits ? 
  i just came back from sweden . 
  there was only one kind of proper rye bread in the local supermarket . 
  and it was made by a finnish company . 
  i think everyone got that . 
  it 's the `` why '' part that should be explained . 
  the carb is up too high , there would be smoke trapped in that little part that leads to the downstem . 
  also that would be a bitch to empty/fill with water , not to even mention cleaning . 
  there 's no way to reach the spot that gets dirty the most . 
  i 'm not saying you should n't build it , but these are serious conserns with your design . 
  define problem, 
  why is this the most downvoted comment ? 
  it takes like 3 seconds to go back to fb and remove the `` like '' and make it as it never happened . 
  yeah maybe someone saw it for like a second but people do n't really care about your life as much as you think , not everyone 's constantly hitting f5 on your profile . 
  this is great for everyone with a screen resolution of 1498 x 837, 
  seriously people , do you understand what wallpaper subreddits are for ? 
  yeah i do n't see how this is such a big deal either . 
  sure he should have asked before he borrowed them but i use the same trimmer for my facial hair and pubic hair . 
  it 's just hair growing out of skin , it 's all the same . 
  eww it 's 5 centimeters from a penis , grow up . 
   was i the one of the only few children brought up with morals ? 
   i would eat a whole bottle of laxatives and aim the explosion of doom at his face while he was sleeping . 
  yeah this is definitely a more `` moral '' thing to do than borrowing someone 's hair clippers to cut some hair . 
  like 6 months ago . 
  it 's like tineye except 100 times better . 
  you can also just paste the url into the search without any add-ons . 
  a lot of times i get 0 results from tineye and countless results from google . 
  in google image search there are also options `` pages that include matching images '' and `` visually similar images '' if you scroll down a bit, 
  `` host '' ? 
  that would definitely help with the problem of emptying smoke but i do n't know if it would be enough to provide cleaning access . 
  maybe something small like a toothbrush could get in there , of course it all depends on the size of the carb and the final shape of the bong etc. 
  i do n't know what op means by `` sealed '' but if he plans to make the downstem `` permanent '' or non-removable it would also make cleaning really really difficult as you could n't get a bottle brush down in the `` curve area '' . 
  in this design that 's pretty much the only place that does get dirty . 
  i doubt there would be much residue in the space between the downstem 's crossing and the mouthpiece . 
  not sure if serious but a downstem is usually around a centimeter in diameter ( less than half an inch ) while the tube can be around 5-10 centimeters ( 2-4 '' ) so there 's plenty of space for the smoke to go around the downstem . 
   and i 'm not interested in any slippery slope arguments . 
  `` first they shut down the cp subreddits , then the next step is nazi germany v2 .0 '' . 
  i want answers , but i 'm not interested in your reason and logic . 
  saved . 
  feel free to find more, 
  yes i do and i also wash the trimmer after use . 
  pro tip : alt + f4 auto-corrects all your mistakes, 
  well you know to be honest , she should n't have gotten in the way if she was pregnant . 
  and besides who gives a shit if he does ? 
  the man lost his dog , it 's a bit more important than some imaginary internet points . 
  i 'll donate him all my karma if it helps finding the dog . 
  how is a submission 's score determined ? 
  a submission 's score is simply the number of upvotes minus the number of downvotes . 
  if five users like the submission and three users do n't it will have a score of 2 . 
  please note that the vote numbers are not `` real '' numbers , they have been `` fuzzed '' to prevent spam bots etc. 
  so taking the above example , if five users upvoted the submission , and three users downvote it , the upvote/downvote numbers may say 23 upvotes and 21 downvotes , or 12 upvotes , and 10 downvotes . 
  the points score is correct , but the vote totals are `` fuzzed '' . 
  i do n't understand how this helps with spam bots or why do they even show the score at all if it 's not truthful . 
  well yeah but if the score still stays accurate could n't the spam bots just follow that ? 
  the main reason for this is that murders are generally investigated by detectives . 
  pot arrests are left for the traffic cops and other lower ranking police officials . 
  not that the detectives could n't arrest him , they just often have more than enough on their plates ( unlike csi in real life one cop can investigate more than a dozen of cases , not have an entire team on one case ) . 
  does n't go over so well in a movie theater, 
  there are words ? 
  and i 'm supposed to undertand them ? 
  well that 's kinda the point of hiding it in a cup, 
  i 've tried f.lux .
