  it 's a `` full '' patch . 
  after 6.86 in december there was 6.86 b 6.86 c etc. 
  all the way to 6.86 f. 
  this patch is a whole new number so it 's not just tweaks but new major new content . 
   if you were talking about emulated games or ps4 games being played in theatre mode then i 'd agree . 
  that 's exactly what the post i replied to was talking about, 
   i 've heard of this `` digital 16 foot screen '' for non vr games . 
   having to pay a lot for what is only a few iso keys is pretty annoying . 
  i 'm okay with that . 
  what i really hate is finding that perfect set of keys only to have no mention of the iso keys anywhere on the site . 
  why would anyone think that sub is needed when this sub has existed for 5 years ? 
  it 's another case of someone wanting to moderate a sub so desperately they 'll make a `` new '' one that 's identical to an old one and split the userbase needlessly . 
  wear clothes that fit and they wo n't bunch up . 
  i do n't like boxer briefs squeezing my dick all day . 
  cod 's prime was uo or 2 , not the first one . 
  not really . 
  a blink is instant . 
  here in finland that second bottle is simply sold as `` ginger ale '' with no mention of america . 
  it 's turbocharged though . 
  that 's a train car . 
  this has nothing to do with liking mayonnaise . 
  i love mayonnaise and that 's disgusting . 
  liking an ingredient does n't mean it goes well with everything . 
   tell them i love them several times a day, 
  that sounds really strange unless they 're like babies, 
  you 've listened to his new album ? 
  sounds awkward as fuck tbh, 
  it would 've been if we got to witness it . 
  not a single replay with the game time side by side . 
  i 'm not saying the refs got it wrong because they probably did have the equipment needed but we might as well have been listening to it on radio . 
  if you use it properly it 's 100 % hit 0 % miss . 
  hide the ps4 . 
  you 're exactly the same as those people who say cod is more fun to play with a controller . 
  what kind of price did you get ? 
  i should probably do the same . 
  too bad all my games are digital . 
  liking burnt and badly prepared foor is subjective if you wan na go down that route . 
  and those people are really not used to kb + m. 
  so you are exactly the same . 
  sounds like a lot of trouble for $ 20, 
  yeah the same way not walking to the kitchen to get his meal is lazy, 
  no you did n't . 
  there was plenty of information out there before release . 
  you could get a code in the closed beta for 40 cents and after that there was even an open beta before launch . 
  you were just too lazy to do your research . 
  i was extremely hyped for it too before trying the beta and having seen footage from the full version i 'm glad i skipped it . 
  well i 'm glad on this site with millions of registered users what really matters are the karma points and the username nobody remembers for longer than 3 seconds anyway . 
  you seem to have missed a lot because not taking a personal stance on whether it 's good or not but the public opinion and reviews have been shitting on it since launch . 
  you wo n't notice if i do, 
   the people at the front getting squashed can turn to the person behind them and ask them to stop , but the person behind them is in the exact same predicament . 
  so he turns to the person behind him and asks them to stop and so forth ? 
  funny how the original source called it an ostrich in the video title and the place where this is filmed at idenfities as a `` giant-scale ostrich farm '' on their own website buy i guess you know better . 
  it would work easily even one person at a time if most of them were n't drunk out of their minds . 
  it 's not that hard to get info like `` people are suffocating '' across a crowd where large amounts of people can easily hear one person shouting . 
  this whole thing is a perfect example of whitewashing history . 
  sure , there were problems with the organizers but the main reason for the deaths were the actions of the fans . 
  now 25 years later we decide that 's victim blaming or whatever the fuck is considered not pc these days ? 
  the main problem of extremely repetitive content was there since release . 
  playerbase dropping rapidly is just an extension of that . 
   the division beta was a lot of fun, 
  it really was n't though . 
  every issue post launch like the extremely repetitive missions , small variety of enemies , boring loot , dark zone having very little thought put into it , the thematic problem with human enemies taking 200 shots etc. 
  were there in the beta . 
  it was an honest representation of what the game would be like so i ca n't really hate on ubi when they did give us that warning before launch . 
  the beta alone was enough to convince me , someone who had been incredibly hyped for this game since launch , to not buy the thing . 
   i felt the beta was okay but like you said : i could n't tell what the end game was going to really be . 
  i really , really do n't understand what makes you say that . 
  the beta was exactly the same as the final product , only shorter . 
  i played tropico 3 on 360 and the controls were n't an issue . 
  the problem was the hardcoded population cap that did n't exist on pc . 
  i do n't know if there is such a thing for tropico 5 . 
  the main problem with tropico 4 & 5 regardless of platform is that like 50 % of the game is broken up into very expensive dlc packages . 
  well you still have about # 50 worth of dlc to purchase if you want the whole game . 
  tropico is more focused on making your economy work where as cities skylines is like playing with legos with less emphasis on the budget . 
  though the economy stuff is n't exactly difficult in tropico either once you get the hang of it . 
  as someone with hundreds of hours in 3 , 4 and 5 i wish there was more variety to the buildings in tropico so you could create even nicer looking cities . 
  iirc there is no variety within a building type like a lot of modern city builders have . 
  the biggest problem with buying a tropico game ( 4 or 5 ) at launch is that you 're not even paying 60 $ for a tropico game . 
  you 're paying 60 $ for half of one . 
  they 're both so riddled with dlc that the base game has like half the buildings and if you play the `` full '' version it 's hard to imagine it without half the content . 
  i bought and liked 3 , bought 4 with dlc and felt scammed and just straight out pirated 5 with everything and definitely did n't regret it . 
  tropico 5 did n't have a high development budget or high levels of promotion . 
  it was created by haemimont games and published by kalypso media . 
  do those sound like aaa names to you ? 
  also it 's the same engine as 3 and 4 had with very little changes to either the technical presentation or the content . 
  they redid the textures on the buildings while keeping the exact same classifications of buildings , added a few new types of resources and a `` special '' building or two . 
  i love tropico but 4 and 5 were not `` fully new games '' and even 3 was n't aaa to begin with . 
  it 's smaller scale and there 's a bigger emphasis on you running the economy as it 's an island nation you are a dictator of rather than just zoning an area for businesses and letting them figure it out . 
  you set up resource gathering , import & export , educate your citizens to become better workers , try to get advanced industry going like making canned food from your banana fields or cigars from your tobacco fields etc. 
  and of course the typical simcity things like police stations , fire houses , entertainment . 
  there 's also a fair amount of foreign politics that tie into the importing and exporting where you get most of your income from before you get enough money to start focusing on tourism . 
  iirc the starting city is like 25 population and 250 is already a big one . 
  to give some perspective the population cap on x360 was 400 in tropico 3 ( only console tropico i 've played ) and that was already pretty big , i 've rarely gone over 1000 population on pc . 
  so you build individual houses rather than making entire city blocks at once . 
  it 's pretty much the same exact game for better or worse . 
  i have around 100 hours each in 3 , 4 and 5 and i would not be able to tell you which game a screenshot came from . 
  at least without the hud . 
  no , but the end game is n't that different from anything shown in the beta . 
  honestly i 've always treated tourism simply as a money sink to put all that extra income into once the economy gets rolling . 
  like a hobby powered by the actual economy .
