  enjoy american streams, 
  they 're keeping the puck to the outside though . 
  90 % of those 45 shots were point shots without traffic in front . 
  easy for holtby to pick . 
  yeah that 's been patched . 
  and it 's a bitch too because googling for advice the trophy system glitch is 99 % of the results . 
  emp nades make it pretty easy though . 
  i hate that you ca n't use a prestige token for pro perks , otherwise i 'd prestige endlessly . 
  it 's just not as much fun playing without sitrep pro . 
  also tradition . 
  north americans love their small rink and would never give it up . 
  europeans are used to the larger rink which gives the players more space and freedom . 
  personally i prefer a small rink even though i 'm european . 
  they tried it for international hockey in the vancouver olympics and it seemed to work just fine . 
  still both are pretty equally enjoyable to watch . 
  it 's fun to see north american star players who 've pratically never seen a big rink come play in the world cup and getting circled around by players accustomed to a wider rink . 
  because of the difference in playstyles there are a lot of extremely talented and succesfull european players who are simply not big enough to succeed in the nhl . 
  luckily after the '05 rule changes nhl is not as `` dirty '' as you ca n't hook and slash like you used to and we 're starting to see a lot more small skillfull players in the nhl . 
  i played with manual passing for about 200-300 games then switched to semi . 
  medium to long passes are actually easier ( or as easy with less mistakes ) with manual , but i kept losing the ball in those close quarters short passes . 
  it 's a trade-off , but i seem to do better with semi . 
  though it does annoy more when the computer fucks up than when you fuck up yourself . 
  me too !, 
  i brought it over as a souvenir when i was a kid . 
  great beach toy . 
  it has taught many european kids the wonders of throwing an american football . 
  yeah and what if you get a number that 's already eaten ? 
  just skip your turn ? 
  yes you should, 
  yeah . 
  the hit definitely deserves suspension but i think 25 is a bit much especially considering other suspensions/lack of suspensions in recent history . 
  i guess they 've been saving up those games that weber and other star players should have got and now that a small enough name is up for suspension they just decided to pour them all on him . 
  e. ok now that i saw the `` raffi torres targeting the head '' highlight reel i understand this decision better . 
   length : 7 year ( s ) value : $ 49,000,000 type : standard expiry status : ufa, 
  his contract extends to the 2018-19 season . 
  yeah well but they should n't keep stopping and starting . 
  they should keep a consistent policy . 
  while these videos are pretty amusing for the life of me i ca n't understand why someone would prefer these to actual footage in the news . 
  as a funny video on youtube it 's great . 
  if i try to watch the news and this crap comes on . . we 'll i would n't tune into those news ever again . 
  [ relevant south park clip ] ( http://www.southparkstudios.com/clips/152622/acceptable-forms-of-shit ), 
  boo hoo i saw a picture of a digital spider on the interbutt i 'm going to write a whiny comment telling everyone to fuck themselves . 
  i think `` i mean he 's very good at it , i do n't know if i could ` beat ' him so i 'm not even going to try . '', 
  definitely changes the tone of the sentence in the title . 
  if you 're going to just sim matches ( if you were just simming some you 'd probably play the champions league final ) football manager is probably a much better game for you . 
  i 'm not saying you 're playing fifa wrong or anything , just that if you 're purely interesting in managing fm does that like a billion times better and `` deeper '' than fifa . 
  this is fifa , not real world . 
  he 's stats are probably better in 2021 than they are now . 
  now that you mention it i do n't remember the last time i actually watched the news . 
  i think the first sentence makes that pretty clear . 
   this is the result of a simmed champions ' cup final in manager mode . 
  so ... new shoes , international jerseys and some stadiums ? 
  hardly worth the money if you ask me . 
  single player ? 
  could n't care less . 
  playing against the cpu is terrible . 
  upvoted nevertheless for information relevant to the game etc. 
  colombia . 
  aside from cb 's their entire team is practically 85 + spint speed and acceleration . 
  guarin ( cdm ) has 93 shot power . 
  quintero ( st ) 91 acceleration 94 sprint speed and 80 something dribbling . 
  you do have to switch players around quite a lot before playing though . 
  quintero is in reserves as a default and a lot of the other good playes are n't in either . 
  i play with colombia + my vp and most of the time my opponents pick a 5 star international team against me . 
  i still usually beat them . 
  i do n't play against spain or brazil though . 
  and once you 've done that with one team i recommend you learn a couple other teams with different types of play . 
  picking teams is a lot like rock paper scissors . 
  it 's good to have a team you know that can counter the playing style of the opponent 's team . 
  the thing i hate about manual is how badly the player ai is designed to work with it . 
  a lot of times the pass would be easily in the reach of the player i intended it to go to , but the player just stands there idly like he does n't even understand he 's supposed to play . 
  that 's the main reason i switched to semi , which has it 's flaws as well . 
  i do play with manual crosses , through passes and lob passes though . 
  manual shooting just sucks dick . 
  it should be like in the nhl series ( which is also manual but just in a way that makes more sense on a video game controller ) . 
  yeah subs are an essential part of the game . 
  if you have a problem with them i suggest you get some medication for you adhd . 
  and the clock is n't even visible while in the squad/formation menu !, 
  worst game design ever . 
  yup . 
  and i hate it when my opponent scores a beautiful/strange goal and even though i never press a the game still skips the replays because he 's got adhd or something . 
  it should wait until both players are ready , like in nhl . 
   the setting - old trafford . 
  united vs juventus ( me ) . 
  tied at 1-1 . 
  90th minute , de gea has overkicked a goal kick straight to buffon . 
  at this stage i have a full power bar for clearing it right back to them . 
  because op said it was manu, 
  i know how to defend against it . 
  very few players ever score against me with a lobbed through passes even though they constantly try it . 
  it just ends up in me gaining posession . 
  i do n't see how it 's a disgrace to the game . 
  if it was impossible to defend against i 'd get it but it is n't . 
  then you can either move to an area with a transit system or stop complaining about `` paying for your car '' or `` gas prices '' because those are problems you brought on yourself . 
  this is the stuff nightmares are made of . 
  i hope that was n't your first . 
  she looks too stupid to be a perfect woman . 
  i 'm not saying she is stupid for sure in real life because i do n't know her , but ... she definitely looks that way . 
   do you guys count this as an m.o.a.b ? 
  yeah i think it 's the actions that count toward acquiring the moab that 's the impressive part , not the five or so kills you get using it .
