  the point is his public statements have been extremely different from previous popes . 
  things like [ atheists can get into heaven ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/pope-francis-assures-atheists-you-don-t-have-to-believe-in-god-to-go-to-heaven-8810062.html ) , [ gays should n't be judged ] ( http://time.com/3975630/pope-francis-lgbt-issues/ ) etc. 
  people are used to popes being conservative old men . 
  not really . 
  he 's alienating a lot of conservative members of the church/vatican . 
  do n't forget not everyone agrees with reddit hivemind 's views . 
   `` take pictures of people ... in 20 years nobody is going to care to see the view from your hike , you are going to want to see yourself and whoever you were with . '', 
  i care a lot more about views than people tbh . 
  cool picture from 30 years ago is extremely cool now . 
  pictures of people are just shit you look at not to appear rude . 
   while i would like it to be nice and fluffy like that, 
  you mean nice and fluffy like heaven existing ? 
   so , you do n't even really care about heaven , or going there ... do you ? 
  of course i do n't . 
  that 's not the point . 
  i do n't appreciate the pope saying atheists get into heaven because it would make me believe in afterlife . 
  i appreciate the pope saying atheists get into heaven because he 's an influental figure for billions of people and saying we 're all more alike than many people historically believe is always good for world peace and all that stuff that actually matters in the real world . 
   many of his devotees know that , biblically speaking , he 's wrong . 
  it 's still better than nothing and even if there are people who disagree the pope 's opinion weighs a lot and others will listen . 
   but that 's not what he said . 
  yes it is . 
  it 's one more thing we share . 
   he made a case that atheists can go to heaven . 
  the bible does not support this . 
  see above . 
  does n't matter . 
  convincing some is better than none no matter what the bible says . 
  i do n't even know what we 're talking about and now i want one, 
  let 's try this again . 
   he is the head of the catholic church . 
  yes . 
  therefore he has a lot of influence over a lot of people . 
   his rule book is the bible . 
  i do n't care . 
   he 's lying to you . 
  the bible says so . 
  i do n't care . 
  you 're still caught up in this delusion that i would believe him when he says atheists get into heaven . 
  of course i do n't believe him , i do n't believe in heaven . 
  what i do believe is that i have to live on the same planet as people who do listen to what he says and that an influential person advocating people of all beliefs as equal is benefitial to my life and everyone else 's even if i personally do n't believe a word he says . 
   if , tomorrow , the president issued executive orders shutting down fox news , outlawing guns , allowing police to search property with no warrant ... what would you say ? 
  `` yay '' or `` the president can not do those things , because they are unconstitutional '' ? 
  i would protest because that goes against my beliefs . 
  not because of some old piece of paper , but because i personally think it 's wrong . 
  i do n't believe promoting the belief that we 're all equal is wrong . 
  an old book or an influential figure going against said old book is absolutely meaningless to me . 
  i believe what he 's saying is benefitial to the human species as a whole . 
  that 's the only thing i take into consideration . 
   convincing some of what ? 
  literally nothing . 
  so you 're saying that the pope , the head of the catholic church , wo n't influence the beliefs of catholics when he makes public statements if those statements go against the bible ? 
  you 're really underestimating the power of the pope 's institution and overestimating how many christians actually even read the bible or believe every word of it like fundamentalists . 
  yeah i 'm here for the first time too for the exact same purpose . 
  though i was n't a huge fan of the first tv episode either . 
  or get swifty . 
  i was hoping he died and they did n't get another one from the daycare . 
  i like to think that there 's a separate 100-105 bracket where his time would get crushed, 
  you 've heard wrong, 
  on pc there 's nothing wrong with blight town since it 's buttery smooth 60 fps just like the entire game is . 
  on xbox it 's like 5-15 fps . 
  that 's the reason people hate blight town . 
  gameplaywise it 's fine . 
  i play with the unlock and have n't had a single drop below 60 in any part of the game . 
  i originally played the game on 360 ( a few playthroughs ) and it was hell . 
  well there 's a traditional pc gaming solution to that called `` get a better pc '' . 
  yeah his speed is hardly even a factor here . 
  he 's just much bigger than the other kids . 
  no one even really tried to tackle him head on , they were just kinda hanging onto him . 
  which is understandable since he weighs twice as much as everyone else . 
  i have the same cpu as you and do n't get any drops . 
  i assume you have dsfix , try fiddling with the options or something . 
  i 'm not saying the game is n't poorly optimized because it is but even with its poor optimization i 'm able to play without fps drops in blighttown or anywhere else . 
  oh it is n't . 
  but it still runs a lot better than either ps3 or 360 if you have a decent pc . 
  and the community made dsfix helps a lot , without it you can consider it an awful port . 
  why would you date someone like that if you obviously do n't share those views ? 
  desperate for anything ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's the rk95 not the rk62 but i might be wrong . 
  the stock should be indicative of 95 though . 
  you have this weird idea that militaries choose their weapons based on what looks good in the propaganda . 
  the rk62/95 is a copy of the most popular assault rifle in the world manufactured in finland with high standards and precision . 
  russia uses tke ak-47 because it 's a good rifle . 
  finland copied it because it 's a good rifle designed to thrive in environments similiar to the finnish-russian border which is basically the entire lenght of finland . 
  not using it simply because the other side uses them too would be idiotic . 
   it still has n't made enough sense to change something that works . 
  kind of similar thing why the m16 is still used even though there are better choices . 
  just not enough compared to the cost . 
  in finland the non-nato status and huge stockpiles of these and especially vaults full of 7.62 x39 ammo make total conversion seem really expensive with minimal gain . 
  yeah the rk62 is an old rifle by now and there are better alternatives on the market , but that was n't the case in the 60s . 
  back then even without any political reasons a well-manufactured ( the rk62s were designed and manufactured by two finnish companies valmet and sako ) ak-47 copy was pretty much the best possible rifle the finnish army could hope for . 
  these days the country has a number of things more important than military spending and what little is spent on the military is better used elsewhere than replacing the standard service rifle that still functions just fine even if it is n't up to 21st century standards . 
  i mean you people do realize this is a bug ? 
  or maybe bug 's not the right term but a workaround with unintended consequences . 
  people are talking in this thread like the dagger crit cleave is a thing that 's here to stay . 
  no shit ? 
  it 's obviously not working as intended and a side effect of the workaround they used to introduce melee attack effects to a ranged spell . 
  yeah it happened yesterday or the day before that in a pro game . 
  not everyone enjoys the mechanics and writing of mgs games . 
  and despite personally liking them i can totally understand that . 
  though from what i understand mgs5 pretty much entirely abandoned the mechanics of previous titles .
