  i would n't do it every week but if you have `` party history '' together i 'd think you 'd get an advantage over someone who he has purely a business relationship with . 
  well that 's simply the stupidest thing i 've heard all day . 
  pun semi intended . 
  whenever i do go out i 'm with other people who 've made the conscious decision to * go out * . 
  those people are rarely sober and even if so they 're certainly not judgemental of drunk people . 
  if they did n't like drunk people why would they * go out * ? 
  they 'd just stay at home where they would n't run into drunk people . 
  i think this only applies to people under the age of 16 or so ( or 21 if you 're american ) . 
  when drinking was still `` cool '' and people who were against it we 're seen as `` stuck up '' and there actually were people who considered it a statement . 
  when you 're an adult no one really cares that strongly either way . 
  except for those people who never grew up . 
  you 're surprised a game of this scale ( in both content and people playing it ) has a bug or two that some people have witnessed and submitted to reddit ? 
  those `` weird screen flashes '' usually mean a random event spawned or someone chasing you gave up . 
  at least both of those two things are signaled by a screen flash , i do n't know if you have something else as well . 
  i 've played it for ~ 140hrs and so far i 've encountered very few bugs . 
  in online there 's some collision issues but mainly due to lag . 
  in single player i 've only seen one bug and it was extremely minor . 
  for a game this large and having millions and millions of people playing it and reporting bugs i feel like there 's surprisingly few . 
  just because you see multiple bugs a day on reddit does n't mean that 's the average gaming experience . 
  `` look guys i played gta and di n't get any bugs '' would n't really get many upvotes . 
  she has been topless , but they did n't really show anything . 
  there 's tons of extra room . 
  the problem is they 're all trying to hit the top left corner since that 's the direction of the next checkpoint ( and thus the shortest route ) . 
  you 'd have this exact problem with checkpoints 10x the size . 
  i know it 's on by default but i 've never played with it on even when i was n't the host . 
  and i 've played well over a 100 races . 
  crashing in races is not considered poor sportsmanship . 
  that and there 's tons of extra room . 
  the problem is they 're all trying to hit the top left corner since that 's the direction of the next checkpoint ( and thus the shortest route ) . 
  you 'd have this exact problem with checkpoints 10x the size . 
  besides there 's tons of extra room . 
  the `` problem '' is they 're all trying to hit the top left corner since that 's the direction of the next checkpoint ( and thus the shortest route ) . 
  you 'd have this exact problem with checkpoints 10x the size . 
  i feel like that 's the joke, 
  yeah but then what 's the point of online gaming ? 
  i like the idea in races etc. 
  leaving them or any missions or activities prematurely should be discouraged . 
  i 'm not sure what they were thinking when it comes to blowing up personal vehicles , especially when you have to pay the other guys insurance premium anyway . 
  we were talking about parties . 
  most public places do n't qualify as parties . 
  most people are in parties and thus ca n't hear you . 
  i did have some fun though playing yesterday for almost 10 hours with strangers all using mics . 
  is this your first day in a university ? 
  nobody cares if you fuck around on the computers unless there are other people who would need it more . 
  it 's not high school , nobody 's checking up to make sure you 're studying . 
  it 's your own time your wasting , nobody else 's . 
  did you try to ask if anyone would mind letting you use their computer or just frown in a corner passive agressively and post complaints on reddit ? 
  i 've been to university for 2 years now and i still have n't used a single page of my `` printing allowance '' . 
  we simply have no need for paper anymore . 
  i have n't even owned a pen in years . 
  might as well be bots if you ca n't communicate with them . 
  would have *, 
  rule no . 
  4 : never get high on your own supply, 
  this video really made me appreciate the new automatic video stability feature in youtube . 
  just look at that timestamp , the original video was probably shaking like hell . 
  you sound a little butt hurt . 
  what 's wrong with flip flops or pajama pants ? 
  do they make you a worse student ? 
  absolutely not . 
  if anything i study better when i 'm comfortable and not worrying about my appearance but only focusing on my studies . 
  how is not dressing up to do some schoolwork `` lack of social skills '' or `` pathetic '' ? 
   but you put some butter , season salt . 
  ground beef with salt and pepper mix it together i would n't call that complicated . 
  well it 's ten times more complicated than what i described and also about ten times better . 
  see the pattern ? 
  in other countries than the u.s. pulling their guns out is n't the first thing the police do . 
  they only do it when absolutely necessary . 
  this is n't bashing , it 's just the way it is . 
  i 've dealt with police in the u.s and he had his gun out ( though not pointing at me ) even though it was a non-violent crime and we had n't ran . 
  it seems to be protocol . 
  with the local gun laws i 'm not surprised or blaming them either . 
  i do n't think he ran a red light . 
  if anything he waited for it to turn green as you can see the traversing street having a red light . 
   casual students are not ` focused on their studies ' . 
  they are lazy , sloppy assholes who think they deserve an a and a degree just for showing up in their pajamas . 
  what made you think that ? 
  did they come up to you and say `` i deserve an a '' ? 
  or did you make that up in your passive aggressive delusions ? 
  but , but ... imaginary lines drawn on maps . 
  i must feel connected to and care for everyone inside them and think outsiders are different . 
  yeah but that 's the exact symbol used by people referred to as `` is\u00e4m maan puolustajat '' ( literal translation : `` defenders of the fatherland '' ( or motherland or homeland ) meaning nationalists or even neo-nazis . 
  if i saw anyone wearing a shirt or a necklace with that lion i 'd automatically think they 're an idiot and most likely racist . 
  kinda like using the confederate flag in the u.s. 
  it 's more common in the countryside ( again like the confederate flag ) but then again so are those ideals . 
  get friends ? 
  i 've blown up closer to ten cars and i 'm still `` clean '' . 
  i am level 50 with 65hrs in online though so maybe if i destroyed 10 cars in 5 hours it 'd be a different thing . 
  i do n't know really . 
  gta v is definitely not as `` toned down '' as gta iv was . 
  it reminds me more of san andreas with a lot more humour . 
  it acknowledges what it is and makes the best of it , unlike gta iv which had a weird mix of a serious and almost depressing story about a poor immigrant with moral issues about killing people while you actually had 4 million dollars in your bank account and ran over random pedestrians . 
  in gta v the story and the gameplay go hand in hand . 
  san andreas is still great , i replayed it about a year ago . 
  it 's nothing compared to gta v though . 
  gta v is simply the best game i 've played in current generation . 
  it 's not really even a competition now that online is out . 
  it 's simply better than anything else money can buy . 
  vice city i 've played through about 6 times and it has the best atmosphere , but the age is more noticeable than in sa and it has annoying technical issues and design choices like not being able to swim etc. 
  it 's still an amazing game nevertheless especially if you can enjoy a game for it 's story .
