  looked like that to me too at first but if you watch it in slowmo there 's nothing strange going on . 
  source 's competetive scene being a joke does n't mean there ca n't be good csgo players that formerly played cs : s. 
  it does n't . 
  it 's just annoying as hell to watch . 
  do n't believe anyone who tells you the sig is better than ak . 
  never buy the sig . 
  unbind mouse wheel from weapon selection . 
  bind grenades to individual buttons . 
  do n't buy a deagle on pistol rounds . 
  learn callouts and pay attention to minimap . 
  those recoil master and bot shooting maps are a good way to practice recoil patterns . 
   the russia of america, 
  you do n't have to look further than the front page of liveleak to confirm that, 
  yeah there 's no big scratches or anything on the guy 's back and his head first hits the ramp a lot lower than where the mark starts from . 
  i also care a lot more about stray dogs than i do about homeless people . 
  what 's your point ? 
  yeah but where do you draw the line ? 
  if video technology was allowed for bookings/free kicks/penalties then the teams would want a review of every single call or non-call and declining it when it 's `` easily available '' could easily be seen as favouritism and cause further speculation . 
  i definitely like the goal line technology but video review for calls is too much imo . 
  there 's a reason other sports that have had video goal review for decades do n't use video for penalties either . 
  just because you 're human does n't mean your life is more valuable than a dog . 
  they 're both living organisms i do n't know personally and both of which there are more than a billion in the world . 
  in fact because you 're human you were most likely given a chance to not fuck your life up . 
  dogs rarely get a choice in the matter . 
  it 's a lot easier to sympathize with an innocent victim than someone who caused their own misery . 
  stay edgy, 
   if you find low visiblity is loosing you aim duels , because they camped some gayspot where you ca n't see them , how the fuck does that make you feel ? 
  they got an unfair edge by abusing the current forced settings , and beat you by it . 
  that 's not an unfair edge . 
  the sides change at half time and i can camp him back . 
  or learn from my mistakes and check that spot in the future or even use it myself against another opponent . 
   would n't you rather have the capability to counter those faults in map design, 
  lighting has always been a part of map design in cs . 
  taking the entire aspect of darkness away from maps is n't `` fixing '' them , it 's limiting the map makers ' potential . 
  if i really found some camp spot unbearable to play against ( has n't happened yet ) i 'd just not play that map until it 's changed . 
   which a majority of the time it is n't, 
  that 's simply not true . 
  we say that because it 's a nice thought and overall talking shit about someone who 's already in a bad place is unnecessary and pointless but you and i both know they more than likely got themselves in that situation whether it was drugs or alcohol or gambling or other poor life decisions . 
  the major shareholder and former sole owner of reddit had a revenue of 8 billion dollars last year alone . 
   whenever there is a gayspot as i stated , it gets patched fast . 
  the car spot dd2 , ovp boost , train update pixel walk . 
  all patched fairly damn fast . 
  why ? 
  becuase these spots were low visibility and put players at a disadvantage . 
  we have precedent for valve being against map position based visibility disadvantages - ie precedent for putting fullbright and mintextures into the game . 
  to me that sounds like valve 's listening to the community and reacting quickly is eliminating the need for further measures, 
   playing with increased saturation gives more of a benefit than fullbright or plain textures ( increased saturation makes it easier to spot people in smokes ) and loads of people are just fine with that . 
  that 's because it 's a graphics card driver setting . 
  there 's nothing valve can do about it even if they wanted to so you might as well accept it . 
   and you think that homeless people , by definition , cause their own misery ? 
  i never said anything like that . 
  let 's see what i said, 
   in fact because you 're human you were most likely given a chance to not fuck your life up . 
  not only did i say most likely which totally contradicts your interpretation of `` by definition '' i also never said the only way to be homeless is to cause it yourself . 
  having a chance at a good life does n't mean you have to go out of your way to fuck up to become homeless . 
  say a man works at a metal sheet factory that gets closed because the industry is n't profitable anymore and he goes broke and homeless . 
  was it his own fault ? 
  most people would say no but you ca n't deny that as a kid he had the opportunity to study hard , get a scholarship or go to community college and get a much better job that is n't manual labor and in danger of being moved away to third world countries . 
  he had a chance . 
   but people still get bad fps , putting them at a disadvantage . 
  not having sufficient hardware to run a game properly is hardly comparable to config/setting tweaks that alter the game . 
  there 's always someone whose computer is too old to run the game no matter how much freedom you give with the settings . 
  at some point you just have to draw a line and say that it 's your own fault if you try to play csgo on a pc this slow . 
  yeah . 
  `` not all '' . 
  running away from home as an adolescent would be a prime example of said `` poor life decisions '' . 
  there are systems in place for people who face sexual and physical abuse at home . 
  sure living in a foster home is n't equivalent to loving parents but it 's not like you 're completely powerless and doomed to fail just because social services take you in . 
  if you stay in school , study hard and have such a sob story to milk you 're bound to get a scholarship . 
  also one story about a boy raped with a milk bottle is pretty anecdotal and hardly relevant when talking about what the majority of homeless are like . 
   so people should have to be at a disadvantage for not being rich ? 
  yes . 
  it 's impossible to make a game more complex than pong and not have somebody whose computer ca n't run it . 
  no matter how optimized and low graphical fidelity a game gets there is always a pc that ca n't run it . 
  it 's impossible trying to create a game that runs on every computer in the world . 
  that 's why there needs to be a cut-off point . 
   they should not be forced to play at a fps that could make them sick, 
  nobody is forcing anyone to play anything . 
  because again you 're talking about giving an edge to people by lowering graphics settings way beyond what is standard for this decade . 
  people do n't want to play a game that looks like complete ass but they 'd be compelled to since it gives an advantage and they know other people do it since it 's allowed . 
  also if you want the real reason it 's because valve does n't make its money from the sales of the game . 
  people who are poor enough to have an ancient computer wo n't pay 19.99 for csgo , they 'll get it for 3.99 during a steam sale . 
  but what sets them apart is that they 're unlikely to spend money purchasing keys and other cosmetics that basically have a 100 % markup for valve . 
  they 'll just keep playing the base game on valve hosted matchmaking servers which costs them money every day . 
  if valve has to choose between keeping people with disposable income happy and pleasing poor people which one do you think they 'll choose ? 
  i see you coming up with lots of scenarios in which a person ends up homeless due to bad luck . 
  i totally agree that it is possible . 
  it 's just that most homeless do n't have such a perfect victim story with none of their own influence . 
  or maybe they do when they 're telling it but they 're hardly a reliable source are they ? 
   suffer from mental disorders, 
   lack the intelligence, 
   not sufficiently intelligent to do anything other than pretty basic , repetitive tasks, 
  but if someone is struggling from such low intellect and possible mental disorders that even with hard work and dedication they ca n't learn to grasp anything more complex than repetetive manual labour would n't you agree that they were `` fucked from the start '' for lack of a better expression . 
  that is to say even if we did help them get off the street the likelihood of them sustaining a regular lifestyle in today 's world would be very low . 
  they 're just not cut out for the task and apparently in this example it 's something they ca n't overcome despite working hard at it . 
  now the question is why would i , a person who does n't struggle with such impediments , or the society in general waste our time , effort and resources trying to help this man who is doomed to failure ? 
  is n't it better to know when to cut your losses ? 
  i find it very hard to believe you could make a low-res texture pack that did n't give any advantage or disadvantage anywhere . 
  it does n't have to be blatant like players becoming invisible against a wall , the less detail you have on the map the easier it is to make out objects that do n't belong there . 
  oh i 'm not saying the rules would demand they get their review , i 'm saying the teams would protest endlessly every single time they did n't .
