  i have the same problem even when i click on the links though , not just inline image viewer . 
   it 's not that bad . 
  it 's mainly a lot of trial and error, 
  this sounds like a huge contradiction in my mind, 
  i 've had my zippo now for about 6 years and it works like new . 
  before that i had one for abour 5 years , nothing wrong with it either but they confiscated it from my briefcase on a flight . 
  apparently it would had been fine to have it in my pocket but luggage is a no-no . 
  who knows anymore . 
  i 'm more confused why pictures are square ? 
  nowadays it 's easy to just think it 's always been like that but if the lens is circle and our eyes see ovals who got the idea to put a stupid square film in a camera . 
  i know old cameras had just one `` frame '' of film in them at a time and even they were square so it 's not just to make rolls of film easier . 
  you do n't put the brazzers logo over the boobies !, 
  reddit is full of men . 
  men make comments amongst themselves about women they see . 
  it 's not just a reddit thing by any means . 
  also nobody 's wondering why there are no girls . 
  we 're simply enjoying . 
   only some of the stuff he said did n't really match, 
  no it all did , maybe you just have n't heard about it, 
  it 's a feature on a ps2 because of the loading times . 
  it takes like 2 seconds on a 360 to go from `` quit match '' to picking new teams . 
  i 'm willing to bet a lot of money that diablo 3 had a part in this . 
  i have n't started up my xbox in 2 weeks and judging by the friends list on xbox.com neither have ~ 90 % of my friends . 
  good for minecraft , i like minecraft , not trying to take anything away from them but just pointing it out . 
  i 'm glad [ p\u00e4ivi r\u00e4s\u00e4nen ] ( http://www.iltalehti.fi/uutiset/2012052615627117_uu.shtml ) already said this event will be taken into consideration in the upcoming gun law renewal . 
  especially considering the shooter did n't have a license for the rifles . 
  i hope they finally outlaw illegal weapons . 
  2 people ? 
  i can recall at least 4 shootings in the last couple of years . 
  jokela , kauhajoki , espoo ( sello ) and now this . 
  that 's the joke, 
  god bless reddit . 
  a website where you must either have a silly username or use a special tag in order to use sarcasm . 
   i do n't have any statistics , but just going by memory most of the most horrific firearm crimes in all of the nordic countries happen in finland . 
  that 's true , but also the [ overall homocide rate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ) of finland is over twice as high as sweden or denmark for example . 
  most finnish homicides are committed with knives and axes . 
  it 's not just about guns and gun laws . 
  it 's a cultural problem . 
  while we have been largely influenced by swedes finland is not a scandinavian country and neither is our people . 
  you see a priest admitting to child sex next to a little boy saying `` boy it 's hot ! '', 
  and you need reddit to realize the joke ? 
  also there 's no way this was accidental . 
  well you knew he was a priest so how surprised can you be ? 
  yeah exactly like that . 
  i 'm glad we 're on the same page . 
  maybe weed helps you realize how completely pointless karma is . 
  i 'm pretty certain no one was hurt by that picture . 
  how are they not sticking out ? 
  did you cut the cover in half or something ? 
  i saw it on tv when i was 10ish . 
  i 'm actually surprised it was on finnish tv that quickly ( ~ ' 99 - ' 01 ), 
  yes it does . 
  it 's much better with what . 
  he 's a douche off the ice as well . 
  i wo n't go into great detail because i 'd probably get them wrong but for example his first wife divorced him after finding out he was having a relationship with her brother 's wife . 
  i need to know who she is, 
  it does a karmadecay search automatically and posts the results so we do n't have to, 
  boobs on youtube . 
  not something you see everyday, 
  well of course i watch all my shows and movies off a tv screen as well , but it 's not like i 'd be dependant on tv programming . 
  big difference . 
  my tv has n't actually been hooked up to anything but the computer and xbox for the last 3 years or so . 
  and to answer your question : it 's an acceptable method if you do n't mind the 50-50 advertisements/content ratio . 
  i just ca n't do it . 
  next you 'll tell me they pay extra for cable . 
  streaming may be the hot thing at the moment but there 's nothing better than good old fashioned downloading . 
  it took me 3 seconds to find seasons 1-6 of the powerpuff girls . 
  and that included the time it took to create a new tab . 
  i can have an entire season on my computer in a matter of minutes . 
  when i open up my tv , instead of `` is there anything on '' it opens to a 2 terabyte library that has anything and everything i might want to watch . 
  because it 's the year 2012 . 
  it 's diablo . 
  if hurting a tiny bit of gameplay would make the story ten times better i do n't want them to do it . 
  there are games where story is important , diablo is not one of them . 
  and i 'm glad they prioritized gameplay over everything else . 
   victory seemed inevitable and meaningless, 
  for me the sense of victory was for the fact i got to play nightmare . 
  could n't care less about the heaven/hell thingy . 
  granted diablo has a great universe , but the story has never been more than an excuse for new types of mobs to spawn . 
  and that does n't really bother me , there are other games if i want a good story . 
  actually a lot of times i look at tv schedule for movie ideas . 
  then i just dowload them and enjoy the movie without ads . 
  from my tv and home threatre of course . 
  tl ftw  too bad sct is not here anymore . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'll be the first to admit he is ( or atleast was ) one of the best goaltenders in the league . 
  i just do n't like him as a person , based on interviews and little facts like the one above . 
  i personally think people went a little overboard with this `` no racism '' thing . 
  do n't get me wrong i do n't support any sort of discrimination but there are evidence of both cultural and physical differences between our different `` races '' and even mentioning these facts these days instantly labels you as a racist . 
  yes there is , but my point is that this difference is often forgotten these days . 
   inner beauty, 
  it 's the oasis in act 2 . 
  and just like the top comment i purposfully do this . 
  every time , any difficulty . 
  it 's not my first time but i still ca n't believe it, 
  the crashes are cool, 
  i do n't get it either . 
  i see salt piles everywhere and never pick it up . 
  for me it 's the same as rusted cups and stuff . 
  i do n't understand what all the fuss is about . 
  yeah but while that may be true i 've never had a need for it either,
