  that `` staring '' is part of the delay . 
  it 's to control the time it takes you to respawn so that even the quickest respawn is slower than a revive . 
  it 's intended . 
  they just figured people would rather look at the corpse than a black screen . 
   people who do n't believe the control sticks ' surfaces wearing out is n't a real issue are deluding themselves , unfortunately - it 's a very real issue and seems to have affected most of the people i know with the ps4 to some degree or another , myself included . 
  already !? 
  i admit the thumbsticks wearing out is a real issue in any controllers but you could play 360 or ds3 actively for a year before it had any effect on the thumbsticks . 
  who the fuck is penelope ? 
  is n't that henessy ? 
  well i care when i try to look for this scene in a quality that 's somehow acceptable . 
  i could n't even make out her face on this quality , what makes you think i 'd enjoy her having sex if it 's the same pixel clusterfuck ? 
  you learnt this today ? 
  oh that 's ok , it 's not like it 's the most important economy related thing in the last decade . 
  am i supposed to recognize that name ? 
  probably http://metareddit.com/, 
  what if i do n't want a productive lifestyle ? 
  this sub nowadays is like reading a fucking pr statement from some pro-legalization organization . 
  when i have weed and homework i decide i wo n't smoke before i get it done . 
  then after about 8-12 hours of not doing my homework anyway i decide it 's too late to start and just get high . 
  weed is a fucking drug . 
  of course it has negative impacts on your life . 
  some smaller than others . 
  every drug does . 
  besides who the fuck are you telling others how to enjoy their drugs ? 
  yes you are a precious special snowflake . 
  i feel like i 'm wasting my weed if i try doing homework while high . 
  a number of reasons ? 
  i did n't know any others than `` he does n't want to '' . 
  does day9 still live with his mom ? 
  i 'm 100 % certain that `` roommate '' he keeps talking about is his mom . 
   ideally you 're a job that interests you immensely but it 's neither a good or bad thing if that 's not the case . 
  what ? 
  of course it 's a bad thing if you are n't interested in your work . 
  i 'm aware a lot people work shit jobs they do n't care about . 
  that does n't make it a good thing . 
   if you do n't want to do anything with your life but smoke weed my personal opinion is that your just falling into a stereotype that anti-marijuana people love to preach about when they argue about the detrimental affects of legalization . 
  i 'm not paid to represent anyone . 
  ever since legalization became a somewhat realistic prospect all people care about is `` how this makes weed smokers look '' . 
  i 'm not about to change myself and become politically correct just because you think it 'd be nice to smoke legally . 
  i 'd rather be open and honest and smoke illegal weed than try to appear a functioning member of society when i 'm not . 
  besides was n't the whole `` be yourself , do n't care what others think '' thing pretty essential to the entire `` weed culture '' ? 
  it 's 7am and i still have n't gone to bed . 
   this is really my beef with `` stoners '' . 
  if we want it legal we need to treat it as the drug that it is , not wake n bake every day . 
  what if i do n't give a shit about you and what you want . 
  i 'm not about to change myself and try to act like a model citizen and a contributing member of society just because you 'd like it if weed smokers appeared that way . 
  i 'd rather wake 'n bake illegal weed . 
  except most stoners are fucking lazy . 
  i miss the time legalization did n't seem like a realistic idea and people were simply open and honest about this shit . 
  nowadays it 's all about `` trying to keep a good image '' . 
  i do n't give a shit about my image , i 'll smoke weed whether it 's legal or not anyway . 
   hanging out with my niggas from / mlp /, 
   that 's what we like . 
  if you do n't like it . 
  that 's fine . 
  but i do like it . 
  that does n't mean i want 9/10 of the jokes i hear/see to be about the same subject or simply flat out old jokes . 
  i do n't have a problem with racial humor . 
  i have a problem with how that 's the only kind of humor on vine . 
  i love puns . 
  a movie that 's nothing but puns would be fucking terrible . 
   hatred and violence must stop or we will end as a species i fear . 
  lol time to play spot the middle schooler, 
  yes , someday we will end as a species . 
  yes it will probably be due to hatred and/or violence . 
  no , you ca n't save the world no matter how many peace symbols you draw on your desk . 
  it 's the year 2014 and you 're surprised there 's racism everywhere on the internet ? 
  proud ? 
  advertise ? 
  where do you come up with this shit . 
   i 'm sorry but i think that i speak for everyone at r/trees , we do n't want you . 
  yeah well the thing is that i 'm much more likely to end up on the 6 o'clock news stoned than any of you properly acting motherfuckers so it does n't really matter what you like . 
  i 'm your representative either way and i do n't even like you people . 
  also this is a great example of how this legalization business is ruining the community . 
  3 years ago no one on r/trees would have said `` we do n't wa n't you here if you 're not a productive member of society '' . 
   you 're pretty immature to say that you do n't really care about it being legalized and not demonized . 
  did it ever cross your mind maybe i grow weed for a living . 
  that 's why i 'm on this website about weed . 
  maybe my kids can afford new clothes because weed is illegal and the prices are high . 
  fuck your demonization and immaturity asshole . 
  well if it does n't hurt you then why did you just say you have `` beef '' with those people ? 
  in all likelihood some major corporation would lobby all kinds of regulations and other legal bullshit that would make my grow op a lot less profitable . 
  and i would have to compete with hundreds of other legal operations . 
  if someone truly wanted to make a profit they 'd have huge fields full of this shit with immigrants working next to nothing . 
  the only reason i 'm able to make a living is that it 's illegal and i do n't have to compete with huge corporations . 
  i 'd probably have to cut my prices by at least half if it was legal and that 's not even counting the taxes i do n't pay right now . 
  none of my expenses would be lowered by legalization . 
  i 'm not saying there 's anything wrong with that dream . 
  just that it 's never going to happen so it 's better to focus on reality and make the best of it . 
  the hint ? 
  you mean how four unknown strangers on the internet disliked my comment ? 
  should i see the error in my ways now ? 
  perhaps stop from expressing my opinions ever again so that i wo n't lose internet points ? 
  why would you have to unsubscribe ? 
  you can still enjoy the pretty pictures even if you stay out of the comment section . 
  personally i believe everyone 's a racist whether they admit it or not so i do n't really spend my time worrying about which subreddit has the most racist users . 
  cartel sells shit weed , that 's the difference . 
  if they did n't have to smuggle it across state lines it 'd be much easier for them too to produce quality product . 
  it should be possible now too but i guess they 're too busy making money from hard drugs to really care about the weed market . 
   yea , there could be huge corporations producing weed , but why not make that company yourself ?
