  ps3 exclusives do look better than anything on the 360 though . 
  the 360s controller is lightyears ahead of the ps3 which is a big thing , especially when the 3rd party controllers are all crap . 
  though i 've seen x360 controllers sold for the ps3 but i 'm not fully aware how good their build quality is . 
  i do n't use discs to watch movies so i do n't care about bluray , though it is nice having everything on a single disc , though that difference goes away too if you install games to the hdd . 
  overall the 360 is a sturdy workhorse ( yeah i 'm aware of all the rrod hype , but i 've never encountered them and where i live microsoft replaces rrod consoles even without a receipt ) that is n't fancy and provides the entertainment asked of it . 
  the ps3 looks fancy on paper but once you have to use it ( i have had a ps3 in my household for many years ) it just feels like everythings over-complicated and prone to break down . 
  the xbl is vastly superior to psn in every way ( except for price , but i do n't mind paying 3 $ a month to not have to worry whether it works or not ) . 
  i never said x360 completely embarassed ps3 , last generation was a very tight race with subtle differences and pretty much came down to preference . 
  the extremely low price for many years ( i bought my current xb for 139 $ in 2010 back when ps3 was 299 $ ) and the controller are what decided it for me . 
  ok that is good to know . 
  that drm crap is still annoying though . 
  i do n't trade my games to gamespot where they give you credit for 1/4 of a game when you trade in , i trade games 1 to 1 on online sites without the middle man . 
  though i understand not everyone does this and just buys their games from walmart and lets them collect dust after they 're bored with them . 
  i do n't know , i have n't looked for a job since 2009 or so . 
  a lot of people say they go crazy like having a cabin fever if they 're unemployed for a long time . 
  i 've never hard that issue , i guess having a lot of hobbies and friends helps . 
  i do n't consider being funemployed `` doing nothing '' , though i understand how some may not feel this way . 
  fucking pasta coming to my house acting all high and mighty, 
  this is something that actually bothers a lot of people about americans ( / american culture ) . 
  i 'm not trying to be racist or bash america or anything but it 's just true . 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  i went to high school in michigan and we had this business class thing where they even worked on smiling and the teacher taught us to practice smiling every day in front of a mirror . 
  now i 'm from finland , we never smile unless there 's a special reason to . 
  god damn smiling americans showing their teeth and shit , i know you 're trying to screw me over somehow . 
  fuck you and your smile . 
  i 've talked about this with a lot of other exchange student mostly from all over europe and about 90 % of them agreed with me . 
  even people who 've only went on a vacation for a week or two seem to have been bothered by it . 
  we do n't . 
  i watch a lot of nhl from american channels and though the ads are definitely better than what we have . . they 're still ads . 
  annoying as fuck . 
  superbowl commercials can be pretty funny though . 
   why are people not hyped by this ? 
  wii u exclusive . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with wii u ( pffftttchh ) but not a lot of people outside japan own it . 
  because those have n't been released yet unlike the wii u. 
  a lot of people will own them . 
  i had to scroll down like 90 % of the comments to find any mentioning of her . 
  the way she acted was so fucking annoying . 
  omg a naked guy i ca n't run away i 'll just turtle up and cry hysterically until someone drags me away . 
  you have n't seen youtube boobs ? 
  you 're missing out . 
  all kinds of medical procedures and weird 70s eastern european films . 
  why would n't it ? 
  oh yeah now i noticed the pound symbol . 
  looks just like american ads though . 
  who 's that brunette lying down on the far left ? 
  she looks familiar . 
  anyone know her real name ? 
  which in all honesty is probably better all around . 
  the ps3 architecture is a bitch for game developers and therefor for gamers as well . 
  that is n't included either . 
  look closely, 
  included, 
  playstation \u00ae 4 system \u00d7 1, 
  wireless controller ( dualshock \u00ae 4 ) \u00d7 1, 
  mono headset \u00d7 1, 
  ac power cord \u00d7 1, 
  hdmi cable \u00d7 1, 
  usb cable \u00d7 1, 
  the camera is listed separately at recommended retail price us$ 59 , canada $ 59 , $ 49 , and # 44, 
  well it 's not like he sent her 700 e-mails . 
  it 's all relative . 
  youtube allows non-sexual nudity . 
  this wo n't get taken down unless the uploader decides to take it down . 
  15 worker kills is fine if you do n't over invest in the drops . 
  opening hellbat does n't delay your cc * that * long , 15 workers is enough to make it worth it . 
  because while having +3 attack is great +1 and +2 do n't really make a big difference in hellbat vs. anything zerg . 
  armor helps tons even at +1 or +2, 
  neo planet s is really a great mine map ( at least it still is in lower leagues ) . 
  terran can use mines kinda like zerg uses creep tumours . 
  they 're worth it for the vision alone and you might get a good shot off . 
  gratz, 
  oh yeah but i assumed the 15 kills we 're only for the initial drops ( 2 medivac 's worth ) . 
  it took me over 6 months and around 600 games to get from bronze to silver . 
  then i got to gold in less than a month , plat in 1-2 months and dia 1-2 later after about 900 games total . 
  bronze -  silver definitely takes the longest , though i did do this at the time of 20-20-20 . 
  incorporating ghosts into my army mixture got me something ridiculous like an 80 % tvp win rate in late wol when they added those statistics . 
  that was high platinum . 
  i still suck at controlling them though . 
  i use a modified version of the [ darkgrid ] ( http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=257590 ) where my hotkeys are 12345rtgvb . 
  f1 through f9 for cameras though i only only really use f1-f5 . 
  2 : main army, 
  3 : drops, 
  4 : tanks, 
  5 : improvizable free hotkey, 
  r : improvizable free hotkey/ghosts, 
  t : starports, 
  g : factories, 
  b : barracks, 
  this map has been in proleague for some time . 
  it 's a little weird but it produces some fun games . 
  i for one am glad to see some variation in maps . 
  i for one am glad i never have to see cloud kingdom again . 
  especially with the reapers these days . 
  is it even possible to follow command medivacs ? 
  i 've tried without success . 
  the medivac picks up the unit it 's ordered to follow . 
  breaking news . 
  marines with stim . 
  hellbats with tunneling claws ?
