  so i guess you have n't heard about monopoly laws ? 
  trust me `` hippies '' is a lot nicer than some of the other names i was considering . 
   i guess i should start instead of using homeward bones, 
  so ... black knight sword is good ? 
  i used to use it and liked it but everyone was telling me it sucks so i switched to another sword and put all my titanite to that :(, 
  i kinda want to see this movie now, 
   i think this particular store took the liberty in using this idea . 
  i am pretty sure that corporate would not approve . 
  and that 's a bad thing ? 
  why would there be kids at a midnight event for an 18 + game ? 
  i 'm not an expert on time zones but i think it 's like 5.30 am in australia so this was posted around 23.00 . 
  i heard some place had strippers . 
  i think everyone understands that . 
  it 's just sad that a cover of an eternal debate about college athletes appeals to a larger demographic in america than extremely relevant and current world politics . 
  and i love sports by the way . 
  i clean the downstem and the bowl once a week/2 weeks depending on the usage . 
  the actual bong i clean maybe once in 2-3 months . 
  i would wash it more often but it 's a difficult shape and requires expensive isopropanol . 
  not sure if i should upvote because it 's pretty funny or downvote because it is n't despicable . 
  since when has $ 50 in gta money meant anything ? 
  i assume that 's gta money and not the real stuff . 
  i 'd rather have a 12oz steak and an 8oz steak for dessert . 
  censoring bitch ? 
  equality, 
  yeah dlc like lost and damned and ballad of gay tony . 
  how dare they develop quality content after release for 10 $, 
  the mission was in lost and damned, 
  why would you want to shoot bank robbers in the first place ? 
  such a thing as an uninsured bank does n't exist . 
  probably why he was asking about it, 
  just because i 'm a part of it does n't mean i ca n't criticize it . 
  pretty impressive managing to typo a name that 's in the picture, 
  on the contrary i got along very well, 
  it 's release day . 
  servers tend to go down . 
  i do n't think anyone browses / r/breakingbadcomics without watching the actual show . 
  you know the one where they do n't censor bitch and in fact a mild profanity is the least offensive thing . 
   the step where you futilely chase it for about 30 feet until you start shooting and eventually die to police, 
  ftfy, 
  ebin, 
  there 's no `` correct '' and `` wrong '' way of placing the dollar sign . 
  it 's not tied into the sign you use but the language . 
  for example the euro sign is placed both in front and after the digits in different euro countries . 
  it 'd be perfectly fine to say/type 10 $ in most european countries . 
  dollars are n't only used in america . 
  that 's how most other languages would handle it . 
  not everyone writes $ 20 . 
  us and uk are on the the few countries where the sign goes first . 
  black ops 2 as an `` esport '' is such a fucking joke . 
  i enjoy the game with friends etc. 
  but you ca n't turn this casual spray and pray shit into a serious competition . 
  and i have nothing against esports in general , i love watching starcraft 2 or counter-strike, 
  i understand the strategy but the shooting is the exactly same `` point and hold the trigger '' action you see on pub matches . 
  sure , they 're accurate and fast but who is n't with cod weapon handling ? 
  have you tried playing/watching counter-strike or other fpss on a pro level ? 
  they 're all about recoil control and skill as well as strategy . 
  the skill ceiling is much higher which makes cod boring . 
  active speakers may do it in case the phone is too close, 
  even though i like your posts i agree on principle that a good reaction gif needs no text, 
  well , no . 
  it 's a considerably different fps . 
  that 's like saying football must be lame because they use a ball like in basketball . 
  i do n't know about sweden but in finland people wear the same pants for months unless they get dirty . 
  i just washed a pair of shorts i bought in july for the first time . 
  you do wear underwear , right ? 
  yeah it 's not like it 's gta5, 
  just use metrotube , there 's no reason to use the default youtube player, 
  i consider the single player as just warmup . 
  2 weeks to hit 100 % before online begins . 
  and op , gta v is the best game i 've ever played . 
  i liked 4 , i like 5 even more . 
  5 is to 4 what san andreas was to 3 . 
  the first game of the generation seems to be the blander and more serious experiement where they get the engine etc right . 
  the ones that follow deliver on humour & content . 
  these days when people say `` gta '' they mean gta 3 - , 
  running , biking or swimming = no radio :(, 
  i 'm fine with this . 
  the main story line should be designed so that there are no required bullshit missions . 
  with 100 % i 'll allow them to require all kinds of weird crap that takes you out of your element . 
   only 5 known and all are currently accounted for . 
  is n't that what `` known '' means ? 
  i mean if there was an unaccounted coin lying hidden somewhere it would n't be `` known '' would it ? 
  sworm ? 
  blops1 introduced split-screen online play which was a huge improvement . 
  so many nights wasted pubstomping with a buddy . 
  dirt bikes are illegal in baltimore ? 
  does n't always work though . 
  yesterday i saw the guard still over a meter out from the van with the case in his hand so i ran him over . 
  the moment i did that the van doors slammed shut and the case was mysteriously inside . 
  no biggie though , i just did what i always do ( throw sticky out of a car ) . 
  or an even simpler solution : buy your own computer !, 
  that way you can store all that precious history data about the nastiest porn vids you see . 
  incognito mode is for teenagers and married men . 
  i was sad to see this on til since this is something they taught me ( not american ) in high school history lessons . 
  it 'd be nice to think americans knew about their history as much as foreigners do , i feel that 's a reasonable thing to ask for . 
  i was even sadder to notice this is n't even til . 
  i do n't really get the 5c . 
  it 's has the `` cheap kiddy phone '' image yet the tech specs are high grade and expensive . 
  that does n't make a lot of sense to me , seems like it 's the `` worst of both worlds '' . 
  i realize it 's actually a fully capable iphone and would have no problem to personally use one , i just do n't get what apple 's marketing team is doing .
