  true . 
  which is another reason for people living in rural areas to stop complaining about how `` expensive '' it is to drive . 
  especially in america . 
  i think the emp is op/the kill count is too low . 
  especially if the opposition has two or more support players they can practically emp the entire match/whenever the opposition gets a decent killstreak . 
  i understand it 's whole purpose is to counter the oppositions kill streaks but it seems unfair that a reaper or an ac-130 which require 9 or 12 consecutive kills are canceled out by 18 non-consecutive kills which is ridiculously easy compared to the assault ones . 
  25 for emp would be more balanced , though i suspect not many people would use it . 
  if you 're playing on consoles then yes , bc2 had better maps because they were particularly designed for smaller teams . 
  if you 're on pc then it 's a matter of opinion but i also liked the bc2 maps more . 
  i hate how in bf3 everything 's clamped up in the middle with all this extra space around it . 
  not quite what i expected when i heard bf2 style/sized maps were making a return . 
  of course everything ever always `` used to be better '' but i have to agree with you on this one . 
  even a couple years ago reading an onion news article you would think `` god this is stupid '' but it was just the correct amount of stupid to be actually true in this world . 
  i would usually get to about halfway through before realizing it 's onion . 
  now i look at the titles and it 's like `` new jersey decides to ban having fun '' or something and you immidiately know it 's onion . 
  yeah but you 're just delaying the inevitable . 
  freedom does n't make money for politicians . 
  i 'm not saying you should stop fighting and give in , but fighting particular bills one at a time wo n't help against the root of the problem . 
  it 's like that dragon who always grows three heads in place of one that 's cut off . 
  you need to impale it 's heart . 
  god i hope i wo n't get arrested for suggesting people start murdering politicians or something . 
  yeah . 
  and if you 're from finland the qualifications ** are ** the world/euro cup . 
   the reaper and the ac 130 are not hard to get, 
  well that 's all relative . 
  i agree for myself they are not that difficult either but for some they are . 
  i think the important part is that an emp is still easier for pretty much anyone than an ac-130 ( occasionally you go 12-0 but most of the time you get 18 points total before reaching a 12 kill streak ) . 
  yeah i agree with you the idea of a support class is great . 
  for me personally it 's actually not beneficial since i have always been succesfull with the assault kill streaks and the support evens the game out for not-so-skillfull players so they can have a bigger role than in previous cod titles , but i think it 's a good change nevertheless and it also rewards those who actively play objectives . 
  especially when coupled with the `` points for captures '' addition which i think is the single best innovation in mw3 . 
  other than the emp i do n't really have a problem with it . 
  what else are you referring to with `` executed very poorly '' ? 
  stealth bomber is the only offensive kill streak ( unless you count remote turret and airdrop trap which are both crap ) in the supportive class though . 
  i do n't think it 's op compared to the amount of kills you need to get . 
  despite the name `` stealth '' you can hear it like 6-8 seconds ahead of time and look for cover . 
  multi-kills with it are pretty difficult/lucky unless the opposing team is full of newbies . 
  it is n't, 
  affording and wasting money are two separate things . 
  thanks for the link . 
  that 's way too much work for me for such a minor detail but thanks nevertheless . 
   almost as annoying as the rest of reddit, 
  \\  implying circlejerk is n't one of the shittiest subreddits, 
  has she done hardcore yet ? 
   bulimic photoshops of today, 
  this photo is like 5 years old . 
  it 's not from the 50 's . 
  i do n't think you understand the word `` homophobic '' . 
  not every misunderstanding or generalisation about gay people is homophobic . 
  fear of or contempt for lesbians and gay men . 
  behavior based on such a feeling . 
  i would n't call `` gay men like the look of skinny women '' fear or contempt . 
  op is a faggot . 
  everybody else is a nigger . 
  get your facts straight . 
  how is it that i can get 90 % of those `` illegal '' streams to work but the nbc one keeps telling be there 's been an error ? 
  i do n't watch every replay but of course i choose my starting 11 carefully make all three subs in each game . 
  it makes a huge difference even if this is an `` animated simulation '' and if you seriously try to say otherwise it just shows how much of a newbie you are . 
  it 's funny how you immidiately started talking about shame when no one else was . 
  if you 're in such a hurry that your game ca n't last an extra 45 seconds maybe you should n't play fifa in the first place . 
  if you got nowhere to be what 's the hurry ? 
   do n't you think that the managers of the clubs know more than you and have already fielded the best lineup, 
  the same attributes do n't matter as much in real world as they do in fifa . 
  in real world vision and reading the play is extremely important , in fifa those stats matter close to none because the ( xbox ) player is in charge of the decisions , not the player on the field . 
  it 's all about speed , ball control and shots . 
  also when talking about substitutions you do realize that players lose stamina when you play ? 
  subbed players have full stamina . 
  it definitely makes a difference when you have a player with 100 % stamina in the 70 minute mark down by one goal . 
  subs , the strategy that goes with them and knowing the roster you play with is a crucial part of the game . 
  if you 're too adhd for it maybe you should stick to button smashers or facebook games . 
  haha if you truly think someone has to google adhd to know what the acronym stands for you must hang out in a pretty stupid crowd . 
   there is a reason why sexist and racist jokes a taboo . 
  they are also the funniest ones . 
  yeah you can definitely notice it around the eyes especially, 
  juggernauts are easy to kill . 
  the support osprey is n't that bad either . 
  but i get your point . 
  none of my friends have gotten each other any presents since our parents stopped throwing us parties and you kinda had to have a present to show up . 
  ever seen super sweet 16 ? 
  it 's basically that for 25 minutes . 
  no actually i use it a lot because english is my third language and in my native language adhd is used in informal context almost like an an adjective or an adverb describing any sort of hyperactivity . 
  so is that the reason he 's not taking face-offs ? 
  i assumed it to be wrist related or something . 
  just send over a one made out of tin or something . 
  it 's the thought that counts . 
  when i was studying in the u.s wikipedia was a `` new thing '' ( 5 years old but teachers just found out about it ) and they all hated it . 
  to `` prove it 's unreliability '' our teacher added some bullshit on the wikipedia page . 
  2 minutes later it was reversed and our school ip banned from editing . 
  laughed my ass off . 
  got sent to the principal 's office . 
  just like with streakers . 
  i 'm not american but have been watching u.s streams of the playoffs . 
  the one with the verizon 4g lte smartphone that the universe is telling that chick to get . 
  that 's the absolute worst . 
  is there supposed to be a problem ? 
  i thought it was funny , that 's why i upvoted the picture . 
  then i came to the comments and people are acting all offended and shit . 
  yeah it 's hard to say because it 's been shopped so much ( and badly ) but those nipples are way off . 
  like if you looked at her from the other side they 'd be on the side of the breast . 
  i played it about a 100 hours and got bored . 
  i 'm not complaining that i did n't get my money 's worth out of it , but a game should n't get boring less than halfway through .
