  how can you say they 're lies when the 3 people who know of the situation and have commented publicly all agree with him ? 
   yea sure , the entire planet hates kuroky . 
  there is not a single person on the world that does n't hate him . 
  that 's what arteezy said, 
  if you were n't autistic you might realize that `` everybody '' in this context refers to members of the team . 
  not people living on planet earth . 
  nice job clogging up my inbox with 3 replies then removing them all within 2 minutes tho . 
  i would n't use the word `` expect '' but if you really think white knighting is a myth you 've clearly never been on a site smaller than reddit where people actually know other members . 
  why not ? 
  it 's true . 
  he was asked about it , he answered . 
   can they please just shut the fuck up ? 
  i do n't understand why in your mind speaking about issues openly is a bad thing ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  why do you view drama as evil that should be avoided ? 
  yeah and that 's why he did n't speak about it openly until it was confirmed he left the team . 
  do you really think they just suddenly started disliking each other 2 days ago ? 
   this holds true for professional situations as well as private life . 
  professional athletes in real sports talk about their former teammates/coaches all the time . 
  people do n't lose their shit over it either because it 's what normal people do . 
  asian porn is great because you can tell yourself you have a bigger dick than that guy . 
  you can find a good amount of uncensored stuff too if you look for it . 
  it happens literally all the time and it 's usually some page 12 pagagraph 8 side mention in an interview . 
  only in the esports scene does everyone get crazy hyped over `` drama '' whenever someone says anything that is n't 100 % non-confrontational . 
  the bacteria are probably eating away all the rotting flesh . 
  i mean yes it does appear his skull is exposed but what does the skin over your skull really do that you could n't live without ? 
  this does n't just happen overnight . 
  yeah you can disable that hiding thing in the options though . 
  i do n't really care about my own votes , it 's just funny seeing how the score `` lives '' . 
  so if apparently in his opinion that former team mate was among the primary issues of the team how is it not speaking about issues ? 
  i 'm not saying those are n't nice things to have , but i do n't think you die instantly without it . 
   if that was true then why would arteezy switch the team instead of kuro ? 
  because he said he did n't enjoy the type of organization secret was ( no official management , no sponsors ) and wanted a more traditional organization like eg . 
  i 'm not making this up , it 's what he said and you 'd know that if you actually bothered to read what we 're discussing . 
   because fact is , it is a lie . 
  everyone can confirm it easily . 
  nice argument kiddo, 
  who is ? 
  not . 
  europeans actually have rules and regulations and most do n't take pride in breaking them just to work more . 
  it 's considered a bad job if you work noticably more than 40 hours a week, 
  you 're not wrong and only pcmr fanboys will tell you that you are . 
  the ps3 arcitechture is a mess to emulate . 
  also if you believe some of the posters on this sub a ps4 emulator is just finishing touches from being complete so take everythign emulator related you read with a grain of salt . 
  or a $ 10 hdmi cable . 
  i do n't, 
  i do n't see it as a business thing at all . 
  if anything the opposite . 
  if all he cared about was business he 'd do every heritage game out there . 
  it does n't matter how he performed , his name would sell out tickets every time . 
  not wanting to appear past your prime is much more of a personal legacy sort of thing . 
  and i simply disagree . 
  i 'm not saying it 's never happened , i 'm saying in the us it 's very common since working as many hours as you can is traditionally seen as a good thing . 
  doctors or wallstreet bankers etc. 
  can often work up to 80 hours a week and it 's seen as a sign of how motivated and determined they are . 
  if you told somebody over here ( finland ) that you work 80 hours a week you 'd be considered absolutely crazy . 
  no one would see it as a positive thing . 
  if anything people would be worried for your well-being . 
  if you worked 80 hours a week you 'd be trying to hide it the best you can , not show it off . 
  just because there 's maggots does n't mean there is n't bacteria . 
  but you 're right , the maggots are probably doing a decent job at eliminating rotting flesh as well . 
  totally . 
  showering and masturbation are the two sure ways to get sober within 10 minutes . 
  unless i get high in the shower so it 's still kicking in as i step out . 
  you do realize he posted the same for both rtz and kuroky meaning `` i 'm not taking a stance either way '' ? 
  oh yeah i almost forgot for a second i have to explain basic human interaction for you . 
  she 's 42 years old and has a child, 
  her husband/partner is some 23 year old nobody boytoy called ronnie roos, 
   nobody thinks it is healthy to work 80 hours a week, 
  true , but a lot of people still brag about it because they 're working so hard despite it being risky . 
  how do you think tipping on a credit card works ? 
   chip and signature is being rolled out slowly, 
  the thing is they were rolled out over 10 years ago in the rest of the world . 
  this is not a new thing we 're discussing . 
  i 'm pretty sure op assumed everyone realized that without separately mentioning it . 
  it 's still a cool pic . 
  well the last time i read an interview by an athlete ( olli jokinen ) it contained both of those and an added dose of hate for former coaches . 
  i 'm born in 1990 and my mom has a lot of b/w pictures of me as well . 
  apparently it was a lot easier to develop them yourself and you could get much better quality/high iso film without paying a fortune . 
   all over the page, 
  one short comment, 
  besides , i was probably right . 
  a guy who subs to / r/trueanything defending the sub is n't exactly news . 
   crappy gimmick mouse marketed for kids who value leds over build quality, 
   master race, 
   like , what will it accomplish to say `` nobody likes that guy anymore '' except making you look like an ass ? 
  it will answer the question `` why are you leaving secret '' which is what he was trying to do . 
  because not celebrating blatant propaganda means wearing rose coloured sunglasses . 
  why would the game render a skeleton or any character that is n't visible for the player ? 
  and i bet you 're the 1 %, 
  i simply do n't agree . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong in giving a honest answer to a direct question . 
  i understand not doing it while in the team because it would only hurt your performance but after leaving the team ? 
  go for it . 
  i do n't understand why so many people in this sub love drama , yet threat it as evil . 
  a player stirring up drama is in the wrong yet we upvote every post about it to the top of front page . 
  i just do n't get the logic behind that . 
  if rtz felt like kuro 's attitude was a big reason for the failure of team secret then i feel he has every right to say it out loud now that he 's no longer teammates with him . 
  it 's not unprofessional and being a quiet pushover is not the only proper way to act . 
  except men do actually have special cum holders separate from the bladder .
