  i do n't think every map should be as evenly balanced as possible , that 's why you play on both sides . 
  tweaking a map to allow more interesting gameplay = good . 
  tweaking a map simply for the sake of nerfing one team = not good . 
  yeah i do n't recall this happening either and i 've played the game a lot , but i 'd like to know from someone who 's looked at the game code etc. 
  values and not just anecdotal evidence . 
  i got a knife and even put an ad on csgolounge to exchange it to any knives and i only got 4 new friends :( it 's even a nice knife . 
  well that 's just pure bullshit . 
  have you ever played with a p250 or five-seven ? 
  they both do over 100 to a helmet if you 're really close but less than a 100 if you 're more than ~ 10 meters away . 
  e. i was actually able to find [ this spreadsheet ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0auoy-5i1vcbmdgzmyndxujctc1vnudzhtxjfue9dbmc#gid=10 ) that shows the damage drop-offs but for some reason it does not list headshots . 
  it 's not . 
  range affects every weapon . 
  sorry i used my money to buy an actually good mechanical keyboard so the next time i 'll be buying a keyboard will probably be around the year 2030 . 
  do n't know if they 'll still sell those then . 
  i ca n't believe the wood under there still looks like that . 
  i 've always tought that 's just what happens to wood with sun etc. 
  exposure . 
  i did n't realize underneath it still looks the same . 
  thanks . 
  i got headshotted from a very long range today and it only did 101 compared to the usual ~ 110 which got me thinking . 
  e. i do n't know if i would trust that chart though . 
  it says aug only does 88 to a helmet from close range . 
  i know for a fact it 's capable of oneshotting . 
  i ca n't answer `` why '' but it 's not just sniper rifles . 
  all guns do more dmg to the stomach than to the chest . 
   the nova 's better spread gives it more reliable damage , but the high armor penetration of the m1014 makes it hit harder against armored opponents . 
  i know this is a very old post but i only found this chart now looking for other info . 
  so in case you still use the autoshotgun : http://kili.united-forum.de/cs/csgo_guntests.html#table2, 
  nova is able to oneshot armored opponents where as the xm1014 is lucky to even do 50 . 
  but the aug/sig buff only affected rate of fire and scoped accuracy . 
  it did n't affect dmg , even the old aug could oneshot . 
  e. who would downvote me ? 
  here are the patch notes :, 
  weapon balance has been adjusted :, 
  improved desert eagle accuracy recovery, 
  improved sg553 and aug rates of fire . 
  improved sg553 and aug scoped control ( reduced inaccuracy and recoil ) . 
  increased movement inaccuracy on all automatic weapons by 50 % . 
  movement inaccuracy when walking is now calculated differently , resulting in better walking accuracy across the board . 
  oh that did seem to work . 
  can i enable it globally or do i have to press it individually on every subreddit ? 
  e. yes i could, 
  in finland !, 
  sounds plausible . 
  that is a lot longer than the longest range on the chart someone posted ( it was from de_dust1 ct spawn to the opposite wall ) and it was supposed to do 100 on that range . 
  it says excluding your own so that does n't count . 
  the way he mentions commentators with demos makes me wonder if streams count . 
   i dont play competitive and see no reason to, 
  though not always as deep :(, 
  good video but i thought sneaky beaky like was a ct radio thing , not t ? 
  23 , playing since beta . 
  50-80hrs per 2 weeks . 
  2 packs are often 2.99 $ though, 
  nice . 
  so if a headshot is 4x , do you know what the other bodyparts are ? 
  i fucking hated girls like that . 
  there 's one in every classroom . 
  the one 's that sit completely quietly working up courage and then explore with oh my god anon that 's enough whenever a fight broke out . 
  then they usually cry afterwards , despite the fact they had no part in the fight . 
  different places take different approaches to homework . 
  i can honestly say i never did any homework from 5th grade until i graduated high school ( aside from presentations and projects etc. 
  but that 's different ) . 
  i spent one year in an american high school and they actually required you to turn in your homework . 
  i suddenly understood all the complaining about homework from american tv shows . 
  in finland it 's more like `` practice this if you feel like you do n't know the subject yet '' . 
  you never turn it in nor is it graded . 
  so i also played 1.6 from 3pm till bedtime . 
  that or enemy territory . 
  yeah i 've had a ftp site since 2005ish and it 's always had this feature . 
  you can see check every referrer from any file . 
  it 's fun to see gifs/funny images i 've hosted be linked to from the most obscure boards . 
  gog.com or humble bundle/humble store mostly . 
  i love that i do n't have to use steam but can just download the standalone versions . 
   i was not even aware ctrl + a and ctrl + x did what they do, 
  how is this even possible ? 
  do you know about ctrl + c and ctrl + v ? 
   it is actually somewhat true that you see less of the game , but that is not because of the takes up more space , it actually just covers up a more valuable part of the screen, 
  why would you cover up the more valuable part of the screen ? 
  that image is the perfect explanation ** why that part of the screen should not be covered up **, 
  apparently they do listen : https://twitter.com/dreamhackopen/status/460051244103790592, 
  thanks !, 
  e. well it seems to still be totally black, 
  i only play sc2 and ftl on my mac . 
  where 's your god now ? 
  what i love about this is that you ca n't even blame balance . 
  it 's actually the total opposite . 
  both of the other races beat two korean protosses ? 
  what is this !, 
  i think it 's totally fine . 
  the only problem i had with it was i could n't see the progress bars , and they changed them to white so now that 's perfectly visible as well . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i enjoyed incontrol today . 
  then again i always do . 
  nothing personal towards redeye but i never understood his popularity . 
  he 's * okay * , never does any big mistakes or anything negative but he does n't do anything that makes him stand out of the mediocrity either . 
  tasteless is funny and he has great chemistry with the rest of the team . 
  i definitely prefer tasteless or even incontrol as a host over redeye . 
  also i have to mention demuslim surprised me with his casting ability . 
   keyboard just stops working , requires unplugging and replugging it back in to reinitialize . 
   it 's a great keyboard,
