  i did n't use it in wol either :p, 
  watch the wcs playoffs/finals . 
  tons of banshee openers , some with multiple banshees , some with a single banshee . 
  a lot of the times being very effective . 
  the banshee never was a late-game unit . 
  it 's mainly used for harass or to give extra firepower against roach all-ins . 
  marine good unit, 
  yeah this . 
  i 've only gotten spicy shits a few times in my life , and those were after eating something insanely spicy like raw peppers as a challenge or some really exotic foods . 
  taco bell feels the same as pooping oatmeal . 
  i actually thought the whole lava shit thing was a joke/urban legend up until a few years ago since i never got it despite using chili or similiar hot peppers in many different foods all my life . 
   i 'd rather watch loads of these type of act though than another singer or bloody kids dance troupe !, 
  i 'd rather not watch either and i do n't # 3edgy5me, 
  everybody goes to a sauna nude in finland and more often than not girls and guys go at the same time . 
  sauna is not a sexual place . 
  it 's completely normal to go to a sauna naked and none of the people fuck afterwards . 
  it 's actually quite common if you have a house party or just spending an evening with a few friends . 
  why do n't you fuck everyone you meet ? 
  same reason . 
   although mixed saunas are quite common , for a typical finn the sauna is , with few exceptions , a non-sexual place . 
  in finland `` sauna '' means only a sauna , not a brothel , sex club , or such . 
  in public saunas one also sees signs prohibiting the wearing of swimming suits in the hot room . 
  like i said , it 's not a sexual thing . 
  it 's like eating lunch together or watching tv . 
  i do n't fuck every person i watch tv with , especially if we 're in a big group of people . 
  totally normal in most parts of europe ( he said it happened in austria ) . 
  people are n't as uptight about nudity as you yanks . 
  or brits , you 're all the same tbh . 
  no but there 's no advantage to . 
  swimwear actually gets really uncomfortable at 80c or hotter . 
  nudity really is n't that big a deal . 
  well you would think so but spending half an hour or so in a 90 \u00b0 c sauna has an effect on you . 
  i do n't think i 've ever had sex after a sauna even if i 've been with a significant other . 
  all your muscles are so relaxed even the idea of sex feels very unappealing . 
  if you 've never been to a ( real ) sauna , imagine a hot bath , but much hotter . 
  you just want to lie down and not move a muscle . 
  oh to be 18, 
  yeah i do this as well . 
  nothing gets your opponent mad like not responding to their trash talk and continuing to kill them . 
  honestly i hate it when i play with friends of friends and they start to talk shit back . 
  there 's nothing to win there . 
  do all you people play with fucking voice_enable 1 ? 
  i could n't even imagine the horror . 
  i had it set on once by accident and that was too much . 
  odd , i found it to be slower with no new features, 
  70 people are dead or dying and they keep on racing ? 
  what the fuck was wrong with people of olden times ? 
  but last time i checked netflix did n't have any sort of `` netflix is signed onto elsewhere '' thing like spotify for example . 
  all my sisters share the same username/password and use it the same time . 
  so i do n't get it , why would you be a dick and not give someone like your sister the password when you have nothing to gain by taking it away ? 
  i guess a ref could interpret it as interference but since you ca n't review penalties that would be impossibly difficult to spot , especially when there 's a shit ton happening right next to it . 
  i do n't press accept unless we have 5 people in the lobby . 
  so i do listen to infos as well as give them to others . 
  only russians and 10 year olds use the in-game voice chat from what i 've seen . 
  oh so it does have a feature like that ? 
  well good thing i 'm not as reliant on it as you seem to be . 
  even during the free month i stopped using if after a week because torrents were simply better . 
  ca n't imagine actually paying for netflix . 
  i made a girl character on day 1 and it took me like 2 days of constant playing to see another girl . 
  i think 99 % of the characters in the game are male . 
  so use a female character if you want to stand out . 
  i 've played gtao over 150 hours with a female character and no mask and no one has ever harassed me . 
  some friendly ball busting about looking like miley cyrus but that 's about it . 
  i can believe the situation is better in us since you have a common language . 
  eu mm servers are just people spamming darude - sandstorm or russians yelling in russian non-stop . 
  besides like i said i never play with less than 5 so i do n't really get what i 'd have to gain from being able to hear the enemy during warmup . 
  i know some people who have it enable and they seem to bitch about it at the start of every game . 
  yeah this is the best way . 
  usually if it 's a really good song/album someone will ask for the name . 
  mission success . 
  if you ca n't talk shit to your friends or even disagree on a youtube video you are n't real friends . 
  well it was n't me who wrote the original comment but persistent ball busting is the best form of ball busting, 
  yeah but this happened in poland . 
  european airport security ( aside from the uk ) is n't actually bad at all . 
  it 's like the us used to be before 9/11, 
   this happened, 
  it 's more like an urban legend . 
  it was one of the most popular ircquotes 10 years ago , but it probably predates that by decades . 
  it is a finnish urban legend though . 
  he did n't say bots are better than the people getting kicked . 
  a 2nd life to the best player in your team is what they 're trying to achieve . 
  yeah there 's a huge roundabout with 3 or 4 traffic lights in helsinki . 
  the traffic lights are n't even when you enter but right in the middle of the fucking thing . 
  it 's also 4 lanes wide . 
  i hate it . 
  i 've never heard it used as `` fuck the world '' before, 
  lol . 
  are you seriously implying rank has anything to do with how well people behave ? 
  i got a m9 bayonet stained minimal wear on my 5th case . 
  i definitely got lucky . 
  i think it 's about 105 $ but i think it 's the coolest knife in the game so i 'm still using it :3 besides , the price has only gone up since i got it, 
  because your `` opinion '' is fucking stupid . 
  it was hyped and talked about all the time not to mention literally everyone under the age of 30 watched it when it was on air . 
  it also has a score of 8.7 on imdb . 
  hardly underrated . 
  i have this one friend of a friend who thinks he 's cool by responding `` i know '' to everything you say to him . 
  it gets really fucking annoying after a while , especially when you know there 's no way he could know . 
  we play cs together from time to time and you try to give him info and he always fucking knows despite the fact he was on the other side of the map when it happened . 
  sure . 
  just look at the other 8.7 shows .
