  they 'd probably be pretty pissed if they visited [ finland ] ( http://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/kolumbia ), 
  you can see the tweet this is in response to , that should give you the story . 
   they 're still men with guns in the military . 
  pretty much the definition of a soldier imo . 
  exactly . 
  it 's just that in the u.s the words are n't used interchangably and some americans think the english language was invented for them . 
  i think the reason they get worked up is because of the `` friendly rivalry '' atmosphere between military branches . 
  a bit childish in my opinion but whatever . 
  well you must 've not seen very many stupid things then . 
  i agree it 's a shitty prank but that black guy 's face from the original video is pretty legendary . 
  what i do n't get though is why the employee even cares , it 's not like it causes any extra work for him . 
   i. . . what ? 
  the worker just shrugs and tosses the cone, 
  that 's why the original `` prank '' was funny . 
  the worker had no idea it was gon na happen so he did n't just shrug and toss the cone . 
  his face was a mix of surprise and terror . 
  but it 's not a prank that can be replicated very well as the shock value is the only funny part about it . 
  e. actually it appears someone else did it a couple days before . 
  this was one of the first though and back when it still was n't widely known . 
  because when it was new it caused some funny reactions from the mcd staff who were n't expecting it . 
  that 's why it only worked for about a week . 
  if you do n't see light blue i recommend you re-calibrate your monitor . 
  i have to say those are really shitty recommendations . 
  my recommendation is that op does n't buy any one of those games . 
  the games i 'd recommend myself vary depending on if op had a pc/ps3 so if it 's xbox exclusives only . 
  that 's the benefit of paying for xbox live . 
  multiplayer servers on xbox never get `` shut down '' because they 're handled by microsoft and not the game publisher like on ps3 . 
  really ? 
  i loved the atmosphere but i found the gameplay and the missions to be quite boring . 
  was never able to finish it . 
  not a bad game by any means but far from best game of the generation . 
  if i had to pick the best game of last gen i 'd probably say dark souls . 
  2nd place goes to fallout new vegas and 3rd to vanquish . 
  those would also be the 3 games i 'd name if op wanted suggestions on what to buy . 
  it 's possible it was altavista but i 'm quite sure it was google . 
  i can still picture that orange bikini . 
  this was 2002ish so google should n't be out of the question . 
  have n't played binary domain but from what i can gather it does n't have too much to do with vanquish . 
  they share two producers but the director and the developing company is completely different . 
  1v1 or 2v2 . 
  anything against cpu is unplayable . 
  it 's just not fun . 
   that rivalry exists in every military and is often manipulated by the commanders, 
  oh sure . 
  i did n't mean it was an american phenomenon . 
  we were just talking about the u.s military in this instance . 
  when your ingredients are store bought hot dogs it 's kinda hard to avoid it being mass-produced junk , even if you fry them yourself . 
   just pour a quart of veggie oil into a regular skillet, 
  this makes a litre of oil seem like a mundane amount . 
  i hardly use that much oil in a year , and i cook a lot . 
  that 's ... innovatine . 
  i 've never played the game but this post got me want to try it ( op 's post , not the patch notes ) . 
  i like really in-depth games , i like roguelikes , i like city-building games but the ascii graphics were just too much for someone like me who grew up in the 90s . 
  i already went ahead and installed the game ( some newbie mod pack apparently ) but those patch notes do seem to contain pretty dramatic changes . 
  would this be a stupid time to try out the game for the first time ? 
  should i wait for this patch ? 
  never played any version . 
  just installed the game , about to generate my first world . 
  i 'm reading the `` df2012 : quickstart guide '' from the wiki to get a general idea what to do but nowhere in the article is a population cap mentioned . 
  i installed some newbie `` all-in-one '' type of deal with a launcher and the first thing it asks me is population cap and children cap . 
  what should these be set to ? 
  i found a thread on this subreddit but it had less than 10 answers with anything from 50 to 2000, 
  oh we actually found a stash of porn mags from the paper recycling bin a few years before that . 
  but this was * on the internet * . 
  i never understood that . 
  i get the youtube related binge . 
  i get opening four new wikipedia pages per every page you read . 
  but tvtropes ? 
  what 's the appeal ? 
  i keep seeing this phenomenon mentioned at least once a month and i 've tried to give it a chance many times because i love timesinks but it 's just . . not interesting . 
  i know . 
  that 's why i included dks1 in my top3 and not dks2 . 
  same thing here . 
  i played until mexico , then just kinda killed time for a little bit and eventually started playing some other game . 
  yes . 
  yes , i do . 
  yea i 'm gon na pay 15 dollars for an ebook of a game tutorial http://gifwall.net/gif/4623380076c7dda56769o.gif, 
  e. nvm i found the torrent , thanks for the suggestion, 
  that 's what i said . 
  op 's post made me aware of this . 
  every higher end lumia phone . 
  if i end up liking the game i might donate the guy a few bucks or buy the ebook ( or both ) . 
  i 'm not about to pay for an instruction manual to a game i have n't even played yet because most people say you need to read the instruction manual before you start playing . 
  how can a `` prostitute '' be an `` amateur '' ? 
  that 's just because she did n't have much over a billion to begin with . 
  i think the point was it 's not about the amount of money , it 's about how big of a chunk of your income that represents . 
  i 'm not saying i agree , but i understand the logic . 
  someone making 2k a month has to sacrifice more to donate 100 $ to a charity than she had to in order to give away hundreds of thousands . 
  but you 'll save money on gas with that mileage, 
  newsflash . 
  most billionaires are greedy and like money . 
   people do n't ever want a literary masterpiece . 
  ftfy, 
  there 's a reason celebrity gossip sells more than real news and michael bay movies are some of the most lucrative filmes in history . 
  it 's the same with books . 
  easy to read , feel-good books make the most money . 
  not taking a stance on whether jesus existed or not i 'm pretty sure the burden of proof is not on the guy claiming he did n't . 
  investing your money is smarter than putting it away on a bank account . 
  more safe too . 
  though she 's not just another author .
