   by far the world 's best in a dogfight . 
  it 's the f-22 . 
  not true . 
  a lot of experts think the eurofighter typhoon is equally good . 
  it often beats f-22 in staged excercises . 
  i 'm not saying the eurofighter is better than the f-22 , i 'm just saying the f-22 is n't `` by far the best '' . 
  if you think the bechdel test works as `` pass = not sexist , fail = sexist '' then you 've missed the whole point of the test . 
  that 's why they 're such good movies, 
  oh i never played the non-definitive edition and i actually played it on console . 
  i just remember reading about it on launch . 
  how the definitive edition is n't just upped resolution , textures and free dlc . 
   it just bothers me when i have to cook because i 'm a woman, 
  are you posting from the 1950s by any chance ? 
  at least among my friends/people i know men cook a lot more than women do . 
  most women i know just eat out or eat microwave shit . 
  yeah but individual ingredients always vary and having experience in cooking means you can taste your food and know what you need to add to make it better . 
  seasoning makes a world of difference . 
  greeks are lazy . 
  greeks methodically cheat on taxes . 
  greeks demand good social services and government spending much higher than they can afford . 
  eu bails out greece with a huge loan to protect the euro . 
  greeks decide they want to keep living the yolo lifestyle and keep up their spending . 
  first payment of the loan was this week and the newly appointed anti-eu `` nationalist '' government responded with `` you cant make me !! '', 
  in response eu will most likely kick greece out of the euro so in anticipation all greek banks are closed this week so people ca n't withdraw their euros . 
  as soon as the news of greece leaving euro comes they 'll force all euros in greek banks to be converted into whatever currency they 'll come up with that is sure to drop its value greatly . 
  yes . 
  if they 're going to have their own currency again which seems like the most probable scenario they 'll need something with value to exchange into that new currency or it 's worthless . 
  if banks were open people would take out all of their savings or transfer them overseas and keep them in euro which is much more stable . 
  i understand that . 
  i 'm just saying that relying so heavily on the plane never having to go out of its comfort zone to the extent that it 'd straight up lose to a 40 year old plane seems a pretty risky design attitude . 
  oh we found the one guy who actually takes that seriously . 
  this sub is and always will be a circlejerk . 
  it 's the entire point of the sub . 
  yeah right, 
  yeah but the message i was replying to said, 
   we 've built a plane that 's by far the world 's best in a dogfight . 
  it 's the f-22 . 
  i 've probably been here longer than you have, 
  i paid attention . 
  i watched every cutscene . 
  it was shit . 
  `` oh you did n't like it , you probably did n't pay attention '' top kek . 
  as if it 's a complex and intelligent plot that takes a lot to follow . 
  i 'm saying everyone plays against hackers and smurfs . 
  everyone 's rank is affected by games played against hackers and smurfs . 
  so it 's pointless to say `` i would be _____ if it was n't for hackers and smurfs '' because everyone would be higher if it was n't for hackers and smurfs . 
  i was sure he 'd smash into the wall, 
  because america lacks a proper welfare system so you have to work hard to survive . 
  in finland you can live comfortably doing nothing and enjoying welfare and you wo n't need to worry about health insurance etc. 
  i did n't actually read your post that carefully , i thought you were just comparing america and finland . 
  comparing immigrants of greek origin is pointless because i have no racist theories about the greek being naturally prone to laziness or anything like that . 
  it 's entirely a cultural thing and people who live in america are n't surrounded by that culture . 
  there is nothing that makes greeks genetically lazy but ignoring the differences in local culture and the general attitude towards working , the government and taxes would be naive . 
   yet the lazy corrupt greeks xd are more successful than the hard-working scandinavians xd, 
  just another moron who reads newspaper headlines and thinks he 's well-informed and capable of analyzing a complex situtation on leddit . 
  i 've actually been to greece three times and not some tourist beach resorts . 
  it was very evident why the country is in trouble just by looking at how inefficient everything was . 
  there were people `` working '' doing nothing everywhere . 
  restaurants would often have what appeared to be entire extended families working even if the tables were practically empty . 
  it was more common to see a restaurant with more staff on duty than customers than the other way around . 
  subway stations would have 3 guys just standing behind a counter , if you go ask for a ticket they tell you to go to the machine . 
  i stayed in athens for almost a month , used the subway daily and never saw anyone else speaking to them or them doing anything but somebody pays them salaries . 
  in finland there is only the machine and no people standing around . 
  these are just a few anecdotal examples but it all speaks volumes to the attitude towards optimizing your resources and spending . 
  i have no first hand experience on greek tax evasion but it is and has been a very commonly known issue for decades https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_evasion_and_corruption_in_greece, 
  in my games it 's more often a rock tossing tiny ice princesses at the enemy team, 
  yeah but it makes a difference if you use the visual que to determine when to let it go, 
  synderen maymaying feels like a father trying to tell jokes to kids at the dinner table, 
  i got a m9 stained from my 3rd case :\\ ^ ), 
  if it makes you feel any better i have n't gotten anything worth mentioning since then . 
  i think the 2.50 $ water element glock is my 2nd best drop . 
  yes they 'll have all the secrets strats already prepared when ar_monastery gets introduced into the tournament pool, 
  yes they 'll have all the secrets strats already prepared when ar_monastery gets introduced into the tournament pool, 
  yeah i use the front io for headphones for this exact reason . 
  i do n't feel like unplugging my speakers every time i play cs and there 's only one back io . 
  [ bang bros ] - mr. anal - remy lacroix - the best ass in the game is here for some deep anal dicking - mar 20 , 2013 - [ 720p ], 
  yeah but the company that 's employed and assigned those people with artistic background to design skins could be using that money to employ and assign people with game development background . 
  or at least have both . 
  i 've never done this because my family has never gone to mcdonalds . 
  i 've also never taken mcdonalds food home to eat . 
  wtf , is n't it cold by then ? 
  learn to use the internet and it takes you 3 seconds to find, 
  europe does n't have it 's own continental plate, 
   how 's continent arbitrary, 
  because there is no actual cut-off point between europe and asia . 
  since they are both really part of the same continent all the maps you find separating the two are just estimates and compromises trying to depict a difference in cultures which of course do n't work like that in real life . 
  people do n't just suddenly turn european or asian when you walk across some imaginary line . 
  that 's why it 's arbitrary to quote percentages of land mass when the entire `` border '' can move hundres of kilometers depending on who you ask . 
   physiographically , eurasia is a single continent . 
  the concepts of europe and asia as distinct continents date back to antiquity and their borders are geologically arbitrary , with the ural and caucasus ranges being the main delimiters between the two . 
  eurasia is connected to africa at the suez canal , and eurasia is sometimes combined with africa as the supercontinent afro-eurasia . 
   in ancient times , the greeks classified europe ( derived from the mythological phoenician princess europa ) and asia ( derived from asia , a woman in greek mythology ) as separate `` lands '' . 
  where to draw the dividing line between the two regions is still a matter of discussion . 
  especially whether the kuma-manych depression or the caucasus mountains form the southeast boundary is disputed , since mount elbrus would be part of europe in the latter case , making it ( and not mont blanc ) europe 's highest mountain . 
  most accepted is probably the boundary as defined by philip johan von strahlenberg in the 18th century . 
  he defined the dividing line along the aegean sea , dardanelles , sea of marmara , bosporus , black sea , kuma -- manych depression , caspian sea , ural river , and ural mountains . 
  yay team 0, 
  it 's not edgy nor is it even a joke , it 's just a bit outdated . 
  the age of consent in the vatican city was 12 until 2013 . 
  well it would n't be .
