  you do realize that joke is for when you overly criticize a moderately attractive woman for minor flaws ? 
  she is not a moderately attractive woman . 
  3/10 would be sugarcoating it . 
  you do n't just stop being a whore even if you take a break from tricking tho, 
  because only 30-year-old video game enthusiasts who live in their mom 's basement do n't own a tailored suit . 
  rocky johnson was born in 1944 . 
  it 's not like he would 've been a slave in the us . 
  to a certain extent yes but lol probably would 've happened either way . 
  it 's the same genre but totally it 's own game . 
  not only did dota2 copy wc3 dota 's heroes down to their names and exact abilities and items they even went through the effort of reproducing the smaller quirks of the warcraft engine . 
  yeah well i 'm glad to hear they have since wisened up and changed their business model but regardless i would n't consider hon a `` major title '' in the year 2015 so the original point still stands . 
  or he could just fucking move to eu if he decides to play for a eu team . 
  it 's not that difficult . 
  the casters sure made it sound like he was a replacement , not a standin . 
  i do n't know why the downvotes, 
   the way aui handles his communication and his play made every game feel like the hardest game we had ever played . 
   aui turned into the most cancerous player aside from cwm i had ever seen, 
   i 'm not going to call out specific plays where maybe aui 's nerves got the best of him, 
   show some composure and do n't whine on your teammates . 
  does n't change the fact that bo1 's always suck no matter if who wins or loses . 
  to be honest the part i hate the most aside from the obvious inability to counterpick freely is that there is such a big treshold to trying new heroes . 
  when i had just started dota i 'd often watch a pro game , think `` that looks like a cool hero '' and go in-game to play a few games with it . 
  i 'd be broke if i tried that with lol or instead of seeing a match and trying it be stuck waiting for like 2 months for it to come to free rotation . 
  i personally do n't give a shit about blizzard 's finances but wow is pretty much dead as an esport, 
  i get that it 's easy but do people really find it fun ? 
  i built this computer and ever since i got the screws tightened i was dreading the day i 'd have to open it up . 
  well that day came 6 months later when i added some fans and 3tb of storage space but i absolutely hated every second of it . 
  just like i hated every second of building it in the first place . 
  the feeling of having a good computer is nice and knowing how to replace any part is reassuring but actually doing it is probably the most displeasure i 've ever encountered in my sheltered middle class life . 
   obviously that do not make the other dota clones unplayable since a lot of people do play them . 
  obviously he was talking about unplayable for him personally , and i have to agree with him as do many others . 
   btw i am fine with paying for heroes . 
  it is like paying the price of the game . 
  it 's absolutely not . 
  paying for a game still means everyone in-game has an equal experience and a level playing field . 
  paying for heroes means the players on the same server and match have different experiences based on how much they 've paid . 
  i have no problem with paying for a game , in fact it 's the business model i prefer the most . 
  i would never touch a moba that locks heroes though . 
  so you have a disability which prevents you from using a controller , the intended input method this game is designed for . 
  unless you assume everyone else to have arthritis you really should n't be telling others how they should or should not play . 
  even if it is technically possible to play this game with kb+m it is much , much better with a controller . 
  but that moment should be at the start and instead of `` enough '' it should be `` all '' . 
  that 's the entire point people are trying to make . 
  if you play counter-strike you do n't start with just a famas . 
  in starcraft you do n't start off being only able to build half the units or picking just one race . 
  there is literally zero difference between an account that purchased the game 15 minutes ago and one that 's been playing for years . 
  that 's how `` esport '' games should be . 
  well for starters if you try to make this argument that lol for example is just `` a demo '' if you try it for free and paying for heroes is just like paying for a game it costs over $ 600 to buy one copy of lol without a single cosmetic . 
  but that 's not the only issue . 
  in fact it 's very much beside the point . 
  even if i had infinite money and was willing to put 2.5 k $ to buy everything lol has to offer i would still know that my opponent likely would n't have all the heroes unlocked . 
  i do n't want to play a game where there is an advantage for paying real money regardless if i 'm the one suffering or profiting from it . 
  a game like dota should have all the heroes unlocked for all the players so anyone can freely pick whatever character they think is good in each game . 
  if i pick a strong hero and the opposing team totally fails to counterpick it i want to know that it 's because they 're idiots , not because they have n't unlocked those ones yet . 
  then why are you bringing it up in a discussion about esports ? 
  besides , wow pvp is ( was ) an esport . 
  it was at dreamhack and other events . 
   all the mobas always, 
  so no , not all the mobas and no , just because you 're personally used to a cancerous business model treating customers like shit does n't make it `` fair '' . 
  part 1 was good . 
  this shit is just shit . 
  stop obsessing about some virgin with incest fantasies posting mundane posts and update when there is something worthy of an update . 
  you 're literally instagram tier retarded if you, 
  oh wait i guess those had nice big pictures for you too . 
  did you even get to color them yourself ? 
  / r/forwardsfromgrandma, 
  have you ever visited / pol / or / int / ? 
  one of us can not relate to a story without seeing pretty pictures . 
  guess which of us is the one with a mental disability . 
  well if you 've ever watched matumba 's stream huskar is probably his most played hero after ember and the casters have mentioned huskar multiple times just this tournament after an aa ban and huskar has been both picked and banned already in this tournament after an aa ban so i 'm pretty sure a lot of people saw it coming . 
  frankly vp should 've seen it coming too had they done any research . 
  they did get silver edge on matumba at least 2 times that i noticed but matumba was saving his dunk ( that purges break ) every time until it happened . 
  i have to keep the volume extremely high so i can hear anything . 
  my usual setup is windows volume at 12-15 and stream at 50-75 % . 
  i 'm currently forced to have windows at 35 and stream at 100 % and it 's still just barely audible . 
  if i get a steam message or something it 's like an explosion . 
  the audio has been fine for some games and completely atrocious for others . 
  there is no consistency . 
  sometimes game audio is 10x louder than it should , the casters keep getting cut off at random times etc. 
  this is on stream , idk about dota tv . 
  the same team gets both first and last pick . 
  stop giving her attention, 
  if you think her act is fun then go watch it but do n't try to bring it here . 
  it has nothing to do with dota . 
  i was wrong . 
  the last time it was changed was early 2013 . 
  who said they have to be irl friends ? 
  she would n't stand a chance no matter what rules are used . 
  the sheer advantage in strenght mayweather has is impossible to overcome when they are both trained fighters even if she does have superior grappling technique . 
  it 's nothing like these `` small jiujitsu master vs. weight lifter '' scenarios you saw in early ufc because floyd is not just strong . 
  he 's highly trained and just because his forte is stand up boxing does n't mean that technique and experience would n't translate to a less strictly regulated fight . 
  ca n't exactly agree with you there . 
  there 's a few collections up on empornium if you 're interested, 
  it 's not a small and insignificant slip . 
  the man has been analyzing drafts all week for this event and does n't even know the order of picks that was last touched 2 and a half years ago ? 
  that 's not insignificant . 
  and he even goes on to elaborate on it so it was n't just some split second brainfart . 
  not to mention it 's hardly the only mistake he 's made . 
  well then you 're happy to know it is n't . 
  they 're just some shots from her portfolio someone reuploaded to imgur and posted to reddit with an `` inspirational '' title .
