  no i did not google foxfire, 
  post cats, 
  receive karma, 
  randy 's the main character = lame attempt to revive the show after the 10th season = guaranteed shitty episode, 
  and actually the first hd episodes were some of the best episodes the simpsons had had in years . 
  i do n't know if they worked extra long for those or had special writers but the first 3-5 hd episodes were fantastic ( or i was especially high ), 
  it had a lot of potential and the maps were awesome but it was ruined by repetitiveness and distances, 
  i 've even used linux for 2 years but i 'd never switch back to it because some asshat is trying to force me . 
  why did n't you just tell him to reinstall windows ? 
  downvoted both of you, 
  why the fuck would you use a swedish ( or norwegian or danish ) reddit ? 
  i hate it when part of the page is in one language and the content is all in another . 
   no matter what the situation is , there will be jokes about it on / b /, 
  and this is why reddit will never be as good . 
  god damn moralfags . 
  but you 're talking about the online league mode ? 
  not just seperate games and scorekeeping on reddit or somewhere ? 
  portal on a controller ? 
  you must be fucking retarded . 
  and do n't get me wrong , i 'm not a pc fanatic . 
  i play my fps 's on xbox but portal ? 
  no way . 
  mass effect 2, 
  assasins creed 's, 
  i feel bad for you now, 
  probably [ monroe lee ] ( http://www.nud3.com/girls/monroe_lee ), 
  almost ? 
  every single person i know hates the simpsons . 
  so much it 's hard to convince some of then the early seasons were actually funny . 
  fyi that was his mom, 
  no you should n't . 
  it 's a lot worse . 
  yes identical , but almost all the harder ( and funner ) puzzles require you to do jumping , 180 turning , portal shooting etc etc combos in fractures of a second while mid-air . 
  i do n't know if they easied it up for xbox or just added some auto-aim thingy but neither one sounds very good . 
  and your fps reference sucked because i 'm great at shooting headshots from across the map on xbox , but even i 'd never consider playing portal with it . 
  nope , but gameplay comes first . 
  [ that worked out better than expected ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4frym.png ), 
  i played me2 first . 
  then i played me1 and me2 again . 
  me2 was just as good the first time and i could have spent my me1 time playing much better games . 
  well someone 's dna on a clothing really does n't prove anything either way . 
  i probably carry the dna of the guy who sneezed in my general direction yesterday on me . 
  me1 pretty good story , shitty gameplay . 
  me2 ok story , great gameplay . 
  i always watch cutscenes and talk to everyone etc. 
  but gameplay is by far more important than the story . 
  i 'd play a game with a shitty story if it was good otherwise , but i 'd never finish a game with an interesting story if the gameplay was n't fun or challenging . 
  it 's the 2011 for both games though , why would i give a fuck how it was when it was released ? 
  besides , age has nothing to do with this , shooters with better gameplay came out the same years as me1 and before that . 
  me1 is an ok game , play it if you 're especially interested in the genre . 
  me2 is one of the best games for 360 . 
  and no , they do n't require each other even to understand the storyline . 
  you do n't need to play me1 to understand what 's going on in me2 . 
  i played me2 first , then me1 , then me2 again . 
  there was nothing that got a new meaning or that i only understood on the second play through . 
   sorry for the essay, 
  i certainly do n't mind an answer that actually has some valid points in it instead of just the usual `` wtf idiot * downvote * '', 
  i have to admit i did n't really get `` engrossed in the universe '' . 
  i followed the story but did n't really read anything additional . 
  however i do n't play games to read shit . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not a `` cut-scene skipper '' and i care about the story , but the developers should work on integrating it to the gameplay instead of me having to read a bunch of documents in start menu . 
  and like i said , ( for me ) even the best story does n't make up for non-satisfactory gameplay . 
  especially not when other forms of media ( films , books ) still wipe the floor with every video game plot ever . 
  ok , will there be a schedule of some sort ? 
  with the timezones n shit this could get tricky . 
  it 's simply longer . 
  sorry for the example but all i could come up with . 
  spick and speak . 
  in finnish they would be `` spik '' and `` spiik '' . 
  get it ? 
   the word is an american colloquialism that even a foreign person fairly well-versed in american english would probably mispronounce, 
  so how exactly should you pronounce lollapalooza ? 
  my guess :, 
  lolla ( like in lullaby ), 
  pa ( an a like in america , not like in apple ), 
  looz ( like loose ), 
  did i get it right ? 
  nowhere in the article is semen mentioned . 
  just `` dna '' . 
  i have done it before ( nhl 10 ) and it did n't work at all, 
  why would people downvote this comment ? 
  you could buy these things from our local toy store . 
  before any decent mp3 players actually . 
  this made me want to play wc3 so bad . 
  does anyone know if there are still people playing online ? 
  poke poke poke , is that all you do ? 
  `` wow amazing boobs !, 
  oh hey there 's a link to the site . . only . . only tease ? 
  the sauce is in the pic faggot http://tube.4gif.info/2010/emily-procter-breast-men/, 
  why the fuck would someone crop out the friend ? 
  unless the face was n't up to the standard set by boobs, 
  you 're on the internet . 
  every place and time is perfect for sick humour, 
  double upvote time !, 
  nope . 
  the fuzzing would n't work if only one of them was real as the difference between the fuzzed numbers is always the `` score '' . 
  [ sauce for gif ] ( http://www.xvideos.com/video1076518/cumming_on_alia_janine_s_tits ), 
  not directly related but more good cinemagraphs : [ iwdrm ] ( http://iwdrm.tumblr.com/ ), 
  e. especially pages 4 --  some of the newer ones seem more like regular gifs, 
  the tattoo looks like shit but i like her body,
