  when a woman gets beat up it 's violence against women, 
  a friend of mine grew his own chilies that were purple too at one point but they were something called `` rainbow chilies '' and went through like 6-8 different colors while growing, 
  you 're just looking to be offended are n't you ? 
  i clearly stated above that this has absolutely nothing to do with his gayness . 
  there are cool costumes out there . 
  peter pan is n't one of them . 
  well i was n't posting definite proof there wo n't be lv or sf . 
  just making observations . 
  i 'm in a tight situation because i really would n't want to upvote your replies but someone has gone and downvoted them to zero and that 's not nice, 
  tbh gta4 `` liberty city '' aka new york bears little resemblance to the gta3 one , but you 're right they did n't leave anything out, 
  she 's also on myfreecams for sure, 
  earlier today i tried googling william adams and only a few smaller sites outside of reddit had acknowledged the case . 
  now the first results on google are daily mail , forbes , nbc , huffington post and cnn . 
  feels good . 
   elections are next week . 
  just because it 's a good time for retaliation does n't mean it 's not legit, 
  can somebody remind me why we would want a country with laws and culture like this to be part of the european union, 
  i personally do n't even think i know anyone who did n't do the can-lighter flamethrower thing as a kid . 
  it 's pretty normal for kids that age ( and younger ) . 
  i remember using an entire bottle of friends mom 's fancy imported french perfume when it was the only flammable thing we could find . 
  she did n't like it very much . 
  being a vegan is n't healthy dude, 
  if there was going to be `` a vote to decide once and for all '' i would n't risk having it now . 
  just wait until the baby boomers die away . 
   men are created equal, 
  lol 'd, 
  that 's the most 8 looking s i 've ever seen, 
  do n't forget the u.s of a exists, 
   the world could use more people like him . 
  no thank you . 
  overpatriotic people who think a piece of fabric is more valuable than human life is the last thing this world needs . 
  and wasted effort, 
  nice try , nigger, 
  in most euro countries prices are rounded to the closest 5 cents . 
  i know he said $ and i 'm not claiming you 're wrong but just pointing out that they use the 4.99 prices here on everything also even though it 's actually exactly same as 5.00, 
  that 's the entire point . 
  if you 're uncomfortable with this i suggest you leave the internet . 
  well you are talking to the wrong person here because i consider partriotism to be idiotic . 
  i only live on this planet once . 
  i 'd rather flee to a different country or learn a new language or even injure myself than risk my only life for some imaginary lines drawn on a map . 
  i know what it symbolized but still it was nothing else but a piece of fabric . 
  a replaceable piece of fabric . 
  unlike human life . 
  he pays about the same for 1/8 ( 3.5 g ) that i do for 1g, 
  you wash your jeans every 8 days ? 
  more like 8 weeks . 
  and yes , i also spill something on them in the first 4 days . 
  nope . 
  some are for sure but even those `` clones '' are much more original than the 90 's clone games . 
  every year a bunch of great new games come out . 
  and besides sequels ( at least pt .2 ) are almost always better than the first ones . 
  you are correct , i 'm not going to argue , but my original comment was in response to `` the world could use more people like him '' with which i disagree . 
  though i do n't necessarily agree with the saving lives part . 
  might be that he just encouraged other friendly soldiers to imitate his ramdo-like last stand `` for freedom '' . 
  no man , i 'm a selfish asshole . 
  the world definitely does n't need more of me . 
  this thread reminds me of [ new kids turbo ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1648112/ ), 
  yes indeed it 's a bit nicer and often more than just a bit . 
  original was great -  sequel is a bit nicer = sequel is even better, 
  i have n't played minecraft since 1.8 pre-release and what the hell is all this :d, 
  u mad ? 
  it 's not racist though, 
  i 'm not going to stop anyone . 
  go ahead and die for a flag for all i care . 
  darwinism in action . 
  female completion and/or creampie ftw, 
  all your rambling does n't change the fact that it was a piece of fabric and the man gave his only life for it . 
  they probably had like a hundred more flags back at the base , this guy died a premature death . 
  flags do n't lead men . 
  men do . 
  but yes you appear to be correct , he did n't die . 
  with the state of medical technology at the time i just assumed it . 
  that 's actually pretty miraculous . 
  that 's dirty ice ? 
  i though it was bedrock or something, 
  say whaaaaat, 
  i do n't remember the last time i bought a game for $ 60, 
  just two weeks ago i got deus ex 3 for # 16 . 
  that 's a good sequel . 
  e. i just traded it for arkham city so two ( probably ) great sequels for 16 pounds . 
  only people from countries without mandatory conscription actually believe mandatory conscription makes you tough, 
  or use private browsing, 
  i can confirm the name without even looking at the link . 
   it 's just disrespectful to do something such as smoke ( even tobacco ) , drink or use drugs in someones house if they object, 
  i prefer smoking to drinking anytime but the state our culture is in i would definitely not consider `` sercret drinking '' to be disrespectful even if the host would object . 
  if something i think a host that does n't let his guests drink is a bad host . 
  with weed comes the `` what if cops arrive '' etc risks but i really do n't see a problem with taking a sip from your hip flask or something similiar . 
  while most of what you say is true i spent a year in an american high school and got detention three ( 3 ) times for `` not respecting authority '' aka correcting a mistake made by the teacher in a fashion i though was respectful and professional . 
  the principal explained to me that female teachers still find it difficult to be authoritative and that 's why we need to act nice towards them . 
  i 'm not kidding . 
  i 'm right handed but i have absolutely no problem using the fiskars scissors molded for lefties, 
  shit like this is ruining mensrights . 
  same `` just looking to be offended '' mentality that pisses me off about so many ( not all ) feminists . 
   oh my god there are trolls on the internet, 
  ftfy, 
   fun fact : some people used to believe an 8 was involved in this process . 
  everybody else has no idea where they got this from . 
   a facebook group about hating bieber is not fucking trolling . 
  maybe not but a facebook group with poorly shopped pictures of bieber hanging himself and kissing an old man definitely is, 
  u mad ?
