  and with all 9000 keybindings it requires i 'd rather use a keaboard and mouse . 
   installing an aim-bot gives you even more accurate control methods, 
  you just went full retard . 
  but why on earth would it be like that when the teams are lined up like that and it 's a tradition about as old as organized sports to have the teams walk past each other and shake everyone 's hand ? 
   nobody plays with a controller on pc because most fps games lack compatibility, 
  what ? 
  literally every fps game released in the past 10 years has controller compability . 
  i do n't know i still consider [ 4asc ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pxx74ey.png ) the best logo professional dota has ever seen . 
  10/10 would tattoo . 
  i like how ice3 just went man mode and demanded that handshake giving no shits what the producers had planned . 
  also notice how it looks ten times more natural to do the whole thing like this . 
   had consensual sexual contact but he stopped short of raping her in a moment of `` divine intervention '' . 
  wait so what actually happened ? 
  she wanted him to fuck her but he chickened out at the last moment ? 
  and now he 's being charged for what exactly ? 
  i do n't even care if he 's attention whoring at this point i just want to see and upvote all the updates . 
  cs : go has full controller support ( it was originally a console game that got ported to pc ) and even arma 3 has controller support so i assume dayz to have it as well ( if not it was possible to mod in even in arma 2 ) . 
  not that i 'd ever recommend playing either one with a controller . 
  yeah i love tesla too but all these posts have a certain / r/hailcorporate feeling to them . 
  especially since it 's a new feature that was just revealed . 
  convenient timing . 
  i do n't know how mean this is to say but i 'm honestly not at all surprised the type of people to eat this would also have hobo teeth . 
   he really has some great reception . 
  sounds like a regular phone call to me ? 
  are us carriers so bad that being able to hold a 3 minute conversation on a cell phone without interruptions is a noteworthy thing ? 
  it 's a weird feeling of nostalgia . 
  on one hand i absolutely hated the game d3 was at launch . 
  but then again seeing these old screenshots is pretty comfy . 
  the system where inferno was actually incredibly difficult and rares were the best loot had its appeal even if it was boring and repetetive . 
  i just discovered that chrome has a reload button . 
  honestly ever since switching from firefox to chrome years ago i 've been using right click -  reload if i want to f5 with the mouse because the button is on the other side of the address bar and i never noticed it . 
  it 's not a res thing . 
  the link op posted is literally directly to the . jpg file itself , not the imgur page . 
  these people are going out of their way to open the imgur gallery for some odd reason . 
  sorry but you 're the one who gets it wrong . 
  no time to watch a 14 sec video but enough time to post a comment, 
  it 's not though . 
  cursor does n't show up in a screenshot but that 's the url that pops up when you mouseover the post . 
  yeah seems like it . 
  wonder if it 's a new thing since i definitely have seen links to the gallery page before despite using res for over 3 years . 
  you have to understand twitch chat is not commentary of what is happening . 
  it 's finding excuses to spam whatever meme is popular at the moment . 
  right now it 's posting `` ruined '' whenever he does something that does n't show its value in the next 3 seconds . 
  it 's pretty impossible to compare like that since all the loot was different too . 
  the biggest thing was the huge jump in difficulty . 
  grift lvls go up pretty steadily so there 's constant progress . 
  act 2 on inferno would suddenly kill you to the first little mosquitoes despite clearing act 1 with few problems . 
  act 3 & 4 would do it again . 
  because of the cancer that was ah and the game being balanced around it you had to grind previous , now easy , levels endlessly to get shit loot that you would sell to people one step below you and try to build up enough gold to buy better loot from people one step above you just to have a chance at clearing a level necessary to get said loot . 
  `` loot runs '' where you would itemize full tank and run through enemies you could never kill just to open chests and hope for drops was also a popular strategy . 
  it was pretty terrible tbh . 
  spiderman 2 is to this day the best comic book video game out there . 
  what part of that exactly is `` realistic '' ? 
   have some compassion, 
  have some compassion for a person who does n't even look the way of incoming cars when crossing a street without a crosswalk ? 
  i think it 's best she removed herself from the gene pool as soon as possible . 
  that type of `` mistake '' does n't just suddenly happen without a serious lack of cognitive ability . 
  too bad my parents were upper middle class citizens with successful careers and put thought into when is the right time to have children . 
  there 's a reason they hired him at the international despite him being totally open about not knowing a thing about dota . 
  on the contrary she still pampers me too much, 
  expect it 's not the same thing since sc2/scbw/wc3 was his `` thing '' above anything else . 
  he knew a great deal about the game . 
  this tbh, 
  congratulations how much time did you spend trying to do something on mobile that anyone with a computer can achieve in 3 seconds with ease ? 
  it 's a webm , just right click and `` show controls '' . 
   ad-free videos , offline playback, 
  i 've had both of those on my free youtube app for years now . 
  what a great feature . 
  now a content creator can opt-in to have nobody watch their videos . 
  yeah that 's what i want people to believe so i can smoke weed and play vidya all day . 
  they copied those vision bushes from league to lotv ? 
  i do n't complain about immigrants but i do n't see a problem with that . 
  being concerned about the welfare system in today 's economy makes a lot of sense and when we 're already struggling to keep up with the spending inviting even more on average poorly educated immigrants seems like a totally legitimate concern . 
  this is just you trying to force some `` only reason to not want more immigrants is because you think you 're superior '' agenda . 
  stop fighting strawmen . 
  neither hots nor wol had bushes like that, 
  there were vision blockers but in practice they were just 2 dimensional walls . 
  not ones you could hide inside, 
  becaue even people in relationships have friends other than their so and clubs are a popular place to spend time and see said friends . 
   i found it laughable that people who do n't contribute to the society by working are complaining, 
  so poor people are n't allowed to voice their opinions now ? 
  people like you are even worse than the right wing neonazis tbh . 
  at least they 're honest about their bullshit . 
  you try to act all accepting and openminded then turn around and spout shit like this about how some people should n't be allowed to have their say and trying to shame people into agreeing with you . 
  well it 's a feature widely used in and known from lol . 
  i do n't even play the game and know about it . 
  this level of defensiveness is pretty ridiculous tbh , i was n't saying blizzard did anything wrong . 
  yeah los blockers . 
  did you even read my post ? 
   neither hots nor wol had bushes like that . 
  there were vision blockers but in practice they were just 2 dimensional walls . 
  not ones you could hide inside, 
  i do n't remember a single ladder map from either wol or hots that had los blockers you could go inside, 
  i did . 
  it had rows of trees . 
  what are you not understanding ? 
  this is the stupidest thing i 've read on this sub . 
  what kind of athlete or any type of competitor in any contest does n't say they plan on winning the whole thing when asked ? 
  also the show 's point is to teach painting . 
  not showcase bob ross 's skills .
