  everything else people hate about this hero seems subjective but this one i simply can not understand and feels inconsistent . 
  every other hero i can think of with ward type abilities give a gold bounty to enemy team when killed . 
  why not mines ? 
  even something like 10g would make the hero much less frustrating to play against . 
  right now as a 5 position being tasked to buy sentries every time you earn 200g and not even get anything as a reward for succesfully demining just makes you want to abandon and re-queue . 
  i have a fairly new computer with modern hardware . 
  windows 8.1 , i7-4790k , 970gtx , 16gb of ram , 256gb ssd, 
  whenever i download torrents for more than 30-60 minutes the entire system goes crazy . 
  the task manager says my memory usage is up to 99 % and it does n't go down even if i close the torrent program . 
  only fix is to reboot, 
  i 've tried three different torrent programs and it 's exactly the same . 
  first 15-45 minutes no problem but suddenly everything i do starts to freeze . 
  it 's the same if i start a torrent program and go afk , it 'll fuck the entire computer up in an hour and i have to hold down the power button to get it working . 
  what 's the problem and how do i fix it ? 
  i 've tried a number of torrent applications and limiting the bandwidth and number of connections with no results, 
  apparently it does n't matter if you played it at launch or if your first playthrough was in 2015, 
  e. solved, 
  i 'm trying to get dsfix to work and the 60fps and everything else seems to be working but i get this strange effect that 's a little bit like screen tearing but not quite . 
  it almost reminds me of something old vhs tapes did . 
  like an invisible line going from bottom to top and readjusting the pixels to one side as it goes . 
  the strange part is if i record my screen with shadowplay it does n't show up in the recording . 
  however it 's not happening constantly , only when i move in the game . 
  when i move i get about one `` line '' every 3-5 seconds . 
  if i stand still it does n't happen at all . 
  oddly enough the intro logos also cause it to happen . 
  my monitor is 60hz , new and good quality , have n't had any issues with any other games . 
  it 's connected via mdp . 
  i tried switching between 59hz and 60hz in-game with no effect . 
  any suggestions what to try next ? 
  i 'm keep fiddling with the dsfix settings but so far no luck and every change requires a restart so it 's taking a while . 
  i used to have all my most played games so that i could right-click the steam icon and start them right there . 
  the way i added them was from the start menu -  steam ( arrow icon ) -  pinned and they would show up in the taskbar menu . 
  recently i had to reinstall steam and now i ca n't get them to appear there anymore . 
  i have windows 8.1 . 
  anyone else use the same feature and know how it works ? 
  i 'm not referring to the terrible orange and blue links , those were fixed . 
  but before that update i used to have subreddit styles on for 95 % + of the subs without any issue , i could see the flairs etc. 
  but the comment section would be dark . 
  now if i try to enable subreddit styles the whole comment section is on a white background on almost every sub . 
  i had to go to the settings and disable custom styles all together which is not something i 'd want to do . 
  is this a commonly known issue and is there anything i can do about it ? 
  i looked through the settings and disabled some things but could n't find a fix . 
  i have a gigabyte z97 sniper motherboard which has this `` dedicated dac usb-port '' that is supposedly a usb port better separated from the rest . 
  i did n't pay attention to it while assembling the computer and now noticed there 's this annoying plastic that blocks it half way so i ca n't plug the thing in . 
  does anyone have experience with these ? 
  can i get it to work without removing the entire motherboard ? 
  it 's translucent so it 's kinda hard to take a good picture of but if you ca n't make it out it 's a piece of softish plastic that 's under the i/o shield and blocks half the usb port but not all the way for some reason . 
  i have a gigabyte z97 sniper motherboard which has this `` dedicated dac usb-port '' that is supposedly a usb port better separated from the rest . 
  i did n't pay attention to it while assembling the computer and now noticed there 's this annoying plastic that blocks it half way so i ca n't plug the thing in . 
  does anyone have experience with these ? 
  can i get it to work without removing the entire motherboard ? 
  it 's translucent so it 's kinda hard to take a good picture of but if you ca n't make it out it 's a piece of softish plastic that 's under the i/o shield and blocks half the usb port but not all the way for some reason . 
  how do i get rid of those fucking things ? 
  i tried googling with no help but every result was about blocking invites altogether . 
  i just want to disable that thing that pops up in the screen corner . 
  i 'm fine with getting invites , i just want them to show up like regular chat messages aka only visible after i open the overlay . 
  `` delete them from your friend list '' is no solution because these are people i do play with and i do respond to their invites , just not when i 'm already in another game . 
  [ removed ], 
  does anyone have the full thing ? 
  i was able to find individual pieces like deadmau5 and pryda but i 'd like the whole thing as one . 
  i 'm sure this is explained somewhere but it was n't in the subscription terms or anywhere else obvious . 
  what exactly does, 
   monthly $ 4.95, 
  access to all our premium features . 
   yearly $ 49.95, 
  access to exclusive content , no ads , and a $ 15 coupon to our store . 
  mean ? 
  is there content that is exclusive to the yearly subscribers ? 
  are there ads with the monthly subscription ? 
  is `` premium features '' the same as `` exclusive content '' ? 
  are the two exactly identical except for the coupon ? 
  why is this all worded so ambiguously ? 
  i just did a clean install yesterday . 
  i have disabled all power saving features . 
  i disabled sleep , i disabled hibernate , i disabled hard drive sleep . 
  only thing i have on is the monitor shutoff after 10 minutes but i 've always had that on with no issues . 
  now whenever i leave the computer alone for a moment and come back even though it has n't gone to sleep and does n't need to wake up all my open windows have moved to display # 1 . 
  how do i fix this ? 
  i turned off the monitor sleep for now to see if that helps but would really like to leave it on like i used to with windows 8.1 and 8.1 upgraded to 10 . 
  is there a way to remove a certain audio file ? 
  it 's that fucking bird noise that plays every 3 seconds and sounds like someone sucking through a straw or something . 
  it just repeats over and over and it 's driving me crazy but i do n't really want to disable all ambient sounds . 
  the steam folder for the game does n't have the audio files visible anywhere . 
  first off i 'm sorry as i realize this could probably be checked from the wiki but i have a really low tolerance for spoilers and do n't want to risk ruining my fun by reading stuff i have n't already found out myself . 
  so basically i was 2-3 weeks into spring on my first save and got a lvl 11 dagger with 15-26 damage per hit and very high attack speed from a crate while fishing . 
  my weapons at the time were a lvl 2 sword and a lvl 2 dagger so it was a huge upgrade but i have no clue how quickly the levels typically ramp up and 11 sounds high so i 'm just super curious : is this sort of drop common or did i basically win the rng lottery ? 
  i reinstalled windows recently and backed up the folder with my arma3 profile and save games to a usb stick . 
  i reinstalled the game now and copied the files over but they would not show up in-game . 
  when i manually emptied the folder it would wipe out the new profle give me the `` new to arma 3 ? '', 
  screen again meaning that is the right folder the game loads profile data from but my old files are n't even recognized . 
  they 're only a month old if that makes any difference . 
  i do n't care about the single player saves etc. 
  but apparently my koth progress is tied to profile as well so i 'd like to get them back if anyone has any clue how . 
  is it the previous ranked mmr or the `` hidden mmr '' from unranked like it would be for regular calibration ? 
  i 'm new to the game , but i have lots of experience in games like counter-strike and arma . 
  i love the 5v5 competetive mode but due to the lack of ranked matchmaking there is zero challenge . 
  seems like most people in public matchmaking try to play like cod ( not s & d ) and sprint to their deaths over and over . 
  few hours into the game i already kept stomping every single game . 
  i 'd love to see what the game is like with actual teams and active voice communication . 
  is there a subreddit or something similiar for teams recruiting players ?
