  did you submit this idea to icefrog or why are you so desperately defending it ? 
  it 's shit . 
  every pro analyst agrees it 's shit . 
  every lc player agrees it 's shit . 
  you just have this fixation that `` no item is bad , they 're just * situational * '' . 
  guess what , it 's not situational , it 's shit . 
  also you contradict yourself by saying it 's viable in situations where lc does n't get farm . 
  getting an ags on a support lc with no farm would take forever and to effectively lock down enemy heroes like you suggested he 'd need to farm survivability items as well . 
  an lc with no farm priority and ags as only item is just going to die if he duels any enemy other than maybe their position 5 . 
  the whole idea is terrible and you should just let it go . 
   just because you might be used to see him as a position 1 hero , it does n't mean he ca n't be played as a 4th position support who goes for the aghs, 
   same with legion , sure , she can deal some serious damage if she is a main farmer , but if she is not, 
  i 'm not putting words into your mouth, 
   played as a 4th position support who goes for the aghs, 
   same with legion, 
  so are the gifs on / r/shittyreactiongifs, 
  til catcher 's also take turns hitting the ball, 
  well you do n't see a goalie taking his turn at the faceoff circle do you huh ? 
  yeah fat and muscles is a lot better than neither, 
  press the attack wears off faster than aghs would take effect and with no farm and a late support aghs you definitely would n't kill a nyx . 
   where does he think the offensive players come from ? 
  from the bench full of substitutes ? 
  i do n't think assuming the one guy with unique protective gear plays a specific role all game long is the same as assuming one team is always on offense and the other is always on defense . 
  i 'm sure you know the rules of every sport on earth . 
  key word being `` in north america '', 
  do you know the rules of the major sports in india ? 
  yeah and in other sports with a shift like that such as american football you do n't see the quarterback playing any other position than quarterback . 
  yes it does . 
  it 's only played in north america , japan and i guess cuba ? 
  you are delusional if you think those boobs are natural, 
  because there 's a quote for refs from each participating country and most of them are semi-pros at best, 
  nsfw for language ? 
  like your boss is going to see you looking at funny reddit pictures when you 're supposed to be working and that 's fine but if it includes the word `` fuck '' it 's not ? 
  what the fuck , op ? 
  nobody in a million years is going to complain about not marking this nsfw, 
  actually i already see another comment about it but that 's beside the point, 
   youtube streaming, 
  only if you opt for the cheapest surgeon, 
  i have n't played soccer for a day in my life but nice try :\\ ^ ), 
  gambling is considered a normal past time in many countries . 
  it 's pretty much only the u.s. where it 's seen as a big evil thing . 
  where i live every kiosk has slot machines and we even have a betting agency run by government for sports ( and esports ) betting . 
  they also advertise on tv and it 's not an issue . 
  it 's a totally normal thing for adults to bet . 
  in fact being restricted to adults is a really new thing , just a decade ago you could do sports betting without an age limit . 
  the site requires you to be 18 to sign up . 
  i know you can lie on the internet but dota is not children 's cartoons , it 's not just for kids . 
  many if not most of the viewers are adults . 
  banning betting from them too `` because of the kids '' is just ridiculous . 
  betting agencies sponsor real life sports just as much and that 's not seen as an issue . 
  i just watch the game vods on youtube , at least those have all the sellout crap cut out . 
  it 'd be nice to see the activities outside the games but it 's just not worth it with all the ads . 
  my dota just crashed in the middle of the game ( good pc , dota never crashes ) and when i reconnected 8 other players were dc 'd . 
  no mmr and one of the guys said this is the 2nd game in a row for him that this happens after patch . 
  am i the only one who sees this and feels more satisfied than wince ? 
  like your gums being scratched when they itch . 
  hockey, 
  c l a u d e b o i s, 
  maybe ? 
  honestly i do n't remember because it was like lvl 6 when it happened and it 's not in my match history . 
  but a lot of other people have been reporting the same . 
  i do n't know i think it 'd be more awkward to say this to someone you see regularly than a random person on the internet . 
  this is n't really a `` one way smoke '' in that it 's working as intended imo . 
  the smoke would allow both people to see each other 's feet ( see how the opponent does n't see the t 's face ( where the eyes are ) either ) but because of the box the ct 's feet are hidden and he gains an advantage . 
  this is n't exploiting the smoke mechanics . 
  this exact page has been on the internet ( in english ) for years . 
  what made you decide to post this today ? 
  it 's like randomly posting the exchange rate to euros or something . 
  true thugs still play ctr, 
  wait how can a company have, 
  revenue $ 6.1 million ( 2012 ), 
  operating income ( $ 13.8 million ) ( 2012 ), 
  profit ( $ 114 million ) ( 2012 ), 
  now i 'm far from a financial expert but how can your profit be ten times the operating income ? 
  finnish websites are bad at search engine optimization , that 's why the result ( your link ) is the first result on google ( the biggest search engine ) ? 
  you can disassemble anything for about 15 seconds i think, 
  dota 's lore is famously consistent and never redacted for the most minor reasons, 
   no actually it was amazing compared to this shit, 
  lol, 
   sniper 's take aim to be a uam, 
  i think it 's better this way , introducing a lot of items at once well before ti5 than it would 've been to slowly add them few at a time . 
  it 's also easier to balance test them out when there 's a wide range of new items and not just one or two everyone tries out . 
  your download speed above ~ 1mbps has nothing to do with lag . 
  yeah you can get 1/5th of a recycle charm, 
  me too . 
  i do n't like bkb , it makes fights boring . 
  i understand why it 's there but it should n't be an item you pick 95 % of games if you can afford it . 
  introducing more stuff that goes through bkb is good for the game imo . 
  it still stops all stuns , does n't it ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  there will surely be lots of balance tweaks but i do n't think they 'll introduce anything new before ti5 . 
  what 's that song they 've played every day with a female voice and then like a male voice repeating after each other and it 's basically the same thing for 5 minutes ? 
  i do n't think there 's any lyrics just making some ooh aah sounds . 
  they do n't look sufficiently scared of where the drums will land, 
   rogue - night after night, 
  sorry that 's not the one but checking monstercat 's youtube page is not a bad idea . 
  i really hate prng . 
  i hate rng too but if they 're going to include rng in the game it should be true rng . 
   true random means that it is possible for pa to get 10 crits in a row, 
  yeah , that 's the point of randomness .
