  people are complaining because banning for sp mods is a dick move on rockstar 's part . 
  yeah but 99 % of games since the invention of online gaming have done this and you 're only complaining about it now because it 's convenient since you 're hating on rockstar anyway . 
  censoring usernames is n't the problem in how rockstar is treating it 's userbase . 
  he also likes to drink bottles of glue, 
  i 'm not going to pretend i did n't say stupid shit as a teenager but saying everyone posted ** equally dumb things ** as jaden smith is really undermining his work . 
  jaden was a step above the competition . 
  sure i have a few embarassing facebook wall conversations from 2007 but not only was jaden incredibly creative with his posts he delivered with an admirable constancy . 
  well i did n't say anything as stupid as jaden that only got 2 likes either . 
   people use good sir ( on reddit ) all the time, 
  i think we visit different subreddits, 
  i enjoy playing ranked shitfaced and have yet to ever be in low prio . 
  i never solo que unranked because i think the all pick mechanic is more fun in ranked and that alone is a bigger deal to me than mmr . 
  just do n't pick the hardest carry or a hero that requires instant reflexes to be helpful and you 'll be fine . 
   do people with different screen resolutions see different area, 
  yes , the vertical area they see is fixed and the horizontal depends on your monitor . 
  to be fair the aspect ratio is n't the only thing that changes . 
  i 'm not sure if there is a new 21:9 screen that 's come out in the last ~ 6 months that 's changed this but at least previously the 21:9 monitors on the market were not designed for gaming and had pretty major input lag and low refresh rates . 
  i know . 
  i noticed it after it was too late to edit , googled the word and figured `` meh close enough '' . 
  if you make your own mayonnaise or buy some fancy organic stuff without coloring it 's actually pretty yellow . 
  if you buy the most processed crap ( like i do ) it 's shining white . 
  yeah but now when i open a bundle that comes with a loading screen i have to have it in my random rotation for like 3 months until it 's marketable #thestruggle, 
  no he 's a may may master and never going to think back at this stage in his life at 2am while trying to fall asleep . 
   openly having sex on a family beach in broad daylight should carry more than a ticket and a fine, 
  no it should n't, 
  throwing your gun in the air to make the enemy think it 's a flashbang and dodge unnecessarily is a strat used even in pro counter-strike . 
  does a pistol look like a grenade ? 
  are pro players `` low iq '' with bad reflexes , vision and overall skills ? 
  can unnecessary visual clutter make a difference in games where tenths of a second can decide win or loss ? 
  yes . 
  she 's not a psycho because she 's a hand model . 
  i 'm sure there are perfectly normal hand models . 
  true , but if your business model is the kind where you ca n't enforce these values within the product you 're selling then why call them the company values and even make a self congratulating blog post about it ? 
  yeah and people who play frisbee golf smoke weed, 
  these are pro gamers . 
  i love the entertainment they provide and it is n't a dota thing ( same thing even stronger in sc2 ) so i 'm not trying to trash talk them but most of these people are n't exactly great with people skills or overall confidence to speak up when mistreated . 
  also asian cultures . 
  not there . 
  also my god this site is horrible to use . 
   implying apple flavoured `` beer '' is the same as quality cider, 
   adult, 
  that 's not griefing, 
  besides worst case scenario you get a couri to deliver you a tp, 
  you 're saying that like the enemy team is n't allowed to kill your courier or stun you when you try to tp . 
   or if they 're on your team , prevent you from using the courier, 
  you 're seriously comparing an enemy trying to make your game difficult to a teammate griefing ? 
  is there a limit how high i can level my compendium by just playing and doing challenges etc ? 
  i thought the `` level packs '' were like booster packs if you do n't want to grind but my friend says they 're the only way to get higher levels . 
  actually the higher the level the more likely you are to face an actual rush, 
  rush meaning arriving at the bomb site as soon as physically possible , not 30 seconds of sitting before an uncoordinated conga line of players shows up one at a time, 
  we do n't live in america so we have good internet, 
   no one really is at fault , that 's just racing . 
  exactly . 
  it 's easy to point fingers when you 're looking at a slow motion video on youtube . 
  they all knew the risks . 
  fuck off and look it up on google, 
  also : http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=kvg, 
  or http://urbaanisanakirja.com/word/kvg-2/ if you wan na stay og, 
  yes , it was actually a `` thing '' over here, 
  i still do n't understand how these cheap chinese stores take months to deliver their product . 
  i can get a fedex package across the globe in 24 hours and i understand that takes more than the minimal amount of resources but you 'd think there 's a point where making it take longer would n't make it any cheaper . 
  and my estimate for that point would be a lot less than 60 days . 
   dreamhack winter 2014 was one of the most secure lan ever, 
  dh is an absolute joke in terms of `` cheat security '' compared to any kespa or gsl event for example . 
  most secure csgo lan ever , maybe , but that 's like saying hitler was the nicest guy who ever killed 6 million jews . 
  they guy who died was russian . 
  yeah , they 're finnish, 
  you really think these events attract a lot spectators who do n't compete in it themselves ? 
  you do n't need tsar bomba to demolish copenhagen . 
  the 1.2 gb is definitely an update , i got it too, 
  i think those are socks, 
  semi transparent socks like the fabric stockings are made of, 
  asses are like boobs , they do n't need to be big to be nice . 
  i think she has a nicely shaped ass even if it is small . 
  that 's what matters . 
   imagine the underwear off and she is flat on the back . 
  there are a lot of things in dark souls not specifically explained in the lore . 
  i do n't think there 's lore for attunement slots for example , they 're just gameplay balance mechanics . 
  i 'm not saying that is n't true but i 've never had a difference bigger than 250 in ~ 500 games, 
  tbh before today i thought 1000 mmr was the minimum . 
   no , there 're just very few people at that level . 
  which is why i can always find a game in under 30 seconds ? 
  it looks pretty close to the population density map tho, 
  which is exactly the point of the xkcd, 
  why would a deaf person be walking on a railway track ? 
   it 's a format which the < video  tag uses , which is the only benefit of using gfycat . 
  i can guarantee you 99 % of the people do n't give a fuck about '' < video  tag '' . 
  it 's the file size of webm/html5 video/whatever you wan na call it compared to gif that 's the selling point . 
  i do n't think i 'll ever do this . 
  and it 's not about the money , it 's just weird paying for a meal when you go eat with your parents . 
  i feel like it 'd be awkward if i tried to offer . 
   feel the urge to pay for things myself . 
  where this money will come from is beyond me, 
  maybe you should stop trying to prove yourself that you are financially independent when you clearly are n't and just let them pay . 
  unless they 're broke they 're probably glad to pay too , you 're only fooling yourself . 
  no it 's not , it 's a 12mb . gif, 
  looks like it was a pretty hard pass . 
  i do n't know if it 's possible to get that shot off any quicker unless it 's a onetimer, 
  yeah but how can you not read his lips in the gif . 
  this is pretty much as clear as anyone can make it .
