  they both feel like very active subreddits . 
  you ca n't see those lines clearly indicating movement ? 
  is this the first time you 've seen a comic in your life ? 
  i love the `` dirty racing '' whine . 
  i myself come from the school of burnout . 
  to me gta races look and feel a lot closer to burnout than they do to forza or gran turismo . 
  that 's why i play them like burnout . 
  ramming your opponent into a brick wall to take the first place is not `` dirty '' . 
  it 's successful racing . 
  of course you can be an asshole like driving the track in the wrong direction but i do n't get people who think races in a game like gta should be `` no contact allowed '' . 
  yeah and technically movies are just a series of static images . 
  i think yesterday there was a post on the front page along the lines of `` til k&p were the gangsters in weird al yankovic 's white & nerdy '' . 
  i agree with rezips , the amount of key and peele on reddit lately is way too high to be legit . 
  why would anyone post a picture like this ? 
  prostitution is legal in some places ( even in the u.s ), 
   i am not trying to diminish the horror that woman endured, 
  the horror of having sex with a stranger she 's not attracted to ? 
  i 'm not saying what he did was justified in any way , but she does get paid to have sex with people . 
  she has sex with strangers every day regardless of their appearance . 
  that 's what she does for a living . 
  having sex with a stranger who ** does n't pay ** is suddenly more traumatic ? 
  if i understood correctly there was no violence involved so i 'd imagine it to be exactly the same experience she goes through daily , only without payment at the end . 
  i know rape is a taboo especially on reddit and you ca n't even discuss the subject unless you 're talking about how horrible it is but i just ca n't see how a professional prostitute could be traumatized by an event such as this . 
  i think theft of services sounds fair . 
  yeah but why post a picture now when they 're probably at their worst ? 
  gta race is like mario kart or ctr . 
  it has weapon pickups and boost powerups etc. 
  i wa n't to play a `` realistic '' racing game with physical contact . 
  exactly what gta feels like it was designed for . 
  if you want clean racing , there 's dozens of track racing games available for you . 
  besides , if your style of `` clean racing '' was really more efficient/what the game is designed for you 'd beat me anyway . 
  but you do n't . 
  because i play gta like it 's supposed to be played . 
  realistic as in with real cars in contrast to mario kart or sonic racing or something . 
   i 've never raced you , but i probably could beat you if you need to ram like a child in order to win . 
  i can sense the butt hurt all the way over here . 
   oh so you mean the cars in gta race are any less realistic than in the vanilla race ? 
  totally right . 
  well yes . 
  they shoot rockets and have special nitro boosts in gta races . 
  that 's pretty unrealistic . 
  also i was n't even talking about realism in gta race vs. normal race . 
  i said gta is more realistic than mario kart . 
  learn to read . 
  your idea of a `` normal '' race is not the definition of `` normal '' . 
  to me ramming other people to get to the finish line in first place is a normal race . 
  go play forza or gt if you enjoy that kind of racing more . 
  i bet you 're the kind of person who plays with traffic off as well . 
  because that 's why we bought a game where you get to race in the middle of crowded cities . 
  to race on an emptry track without physical contact . 
  calling me a pussy because we like different things only makes you sound like a 15 year old . 
  no it 's not `` correct '' either . 
  it 's pure observations , opinions and preference just as yours idea of `` normal '' is . 
  the only difference is i 'm not pretending my idea is the one everyone should agree with unlike you . 
  i wo n't come to reddit and bitch about someone else racing clean . 
  if they got an advantage by racing clean not wasting any time hitting others and won the race i 'm fine with it . 
  they deserverd that win . 
  just like i wo n't complaing if someone rams me into a wall on the last lap and takes the win . 
  yes it does . 
  if someone gets better lines and faster lap times because they do n't waste time `` getting physical '' and wins the race it 'll cost me money and xp . 
  ramming someone takes just as much skill as racing clean . 
  if you want to win that is . 
  of course anyone can just run into others if they do n't care about the results . 
  something like driving the wrong way does n't take any skill but you 'll finish last . 
  just like you could `` race clean '' at 20mph , finish last and it 'd take no skill . 
  ramming others in a way that you do n't spin out yourself/let anyone else ahead of you is just as difficult if not more difficult than racing clean . 
  well then your problem is n't really `` racing dirty '' . 
  it 's idiots who ca n't play . 
  your real problem is the fact you 're playing public games and expect everyone to play them like you want to play . 
  it 's the same in any game . 
  if you want to play with people who play like you do , play with friends . 
  if you 're fine with all kinds of players you can go on pubs . 
  actually it fits in pretty well . 
  that whole area is brand new . 
  it 's not all tall buildings but very modern and `` bold '' designs . 
  because he clearly does n't . 
  night mode overrides subreddit styles . 
  and there 's a subreddit for rule34 as well . 
  hell yeah i 'm jealous but alison could pick practically any guy in the world and he picks the talentless baby franco ? 
  whyyyyy, 
  try starting a mission and then sticking with those people after completing the mission . 
  people are much less likely to shoot you if you already played with them together on a mission . 
  human growth hormone is a wonderful thing . 
  dat pass, 
  not only are there less civilian vehicles but sometimes other players help you as well . 
  a lot of times cops that were chasing you will start chasing others players nearby ( with wanted level ) if they lose sight with you . 
  i have a question . 
  why do you think anyone would be interested in asking you anything ? 
  you could give money to other players for the first week or so . 
  there was a cap of $ 5000 though . 
   voicemail, 
  how you doing grandma ? 
  yeah i 'm seventy something and neither have i. 
  the only thing i can think of is that one cutscene you get when simeon calls you at level 3 or so . 
  2013 , who texts anymore . 
  use whatsapp . 
  that sounds scary in the same way being the victim of an armed robbery would be . 
  i 've never had anyone kill me after completing a mission with them . 
  maybe i 'm just lucky but you 'd think i 'd have come across some of those people in my 150hrs of gtao if they were common like you make it sound like . 
  yeah that makes sense .
