  it 's funny how most intoxicants that make you horny also disable your penis . 
  the `` fluid '' is purified gasoline which burns pretty damn clean . 
  also lighting with a zippo does n't completely change the entire flavor . 
  it barely adds a hint of it 's own taste to the mix . 
  and i like that small addition , i think it goes well with weed . 
  on the other hand most wild/trainer ( outside gyms ) pokemons in the beginning are grass type pokemons against which charmander is the shit . 
  i always considered charmander to be the easiest pokemon to start with ( in blue ) . 
  yes for the application . 
  do n't know about the money constraints . 
  exactly . 
  i always tried/try to get buttefree as early as possible . 
  and once i was done with evolving the metapod i 'd switch to magikarp . 
  never fails . 
   ` murica, 
  ftfy, 
  my foster father used to emphasize that 1st rule `` treat every firearm as if it were loaded '' . 
  i understand the importance of this on the range or somewhere where there are several weapons in use simultaneously or someone else might have had access to the same weapon but i found it a bit ridiculous when he used to freak out at me for `` carelessly pointing the weapon '' after i had emptied , taken it apart and cleaned it just moments before . 
  i mean it 's not like guns are mystical magic creatures that might just fire pellets out of nowhere . 
  i get the point is probably `` no exceptions '' but still if felt pretty stupid . 
  hey if chicks can do it, 
  so ... you need friends in addition to the ones you have, 
  there 's nothing '' : c '' about fapping three times a day, 
  as an owner and user of the same keyboard i do n't believe you for a second . 
  it 's not like there are so many extra buttons you ca n't keep track of them . 
  probably collect usage data, 
  well you know this is n't really an issue if you were n't retarded in 2007 either, 
  `` just a little under average '' is what gets all the girls hot, 
  of course all the expenses are n't public but i 'm pretty sure even the secret ones are within that budget . 
  they 'll report it as office supplies or something and use it for jetpacks and shit but they still do n't really have any other sources for money than the u.s government . 
  and all of that money is pretty strictly counted for . 
  the applications maybe not as much . 
  i was talking about guys blowing their loads in girls ' mouths, 
  i mean it 's not even their own so it 's even more gross for chicks yet most of them manage, 
  yeah but is your keyboard the one in question ? 
  in this there are no other buttons than the keyboard + f-buttons which primarily control things like brightness and volume . 
  there is n't even a numpad or anything extra on the keyboard and the three ( 3 ) volume buttons are located less than an inch from the backspace or enter keys . 
  you ca n't miss them for years . 
  all i know is she 's moldovan, 
  [ here 's ] ( https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-snc7/392323_306899289344488_100000732571630_984591_1808257187_n.jpg ) a pic of her from an event , probably the very same the gif is from . 
  i 'll keep looking . 
  for some reason edit does n't work for me . 
  her name is [ vira solovey ] ( http://www.facebook.com/vikulya53 ), 
  you 're all welcome, 
  oh yeah i 've had this happen with those huge ( microsoft ) keyboards that have a ton of buttons half of which do n't work because i was too lazy to install the drivers, 
  no more like software/keylogger . 
  the kind social media/online advertisements are n't allowed to track . 
  you can watch the older episodes ( older than ~ 2 seasons ) of south park for free in any country . 
  sure the us site will bitch about your location but if you just go to your local south park site ( all european nations have one ) it should work fine . 
  i 've been waiting for pictures of you in tanktops etc. 
  i think those look a lot better in clothes . 
  at least these pics are hot as hell . 
  ggg, 
  exactly . 
  i 'm allways exhilarated to find brown bananas in my house because it means i get to make banana bread and bananas rarely survive for that long around here . 
  only it is n't . 
  sure i mean if i stopped smoking pot my friends would n't just desert me but i do n't think i 'd hang out with them too much seeing as how almost everything they do is somehow related to or done while high . 
  i do n't mean i 'd judge them or anything but it 'd suck monkey dick hanging out with stoned people and watch them smoke all the time and stay sober yourself . 
  two shots if the person had head armor and you had the silencer equipped . 
  at least at one point , i played from the betas up until 1.6 so there 's a big possibility it was changed at some point . 
  for me the situation is different because like 95 % of the friends i grew up with since i was 2 years old smoke weed nowadays . 
  and having smoked myself for some years i rarely if ever make any new friends who do n't . 
  i do n't just have `` stoner friends '' i possibly hang out with but all my real friends are stoners . 
  or just use your common sense and do n't add/accept your mother as a facebook friend . 
  if your parents have any sense of boundaries it 's not rude . 
  hey guys look at me i 'm sad, 
  do n't look guys, 
   the simplistic wording is sometimes too simplistic for a native english speaker, 
  simple english wiki is n't primarily meant for native english speakers . 
  no shit it 's simple for you . 
  the weirdest thing is i looked at the bookshelf and immidiately got this feeling of `` this looks like it 's from finland '' and wondered about it for like 15 seconds trying to determine why before even glancing over at the blackboard . 
  i think it 's the binders . 
  each employee has his own you see, 
  not an eastern european language btw, 
  yeah i know i figured the guy who runs it only does it as a side business or something and the prices are so low you do n't really care about the site layout . 
  like i said i 've ordered there twice and some of my friends too without any problems . 
  i did !, 
  and i got downvoted , but i 'm glad it worked . 
  nah do n't think so , that site has been in business for years . 
  but i do know they 're us codes which automatically makes them a lot cheaper than eu codes ( still work with eu accounts ) . 
  i guess he buys them in bulk or something . 
  if only, 
  yeah because you must feel threatened to make a joke . 
  did you just finish your first psychology class in college or what ? 
  i 've seen some pretty funny racist shit here, 
  if you have a . raw image file you can bring out details that are in no way visible in the original pic . 
  like `` true '' x-ray pics . 
  well the wikiquote page for the book redirects to the one for the movie so that wo n't help but if you can remember the chapter it happens in i have the book right here . . 
  e. ok i read the sabrina scene and that quote is not in the book . 
  i 'm guessing this is the part to which that line was added :, 
   smell it , '' i tell sabrina and she moves in closer until she 's two inches , an inch , away from christie 's asshole . 
  my dick is standing straight up now and i keep jerking myself off to keep it that way . 
  `` lick her cunt first , '' i tell sabrina and with her own fingers she spreads it open and starts lapping at it like a dog while massaging the clit and then she moves up to christie 's asshole which she laps at in the same way . 
  christie 's moans are urgent and uncontrolled and she starts pushing her ass harder into sabrina 's face , onto sabrina 's tongue , which sabrina pushes slowly in and out of christie 's asshole . 
  while she does this i watch , transfixed , and start rubbing christie 's clit quickly until she 's humping onto sabrina 's face and shouts `` i 'm coming '' and while pulling on her own nipples has a long , sustained orgasm . 
  and though she could be faking it i like the way it looks so i do n't slap her or anything . 
  it 's not, 
  is this `` calorie/calorie '' thing an american expression because i 've never seen it before ? 
  just to make sure ; i understand the difference between calories and kcal but i 've have n't seen the capitalized/lower case distinction ever before . 
  even though we discussed this a lot in school . 
   you only get fired when it 's a 9 % approval rating from the people who employ you,
