  many of my friends love it as well so whenever someone travels abroad we always bring back as much as we can . 
  it was a quote from the link , dumbass, 
   just give the numbers you think `` why is that ? '', 
  and i or someone else will explain . 
  many rappers have some sort of a criminal background . 
  but chris brown 's victim a famous woman , so people act all high and mighty . 
  me too except i kept it that way because this is a shitty post with a played out joke, 
  the ridiculous part is it 's as difficult and time consuming to wash an uncut dick as it is say , your armpits . 
  i had honestly never in my life seen a check anywhere before i came to the u.s. and have n't since, 
  finland ftw, 
  it 's funny how one has to ask for help finding it legally but any idiot with access to google can find it illegally ( and probably in better quality ) in less than 30 seconds . 
  i just watched [ the episode of stargate ] ( http://stargate.wikia.com/wiki/brief_candle ) where people have accelerated lifespans and the kid that grows up in a day . 
  seriously less than 2 hours ago . 
  i was high when i wrote that . 
  weed does n't disable my ability to notice crap . 
  this was exactly the kind of post the [ mod announcement ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/jzn8d/uptokes_not_bans ) was about . 
  but trees is the more humorous , laid-back fucking around while high subreddit . 
  we already have r/cannabis , r/marijuana , r/drugs , r/mmj etc for serious discussion . 
  i really do n't see why this should become more like them too . 
  this made me sad . 
  of the later seasons i 've only seen a few random episodes on tv but i just started season 1 again and remembered why i used to love this show . 
  now you 're telling me it wo n't stay as good ? 
  sister, 
  i do n't get the point of the '' ... '' and yao ming . 
  you do n't really want a lower tolerane ? 
  or you did n't quit ? 
  what ? 
   however , i think most of us can agree that trees can serve a greater purpose in the fight against cannabis prohibition . 
  we already have r/cannabis , r/marijuana , r/mmj , r/drugs etc. 
  for serious discussion , news , studies etc. 
  why ca n't we have this one subreddit for cool and funny stuff to look at while smoking ? 
  i do n't want to be `` fighting prohibition '' all the time . 
  i know a lumberjack who can roll a cigarette with one hand while it 's in his coat pocket . 
  that 's just sick . 
  and yeah i 'm pretty sure he does n't just pick a prerolled one from the pocket as he always rolls with one hand , coat or not . 
  i hope he did n't drive stick, 
  i 'm kinda glad you failed that link, 
  funniest obvious madden so far, 
  am i the only one who had to google edward cullen ? 
  dea , contact us , los angeles division, 
  media contact : special agent sarah pullen -- (213)\u00a0621-6827, 
  seems legit, 
  i think people who care about karma are the same people who comment `` upvote this if still watching in 2011 '' on youtube, 
  it was a good day until i saw this and got jealous : /, 
  a shit ton of brushes ? 
  nice job, 
  well that 's still not ** completely ** legal . 
  you could argue it qualifies as legal but i would n't use the term `` completely '', 
  i upvote good posts , hide `` meh '' posts and downvote shitty posts as i do on every subreddit . 
  i do n't care about karma and like you said upvoting everything just makes the entire system pointless . 
  yeah you probably could . 
  does n't mean a damn thing though . 
  since i started smoking weed it 's taken me 4 years to get less `` academic points '' than i did in 1 year before that , i 've quit sports , gained weight and become completely unsocial . 
  i got awesome at playing xbox though . 
  and i wake up happy every day . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  yeah me too . 
  i come to r/trees for the funny and interesting pics mostly . 
  there are other subreddits for serious discussion , articles , studies , news etc. 
  i want a place where i can post pics of my new bong or a funny face my cat made while i was smoking . 
  it 's the reason i browse r/trees . 
  the only reason i subscribed to this subreddit was to look and share funny shite while i 'm high . 
  there are plenty of serious subreddits such as r/cannabis , r/marijuana , r/mmj , r/drugs etc. 
  i really do n't care for them , that 's why i look at funny shit on r/trees . 
  encouraging people to upvote all self.posts so a subreddit would * not * turn into r/circlejerk ? 
  wtf man, 
  idk it reminds me of lime . 
  i like lime . 
  a tree comic with an actual panel full of text from top to bottom ? 
  yeah ... right, 
   he was high on oxycotton or something like that , called the cops on me because he thought i was seriously going to fight a bear . 
  i 'm sorry and i feel a bit bad but i totally lol 'd at this sentence . 
  but $ 30.000 ? 
  what the fuck did they spend that on and how can they make you pay for something they force you to do . 
  screw the u.s seriously . 
  works just fine with me, 
  i have n't met an ent without a grinder so far in my life , so yes you should get one . 
  yeah disabling the fancy shadows helped a bit , i guess i should try fucking around in the settings more and see if it works . 
  it 's just that i have to be in the battle screen for the lag to occur . 
  sensitivity 's still ridiculously low though . 
  do you know if it could be adjusted somewhere in the game files or something ? 
  ca n't see a setting in the options . 
  i skipped # 1 by never leaving home and i do n't think i 'll get around to # 3 . 
  still a good day though . 
  cannabis can serve a greater purpose in the fight against cannabis prohibition wut, 
  your missing the point . 
  mutilation of kids is ok because it 's a religious tradition . 
  and because they 're men . 
  yeah we 'll see who 's laughing when this country gets even more overrun by skilless immigrants . 
  i know it wo n't be me . 
  opening the borders further in a country like finland is idiotic . 
  we have one of the highest tax rates and a great social security . 
  if you have an academic diploma or a skill or if you 're fluent in languages there is absolutely no reason to come to finland . 
  and they wo n't , most go to america in hopes of becoming rich . 
  the only sort of immigrants finland attracts are the ones who ca n't do shit and realize here it 's ok , because you 'll still get free money . 
  lol 'd, 
  also i was n't talking about every single immigrant to have ever come to finland . 
  unfortunately it does n't matter that every now and then we get a good apple . 
  yeah because a differing view on immigration policies = racism . 
  next i bet you 'll tell me we should get more hydroelectricity from lakes .
