  i know very well who thorin is . 
  i thought the three included loda , lewis and the girl, 
  i 've never even seen the movie and am 100 % confident this is breakfast club, 
  i never filled out 25 tiles either , but plenty of my cities are spread out over areas much larger than 9 tiles . 
  i like having space . 
  games like project cars and assetto corsa have great looking car models and overall graphics but i do n't think any driving game on pc or otherwise has so far matched the weather effects of driveclub . 
  lotv wins best starcraft game of the year, 
  i 'm just shocked it is n't some elaborate drug paraphernalia, 
  what do you mean ? 
  you look like i imagine every poster on this site to look like except less fat, 
  weddings are supposed to be loud, 
  yeah but did you even read my message ? 
  i said no other game on any system can match driveclub . 
  besides that 's a pretty big `` if '' considering the original question, 
  nice, 
  honestly every time i see this sub on my front page its about some '' '' `` milestone '' '' '' ( = every million $ ) . 
  i 'd rather see posts of new game content, 
  steam countdown says 13 hours for me . 
  i tried an australian vpn and all the ip location sites etc. 
  said i was connecting from australia but it had no effect on the 13 hours despite restarting . 
  i guess i 'll try again 4 hours 20 minutes from now when it 's supposed to come out in aus, 
  e. wait i 'm an idiot . 
  looks like it 's simultaneous everywhere, 
  even without a vm if you play without internet connection the hours disappear once you connect/restart steam . 
  if played in a separated vm environment that does n't connect to the internet after install there 'd be no way for valve to tell it 's been played for more than 2 hours . 
  900p 30fps is standard for xbox one . 
  ps4 usually manages 1080p 30fps . 
  extremely few console games go up to 60fps . 
  some fighters , hack n slash and ea sports games do . 
  it 's supposedly 15 minutes away and steam still says 9 hours, 
  `` the update is 2 minutes late , devs were probably lying '', 
  first day on the internet ? 
  12 for me on an ssd, 
  4790k 970gtx 16gb, 
  runs on ultra beautifully with no dips in frame rate . 
  crashed once in 7 hours, 
  the game was released 2 minutes after the time they announced . 
  that 's not a lie , that 's limitations of the system . 
  there 's nothing finnish about a towel in the sauna, 
  i respect jagr but god damnit do i hate him . 
  he 's ok in the nhl , it 's his international career where he 's always been a crying little bitch . 
  they have control over what profanity they include in the script . 
  they do n't have control over what people send in text messages . 
  it 's a legal/pr thing . 
  of course r * does n't give a shit if your feelings are hurt , they 're protecting themselves against potential `` harassment '' and `` cyberbullying '' etc. 
  claims by `` doing all that they can to prevent it '' . 
  in finland tall 0.5 l or 0.568 l cans are common . 
  330ml is still the `` standard '' but almost every drink that comes in a `` small '' can comes in a tall can as well . 
  though these look more like the tiny [ 250ml cans ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02609/coke-range_2609844b.jpg ) . 
  we have those as well but they suck . 
  damn those are some high quality vods, 
  ember 's remnants are probably the best ulti in the game so that 's not saying much, 
  yeah i do n't know about you guys but i personally have memorized the author of each dota related copypaste . 
  that was probably the best post this sub has ever seen . 
  head cheese does n't include the brain . 
  what chicken post ? 
  yeah . 
  it takes practice . 
  the `` that sounds like too much effort '' post . 
   does n't exactly sound like he 's from iowa, 
  you are aware that 2nd generation immigrants exist , right ? 
   as if americans are so childish they ca n't be trusted with the truth . 
  pointless to make it a nationality thing . 
  every government in the world thinks its people are too simple and stupid to be trusted with making up their own minds and opinions . 
  do n't forget these politicians and `` government figures '' etc. 
  are all individuals with their own lives , careers and ambitions . 
  wanting to spin the story so that it works good for them is understandable , they 're not doing it because they 're pure evil . 
   so you 're comparing a country with a population of 38 million to one with 318 million, 
  yeah but us has way more than 10 times the amount of public shootings that poland has so that 's not really a good excuse . 
  i 've been playing this game for 20 hours now and this video is where i learned the loading screen actually changes . 
  all my loading screens are under 5 seconds . 
   it 's a joke, 
  i do n't know if it has been fixed or was an online issue like with some other games but on launch day all sources reported 50-70 second load times on ps4/xo no joke . 
  i do n't know anyone who plays video games on a pc and does n't have a ssd . 
   most people still use hdds . 
  yes they do . 
  luckily you do n't have to choose between the two . 
  seriously though i wish i could read the loading screen tips somewhere ( maybe you can and i 'm just blind ) . 
  there was one about slowing down with the wingsuit i 've only seen briefly once and am interested in . 
  is it possible to land on your feet without deploying the parachute in between ? 
  yeah because bush was the evil president and obama is pure change that no lobbyists can touch . 
  yeah but having reached that point where playing a new videogame without drugs feels like a waste of a good video game kinda sucks . 
  attention, 
  on the contrary he seems to take insane amounts of damage even from the gentliest landing . 
  it wo n't ever one shot you but in the middle of a firefight you have to make sure to double tap space before landing . 
  can you land with the upgrade ? 
  = 5 seconds, 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  they 're still called 2nd generation immigrants though . 
   in fo4 he just , by what he said , bee-lined for the end of the games main quest . 
  i did n't hear him saying this in the video . 
  gta 4 and 5 ? 
   not sure it deserves it really , what i have played the game is not really all that different from fo3 . 
  being `` not all that different '' from a 7 year old predecessor is not really a positive comment in my book . 
  they * can * do whatever the fuck they want and when it comes to things like this the corporate mentality is always `` better safe than sorry '' . 
  how can you tell ? 
  all the negative comments i 've seen have really been about the engine , graphics , rehaul of the conversation system and overall quest design . 
  what you just described is the apartment of every single man living alone . 
  when he became a talk show host i think . 
  i remember him being funny in snl but everything i 've seen from his tonight show has been so incredibly tame and overly politically correct it 's impossible not to hate him .
