  you can find it on cheggit , probably on rapidshare etc if you try google, 
  yes it certainly does . 
  just the fact that he knows how to use a computer let alone stream videos on the internet makes him more likely to pirate than average . 
  yes an average person knows how to use the internet but that does n't mean anything either way . 
  an average person who knows how to use a computer is still more likely to pirate than `` an average person '' because that would also include everybody who does n't know how to use a computer and thus be incapable of pirating . 
  it 's like saying most people do n't watch the history channel , but people who own a tv are more likely than people who do n't . 
  i actually played it again only a few months ago ( on ps3 ) . 
  it 's still fun !, 
  well the shows are in hd on the interwebs about 15-20 minutes after airing and if you set up your utorrent with rss properly you can set them to download automatically so i do n't think it 's that much less convenient . 
  also for the rest of the world it 's the other way around . 
  pirate now or wait a few months or even years until it 's on tv . 
  yes i 'm making a judgment , i 'm judging multiple choice . 
  i 'm pretty sure the difference between `` questioning '' and `` judging '' is n't really that big . 
  i think it 's the same everywhere in the eu, 
  sounds great . 
  but you might have to sober up for some of the time trials/gems etc. 
  someone had taken the nickname i always use so i just added `` live '' in the end for xbox live . 
  was n't taken and it actually works pretty well with the name . 
   battle.net used to do this . 
  i had a handle that was over 15000 wins on starcraft . 
  my pc broke , and i was poor at the time and couldnt log on for 90 days . 
  they deleted my account on me for inactivity of 90 days without any notice . 
  when i called them up they said oh well . 
  i lost years of game records . 
  this happened to you and you still actually want them to implement the feature to xbox live ? 
  what the fuck , man . 
  the software that you use for the virtual machine probably affects greatly as well but based on personal experiences i find that w7 runs a lot better than wxp as a virtual machine . 
  while i agree this is a shop the black levels of the hood and the room prove absolutely nothing . 
  have you ever heard about interior lighting ? 
  do you have to tilt your head upwards to avoid dropping the bud or how do you smoke that, 
   because male-on-female domestic violence is underreported, 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  that 's all you hear about in the news/internet . 
  when 's the last time a guy punching another guy made the news ? 
  exactly . 
  this kind of shit makes me so mad . 
  violence ? 
  oh yeah it 's fine , just remember to add as you can in kids ' cartoons, 
  violence towards women ? 
  oh the humanity you are truly a monster how can you do such a thing, 
  worry about women 's rights = a hero , truly progressive , open-minded individual fighting for equality, 
  worry about men 's rights = butthurt neckbeard, 
  there 's nothing musically genius about beatles . 
  it 's just old so you feel that way . 
  it 's fucking pop . 
  for me it 's just that i completely forget , stay out smoking until ~ 5am , set the alarm clock for 3 hours later and wake up 10 hours later, 
  cool story bro, 
  none of your post makes any sense, 
  good music is good . 
  almost all genres ( except horrorcore 'n shit ) have good songs and music in them . 
  beatles was n't bad pop by a long shot and yes they had some very good songs . 
  i would never call them `` musical geniuses '' though . 
  their music was pretty fucking simple and repetetive . 
  there 's a big difference between calling something shit and saying it is n't genius . 
  well why mention genders at all then ? 
   i love going into a hot shower at a and coming out at a [ 7.5 ], 
  for me it 's the complete opposite . 
  if i go to a shower at a [ 6 ] it will be fucking awesome but i 'll come out at [ 1-3 ] . 
  it 's great when you need to sober up quickly but i 'd gladly take high showers more often without `` wasting the high '' . 
   just because a group is focused on approaching violence against women does n't mean they ignore violence against men . 
  well in theory no , but have you seen the reddit frontpage for example ? 
  every week if not every day there are multiple posts about violence towards women . 
  i am yet to see a `` violence against men '' or `` stop all violence '' post or a campaign anywhere for that matter . 
  of course some individual cases of violence are reported but nothing like this that talks about violence in general . 
  the most ridiculous part about this is if a man punches a woman in public he 'll get his ass kicked in a heartbeat ( even if the woman deserved it ( no i do n't mean she did n't make a sandwhich or some other sexist shit but attacked the man first for example ) ) and she gets saved . 
  surely the cops will only believe her and he goes to jail . 
  if you 're a man and someone attacks you in public no one other than your own friends will give a shit . 
  they just see a couple of guys fighting . 
  it does n't even matter if it 's 3v1 or they 're armed . 
  men face a vastly greater threat of violence , yet it 's the violence against women that everyone cares about . 
  please say one of these shows because i 'd like to try and search . 
  if it was broadcasted on a major network after the year ~ '90 it 's 100 % guaranteed to be on the interwebs . 
  older than that are n't a sure thing but pretty fucking likely . 
  my guess is you just do n't know the right sites to search from . 
   even on an overcast day sunlight absolutely overpowers any artificial light used in an home environment, 
  well yeah it ** would ** if it shone inside the hood . 
  do you think his head is the sun or what ? 
  yes that is definitely a fake pic , but still the blackness does n't prove shit . 
  if the black was somewhere in direct light it would , but not here . 
  i know about exposure values and approximate outside/inside lightings , i own a dslr and used to be interested in fucking around with it ( or what some would call photography ), 
  e. btw the black levels in the top part of the window are much , much darker than inside of the hood anyway . 
  it 's just the `` 1000 hours in ms paint '' looking gray part that 's lighter . 
  yeah but see either one of us lives in those countries . 
  and frankly i do n't give a flying fuck about them until we get our own shit straight . 
  well of course i do n't know about every single act of violence that has ever happened but i 've done a fair share of loitering and , well drinking outdoors ( i live in the city though ) and the cases of men getting beat up ( that i 've seen ) are by a rough estimate 20-30x more common than women . 
  and if it happens to be a women someone has always jumped in right away . 
  of course this is just my experience but it is backed up by another observation that all my male friends have gotten into multiple fights over the years without especially looking for trouble where as none of my female friends have ever exchanged more than a bitchslap or maybe some hair-pulling . 
  and even those ( that i 've seen ) were all woman-on-woman . 
  i prefer small boobs and i upvoted . 
  this right here is quality content no matter what kind of titties you like . 
  the whole `` gender gap '' is a ridiculous statement anyways . 
  if you look at individual jobs and $ / hr there is no gap . 
  men and women working in same positions in the same company have always been paid the same in every study i 've seen . 
  the only differences are that men work more hours ( i hope i had the sauce for this but i do n't so you can just disregard that if it sounds unbelievable ) and that men are more commonly employed in better paying fields of work . 
  a vast majority of nurses and kindergarten aids etc are female . 
  those are also very low paid jobs but still the people made the decision to study and work in those fields . 
  how can you act surprised when women in general make less money when so many choose to work in these fields ? 
  that 's like saying low-paying jobs pay less . 
  well duh . 
  also our physical differences come into play here .
