  ok i admit the `` i do n't read '' exists in males just as much but men do n't do the hole `` stupid and cute '' thing . 
  e. wtf reddit formatting, 
  my computer is on . '', 
  because life without work ethic , drive or discipline is pretty sweet . 
  as long as you live in a country were unemployment is fun . 
  yay socialism . 
  i have the same headphones as your cat . 
  i recommend you get a better cable for them though, 
  these are pretty much the only kind of posts i downvote on trees . 
  nothing personal though, 
  never borrow your piece to anyone . 
  i 've had 3 bongs , all of which have been borrowed by friends and broken by friends-of-friends . 
   if i 'm remembering correctly 0-9 a-f has something to do with hex, 
  well i seriously have no idea but i remember back in grade school they told us that instead of the `` normal '' 10 hex used 16 's . 
  0-9 + a-f is 16 different characters . 
  the good old alt-f4 trick is always reddit worthy, 
  no we have n't, 
  i 've been to 4-6 3d movies . 
  most of them high . 
  all sucked or would had been better in 2d, 
  3d sucks dick, 
  tbh i do n't know if everyone gets one , but i know 2 other people with eauhl teams and we all got one, 
  mine crashed over 10 times too . 
  saved every time though . 
  after like 7 crashes in 15 minutes it worked fine for 6 hours straight, 
  is the `` error message '' saving chunks ? 
  k mine said saving chunks every time it crashed, 
  i 've played it countless times on 3 different platforms, 
  it would suck to lose your bucket when pouring water to tea cups though, 
  i love it, 
  $ 4 for something that views reddit worse than my web browser . 
  sounds like a gread deal !, 
  r/apple . 
  where honest opinions are not allowed . 
  because 20 `` do n't mind the haters you are awesome for trying ! '', 
  comments are a lot more useful than a message saying he bought it and it 's crap . 
  and with greasemonkey/proper scripts reddit.com is much a smoother experience than this separate app . 
  i know people who force themself to old habits just because for some reason they do n't want people to think they were just phases . 
  ridiculous and annoying . 
  i 've had my phases , everyone has . 
  big deal . 
  just wait until you find someone to play it with . 
  preferably 2v2 . 
  shit is epic . 
  e. and i mean locally, 
  do n't you dare compare glee with vanilla ice . 
  vanille ice is the shit . 
  they 're the same, 
  well do something about it, 
  you fapped to a single text message ? 
  i 'm impressed . 
  [ first thing that came to my head ] ( http://img.chan4chan.com/img/2009-02-17/1234910493670.jpg ), 
  i played tropico 3 for about 60-70 hours total and loved it , however i found the missions to be absolute garbage . 
  maximum time and random island ftw, 
  e. wait , is this sandbox mode i 'm talking about ? 
  the term `` sandbox '' makes me think of free buildings and just doing whatever the fuck you want . 
  activate social services and build $ 1 tenements . 
  no more shacks . 
  oh god when did this happen, 
  idk if they 're that much worse though . 
  at least they 're not 20cm apart anymore, 
  e. i ca n't find any videos with the new ones : / can you name any ? 
  you can demolish shacks as well :p, 
  you can buy duff in most european countries . 
  it varies a lot from country to country . 
  italian duff was fucking horrible . 
  finnish is ok . 
  we do n't actually download from tpb as there are dozens of better sites available . 
  it 's more of a symbol . 
  a new game with good humor ? 
  and it has `` gun '' in the name ? 
  aweso ... oh , it 's kinect kiddie crap . 
  saved, 
  posts like that are ruining trees though . 
  it 's not un-entlike to downvote shitty blatant karma whoring . 
  in ( at least most of ) eu the turning signal must be yellow or orange . 
  i 've only seen red turning signals on american cars, 
  80 % of games i play are with friends on the same tv . 
  do you think any of them wants to be a goalie ? 
  especially when there 's a 4-player limit . 
  it was the same in 11 . 
  you need to lift the stick while they 're turning so it keeps on sliding . 
  me too , but 11 had a lot of good where i think 12 has failed . 
  for example the checking has definitely taken a step in the wrong direction . 
  reminds me of the old nhl 's ( pre nhl09 ) . 
  also this game is much more about luck than 11 or 10 . 
  cancel all my meetings, 
  the saplings pop out any way . 
  i always harvest just the wood first ( from the ground ) off a few trees and then make a new lap along the same path collecting all the saplings that have dropped to the ground . 
  i love doing that to people who use ghost, 
  while i agree that it 's even less effective in 12 they players did get the puck right back in 11 too if they were just skating in a straight line . 
  it was 10 where you could just hit the stick once and it would hover in the air for an entire second allowing you to steal the puck . 
  gow3 : probably crap, 
   only to responsible adults, 
  lol 'd, 
  also i have never seen anyone have problems eating kinder eggs . 
  besides the point of the picture is it 's a lethal weapon and is available to nearly anyone . 
  we do n't actually care about the specific model . 
  it 's funny going to usa and trying their chocolates . 
  everything tastes like the 20c cheapest non-brand ass-chocolate you get in the rest of the world .
