  i was playing fallout 3 , alt-tabbed to check one thing about bethesda on wikipedia , opened a new tab of reddit because , well reddit and this was # 1 post, 
  i think he 's `` talking to '' the kid in the gif, 
  i 'd much rather have additional buttons where i have 5-10 fingers to use them with instead of putting them all in the reach of my right thumb and nothing but my right thumb . 
  yeah i know they 're used that way . 
  i also know that people buy them because they play games where even a full sized keyboard is n't enough for all their binds , not because they want to minimize the use of keyboard . 
  priorities, 
  who got mad at techies ? 
  it 's called aoe because it affects heroes in the aoe even if they do n't contribute a thing . 
  the killer should still get the full reward regardless of their positioning . 
  something like a sun strike can be the hardest skillshot to land and you get less of a reward than right clicking once with a troll ? 
  except that they 're outsourcing the shirts to a service that can make even a single shirt for order if necessary . 
  these designs are just printed on shirts , it 's not like the they start sewing a new t-shirt from scratch every time someone orders one . 
  the fact that they offer any women 's shirts means they have shirts in women 's sizes in stock and therefore it does n't seem to make much sense to limit which designs are offered to be printed on them . 
  especially when women also get tons of designs not available for men so it ca n't be just a `` demoghraphics '' issue . 
   i 'm sure the company has an interest in maximizing profit not pushing personal agendas . 
  what about simple human error ? 
  the person in charge of outsourcing the designs or production did n't stop to think that maybe separating men 's and women 's products is unnecessary since that 's the way she 's done it before and it 's worked etc ? 
  they would n't lie untouched . 
  valve sells them online after the event . 
  because the kill gold was decreased to make up for the fact that you do get aoe gold . 
  now they took that away but did n't adjust kill gold . 
   his surroundings were a somewhat rural area in the state of texas . 
  i was thinking more immidiate surroundings with a guy twice your size 10 inches from you and not paying any attention to him . 
  i 'm more surprised anyone noticed, 
  1942 mp `` demo '' with wake island was probably more populated than any of the non-wake island maps in the full game . 
   it 's lose/lose , and the only winning move is for it to be left in the past entirely, 
  but you 're responding to a post about not digging it up again himself when nobody is asking to talk about it anymore . 
  i deleted my facebook for this reason . 
  it 's extremely rarely used on actual users and people who deduct `` shadow bans '' by comment count are full of shit . 
  much more likely is automoderator hiding a comment because it contained a link that was n't allowed or something like that . 
  lmfao who careas haha xd, 
  the guy on the top left with sunglasses on his forehead had his mind blown, 
  he did . 
  or victoria 's replacement did . 
  that guy was joking about tittles . 
  this sub has always had a shit ton of cartoon/anime content . 
  i just accepted it because people in the comments did n't seem to find it odd and apparently pokemon is somehow related to black culture . 
  yeah wtf reddit might 've had some `` bad press '' lately caused by a small but vocal `` hate speech community '' and their right to free speech but as a whole reddit is one of the most liberal left wing sites on the internet . 
  whoever wrote this article is out of touch on many of the issues he writes about . 
  i never said black people ca n't like cartoons . 
  i said this sub has an extremely high number of posts related to cartoons and anime to the extent that it would appear anime and cartoons are a much bigger part of `` black culture '' than culture as a whole . 
   why russians do n't make calls ? 
  because spot names are very different and can not be directly translated to english . 
  spot names are very different in finnish too but all my finnish speaking friends know the english callouts as well in case we ever decide to play without a 5 stack . 
  what you 're describing is exactly what people are complaining about . 
  in this day and age you 're expected to also speak english despite your native language and most russians ca n't . 
   we 're not being fed some sweet blizzard kool-aid, 
  yet this is exactly how this entire post sounds, 
  b-but my equality . 
   i 've also been a full time student for ... over five years now , so i 'm totally broke and saving all my money for tuition fees . 
  i just could n't afford streaming right now . 
  it 's funny when you realize things you take for granted . 
  i 'm a student and totally broke too but i pay 9.90 $ a month for fiber and data caps do n't exist here so something like streaming being unaffordable never even crossed my mind . 
  anyone else think it 's kinda bullshit how child support is tied to your income ? 
  especially if those children never lived with their father , how the fuck do they or the mother deserve $ 400k ? 
  according to google `` the median wage in the us per person is $ 26,695 . '', 
  so that 's basically 100 % of the average person 's salary for 18 years . 
  seems like an unrealistic requirement for raising a child as a single parent . 
  reminds me of the scene in [ the simpsons ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qnn42wf.jpg ), 
  yeah because cultural differences do n't exist and acknowledging they do is racism . 
  my first thought as well but looking at it again he does seem to plant his feet in preparation . 
  he even leans forward . 
  wrong sub indeed, 
  but the `` u boats '' part is n't in any way crucial to the joke . 
  it 's just to avoid repetition . 
   why not use it ? 
  because i have nothing worth hiding and it 's still an extra step to take ? 
  i do n't even have a password in my computer . 
  has n't caused me any problems and saves me time and effort every day . 
  and he will be missed, 
  feel free to argue but it does n't really change anything . 
  phones are more useful for a number of reasons other than `` ease of use '' . 
   my machines boot up like anyone elses . 
  the only extra step is plugging in a smart card before it will actually load windows . 
  i log in with a password just like you 'd do at work . 
  so that 's two steps more than i do, 
   credit card numbers ? 
  ssn ? 
  intellectual property at work ? 
  the password to every account you use ? 
  information on your debts ? 
  all of that is worth much less to me than the extra effort every time i turn on my pc . 
  and again , you 're talking about physical access . 
  if someone broke into my house my reddit password would be the last thing i worry about . 
  i own my apartment and again i find the risk of a `` property manager '' coming in unannounced and planning to steal my data using somewhat advanced computer knowledge such a ridiculously low risk it 's simply not worth typing my password every time i turn on my pc . 
   i 'm pretty sure there is plenty you do n't want people to know . 
  sure , but it 's not on my pc . 
  i do n't have credit card information on my pc . 
  i do n't have my social security number on my pc . 
  i have no intellectual property or debts to hide . 
  if you break into my pc all you 'll find is some video games and porn . 
  the skins are given to players in `` cases '' that you have to buy a key ( ~ 2 $ ) to open . 
  after a player has opened one he can use it or at any point sell it forward on the steam marketplace ( or 3rd party trading sites ) . 
  the price for the skins is purely supply and demand which is primarily determined by a. rarity of the skin b. the weapon the skin is for c. how cool it looks . 
  a nice looking design for an often used weapon like ak-47 can have a drop rate of say 1/100 so to get it from cases it 'd cost on average approximately 200 $ . 
  the marketplace price tends to always be a lot lower than it 'd cost to get it from a case but opening cases has the aspect of `` what if i get it on the first try '' and it is kinda fun to do , like scratch-offs . 
  to balance the valuable skins most of the drops are complete shit like uzi skins that often sell for about 3-5 cents . 
  the drop rates are n't public though so the prices can vary a lot depending how much the community likes certain items . 
  people are more likely to hang onto and keep using a nice looking skin and therefore there are less in the market running the price up . 
  of course it 's 30 minutes of googling for someone who knows their way around a computer .
