  it 's not illegal to have food on your yard . 
  daily reminder that americans do what we did in the early 90s, 
  is that even karl ? 
  it looks more like that actor kevin connolly, 
  yeah and i said i 'll never do drugs, 
  welcome to the internet, 
  60k after taxes is n't a living ? 
  i would n't i can tell you that much . 
  all i care about is what do the mods think about patreon pics ? 
  i hope they allow them . 
  but i 'm not a part of her patreon community . 
  i 'm a guy who jerks off to her pictures on the internet . 
  i do n't know if you tried to imply this on purpose but the portion of tumblr that is pants on head retarded with political correctness is much larger than reddit and i hate this faggot site . 
  holy shit i did n't even realize it 's tucked in and i bet he did n't either, 
  i wish someone told siractionslacks he is n't funny, 
  yeah valve does n't have anything to do with the production or organizing the tournament . 
  they just give the prize money . 
  it works on orchid but it does n't necessarily counter it, 
  what is it with esports and the obsession over shitty replays nobody wants ? 
  add the unnecessary 5 second animation and woaw, 
  good for life is an excellent slogan, 
  so when people want to make america great again it 's a meme but when they circlejerk around bernie like reddit has been for the past 12 months it 's just informed political discussion ? 
  it was never good, 
  when *, 
  also he 's going to grow out of it in a year or two, 
  first off that 's not a fc barcelona shirt . 
  secondly they already got their publicity . 
  pr stunts are n't `` for life '' deals and finding another kid in need is much more effective than `` remember that kid who got a messi shirt a few years ago ? 
  he got another one '' . 
  how can you blame the devs when the same games can be run at 60fps on pc ? 
  a game does n't `` need '' to be anything . 
  but it 's much more enjoyable at a decent frame rate . 
  even turn based games feel much nicer at 60fps . 
  video encoding/decoding, 
  james is the only reason i was even watching during the downtime that makes up 75 % of this tournament . 
  invite please ? 
  could it be him mentioning world of warcraft ? 
  i remember during ti5 newbie stream od started talking about league and the stream cut to black 15 seconds later mid-sentence . 
  also redeye commented something about being new to dota and having more experience `` with another game he 's not allowed to mention '' ( sc2 ) . 
  here 's an orange inbox icon . 
  dota has competition . 
  csgo does n't . 
  `` after this major '' though and without this happening it would 've passed off as an average self deprecating joke that fits his style, 
  i meant more in terms of the game . 
  lol is a huge competitor so valve is super careful about every detail . 
  what are people going to switch to if they do n't like how valve treats csgo ? 
  quake ? 
  lol is totally a competitor and in the same genre of video games . 
  the games do n't need to be identical to be competitors to each other . 
  and i 'm not defending valve . 
  and people in the dota community like james, 
  the major in philippines will be organized by esl who did the frankfurt major, 
   a poor analyst . 
  she either does n't understand the meta, 
  she 's played 6000 games of dota2 and she 's 3k . 
  of course . 
  not the main competitor though and valve does n't give two shits about csgo vs dota competition , it 's all the same for them which way the money ends up in their pockets . 
  right guy got the win . 
  anyone saying otherwise should learn how ufc scoring works . 
  it does n't matter who was closer to being knocked out, 
  who is this ? 
  all i get from google are lingerie catalogs, 
  who is this ? 
  all i get from google are lingerie catalogs, 
   trusting player perspective mouse, 
  why would you go through the trouble of uploading a video and not even getting the whole thing ? 
  why not ? 
  it 's the optimal platform to enjoy the series on . 
  battlefield 4 . 
  hardline is shit . 
  i 'd recommend even 3 before hardline . 
  recommendation gameplay wise : you do n't need to sprint all the time like in cod . 
  you 're not in a hurry anywhere . 
  learn to evaluate your positioning in relation to enemies and do n't just try to rush to the next kill . 
  slowing your playstyle will lead to big rewards once you get a hang of it . 
  yeah ca n't be just nervous , must be amphetamines . 
  lmao, 
  i love how everyone in the comment section is laughing because they 're acting like they 're retarded then changing their opinion when they found out they 're actually retarded . 
  why was it funny to them in the first place if retards are n't funny ? 
  you can see her breasts . 
  / r/dota2smut is n't `` penetration only '' . 
  in fact if you look at the submissions the worst ones by far are the ones that try too hard to be `` hardcore '' . 
  it 's political regardless if it 's factual . 
  original : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkyd-cdd_gs, 
  `` men always give up , i never give up '', 
  feels good man, 
  yeah why do n't you downvote and fuck off then ? 
   he talked outside of the courtroom . 
  no shit ? 
  have you ever in your life experienced getting a joke ? 
  having a secondary account qualifies as `` creepy af '' now ? 
  i saw vines on youtube for a long time before seeing an actual vine link, 
  remember how it was so integral to the sport that in sega rally they actually simulated the spectators running around in the track ? 
  you think these are white indigenous dutch people whe 're talking about ? 
  how is that a headshot ? 
  maybe it 's just me but i have a feeling the video is a tas, 
  i have a feeling it 's gon na end right when the `` 8 minute video to show how to do a 10 second thing in photoshop '' video tutorial trend ends . 
  this is total bullshit and you should ignore this post, 
  how the fuck does someone grow up not knowing thank you in russian ? 
  have you never seen a war movie or played a video game ?
