  i 'd much rather `` fix '' a computer in 5 minutes and look at cat videos rest of the time than eat cake and talk about the same two subjects for hours with older relatives . 
  and they consider me a guardian angel and/or a computer wizard so it 's a win-win situation . 
  it was genuinely surprised this was n't one of the top comments, 
  he did n't actually take a picture but instead there were four video cameras there . 
  is that really better ? 
  i mean obviously this is fake as fuck but if it was n't that little tape would n't really change the situation that much , would it ? 
  ok so i contacted windows phone support and they had the randomest fix . 
  i 'm leaving this here in case anyone else has a similiar problem and stumbles upon this . 
  the windows phone support guy actually told me to download a keyboard , any language it does n't matter . 
  then wait for about a day and the marketplace should start working again . 
  he said this is n't the first time he 's seeing it and this has worked before , though he had no idea why it works . 
  i can edit this later if it did in fact work , as he told me to wait about 24 hours . 
  e. worked , though after two days . 
  just got 21 updates . 
  it 's funny that twitch uses the same policy that myfreecams.com uses . 
  it makes sense but it 's still kinda funny , especially in this context . 
  yeah but the thing is they did n't break anyone else 's `` time travel rules '' or general `` time travel rules '' . 
  they broke their own rules they had spent the last hour establishing . 
  the entire movie is about how he uses or tries to use those rules to his advantage , for better or worse , and then they go and completely ignore everything that 's happened previously in the same movie . 
  it 's like that scene was outsourced to a different writer and they did n't have the time and money to delay shooting the scene once they saw the script . 
  that 's why every time travel movie should be treated individually . 
  that scene in butterfly effect did n't break any generally agreed upon time travel rules . 
  it broke its own rules they had spent the entire movie explaining to the viewer . 
  yeah but casino royale was the first book , that 's what he probably meant . 
  yeah . us got taken down a couple years ago, 
  no they do n't , do n't lie to yourself . 
  i play games a lot more than i read and proper video game stories are rare as fuck . 
  even when they are n't just excuses for the change of scenery and gameplay they 're closer to a movie at best . 
  nowhere near a proper book . 
  yeah i thought the title ( and the content ) was a parody, 
  well it is worse than kief, 
  prostitution, 
  but the transforming is only visual , so why does it matter ? 
  both forms of druid of the claw are still called `` druid of the claw '' . 
  oh yeah you 're right . 
  it 's not useless , but you do n't lose the hp . 
  99 % of this sub is people reacting amusingly ( from our perspective at least ) to stressful situations . 
  well to be honest i would be pretty embarassed to see myself spew spaghetti like that on television . 
  have you ever seen a news crew in real life ? 
  they do n't just shove a camera into a random person 's face and start firing away questions . 
  they ask around for someone to interview , set the camera so that the background looks nice etc , usually even prep the interviewed a bit before they start filming . 
  you do n't become a part of a news interview on a stressful day by accident . 
  when in rome etc. 
  it 's r/cringe lingo, 
  this is actually pretty common among virgins . 
  about as common as premature ejaculation . 
  i personally just powered through it but it definitely took some time and effort . 
  no they do n't . 
  maybe for one from the first manufactured shipment but working ness are n't rare . 
  i have one and i paid 30 $ for it . 
  kinda like crazysysy or whatever she calls herself now . 
  she used to masturbate on camera for `` free '' ( = for tips , but even non-tippers saw the show ) now she does n't even go topless unless it 's a private ( $ per minute ) . 
  she just sits in front of the webcam and fiddles her iphone for a few hours before going out , and people still tip like crazy . 
  though i 've heard she 's started flashing tits again which is nice , but then again i already downloaded a 20gig collection of her old stuff from empornium . 
  i do . 
  i play a fairly lot of csgo and though the 60hz screen is a bitch i still get over 150 fps so it 's fine . 
  i also play civ 5 , starcraft 2 , hearthstone and a shit-ton of indie games . 
  it feels like +90 % of indie games these days are for mac too which is nice . 
  games like do n't starve , ftl , hotline miami , papers please , prison architecht , frozen synapse and stanley 's parable are some of my more recent favourites . 
  other games i have installed/played in the past on my mac include tropico 4 , diablo 3 , rainbow six 3 , team fortress 2 , minecraft , ut2k4 ( a long time ago ) . 
  right now i 'm mostly waiting for wasteland 2, 
  invaluable software for those of you who want to play fps 's on mac : http://smoothmouse.com/, 
  e. i also like playing older ( early 2000s ) games on a virtual pc inside my mac , since you get the added benefit of snapshots ( work kinda like quicksaves ) . 
  rome total war , gta san andreas , hitman 1 & 2 etc. 
  mostly nostalgic stuff for myself . 
  it does n't really piss me off as internet is full of porn and naked ladies , but i just ca n't figure who those people are who pay her to get her buzz on and then leave . 
  it 's not like she 's even chatting with the viewers , most of the time she 's sending text messages to her real life friends about their plans for the evening or looking at other stuff with her phone . 
  i do n't know if this is a bug or a design choice but it 's bullshit how after you accept an enemy 's surrender your bullets go straight through them even if they are n't misses , but enemy bullets still do dmg . 
  i was down to 2hp when i scored a hit and the enemy surrendered so i thought i was miraculously saved , only to get hit and killed a second later . 
  what do you do now ? 
  you unlock all the other ships and beat the game with them of course . 
  winning the game 10-15 % of the time is considered struggling ? 
  easy does n't count, 
  i 've never even tried easy mode . 
  i beat the game on my 30th try ( this was the original edition , have n't beaten ae yet ) . 
  i think the normal difficulty is perfectly balanced even for newer players . 
  if this game was n't difficult what would be the point ? 
  on normal ? 
  i actually do that except with a [ portable vaporizer ] ( http://www.dutch-headshop.com/images/products/lrg/g_arizer-solo-portable-vaporizer_arz-solo-3-1.jpg ) . 
  it feels kinda bad but it works so great . 
  so what about videos that are linked to a specific time in a compilation ? 
  like you 're really posting that one video , but ca n't find it uploaded alone . 
  nope . 
  my friend has one too and he likes it as well . 
  he owns like 8 vaporizers ( and i 've extensively tried them all too ) , the solo is by far the best portable vap . 
  of course a proper desktop vape will get you bigger hits but i like ease of a portable one . 
  fucking ghost steps is the worst . 
  and it 's not my computer/client . 
  i remember lots of times when the entire team clearly heard footsteps and then the last enemy pops from the opposite side . 
  it really kills the mood to play . 
  i 'm on the same boat , except i was more of a rainbow six guy . 
  too bad they could n't achieve what they aimed for with takedown . 
  i even read the kickstarted update letters they sent out every week or so and was really pumped . 
  estate did replace mansion . 
  it was mansion in beta and estate after 1.0 ish, 
   it features an opening sequence and couch gag written by british graffiti artist and political activist banksy , who stated he had been ** `` inspired by reports that simpsons characters are animated in seoul , south korea . 
  typically i like banksy , but this makes him seem really ignorant . 
  seoul is not a shithole . 
  it probably has a higher quality of living than wherever in the uk banksy lives . 
  how stupid are you ?
