  you go to the pub to pay too much for alcohol ? 
  i go there for the atmosphere and the company and pay for the overpriced drinks because i have no choice . 
  if i could have my own drinks i 'd gladly drink those . 
  the worst part is it 's even on the rocks . 
  even the manly man category does n't have a manly man drink . 
  why are you talking about 5k pace when we 're talking about running a mile ? 
  1700 would be in the `` very bad '' category even for a 13 year old . 
  why ? 
  i do n't see how a brick and mortar store like this is any better than ordering online . 
  in fact i 'd still order online even if this store was in my town . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2mkw82m.png ) a picture of my local game store, 
  not pressing charges is * actually * a thing . 
  it just depends on the charges . 
  there are many crimes the public prosecutor ca n't charge you for unless the victim chooses to . 
  why do people on reddit always assume public figures ' foremost interest is to avoid press ? 
  press and drama is a huge part of how sports teams sell tickets . 
   personally , i mix up which one is which a lot and i 'm sure a lot of other people do as well . 
  i 've never heard of anyone mixing these two symbols . 
  to me it sounds like mixing up the pants and dress symbols . 
  i would n't assume it 's a problem for many people . 
  n and m is pretty common here . 
  it 's not some antiquated language but the one people commonly speak so it 's not as much of an issue but i always assume the people who use those signs to have never traveled . 
  i 'm an atheist and still give people christmas presents . 
  i believe `` thou shalt not covet '' covers that as unwed women and more specifically their virginity were seen as their father 's property . 
  i knew mgs was out there but what the fuck is happening in this video ? 
  stuff like this is why i do n't buy games at launch regardless of money . 
  am i saying it 's unplayable ? 
  of course not . 
  but why play the 1.00 when i can play the 1.05 that 's objectively a better game . 
  it makes no difference to me whether someone else on the internet got to play it 2 months before me . 
  yeah i 've been doing this with most games ever since dlc became a thing . 
  just buy the goty version or whatever . 
  it 's always funny remembering reading on websites/reviews how buggy a game was and then not having a single issue when playing it yourself . 
  how often does this happen if you ignore which team did it ? 
  that video is 14 minutes . 
  scenes on streaming sites are usually between 5-15 minutes . 
  the same scenes on paysites ( or torrent sites ) are usually between 40-60 minutes . 
  the cut down version on the streaming site does n't have some particular scene op wishes was there . 
  e. checked , the original scene is 52min 48sec http://i.imgur.com/q98fssl.jpg, 
  i 'll put my money on `` felt threatened '', 
  in other words people who were n't fanboys in total denial of any flaw in the game finally got fed up and moved to other games . 
  that 's surely the sign of a healthy community . 
  oh get off your high horse . 
  it 's not like nobody else here smoked weed while living at home . 
  saying `` his house his rules '' is equivelant to `` the law 's the law '' . 
  based on everything i 've read and heard if you want to be `` patient '' or strict with your money destiny is not the game to get involved in . 
  rtz was 7.8 k a few hours ago today when i was watching his stream, 
  mmr is mmr though , it 's calculated exactly the same whether it 's party or solo . 
  i 'm not against op 's suggestion but this logic is n't very solid . 
  i understand that but i feel like that 's only an issue in the `` should the mmr 's be combined '' discussion . 
  this is not that discussion . 
  this is the `` should solo players have a separate matchmaking '' discussion . 
  in the `` resuffle '' thread people claimed ice and fy leaving . 
  never believed it for a second, 
  again , how is this any different from being `` respectful and mature '' and following the law and not smoking in places where it 's illegal and thus respecting the will of lawmakers ? 
  reborn minimap looks pretty much how s1 minimap looks without - novid, 
  yeah dota has gotten like a thousand `` performance upgrades '' for low end rigs in the past few years . 
  how about just one improvement to those of us with decent pcs . 
  it 's completely optional anyway, 
  because artour is a meme child and actually enjoys it, 
  b-but lina and cm are my two most played heroes, 
  i 'll probably get some hate for this but i 'm not surprised at all . 
  it 's a fun game , for a day or two . 
  i honestly do n't see it having enough depth for a serious professional scene . 
  do people really adjust their temperatures or turn them down to save money ? 
  i thought it was a sitcom thing . 
  never in my life have i adjusted the temperature , it 's always whatever `` room temperature '' is . 
  but do n't americans watch more tv than any other nation ? 
  i like rally and i 've never physically been at a rally event . 
  well to be completely accurate there was contact . 
  it 's just that it was by candreva . 
  apologizing for a mistake makes it ok . apologizing for getting caught trying to abuse the rules is not ok in my eyes . 
  people laugh at british phrases a lot more than people laugh at american phrases . 
  also i do n't see anyone doing either in this thread so what are you even crying about ? 
  makes you look like a right tit, 
  300 is big and fat but it 's not enough to be one of those cart using hamplanets unless you 're really short, 
  the name of the manufacturer is right there in the pic http://www.simon-o.com/, 
  and christian bale is the reason people like the first rate batman, 
  move to finland . 
  we suck at football . 
  both of them . 
  because those are natural occurances captured on film . 
  this is manipulation of light and exposure to get a specific result , one that many feel is overused, 
   bethesda practically reinvented the genre of rpg games, 
  all of my reaction images, 
  i want it and i do n't even have an attic, 
  i do n't want to hate on anybody and i did n't downvote any post ... 
  but, 
  these subtitle effects just make the gifs worse imo . 
  they 're gimmicky , they look cheap . 
  a gif should be about the content or dialogue , not the font and effects of the subtitles . 
  these would 've been cool in the 90s when `` special effects '' was something few people had access to . 
  in the 2010s they 're just cheesy and frankly `` lame '' . 
  yes they serve a purpose here , but this is very much a meta post . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with the usage of after effects in this gif about the usage of after effects . 
  i 'm talking about the general use and rise of popularity of these gifs with excessively complicated effects on the subtitles where simple white text with black outlines would suffice . 
   that said , your way of disagreeing is not very polite, 
  to be honest i went out of my way to be as polite as possible . 
  if this is not polite then i simply do n't know what is . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong or anything but to me the `` vault 101 growing up '' tutorial and the `` courier shot in the face '' tutorial were equal .
