  i used to check teammate profiles pretty often and even if they did n't communicate in english actual russians are surprisingly rare . 
  compared to enemy team that uses exclusively russian alphabet . 
  also it seems the minister is just getting up to shake his hand . 
  his knees are still bent . 
  the black suit just kinda hides it until you pay close attention . 
  not really . 
  and i do n't mean that as an insult or anything . 
  he looks pretty slim . 
  114kg sounds about right . 
  were you a professional athlete with no extra weight and every pound in muscles or were you just a fat guy ? 
  nice sports trivia there . 
  too bad it was totally unnecessary and off the point . 
  so in other words he 's a politician ? 
  pm has probably had more practice shaking people 's hands and also seems more likely to be the type of guy who 's read a book about what handshakes mean . 
  * tips fefora *, 
  i could be a homeless alcoholic someday but that does n't mean i give coins to beggars . 
  true , though i still feel it 's incredibly large for a fully optional and somewhat obscurely hidden area . 
  you 're glad to find one hidden room in most games . 
  yeah and not just decals about calvin peeing . 
  every single piece of merchandise that has calvin or hobbes on it ( shirts , stickers , toys , anything ) except for some calendars that were only made for a specific year is unlicensed . 
  watterson never gave rights to any sort of merchandising . 
  that 's the real story , not the movie rights . 
  source : it 's mentioned in the prologue of the complete collection . 
  i wonder what 's the lowest subscriber count required where a legitimate complaint about posted content is answered with a meta post about complaining about content . 
  damn that sounds good, 
  as someone who works in a call center this question probably is n't directed at you, 
   maybe your lazy ass should of gone to the atm and paid with cash, 
  it 's a picture of a celebrity when they were young . 
  that 's all you need to make the top of / r/oldschoolcool . 
  bam had a very minor role and was often not even present in the original jackass tv show which was much better than the movies ever were . 
  he is not `` needed '' . 
   driver throws a fit by immediately dialing 911, 
  how is it throwing a fit to call 911 when being involved in an accident ? 
  does the wide angle lense somehow make that [ black truck on the right ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1cy1ezg.png ) tinier ? 
  wide angle lense or not he 's well behind that black truck and even the black truck has plenty of `` safety room '' in front of him . 
  the driver of the dasmcam car is over one car lenght from the one in front of him , closer to one and a half . 
  if someone ran into my car i 'd call 911 every time no questions asked no matter how polite or non-confrontational they were acting . 
  it 's just standard procedure in that situation afaik . 
  all the results on google seem to disagree with you . 
  while i agree he was exaggerating especially with his tone of voice i can kinda understand what he was going for . 
  getting reports of the person acting violently is more likely to get the cops there quicker and to be fair he was n't exactly lying . 
  she did seem to hit the car with her hand . 
   bam is needed just as much as the next guy . 
  even if this was true i do n't think anyone outside of knoxville is big enough factor to single handedly make the show not work were they missing . 
  yeah you get asked about it but it 's not like the caller thinks it 's your decision to make . 
  you probably get asked about a lot of things . 
  that 's kind of your job . 
  find friends . 
  play with a party . 
  problem solved . 
  crying wolf implies nothing worthy of calling the police is happening . 
   even as she 's getting in her truck the driver of the bmw claims she 's `` hitting '' his car , implying ongoing action . 
  there 's 4 seconds between her hitting the car and him saying it on the phone . 
  i think that 's close enough to ongoing action . 
  yeah i have a pretty standard 24 '' monitor of similiar resolution ( 1920x1200 ) at the same distance and it has sufficient ppi but nothing extraordinary . 
  those tv 's are 48 '' . 
  they 're literally four times the size of my monitor with the same resolution . 
  that 's absolutely terrible . 
  if those were 4k monitors it 'd be something to be jealous of . 
  as it is i 'd rather use a single monitor than have three oversized hdtv 's hooked up like that . 
  it 's almost like people can post on both websites, 
   i just wanted to quit smoking and have a healthier alternative , fuck me right ? 
  have you considered quitting smoking then ? 
  you do understand how basic geometry works , right ? 
  this is like 3rd grade math . 
  you 've been using some pretty shitty pc screens then . 
  a good quality monitor will completely destroy any tv when it comes to image quality and color reproduction . 
  5 screens is overkill for sure but using just one screen sucks no matter how big it is . 
  most things like videos are the same aspect ratio or designed to be viewed in the same shape as a monitor so your options are either running them fullscreen or having two windows next to each other which limits a video effectively to 1:4 of the screen space . 
  if you 're playing a game you probably want it fullscreen so that means your media player , voip , chat windows , browser , whatever you might want to be able to see or check periodically are all hidden . 
  usability like that is why 2 monitors is a huge step up . 
  there is n't even a separate non-emergency number where i live and anyone ca n't be expected to know the local number if they 're traveling . 
  there 's a reason they have a number that 's widely known and the same wherever you go . 
  i 'd rather just call 911 thanks . 
  you mean how blizzard completely ignored dota and let valve snatch it away to make millions upon millions of dollars ? 
  i 'm mostly surprised people ca n't see how his complaint about the lack of old school ping is totally legitimate and instead blindly fanboy over this change . 
  maybe it just tells about the kind of people who still come here or something . 
  because while the addition can be nice that man definitely does have a point . 
  if i see a dropship or an oracle or a ht moving into position for a storm etc and just want a quick ping i just want a quick ping . 
  i do n't want to choose what type of ping or be forced to pressa additional buttons or perform a certain maneuver with my mouse . 
  i want a quick ping . 
  i do n't need to include any additional information with that ping , i just want to get my teammates attention to that part of the map as quickly as possible with as little effort as possible . 
  would n't it make more sense to have letting go of alt before completing the click be the cancel for example and clicking on that area that 's currently an x just be a regular ping ? 
  i really do n't think the ability to cancel a ping is that important in the first place . 
  she looks like a cheap prostitute who got knocked up at 16 and never finished high school . 
  all other mobas ( at least all the major ones ) require you to grind or pay money to unlock characters . 
  dota is the only one where everything is free from the start and there is no power difference between a 1 hour old account and an account with a thousand hours . 
   purchase or grind to unlock 110 heroes would instantly have ruined dota for me . 
  pay to play would 've been fine by me but i agree otherwise . 
  i never even gave games like lol or smite or hots a shot because the business model in itself is so disgusting i do n't even care how the gameplay is . 
   not too long ago, 
  14 years ago, 
  a good quality suit is pretty much the comfiest clothing possible . 
  will i need real money to play ? 
  you will have access to a rotating hero pool of 15 heroes and will be able to play without paying a cent . 
  have you ever worn a good suit ? 
  and i do n't just mean a suit that was n't the cheapest at walmart but a real tailor-made suit from quality fabric ? 
  sweatpants do n't stand a chance . 
  you 're right . 
  tap water tastes way better than bottled water .
