  \\  logic, 
  wait . 
  this is actually real ? 
  do n't know about lag last few days but there are no treyarch/activision hosted game servers . 
  cod is p2p . 
  yeah but if she gets lost from the group it just looks like she forgot to dress up and has some real ugly sweatpants, 
  the video is fucked up . 
  you can clearly see her trying to push him off and overall having a bad time . 
  that being said i fap 'd . 
  i love r/trees but shit like this really should n't get upvoted . 
  there 's no oc , well actually any content whatsoever , and nothing funny or interesting or otherwise post-worthy . 
  i 'm glad imaginary internet points make you happy but i think the main purpose of the up/downvote system is to separate wheat from the chaff . 
  `` upvote everything '' makes the entire thing pointless . 
  it can be, 
  that 's nasty . 
  you should also probably get a better pipe . 
  ones like that tend to suck dick . 
  i always try to buy a new one once i reach about 25 %, 
  also i 'm paranoid to check how much i have left if i know i 'm going to toke and go somewhere where i 'll need them . 
  i use res and what is this, 
  in other words he usually skims off the top so much that even at a 15 % discount he still makes enough profit . 
  your microwave shows fractions of seconds ? 
  it 's not difficult being without smoking, 
  it 's just less fun, 
  that looks genius . 
  do you have a video of it in action , what is it and how do i make one ? 
  wrench socket, 
  oh it 's a waterfall . 
  now i get it . 
  i suppose you screw the cap off to refill ? 
  that 's actually pretty clever . 
  just like people like to not talk about the beating women and slaves aspect of the bible, 
  i enjoy wbc being on the spotlight because it 's a prime example of how religion can fuck people up . 
  understood . 
  you should n't throw it away but seriously consider getting a better one . 
  i have a pipe that 's very similiar only twice the lenght that i got for free from a friend of mine who hated it and it 's absolute garbage . 
  metal is not a good material for pipes . 
  yes i know this is the normal porn filming procedure but it really seems the male actor pushes things over the limit . 
  hence the pushing away that 3 seconds later cuts to an entirely new scene where she looks angry as fuck . 
  well i 'm as dirty console gaming peasant as it gets but there is absolutely no reason getting bf3 on consoles . 
  i have over 1000 hours in different bf 's ( 450 in bc2 alone ) but i did n't even buy bf3 because i do n't own a decent pc and the console port is such shite . 
  maybe in a few years . 
  hangover was * okay *, 
  knocked up is a classic . 
  what 's amazing is i 've watched it with two chicks and gotten laid both times . 
  makes absolutely no sense other than it 's an awesome movie . 
  while i like the idea there should be about 4 times more food on that plate, 
  i do n't know what the op thinks but imo vaping is kinda fun ( passing it around while playing xbox or something not really concentrating on the weed ) but in terms of effectiveness it sucks dick . 
  if i smoke a nice bowl from a bong i 'll enjoy getting a little bump from a vape but alone it 's pointless . 
  4 out of 7 nights last week i dreamt we were back together . 
  shit sucks . 
  not . 
  the show went to shit after the 3rd season, 
  besides what does america have to do with anything ? 
  i 'm european and know him primarily as mr. bean . 
  it 's a lot easier being responsible high than drunk, 
  google reverse image search is like a hundred times better . 
  where is here ? 
  is that nph ? 
  i never realized he was in starship troopers . 
  i can go up to 8192 . 
  learn the low ones as memory , higher ones as internet connections . 
  because once you get used to custom smilies communicating without them just does n't feel right . 
  also it 's more reliable than fb or other options . 
  i use them side-by-side though . 
  i have tried but pidgin did n't properly support custom smilies ( i saw them but nobody else did ), 
  oh god i can assure you i do n't, 
  i use traditional bbs smilies ( like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/phiui.gif ) ) and some reddit faces and whatnot . 
  conversations feel so cold without any smilies . 
  macfag here also . 
  i have tried pidgin and amsn and a few others which names i do n't remember . 
  i do n't actually have any im accounts other than msn and facebook . 
  not too much to handle . 
  yeah that was one them . 
  i did n't like it in '07 though there 's probably a new and improved version out since then . 
  in some places they sell like a 2-in-1 pack of raws that has a stack of roach papers like in the pic attached to the rolling paper package . 
  biocock sucks cock . 
  no but seriously i did n't like it that much . 
  that game may have a laughable plot but the controls , game mechanics and the shear amount of action make it one of the best games for 360 . 
  army of twos are great co-ops . 
  fallout 3 was a unique experience . 
  gta 4 is a classic . 
  alan wake has one of the best storylines out of 360 games . 
  so what 's the original context ? 
  i thought he was mad at mcd 's for making kids fat . 
   downvotes are attention, 
  downvoted submissions get less views and therefore less attention . 
  i believe he has the right to speak his mind . 
  i also believe we have the right to call him an asshole for it . 
  i 'd let you yell at them for $ 40 though, 
  panels 1-4 true story, 
  panels 5-8 `` damn that would had been so cool . 
  well the internet wo n't know the difference '', 
  does n't look that way . 
  check out the bush in the lower part of the window . 
  smoking joints , eating trash , huffing glue . . good times !, 
  i wish i could draw that well, 
  upvoted for owning several tuxedos, 
  that 90 's barbie looks ridiculous, 
  i do about 2/3 green 1/3 tobacco .
