  this was not one guided missile that failed to hit its intended target . 
  it was sustained bombing that went on for over half an hour and happens daily . 
  they did n't target a hospital . 
  they targeted a city center . 
  do you think an msf hospital in a war torn city is a glowing white 8 story building with a helipad on the roof ? 
  they 're just repurposed apartment buildings . 
  you ca n't bomb a city center full of civilians then be surprised when you hit something other than terrorists . 
  now this i can relate to, 
  please do n't . 
  i bought the compendium because i like doing the challenges and never play unranked . 
  that said i hate retards who prioritize the challenge over victory just as much as everyone else . 
  you have 5 days to do 4 of them , it 's not like you 're in a rush . 
  by that time it 's already a fucking news story because internet media does zero fact checking, 
  holy shit it works . 
  living armor blocks a lot more dmg than it heals . 
  the actual heal is pretty negligible ( 195 over 15 seconds on lvl4 assuming it lasts the full duration ), 
  most people you know seem to have a pretty realistic idea of the two sites then, 
  are you implying reddit does n't already sell all of that info to its advertisers ? 
  there is no `` private information '' on 4chan other than your ip and the content of your posts . 
  true now that everyone competes with the internet but a few decades ago when it was newspapers and the nightly news minutes did n't really matter in the race to be the first one reporting a story so there was no reason not to fact check as it served to protect the brand and reputability of the publication . 
  these days companies try to shave off every second to be that first link that gets spread around facebook etc. 
  that 's why so many news stories nowadays are only a few sentences long when first published and then get edited with added details over the next hour or so . 
  even if the story turns out to be total bullshit only a tiny fraction of the original audience will see the correction and in the end it 's all about getting clicks and ad revenue . 
  have you been able to do it with clarities ? 
  i got the timing down so that about 3/4 of my salves worked but i never seemed to get a clarity to work for some reason . 
  this was one of those times when nothing about it is funny but you know it took a long time to make so you upvote out of pity, 
  yeah 17 at most . 
  she 's born towards the end of the year so likely 16, 
  22 days . 
  you 're just getting old . 
  when rousey exchanged words with mayweather the reddit comments on how she could actually take him on in a fight were the ones to rise to the top . 
  never underestimate how delusional people get whenever a woman accomplishes anything somewhat commendable in sports . 
  oh no please do n't take away my precious internet karma points, 
  yes because there 's nothing reddit knows like running a joke to the ground by overusing it, 
  yeah boycotting a site for raising concerns or criticisms ? 
  and it gets upvoted ? 
  this sub is the most toxic community i 've ever witnessed and i play dota . 
  i do n't even see what 's so `` shitty '' about the article . 
  it 's practically just a list of 3 links two of which are articles by another site and third is the response from cig . 
  it even outright states that it 's hard to pick a side to believe in . 
  if you want to boycott any site it 'd be escapist for their questionable journalist methods but still even despite not sharing all of the concerns or believing most of the allegations made i think it 's perfectly healthy to be raising these questions . 
  just because i backed a kickstarter project does n't make it my job to do their pr . 
  even the gamecrate article seems extremely neutral to me . 
  it 's the article by escapist and the blog posts by derek smart that seem biased against cig . 
  even then i would n't boycott anyone because i think it 's healthy to bring these topics up even if there really is no cause for concern . 
  i do n't personally belive roberts is a con man nor am i worried about the schedule but i think it 's good he 's reminded that people are keeping him accountable . 
  i know star citizen is a cult and as a backer i 'm a part of it but chris roberts is not my unquestionable god . 
  `` if many believe so , it is so . '', 
  that is likely the mistake escapist made ( 9 people all said it , so it must be true !, 
  ) , and possibly the same mistake newegg is making ( everyone is blogging about this so it must be true ! ) . 
  linking an article does n't mean `` i 100 % believe every word said here and so should you '' . 
  more often than not it 's simply `` this article was an interesting read so i recommend you look it over and make your own conclusions '' . 
  to be fair the dayz subreddit is suffering from a very similiar type of stockholm syndrome with the difference that they ( should ) already know they 've been fucked . 
  at least here we 're still in the unknown . 
  if you watch carefully you can see the blip blop enter the flam zam just in time, 
  i bet stuart morris is a popular name in austria, 
   he enjoys the feeling of fucking a rubber duck, 
   it \u00b4 s pretty incredible . 
  more like the aim assists in the console version of cod4 is pretty shit, 
  waste possibly hundreds of hours of my life hoping to get lucky on the rng on a purely luck based feat ? 
  yeah sounds like a great plan i 'll let you know when it 's up on youtube . 
  even in this gif you can see the guy is aiming right at the building 90 degrees off of his target when he pulls the trigger . 
   you honestly think that guy jumped off that roof thousands of times just to get that lucky shot ? 
  no skill involved ? 
  100 % luck and shitty aim assist ? 
  yes . 
  source on her dying ? 
  she definitely took a beating but she 's clearly still conscious and moving at the end, 
  thanks . 
  and apparently the guys got caught too . 
  i think he 's saying this type of vr is n't for him . 
  you do realize the cost of not only developing this technology but also manufacturing these goggles with tons of tech and hi-definition displays ? 
  people do n't have a problem paying this much for a smart phone and those are a lot simpler technology . 
  have they said anything about backwards compability or plans to convert old games to support it ? 
  it would be pretty cool to play driveclub with vr . 
  to be completely honest that 's the only ps4 game i would use it with . 
  3rd person or isometric games do n't really work with vr . 
  well i do n't think anyone was implying this only works with an ak-47 . 
  to be honest i do n't even think that is an ak-47 . 
  yeah it is an ak or some type of kalashnikov rifle but i does n't look like a 47 . 
  someone in the comments suggested it 's a yugoslavian made zastava m70 which looks about right but it 's obviously been heavily modified so it 's hard to tell for sure . 
  could just be an akm . 
  you did not foresee move controllers and the camera being a huge flop ? 
  you must be about the only one . 
  that does n't really make the technology any cheaper to manufacture . 
   having to dance around my living room, 
  you realize that 's exactly what differentiates vr from motion controls ? 
  with vr you can use the same old proven control methods like a gamepad or keyboard and mouse . 
  it 's exactly the opposite of motion controls which , like you mentioned , required you to dance around in your living room . 
  and the guy is saying he does n't see the appeal of them . 
  worked once but could n't find a game after a 25 minute queue so i restarted dota and now it does n't work anymore, 
  i 'm not going to buy it either . 
  i 'm just saying the price is totally justified for what it is . 
   jumping onto a bandwagon of vr without properly implementing it, 
  but the price is on par with all the competitors . 
  how is that `` not properly implementing it '' ? 
  then you should be ashamed of yourself, 
  yeah they * can * just like the guy in red * can * make such a comment . 
  what is cropping ? 
   assumed people would n't make inappropriate comments,
