  in firefox it was view -  page styles but i have no clue if chrome has the same feature, 
  i 'd probably back up my bookmarks etc. 
  then reinstall the browser if nothing else works . 
  probably strap him to his waist and walk around while giving him praise and treats etc. 
  then at some point remove whatever was holding them together . 
  they are banned in many places . 
  turns out the logistics to pat down and strip search 10.000-50 .000 people to spot a flare small enough to fit anywhere before every game is n't that easy or a realistic goal . 
  i love how this thread and the imgur comments are europeans ( or south americans ) reacting to the save and americans reacting to the flares . 
  do n't move into an old european city if you expect to have unhindered movement on roads at all times, 
   the stairways are large enough to carry all the furniture through, 
  in new houses yes but try getting your couch to fit the stairways in any building built before the 1950s in helsinki, 
  these flares are smaller than a cell phone . 
  you can put them in your underwear if you want, 
   i find the mental strength of the self-sacrificial lamb astonishing . 
  these women were demanding something and were being ignored , so one of them took her own life by enduring unimaginable pain so others can see their demands met . 
  yeah accidentally setting yourself on fire really is the pinnacle of mental strenght, 
   risk, 
  i was thinking more along the lines of `` effort '', 
  i bought 1 treasure with signature . 
  it was winter . 
  i will never wonder why i bought it . 
  it 's okay , you can say fuck on the internet . 
  use better trackers . 
  basically everything on empornium is uploaded on the highest quality it 's available on the pay site . 
  and it 's a collection of like a thousand pay sites instead of just one . 
  are you familiar with the concept of prison wine ? 
  it 's like that , but prepackaged . 
  to go with the theme my 420th victory was with [ treant protector ] ( http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/7/72/treant_update_splash.jpeg ), 
  i only just realized the coincidence , it was actually simply a good pick for the situation haha, 
  he is no doubt the best ever . 
  the overall athleticism of players , level of competition , equipment , nutrition , coaching etc. 
  is higher than ever before and he 's by far the best there is now . 
  that makes him the best of all time . 
  i love how the guy creating the video was like `` get some messi highlights , cut all the excess out , no need to show the goals just focus on the dribbling , ok let 's trim it down to only when there 's three opponents or more , no need to show replays , 3-5 seconds per clip is enough , do n't include any transitions just game footage ... that should narrow it down '' and then the final product is 15 minutes long, 
  saying the stupid shit desrow did that 's linked all over this thread is `` legal '' too . 
  that does n't make it any better . 
   you 're not forced to like stephano either, 
  what does that even mean ? 
  i do n't hate him . 
  also afaik i 'm not `` forced to like '' anyone on earth and neither has anyone in this thread claimed they 're being `` forced to like '' stephano so i do n't understand what you 're getting at . 
  `` i dislike this one thing stephano did '', 
  `` you 're not forced to like him '', 
  `` thanks ? '', 
  like what 's the point of that statement ? 
  was somebody asking your permission to dislike him ? 
  does saying `` you 're not forced to like him '' somehow defend his actions ? 
  like you thought the reason people disapproved of his behaviour was because they thought they were forced to like him but now that you told them that it 's actually ok not to they suddenly view him in a better light ? 
  i do n't get what you 're trying to say . 
   you are allowed to be fucking retarded , but you should n't be , right, 
  but that 's exactly what i was saying with that comparison . 
  i did n't say desrow was n't a scumbag or that i approve of his actions but sending those chat messages was legal . 
  judging by you saying he 's `` a scumbag '' i 'm guessing you did n't approve of what he said either . 
  if that 's the case then i do n't understand why you go around saying stupid shit like `` if it 's legal it 's legal '' especially when the comment you responded to did n't say a word about legality , just about it being a scumbag move . 
  i never said that desrow 's and stephano 's actions were comparable . 
  i did n't even comment on the stephano case or judge him for it . 
  i only commented on the validity of the statement `` if it 's legal it 's legal '' . 
   i ca n't help to think it 's the usa people that like to scream pedophilia when they do n't even know what it means, 
  14-year olds are often prepubescent or at the best undergoing puberty no matter what french laws says, 
   third , it 's their private matter . 
  what ? 
  if it 's even illegal in france how is that a private matter ? 
  if i have sex with an 8 year old is that my private matter ? 
  where 's the line of `` private matters '' if it 's not the legal age of consent ? 
   call out stephano as a pedophile/sex offender etc. , which is obiously dumb . 
  i fail to see how this is `` obvious '', 
  \\  tfw mozilla firebird master race and no nostalgia from ie6, 
  well `` this '' could refer to the type of surgery, 
   the issue is when ever i look for a complication i ca n't find one . 
  everything comes just that little bit too easy . 
  even when i originally started after 10 hours it was hard to find any challenge in the game . 
  it 's not like tropico or something where there 's a campaign full of challenges etc. 
  it 's more like virtual legos . 
  the challenge is n't presented to you in form of missions but you challenge yourself to build a really nice looking city . 
  if you look at the [ top posts ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/citiesskylines/top/?sort=top&amp;t=all&amp;show=all ) on the game 's sub ( [ example1 ] ( https://i.imgur.com/4jzvqly.jpg ) [ example2 ] ( https://fat.gfycat.com/niceearnestarchaeopteryx.webm ) ) they kind of represent the `` goal '' of the game . 
  to build a really nice realistic looking city , not trying to survive and balance taxes or optimize budgeting etc. 
  fast & furious mentioned on front page, 
  fast & furious 7 bluray released yesterday, 
   he was also the only us president pay off the national debt and preside over a debtless government, 
  yeah but anyone who knows the first thing about economics knows that 's not actually a good thing . 
  debt-free is great if you 're talking about personal finance but nations are very different in many ways . 
  it 's basically wasted potential . 
  i learnt how to read morse code at roughly ~ 8 years old . 
  it was pretty normal in boy scouts . 
  i 'm sure stuff like that was even more popular 100 years ago when you did n't have video games or even tv . 
  people who think governments aim to be debt-free is the epitome of stupid shit people post on reddit . 
  not really . 
  i was a huge fan of sim city 2000 , 3000 and sim city 4 and none of those really felt like they offered that experience of building a realistic nice looking city . 
  playing them felt like a strategy game trying to beat the game logic and optimize your save file . 
  do n't get me wrong i enjoy that type of game but i never fealt the kind of joy you get in games like minecraft by just building stuff with no stress of failure . 
  even the relatively new sim city 4 had very monotonous cities that all looked alike and did n't prioritize building a beautiful skyline let alone anything to the extenct of cities : skylines with all the moddable assets . 
  sure the advances in technology have allowed things that were n't possible at the time of sim city 3000 but that should n't be held against cities : skylines . 
  it fills a gap that previously was n't filled imo . 
   survivors yell to the audience , `` na dota , lend us your strength '' but nothing happens because the na dota scene is a joke, 
  it 's been a while since i played this game in 2013 ( ayy lmao ) but gta5 's character animations really are top notch . 
  even that little glimpse she takes before the first step . 
  not a lot of games bother with such detail . 
  fuck you carlos, 
  yeah being from a country where everyone and their mum played 1 . x this all just looks so strange . 
  even when we 're `` having fun '' it 's like buying exotic weapons when up 10 rounds and still executing the strats . 
  this fucking around like you would do in gta online or something just looks so foreign when coupled with counter-strike .
