  oblivion did have similiar issues , but it was nowhere near as prevalent . 
  in skyrim it literally felt like 90 % of the quests were the same thing . 
  while on the quest you could almost never even tell which one it was . 
  simply running towards some objective marker in a cave that probably does n't even have anything to do with the backstory to the mission . 
  just a generic cave with generic enemies . 
  that 's not good game design . 
  i can remember a lot of the mission briefs in skyrim , but there are only one or two instances where i can connect the quest story to the actual gameplay involved with it . 
  it 's 9am where i live . 
  way ahead of you buddy . 
  yeah but rockstar does n't really have final authority as to when title updates become available . 
  it sounds more like they 've already submitted the update to microsoft/sony and estimate 7am will be when they generally roll out new updates . 
  i would n't be surprised to see it before 7am est in europe . 
   i understand if i buy a vehicle it will infinitely respawn, 
  you understand incorrectly . 
  the safehouse garages are bugged but the bought garages seem to work just fine . 
  i 've never had a vehicle disappear in 70 + hours . 
  i have n't had any issues with the impound either though , just visit it regularly to make sure there 's space as it only holds 2 vehicles . 
  if it 's shit just blow it up outside the impound and it wo n't go back . 
  unlikely as in all likelihood it 's linked to the location setting in your profile and not your internet connection . 
  i do n't think you can change your profile from us to europe for example even if you can change the country in your profile . 
  which `` marketplace '' it 's linked to is permanent afaik . 
  you can make a new account though if you 're that desperate . 
  i 'm not sure it 's absolutely the cheapest but my friends have good experiences from www.cheapxboxlivecodes.com, 
  they send the code via email and not in the mail so it 's relatively instant . 
  you definitely can . 
  i paid 34 $ ( ~ # 28 ) for 14 months last time i ordered . 
  the prices have gone up in that store though , now it 's even more expensive than what i linked . 
   company has not confirmed the possibility of adding all cities in online version of the game . 
  they will start with already built liberty city . 
  what ? 
  this does n't really seem like a reliable source . 
  on a scale from 1-10 it 'd be 0 . 
  i just got this too in finland, 
  [ wc proof ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yomgm8u.jpg ) ( i know it means nothing :p ), 
  yeah . 
  i heard ps3 still does n't have the update . 
  that info is about an hour old though . 
  i was one of the first to download the update ( within 2 minutes of this post showing up ) and got in just fine with zero problems so far . 
  many of my friends who downloaded it 30-90 minutes later said they could n't get into the first race . 
  after retrying and finally getting the race they did n't have any problems after it though . 
  i 've been able to play no problem since this was posted . 
  level 8 after about 20 different missions/races/deathmatches etc. 
  me too . 
  it was a nice way of getting personalized faces without 1000 different sliders . 
  besides my character was n't ugly at all like people are complaining here . 
  then again i made a woman character and so far i 've seen zero ( 0 ) other females among the 150-200 other players i 've seen . 
  i was quite surprised , i though other people would be excited to finally play gta with a female lead . 
  that has no effect . 
  i 'm talking about the `` expanded radar '' in gtao settings . 
  bandwidth allocations ? 
  what is this , 1995 ? 
  i got in the race right away ( with 8 players , not just lamar ) and have been playing since \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af i 've had some disconnects but relatively little and am now level 14 \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  because any release this size will have these issues no matter how `` prepared '' they are . 
  it 's just the state of technology the human race has invented thus far . 
  you crying about your $ 60 is ridiculous when it 's been like 12 hours . 
  please tell me you paid the $ 60 two months in advance to preorder but now waiting a day is too much ? 
  or just edit ? 
  that 's why the edit button is there . 
  if you edit within 2 minutes it leaves behind no trace . 
  and if you truly realize it `` immediately '' then that should n't be a problem . 
  e . you would 've never known i typo 'd `` should n't '' had i not told you . 
  because you did n't pay for the game to work on oct. 1st . 
  you paid to get gta online . 
  you will get gta online . 
  rockstar even told you long time before launch it wo n't work on oct 1 . and probably not for an entire week . 
  you knew this when you made the decision to buy the game , or in case you did n't it 's because you did n't do your research as it was an official announcement from the developer . 
  quite a high salary for someone who does n't know how to spell paid . 
  you have conversations with people on the bus ? 
  they do n't . 
  it 's because athletes are supposed to be role models for children and thus not do illegal drugs . 
  i understand the hypocrisy and i do n't agree with the logic ( especially since tobacco and alcohol are allowed ) but that 's why it 's banned , not because it enhances performance . 
  the un considers it a drug and the international olympic committee probably listens to them . 
  i 'm really not here to argue about the logic as i do n't agree with it myself , it 's just something i from an interview about the issue of marijuana in olympic drug tests . 
  \\  reads someone 's comment history before answering, 
  yeah those are not my words so it 's no use trying to convince me . 
  bioshock 2 had multiplayer ? 
  famous actresses and musicians do n't already have mandatory drug tests in place because performance enhancing drugs are allowed in show business, 
  in the last ~ 18 months ( since reinstall ) i 've downloaded around 4 terabytes and uploaded about 8 . 
  and that 's just files , it does n't include web traffic or streaming . 
  this is n't what i consider justiceporn . 
  this is just incredibly sad . 
  just to be clear we 're circlejerking over the originals , right ? 
  no vegas plebs allowed here . 
  he could 've gone through the trouble of merging like 5 pics from his different franchises . 
  but no , this was right on the front page of google and it 's all about being the first one to post if you want that karma , nobody cares about quality . 
  you realize `` counter-strike '' was used in the context of `` invention of online gaming '' here ? 
  he 's definitely not talking about csgo . 
  i knew all i wanted to know about you when you said that your online profile/avatar/whatever makes it clear you 're a woman . 
  i 'm a man . 
  i do n't have [ mangamer ] james ( with a penis ) as my nickname . 
  you use that protection code thingy to lock your phone ? 
  why the fuck ? 
  are you either a secret agent or a 14 year old girl who thinks the entire world wants to read your conversations about shoes ? 
   i 'm a female csgo player and i deal with attention towards my gender very rarely and if i do , it 's mostly neutral `` wow a girl on our team '' or something . 
  so they 're phychic ? 
  and if you do n't have a clear indication of your gender then does n't that make your point of `` i deal with attention towards my gender very rarely '' worthless ? 
  well that 's even better, 
  \\  using your own pic as an avatar, 
  \\  using in-game voip, 
  \\  had to mention being a lesbian for internet karma points although it has nothing to do with the subject,
