  you 're getting paid for a lot more than that . 
  you 're getting paid to keep a stash of illegal drugs in your house in quantities that exceed personal use . 
  you 're getting paid to go pick up these large quantities of weed and then be on call for whenever someone wants a $ 25 bag at their convenience . 
  you 're getting paid for making those contacts in the first place . 
  you 're getting paid for having your number on dozens of phones with incriminating evidence of drug trade . 
  you 're getting paid to have these kids know your name and take the risk that they get caught doing something stupid and actually believe the police when they scare him into giving you up . 
  suddenly that $ 5 does n't sound that great , does it ? 
  and quite frankly it 's these people who buy $ 20 bags that are most likely to cause problems . 
  not intentionally of course but they 're usually either young kids or `` weed junkies '' who do n't have their shit together . 
  adults and more experienced responsible users usually buy in larger quantities just to minimize their own risks and avoid the hassle . 
  well then you 've certainly found a nice opportunity for business wherever you live . 
  it 's not common that you can charge triple the purchase price and still maintain a customer base . 
  usually the laws of supply and demand make sure the difference between wholesale price and consumer price does n't raise too high as there will always be someone else selling the same stuff cheaper if you try to take too big of a margin . 
  well yes theoretically but there are only so many hours in a day . 
  a lot of dealers who play it safe do n't like having more than one person over at a time or even like to meet outside . 
  with the phone conversation and the physical deal even a $ 20 deal that takes one minute to weigh can take a full 30-60 minute chunk off your day . 
  theoretically yes you make more money per gram , but you could be using that time to make much bigger deals and move bigger amounts . 
  usually at least where i live the supply is not the issue , it 's finding customers . 
  if you get it sold there 's always more product available . 
  that 's why i dont think profit per gram is that relevant , i like to focus on profit per time spent . 
  yeah but the effort and time it takes to sell 10 grams and sell 1 gram is exactly the same . 
  you can tell yourself that theoretically it 's the most profitable per gram to sell small bags but in reality when you sell 10 grams you 're making 7-8 times the money in the same amount of time even when you 're giving a lowered price . 
  if you 're a middle man dealer who 's likely to have an endless supply as long as you can move it the `` profit per gram '' becomes rather meaningless . 
  oh trust me that 's all i did as a teenager . 
  but i moved past single grams very quickly . 
  if i do 5 deals a day do you think i want to have $ 100 of revenue out of which $ 30 is profit or have $ 1000 of revenue out of which $ 200 is profit ? 
  they both require the same amount `` work '' and time , just better customers . 
  sure the price per gram is lower but i could always get more weed . 
  time is limited . 
  dealing in bigger amounts is much more profitable even if the price is theoretically lower . 
  you 're saying that like teenagers do n't drink alcohol . 
  and `` middle of the day '' because the sun is up ? 
  it could be 8pm on a saturday for all we know . 
  it looks like the sun 's about to set too . 
  yeah i was thinking of dark souls too, 
  or just accept the fact that you 're aging ? 
  how about that . 
  original does n't make it better . 
  you seem to take your reddit browsing maybe a bit too seriously, 
  more like i just got cheap viral advertisement for the show . 
   manoeuvre, 
  yes, 
  i do n't think iphone corrects donut to doughnut though . 
  well for one it 's not a gif so that could have something to do with it . 
   and then there are people who are saying but xyz is objectively better ( like 60fps for instance ) . 
  then i tell them that objectively better is not to play at all , but no one gives a damn . 
  i do n't really understand what you 're trying to say here . 
  also 60fps is objectively better than 30fps . 
  and 120fps is better than 60 . 
  it 's ridiculous that this is even a discussion . 
  i 'm in a semi similiar situation . 
  i had a crappy pc and got a ps4 last fall and played it like crazy . 
  then i got some money together and built a new top of the line pc this january . 
  i honestly have n't even turned on the ps4 since then . 
  i hate to admit it because it makes me feel like buying the ps4 was maybe a rushed decision because i did n't think i could afford a pc . 
  bloodborne is great but i was kinda expecting for more games to be at least announced by now . 
   i went with the ps3 version over a pc because i wanted to play it on a couch , with a controller , hassle-free . 
  so , in that instance , the console option was indeed a better choice . 
  you can hook up a xbox360 , ps3 , xbone or ps4 controller to a pc and it works just fine . 
  you can also connect your tv to your computer via hdmi and use steam in big picture mode . 
  i get the whole `` enjoying games on a sofa '' thing , i do it too and i even buy games on consoles for it but that 's just habit . 
  in reality it would be as easy as buying a $ 5 hdmi cord to have the same experience on a pc ( except with better framerate , graphics , cheaper games , mods etc ), 
  i have n't seen that many people take this seriously . 
  a lot of pc gamers just enjoy these discussions because they ca n't lose . 
  just because they 're eager to partake does n't mean it 's necessarily serious for them . 
  buy a second pc ? 
  well arguably software is better as well because there are less limitations . 
  not to mention the same games run better and cost less . 
  as for the `` gaming experience '' thing any device that accepts a ps4 ( a tv , a surround sound system etc. ), 
  will also accept a pc . 
   i really do n't see the console warrior thing as often anymore as i see the whole pc thing, 
  maybe because the whole console war this generation is pretty much useless . 
  the consoles are almost identical feature wise with the ps4 having a bit more processing power . 
  it 's way too boring to even provoke any discussion or fandom . 
  pc on the other hand is an objectively superior platform . 
  there 's no denying it so of course some people are going to use the opportunity to rile up others because they know they ca n't lose a comparison . 
  it 's not a gaming specific thing . 
  the same thing applies to sports if one team gets dominant and even politics and tv shows and tons of other stuff . 
  well you obviously already own a pc and a console . 
  i think what he 's suggesting is to own 2 pc 's . 
  i do n't see how that 's any more of a far fetched idea than owning a pc and a console , seeing as how modern consoles are nothing but branded pc 's with a proprietary operating system . 
  true , but that 's not really a great argument if you 're trying to decide which is better . 
  quality comes at a price . 
  the difference between 30 and 60fps is not something people pick on because they have nothing else to complain about . 
  it 's a really major difference in any fast paced game and affects gameplay even more than it affects presentation . 
  i have my pc set up that if i alt-tab to another window while still keeping the game open on the 1st monitor it 'll lock the frames at 30 . 
  you notice the difference instantly even if i 'm just idling at menus as long as there is some movement on screen . 
  yeah you were a pathetic nerd . 
  we believe you . 
  that does n't mean you know anything about anybody else except yourself . 
   there is nothing ignorant about that because its my opinion, 
  this is a really ignorant defense . 
  of course opinions can be wrong and are debatable , in fact opinions are the only thing that are debatable . 
  there is n't much to debate about an established fact . 
   this is completely subjective because everyone has different tastes . 
  nobody has a `` taste '' for less mod support . 
  nobody has a `` taste '' for smaller resolution or lower framerate or framerates dipping when the action intensifies . 
  nobody has a `` taste '' for less performance capability . 
  nobody has a `` taste '' for paying more for the same game . 
  these things are not matters of taste .
