  there are exactly zero ( 0 ) advantages to the msp . 
  except if you count not `` having to give your credit card information '' but then again why do you even have a card if you 're afraid to use it . 
  i think microsoft makes enough money without stealing people 's credit card info . 
  besides , debit cards work too . 
  yeah you maybe but you 're a vast minority, 
  that 's what they want you to believe, 
  enjoying food = getting retarded and unresponsible, 
  keep your eyes on the passing lanes . 
  anticipate your opponents moves . 
  do n't overcommit . 
  everyone who smokes gets introspective . 
  or at least nearly everyone , it is a drug after all and drugs have different effects on everyone . 
  but that one 's probably the most common effect of marijuana . 
  which is something you would know if you truly smoked weed . 
  or maybe you 're just one of those people that 's toked alone once or twice and goes on the internet acting like they know all about it . 
  i use `` that 's gay '' or `` you 're such a fag '' nearly every day . 
  i have nothing against homosexuals . 
  # 291 on my `` frontpage '' so hardly front page . 
  but yeah i downvoted the submission . 
  / r/mr is not for dumbasses ' facebook statuses . 
  i do n't know why you 're post is n't getting that much attention , probably because of the boringish thumbnail . 
  anyway your tits are beautiful . 
  why were you pissed ? 
  i mean i 've been toking nearly every day since i was 16 and i 'll admit weed has negative effects . 
  it is an intoxicant after all . 
  everyone should aknowledge cannabis has negative effects , because it 's better to know the truth than exxagerated propaganda of either extreme . 
  1:20 was actual tv . 
  i wonder if that 's us only . 
  `` shit like this '' ? 
  that 's hardly a major issue , just a small statistics mishap , it happens in real life too . 
   i just find it stressful and annoying to be under the cap . 
  without it , i do n't have to be worried about losing key players on my team . 
  balancing between a good team and keeping under the cap is the entire point of being a gm . 
  without a cap there 's no challenge . 
  but hey if challenge in a videogame is `` annoying and stressful '' to you then go ahead , though you might do better with facebook games . 
  this was so unexpected but true that it was one of the funniest comments i 've read on reddit for a while, 
  who does n't want to bite into a fully intact steak ? 
  but yeah , i 'd slice it for a sandwhich too . 
  that 's not too expensive . 
  considering it 's steak grade meat . 
  and it 's a lot of food . 
  i do n't want to write two seperate comments so i 'll just say here that this is probably the best looking shooter sandwhich i 've seen on reddit ( and i 've seen a ton ) and it does a good job convincing me to try one as well . 
  and pixels, 
  how did you manage to fuck up the quality so bad ? 
  sorry but i do n't understand that . 
  i had huge hopes for this game , i love open worlds and games that give you real choices but this game only gave you the illusion of both . 
  yeah you could roam around the world and ... that 's it . 
  there was n't much of anything to do . 
  i 'm the type of guy who has to check every room and hallway in a videogame so i crawled around air ducts and hacked every computer etc. 
  there was hardly anything of interest anywhere even though i paid attention to the plot and read every e-mail and note i could get my hands on . 
  and speaking of the plot ** spoiler alert ** as if it had n't sucked enough already , nothing you did during your entire playthrough mattered . 
  you pick the ending from three buttons ? 
  that 's as lame as it gets . 
  how did you like the ending ? 
  nothing you did during the entire game changed anything . 
  it made the `` choices '' you had made feel entirely pointless when everything boiled down to which button you choose to press in the last second of the game . 
  pretty sure they said that about 2012 as well, 
  done . 
  lot of questions about mods do n't you think ? 
  what ? 
  that was n't a joke ? 
  the damn book is about 1/3 the thickness of one of the lotr books . 
  welcome to the internet, 
  the way i figured it was start from the middle of the bottom line . 
  go left , go all the way up , finish the high triangle , go back to the starting point , draw right triangle any way you want, 
  genius, 
  in the finnish tv interview i noticed he kept saying `` one of the best athletes '' `` one of the best ever '' etc. 
  never `` the best '' . 
  i do n't care what any law or `` expert '' says , not talking will make them more suspicious . 
  sure if you 're taken downtown or arrested i agree it 's wise to say absolutely nothing but as long as it 's just a `` casual conversation '' you want to appear like you have nothing to hide . 
  yeah technically not talking is not probable cause for anything but cops are human beings after all and will get suspicious and search harder if you 're acting like an asshole . 
   moreover , there is no law at all that permits an officer to ` search harder ' for anything simply because an individual chose not to speak with the cop . 
  no shit ? 
  however , officers rarely go to the full extent of their powers if they have no reason to suspect you and you act respectfully towards them . 
  for example they have the right to do a pat down search on you without pc , but they do n't do it every time they talk to an individual . 
  act like a defensive jerk and you 're guaranteed one . 
  eyes looked red , breath smelled odd , person acted strangely . 
  there are tons of reasons for `` suspicion of criminal activity '' that cops can whip out of their ass and you ca n't disprove . 
   if you have never heard the term trance 2.0 thrown around , i fear you either are new to the scene , or are ignorant to trance 's roots . 
  i have been listening to trance since around the millenium . 
  i love old trance just like i love new trance . 
  do n't call me ignorant or a newbie just because i prefer listening to music instead of reading `` experts '' throw meaningless words around . 
  pfft you maybe . 
  i moonwalk 24/7, 
  you do n't actually have to act strangely for the police to cite it afterwards as their reason for a pat down search . 
  that 's the point , you ca n't prove you were n't `` acting strangely '' or did n't have red eyes . 
  you 're missing the entire point which is that you do n't have to have red eyes , smelly breath or suspicious behaviour for a cop to say you did . 
  i 'm not suggesting you go over and talk to the police while holding drugs but if one engages you in a conversation he 's much more likely to go asshole on you if you start babbling on about your constitutional rights etc. 
  than if you just answer his questions like a normal person . 
  of course there 's a limit and you should never incriminate yourself but it 's best to just answer their questions like you have nothing to hide , even when you do . 
  walking away from any person , not just police officer , while they 're talking to you is acting like dick, 
  yeah just look at the wide variety of jokes it could be used for, 
  why am i surprised / r/incest exists, 
  i love how she automatically assumes it 's racist because it pictures a black man . 
  is n't that pretty racist in itself ? 
  the man in the poster should be white for it to consern everyone because obviously a black man ca n't represent that . 
  nemo came out in 2003 so brilliant maths there mate . 
  saved posts are much more important than karma . 
  well anything is more important than karma but you get the point . 
  good luck with that,
