  also i have family in the u.s who 've served in afganistan . 
  they are both pretty fucking dumb . 
  i certainly did n't base my opinion on all the militaries across the world on those two people . 
  when you join a military voluntarily you either a. have no choice or b. are stupid enough to believe the `` bill of right bald eagle stars and stripes '' propaganda and not realize you 're just another mercenary fighting for corporate interests . 
  that 's why i think military members are dumb fucks , not because of my cousins . 
  when you enlist in a military you give up your free will . 
  you can be court martialled for not following orders . 
  i do n't respect anyone who does n't make their own decisions , especially if they 've willingly given up that right . 
  i do n't get headaches and i still fucking hate 3d movies . 
  the first three times or so i though it just takes some getting used to . 
  now i 've seen almost ten 3d movies and every single time the 3d effect has had more negative effects than positive . 
  the image is more blurry , the luminosity is way down . 
  it 's nowhere near worth the `` whoah '' effect that you got once and then grew tired of . 
  not to mention movies ruined by the overuse of 3d . 
  like harold & kumar 3 . 
  they just figured they would n't have to come up with jokes since they could just show off 3d effects . 
  hk2 was bad compared to the first but the third was just an abomination . 
  your comment gave me mixed emotions, 
  the butterfly effect was a pretty serious role . 
  also the only good movie aston kutcher has appeared in aside from dude , where 's my car ? 
  yeah i guessed it was prince but i had no clue he had a song called 1999 so fuck off . 
   ps2 games would n't ship with textures that they are unable to display at the best resolution . 
  it 's all relative . 
  if you walked right up to that guy and looked at the bag less than a foot away on a ps2 you 'd see that detail . 
  when you 're 15 feet or so away like in the pic it looks blurry because of the resolution and the limitations of the hardware . 
  modern technology and emulators allow you to see the full detail of the texture even when you are further away . 
  i never thought i 'd say this but you made me want to play wind waker again, 
  yes i was stoned . 
  no i still did n't enjoy it . 
   2012  going to the movie theatre sober, 
  girl gamer or gamer girl both sound equally terrible . 
  i do n't call myself a gamer boy or a gamer though i 've been playing video games as long as i remember . 
  the term is just so awkward . 
  how about `` a girl that likes videogames ? '', 
  no i 'm 22 but you 're correct this was before my time . 
  and i 'm willing to bet there are a lot of others like me as well , hence why michaeljahrling 's comment was useful . 
  not everyone listens to pop music . 
  no i do n't watch dreamworks animations . 
  though that one seems to have been pretty popular . 
  maybe i 'll look into it . 
   i feel that posting such things detract from the great dialog that takes place on this sub, 
  great dialog that takes place on this sub ? 
  are you serious ? 
  this sub is 90 % facebook screenshots and people fighting some strange internet war with srs that i do n't even want to understand . 
   if you consider yourself a music-lover , which your `` pop music '' comment seems to indicate you do, 
  what ? 
  how does that indicate anything ? 
  i genuinely do n't listen to pop music so there are a lot of pop songs i 'm not aware of . 
  that 's all it meant . 
  you see way too much meaning everywhere . 
  [ landing pads ] ( http://troll.me/images/alien-guy-from-history-channel/alien-guy-from-history-channel.jpg ), 
  no it does n't unless you have a shitty vape like the iolite . 
  i 've tried so many times . 
  if i smoke two fully filled king size papers worth of vaped weed i can feel a slight temptation of being a little stoned . 
  like a feeling that distantly reminds me of being high but not quite . 
  and smoking two king sizes worth of vaped bud is not enjoyable . 
  i used to save up my vaped weed but after trying smoking , baking and even mixing it with alcohol ( 80 % , let it sit for a few months , no effect ) i just throw it in the trash nowadays . 
  yeah well you could call me a music lover . 
  my dad was a dj/music journalist when i was a kid so we had literally thousands of lp 's and cd 's around when i was growing up and new ones coming in the mail by the dozen . 
  i listened to a lot of different kinds of music growing up . 
  and apparently i have over 6 months of music on my computer so the habit has n't died . 
  i just listened to ' 1999 ' because of this thread and do n't really consider it to be worthy of an `` everybody should know '' status like thriller or do n't stop me know or other significant pop songs . 
  of course i ca n't tell how popular it was at the time ( probably very ) and how that influenced the music industry but as in itself it just does n't strike me as such a great song . 
  what is n't how they work ? 
  emulators change a lot of things about the functionality of the game . 
  does n't mean those could n't be the textures that shipped with the game . 
  besides i call bullshit . 
  converts back to 2d but the picture is still dimmer and blurrier . 
  no thanks . 
  despite what the paid endorsment over at r/trees would like you to believe mflb is n't a very good vape . 
  sure it 's compact and easy to use but like you said it leaves a lot of thc/other chemicals in the bud . 
  try using something like an arizer/volcano/silver surfer and you 'll realize the difference . 
  i could 've maybe answered that question 5 months ago, 
   no one is forcing you to go to college . 
  that 's a stupid thing to say . 
  no one 's forcing you to enjoy life or breathe oxygen either so why do n't you just stop ? 
  a college education is almost necessary these days to get a good job . 
  sure there are some fields where you do n't need one but those are a vast minority . 
  and when i say `` a good job '' i 'm not necessarily talking about a job that pays well . 
  you could get tons of money on an oil rig . 
  it 's just not very enjoyable for the rest of your life . 
  vice versa most of the interesting jobs out there require an education , even if they do n't end up paying what you could make without an education + what you owe in loans . 
  my college education is free and on top of that i get 500 $ a month for rent and food etc. 
  that i wo n't have to pay back ( except in taxes ) . 
  if i wanted to i could get a student loan that 's `` backed up '' ( do n't really know the correct english term ) by the government so the interest is really low . 
  but unlike the states it 's only if i want a big apartment or extra spending money , not a necessity . 
  but like i said i 'll pay for it in taxes for the rest of my life , given that i choose to stay here . 
  cmd + shift + 4 if you 're not a faggot and use a mac, 
  that 's the point, 
  yeah because becoming a mercenary is always a wise choice, 
  i 'm going to have to disagree with you here . 
  using that exact logic i 've tried putting them in beforehand lots of times but it never seems to work for me . 
  right after is the best . 
  dude . 
  she knows . 
  i ca n't not upvote whenever someone says `` having a laugh '' . 
  i always read it in ricky gervais 's voice . 
  does n't matter what the contents were , anyone who writes comments that long on a facebook post must be crazy on some level . 
  yeah and every single one of the 200 or something comics are just as unfunny . 
  ok so it 's not `` which wikipedia do people from x country use the most '' .
