  i know . 
  i just said over a year to be safe because i could n't find the original and the first results were uploaded in 2013 and 2014 . 
  point was that compilation from a month ago was n't the `` original context '' . 
  yeah dota does the same , no maphack . 
  only `` cheats '' in dota are automated scripts that do a certain thing like cast a disable or detonate landmines when an enemy shows up on your screen . 
  it does n't work like that outside the u.s. 
  for us there is no `` tried as an adult '' if you 're underage . 
  what 's the point of having different punishments and treatment based on age in the first place if you can just be tried as an adult despite not being an adult ? 
   it 's a more complicated version of hitting your refresh button as fast as you can . 
  yeah . 
  a lot more . 
  hitting the refresh button real quick is n't the hard part , it 's organizing and controlling thousands upon thousands of computers to act in unison . 
  if psn or xbox live could really be taken down with the average ddos attack you can buy off the internet for ten bucks they 'd be down 24/7 . 
  he 's a finnish citizen living in finland who 's already been tried and convicted in finland . 
  good luck getting him to u.s. courts . 
  of course he probably wo n't be sightseeing in north america any time soon . 
  and even with a static ip you can just call your isp and ask for them to change it . 
  it takes a few hours at most . 
  well it is pretty close if you compare it to sweden, 
  haha good luck getting any money from european courts . 
  things do n't work like that over here . 
   a videogame network being down for 3 months is not more valuable than anyones life . 
  yes it is . 
  you could even argue xbox live and psn being down for 3 months would cost so many people their jobs the effects on their personal economy and health would likely have an overall more drastic effect than killing one person . 
  not to mention all the suicidal people looking for escapism denied for a three month period . 
  no it was n't . 
  they were down for like 2 and a half days . 
  there were moments during a 3 month span when it also went down for a brief period at a time . 
   it happened so we should know . 
  did it ? 
  i didnt hear about how a gaming network going down and it put families on the streets or causes suicides . 
  are you serious ? 
  you really expect there to be some superhero journalist who accurately digs deep into every suicide death and then all those stories he writes about every suicide and their backstory are publisched in newspapers ? 
  over a million people are estimated to die by suicide each year , do you think there are stories published about all of them ? 
  who buys a tec-9 and a frag on the pistol round ? 
  money as compensation for damages is the only thing they could sue for at this point . 
  he 's already been tried and convicted in criminal court . 
  what a bold fashion statement, 
   he literally said he was doing this because he knew he would get a slap on the wrist as a minor . 
  i did n't argue against that . 
  we do n't have laws like that which make an adult out of a teenager if his crime is intentional . 
  if he 's underage then he 's underage , end of story . 
  frag is the least valuable grenade on a pistol round ( after a molly ) . 
  as a t you should buy body armor and one or two guys should get a smoke and flashes . 
  buying a tec on a pistol round with no head armor on anyone is beyond retarded and the frag is the even more noobish . 
  i know . 
  that was my point . 
  that 's why he can be tried at all . 
  if you 're young enough to not understand what you 're doing ( 14 or under ) you ca n't be tried for criminal charges in finland , only compensation for damages . 
  15-17 year olds are n't little children , they all know the consequences of their actions . 
  does n't make them adults though . 
   you also didnt add anything to my comment about making that `` random '' person you or your mom , and see how much you think a video game network temporarily going down is worth more than that . 
  because it 's pointless . 
  that random person ca n't be everyones mom . 
  if it was my mom then yes , it would affect me more but it would affect hundreds of thousands of other people less . 
  so it does n't make any difference as a whole whose mom it is . 
  it 's kinda ironic you 're talking about growing up while spouting such naive ideas . 
  actions have consequenses and something this large is not about video games . 
  it 's a huge industry grinding to a halt . 
  it could be car factories or tv stations and it would n't make a difference . 
  people commiting suicide because local industry such as a factory or a power plant shutting down and firing their workers does n't sound so unfamiliar , does it ? 
  sacrificing one life could easily harm less people . 
  / vg / 's csgo general has much better discussion and less meme circlejerk than this sub does . 
   like hiko who uses something like 4.0 or shox that uses 3.0 . 
  sensitivity alone does n't mean jack shit, 
  that 's why you buy a car and tires designed for such weather, 
  i used primarily a mac from 2006 to 2014 and a lot changed during that time . 
  it used to be only a few lucky games got ported ( ut 2k4 and rainbow six 3 come to mind ) and you 'd have to use wine or boot camp to windows to play any games . 
  these days a lot of aaa titles and almost all indie games are also on mac . 
  all blizzard and valve games ( starcraft 2 , hots , hearthstone , cs : go , dota 2 , tf2 ) work totally fine on mac . 
  i changed to pc since it was time to get a new computer anyway and i wanted more control over the parts and to play arma 3 . 
  i was seriously debating between a pc and the new 5k imac and i 'm sure i would n't have been disappointed with that one either . 
  but it 's kind of a shitty joke because it would n't work even in theory . 
  yeah it 's not designed for gaming and much less 5k gaming . 
  the gpu should do fine at 5k desktop and video/photo editing work . 
  are n't those skill brackets just arbitrary names for certain mmr ranges ? 
  the game does n't actually use them . 
  for matchmaking , it just has 4 mmr numbers ( unranked solo , unranked party , ranked solo , ranked party ) and some other variables like party size . 
  i did n't read up on the game or watch any tutorials or anything and got 1300 on my initial placement but have now climbed to 2250 in less than 6 months and keep going up . 
  it 's actually pretty fun when you keep going up and win more games than you lose . 
  you 're not doomed . 
  i personally started watching pro dota and though the builds and timings are very different in shit tier mmr you still learn a lot about the basic concepts and decision making . 
  also learn to look at the minimap all the time . 
  it 's more important than anything on the `` real '' screen . 
  once you get a hang of it you 'll never need your teammates to call missing and avoid tons of stupid deaths . 
  yeah the wiki says they are separate but really who knows since it 's not visible . 
  i 'm in a pretty similiar situation as you and my best advice would be : learn the theory . 
  memorize every ability of every hero . 
  read the wiki . 
  learn the items , how they 're built and how they work . 
  learn how abilities and items interact with each other . 
  it 's simple stuff and sounds like a no brainer to experienced players but it 's surprising how many people in low mmr only know how their favourite heroes work . 
  knowing your opponent is key to victory . 
  and while studying might sound boring the game becomes much more interesting when you already know after the picking phase what to prepare for and try to think of a good solution and strategy instead of just playing a random game of dota every time . 
  that kunkka build is legit, 
  the worst part is n't even in the title, 
   despite plunging 135m ( 443 feet ) he survived after landing in the thick foliage below . 
   but the same foliage also covered him meaning he lay there , critically injured for 72 hours , as his father and family frantically searched for him . 
   eventually the father with family and friends found the child , who was taken by emergency services hospital where medics fought for 15 days to save his life before he finally died from his injuries . 
  i just assumed he died instantly when i read thrown off a 135m bridge .
