  be careful where you place them as they might roll off most surfaces . 
  i did n't really get the first part . 
  i mean i understand what you 're saying but i do n't get what the tip is . 
  place weed on tray before smoking ? 
  how does this use the least amount of weed to get high ? 
  i have n't used either vodka or salt so i would n't know but i 've heard good things about both ( rubbing alcohol mostly though ), 
  i 'm too lazy to be filling up the bowl all the time . 
  just do n't light the entire thing once and the rest do n't taste like shit . 
  that veteran part was n't there when i commented . 
  also i do n't really care if someone has served in some army . 
  armies only follow orders . 
  orders from leaders . 
  all this romance protecting right crap is great but you should understand it 's only propaganda . 
  slows me too much imo . 
  the waiting between bowls is a good tip but this is like pouring beer from a can to a shot glass before drinking . 
  will it slow my drinking ? 
  yes . 
  do i want to do it ? 
  i followed / r/jailbait often and never saw a single nuce pic . 
  people talking about the `` increased traffic leading to wrong kind of traffic '' crap have only read the admin post which also blamed some magical kiddie porn flood that we actually never saw on r/jailbait, 
  disgusting is not illegal . 
  i 've been an atheist since birth . 
  the reason i registered was so that i could unsubscribe from / r/atheism ( and / r/politics since i 'm not american ) . 
  i do n't agree with the title though , atheism is not like christianity or islam since atheism is not a religion . 
  however i agree i do n't see the point in it being a default subreddit . 
  i have no problem with less religious people visiting reddit . 
  i ca n't take anyone seriously who believes in magical ghosts and powers . 
  the teachings of the bible hold a lot of wisdom but unfortunately it 's the god is real jesus walks on water part that people seem to have mistaken for the main point of the bible . 
  yeah but not at the cost of conveniance . 
  waiting 10 minutes is smart since the onset is not immidiate but this is just making smoking more difficult and forcing you to be slower . 
  i do n't need that , i do n't have a problem with smoking too much even if i 'm capable of doing so . 
  actually i live in a country with conscription but i managed to avoid the army by lying . 
  does that make you angry ? 
  i do n't need to be a heroin junkie to tell that shit 's mad for you either . 
  my main problem with 3d is strictly technical . 
  i do n't think the `` cool '' 3d effects are worth the lost luminosity and the blurriness . 
  in my mind 2d movies actually look better . 
  which is totally not how it should be . 
  that and movies relying in shitty 3d moments instead of actual content ( see : harold and kumar 3 ), 
   it 's really how bongs are supposed to be used , it 's why most glass on glass bongs you see come with a small , single hit , slide, 
  it 's actually interesting you 'd say that . 
  on / r/trees ( america ) i see a lot of bongs with tiny bowls . 
  over here the default bowl they give you with a bong is much larger . 
  like [ this ] ( http://www.smoketown-headshop.de/bilder/produkte/gross/55cm-breitseite-kugel-bong.jpg ) instead of [ these ] ( http://www.indymedia.org.uk/images/2012/03/494050.jpg ), 
  everyone is born atheist but the point is my parents were n't religious either and i did n't attend `` religion classes '' in school ( yeah we have those and it 's bullshit ) so i was never fed any of the stories etc and never tehcnically was a part of any church . 
  trees good money bad, 
  finnish . 
  you can be proud to know he died protecting what matters to whoever happened to be in charge at the time . 
  i do n't like the `` two red lines '' explanation that i often see here on / r/hockey because it 's not correct . 
  there are three red lines on the ice , one in your end , one in the middle and one on the other end . 
  passing from your end to the middle of the ice across two red lines ** is not icing ** . 
  why not just `` untouched from your side of the ice to the other end '', 
   in june 2006 , milbury stepped down as islanders gm, 
   on september 12 , 2006 , dipietro signed a 15-year , $ 67.5 million contract with the islanders, 
  milbury drafted dipietro but i do n't know if he 's responsible for the contract ( which is a much bigger fuckup in my mind ) . 
  ca n't remember which games are remaining but the top teams playing in finland are canada , usa and finland . 
  sweden , russia , czech will only play semi-finals and finals in helsinki . 
  out of the rest of the teams playing preliminary rounds in helsinki switzerland and slovakia are the best , rest are crap . 
  no need for this shit . 
  the player acted on his own behalf and not in that of the country . 
  actually this is a completely correct use of the word normal . 
  being normal is not better in anyway than not being normal . 
   nor \u00b7 mal / \u02c8n\u00f4rm\u0259l /, 
  adjective : conforming to a standard ; usual , typical , or expected . 
  noun : the usual , average , or typical state or condition . 
  if you live in a country where a majority of people are white then being white is normal . 
  does n't mean there 's anything wrong with people who are n't normal . 
  being an atheist in america is not normal for example . 
  i do n't think `` two red lines '' is easier to watch for than whether or not it was from his own side of the ice . 
  that red line in the middle is pretty noticeable . 
  i guess he was more upset about being 5-0 down, 
  e. did you people even watch the game ? 
  he did n't protest or start a scuffle after the hit , he knew what he did and left the ice immidiately . 
  of course i ca n't know what was going on in his head but that loss was quite a disappointment . 
  gifs are great though . 
  and the kick is not the focus of the video . 
  link to original thread ? 
  the definition of `` from own side to the other end '' kinda implies that it touches the other end . 
  granted it does n't technically have to touch the end boards but situations where it goes across the red line and not touch the boards are pretty rare . 
  and then `` that red line is enough '' clears up any confusion . 
  i just put define : normal in google , there 's nothing about mental disorders there . 
   nor \u00b7 mal / \u02c8n\u00f4rm\u0259l /, 
  adjective :, 
  conforming to a standard ; usual , typical , or expected . 
  the usual , average , or typical state or condition . 
  synonyms :, 
  adjective . 
  regular - standard - ordinary - common - usual, 
  normality - normalcy - perpendicular, 
  more info \u00bbdictionary.com - answers.com - merriam-webster - the free dictionary, 
  this is the entire definition , i do n't see much difference to the one i posted . 
  yeah i 'm going to go and find a book for a comment on reddit . 
  please . 
  i do n't think `` spongebob beat you to it ! '', 
  is accusing anyone of stealing . 
  it 's relevant that the joke has been used before in a well known tv show , does n't mean the artist should be ashamed of this creation . 
  well yeah to be honest i think a dictionary in book form is pretty silly in 2012 . 
  books are great , but i prefer my dictionaries over a medium that can be updated . 
  besides english is my 3rd language and not spoken where i live . 
  why would i spend my sparse college student euros on an oxford dictionary when there 's the internet ?
