  i get wanting to stick with nvidia , but the fact people still buy the 970 when they 100 % lied about its specs is just absurd . 
  because the 970 is a great card . 
  i 'd understand your point if you said do n't buy any nvidia product at all but advocating people should by the 960 or 980 instead is absolutely fucking retarded . 
  nvidia lied about the memory on the card . 
  the results the card gets in benchmarks are not lies . 
  it 's one of the best cards if not the best card in performance for price . 
  i understand boycotting a company because of their shady advertising but the money nvidia makes from 960/980 ( both worse deals for the consumer imo ) still go into the same pot of money as the 970 purchases . 
  it 's a great 3.5 gb card that outdoes all its competitors in the same price range, 
  the problem is nvidia advertised it as a 4gb card . 
  the actual performance of the card is n't an issue . 
  if nvidia just said it was 3.5 gb nobody would have any issue recommending the card . 
  it 's a matter of principle for anyone who tells you not to buy it . 
  you mean the fanboys who tell you not the get the best card for its price on the market ? 
  yes , in fact it 's the best . 
  there 's some amd card that has recently beaten it in benchmarks but it 's amd so you have to struggle with all sorts of incompability , lack of features and very possible future issues with lack of updates as the company is in huge danger of going under . 
  the outstanding results the 970 got from all tests and benchmarks were achieved with the 3.5 gb card as it is still sold . 
  the performance of the card is n't a problem , it performs great . 
  the problem is it was advertised as a 4gb card when it really is a 3.5 gb card . 
  but in reality nothing from the initial praising reviews has changed . 
  the performance that dominated all its competitors is still there in all its glory . 
  it always was a 3.5 gb card from the launch and all the superb results it got in reviews and comparisons were achieved with 3.5 gb, 
  i 'm not denying the ethical issue of nvidia lying to its customers but it 's really up to you whether you prioritize the moral implications of buying it over the high fps in video games for little price, 
  i 'm a fanboy of performance for price . 
  i do n't give a fuck what logo there is on my hardware , i 'll buy whatever happens to deliver most bang for buck at any given time, 
  so you 're saying that consumers should continue to fund the company but get a worse deal for themselves to `` send a message '' ? 
  i do n't think nvidia is exactly angry or `` learning a lesson '' from such message, 
  but instead that person buys a product with 10 % increased performance for twice the price ? 
  nvidia would be in heaven if everyone who considered the 970 got the 980 instead, 
  if i was building now i would n't get any amd card because of all the physx and gameworks etc. 
  crap, 
  sure you can go all day telling yourself it 's not amd 's fault and it 's bad business practices and a conspiracy etc etc. 
  but you know what 's more fun ? 
  playing video games without any issues, 
  because it 's a great card that delivers amazing performance for its price ? 
  what are you insinuating ? 
  you mean [ this thing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nmoi4od.png ) ? 
  i already had it checked . 
   something lilting and feminine, 
  as a native speaker i have never ( and still do n't ) consider there to be anything feminine about the word `` susi '' . 
  i think you 're just biased because it 's a common female name in english . 
  if you 're on 150 ping an stuttering everywhere you should n't be in the game . 
  developer `` 1 '', 
  con_filter_text `` damage given '', 
  con_filter_text_out `` player : '', 
  con_filter_enable `` 2 '', 
  if you do n't have a reliable internet connection you should find other hobbies instead of ruining everyone else 's fun . 
  is that world at war ? 
  i remember those black bars annoyed the shit out of me, 
  implying playing with or against a player who 's stuttering and jerking around being useless is fun for anyone, 
  are those blinds the only type of curtains you have or is there something additional that ca n't be seen here ? 
   do n't act like you 've never had a wobbly connection before . 
  i 've never had a wobbly connection before . 
  the last time i had the slightest hiccup in my internet connection was during one afternoon in ~ 2002-2004 and i 've changed isps since . 
   over 10 years without any internet problems . 
  sure . 
  welcome to the first world . 
  i 've had fiber for the past ~ 5 years and before that 100mbps cable internet . 
  neither has ever had a single issue which is not uncommon either because of the stable technology they use . 
  that one afternoon i talked about was regular adsl ( or adsl2 + ca n't remember ) . 
   so they 've never updated infrastructure or had any hiccups at all ? 
  if they have it 's been during the night or some other time i have n't noticed becuase i legitimately have n't had a situation where i sit down on a computer and the internet does n't work or be using a computer when the internet suddenly cuts off . 
  internet cutting off is as distant of an idea to me as the power going out or cell phone not getting reception . 
  i see it in movies but it 's not a part of real life to me . 
  i do n't ridicult them for having bad internet . 
  i ridicule them for having bad internet yet feeling entitled to ruin everyone else 's game . 
  it 's not that uncommon to have good internet . 
  i 've never had a friend disconnect or start lagging mid game . 
  the only time that 's happened is if i have some random russian in my team . 
   as i use satellite internet, 
  so you use satellite internet which is infamous for being unreliable yet feel like you 're entitled to playing team-based online video games and knowingly take the risk for all 9 others that you 'll ruin their enjoyment of the game ? 
  either get better internet or stick to single player games . 
   it 's glorified wifi , it 's not that unreliable, 
  you clearly do not know what either wifi nor satellite internet means . 
   like i said , i have no option besides this . 
  do n't play counterstrike , there 's an option . 
  who would n't enjoy a thousand kebab restaurants ? 
  why would it not be allowed ? 
  i know people who permanently moved out of their parents ' place at 16 . 
  it 's not that she ( maybe ) had sex before her first period . 
  it 's that she ( maybe ) had sex before ** knowing ** what periods are . 
  he 's also the most boring carry of all to watch so i 'm glad it has n't been succesful lately, 
  while not the norm it 's not even uncommon for kids to move out of their parents ' house at 16 in finland . 
   if i knew you personally and your parents went ahead with this plan , i 'd be on the phone with social services in a heartbeat . 
  yeah and they 'd tell you to mind your own business . 
  there 's nothing illegal or even worthy of raising suspision about a 16 year old living alone . 
   a week , maybe . 
  not months, 
  spending a month or two without your parents sounds like the average summer vacation of a 16 year old . 
  why would you ever talk about the european scene and not count cis teams ? 
  that 's like talking about na scene but leaving out the teams on the eastern seaboard, 
  yes, 
  you do realize things like foreign exchange student programs are extremely common and typically done at age 16 for up to 12 months ? 
   spoken by someone who has clearly never been a parent to a 16 year old . 
  spoken like someone who managed to have unprotected sex and automatically thinks it makes them a qualified shrink . 
  it is in finland . 
  basically everyone has a summer cabin where they spend their summers and 14-16 is the age where kids are n't forced to go with anymore . 
  living a month at home without your parents is extremely common . 
  multiple months maybe not as much but it 's not like surviving 3 months is fundamentally different from 1 month . 
  if you 're gon na fuck it up one month is plenty enough time . 
  competition could n't hurt,
