  strong beer is of course different . 
  i know that . 
  i mean `` beer does n't affect her '' ! = `` alcohol does n't affect her '', 
  oh i have on plenty of occasions . 
  i 've drank 30 beers in one night ( though in a timespan of about 20 hours ) . 
  while i 'm not sober i never get a buzz either . 
  that requires stronger alcohol . 
  i know that . 
  i mean `` beer does n't affect her '' ! = `` alcohol does n't affect her '', 
  if you 're doing something that requires fast reflexes like playing a video game your performance will suffer but you do n't get the feeling of being drunk . 
  of course i 'd never drive a car in that state . 
   sit down and drink a 12 pack of beer in 2 hours . 
  you will be drunk . 
  no because i 'll vomit from the sheer volume of liquid, 
  let me spell it out for you since you 're having a hard time understanding . 
  not getting a buzz from beer does n't mean you 're immune to all types of ( hard ) alcohol . 
  your logic does n't make any sense . 
  i never said beer is n't alcohol . 
  however that does n't mean that just because beer does n't get you drunk ( in the amount of liquid that is possible for a human being to drink without throwing up ) does n't mean you 're immune to all sorts of alcohol . 
  yeah but those really work in some places like the u.s. 
  the u.s. has incredibly shitty locks ( of course you can buy a good lock just like anywhere else but generally ) . 
  where i live the default lock in almost any apartment building/house look like [ this ] ( http://www.bobi.com/assets/products/bobi-mailboxes/accessories/abloy-keys.jpg ) ( that 's basically the last 50 years , if you 've changed your locks in the last decade it 's one of the two on the right ) . 
  they 're incredibly hard to pick and you need the correct professional tools . 
  i 've never seen keys like [ this ] ( http://www.gerritbrands.com/sites/default/files/post-images/keys.jpg ) outside the u.s on anything more important than a girl 's diary . 
  those are really easy to pick though and probably the kind you 're referring to . 
  i had practiced the skill for lulz and i was amazed when i realized i could actually get into houses in the u.s. 
  you really think there 's a person on earth who seriously thinks beers does n't contain alcohol ? 
  that speaks volumes about your own level of sophistication . 
  i thought i was at r/cringepics, 
  people only recommend coins because everyone has them . 
  they are n't actually that good for the job . 
  a small ball bearing or a similiar object works better . 
  name ? 
  aces on ( half ) ecos do n't count, 
  funny doge pictures are on a whole other level than `` omg i 've seen so many doge pictures i have to talk like a doge myself in real life '' . 
  where are there metal shutter doors in the ramp room ? 
  i ca n't for the life of me figure out what you 're referring to . 
  because you 're getting better at the game ? 
  yeah but the one on b site is only a door where as the upper one has a wall on the other side , does n't it ? 
  e. you 're right it 's just a similiar looking door . 
  crazy how many times i 've seen that thing without ever realizing it 's not just a solid brick wall . 
  yeah i was thinking about this too . 
  i just got into overwatch tonight and so far i 've seen three `` last segments '' none of which seemed even close to conclusive . 
  i already have those `` disabled '' and `` press to use mic '' options . 
  what am i missing ? 
  alright good to know . 
  this is what i thought at first but after getting the last eight rounds three times in a row i started questioning whether they 're all like this . 
  so the management of streams showing video games is not gaming related ? 
  that 's like saying gaming companies going bankrupt or buying each other etc. 
  is n't gaming related because technically it 's business news . 
  \\  pros agree, 
  \\  one pro agreeing and one pro disagreeing, 
  yeah but does anyone use the real names though ? 
  everyone i know says silver , 1 star , 2 stars , 3 stars , 4 stars , ak , fancy ak , double ak , sheriff , nazi eagle and `` that one below global elite '' . 
  i 'm fine with the current system because the icons are cool and it 's pretty intuitive which is above which . 
  because i 'd rather use the language the game was designed on than some crappy translation . 
  just like i do n't watch tv dubbed like they do in some uncivilized countries ( italy , spain etc. 
  because if you get an error or something it 's a 100 times easier googling for a solution if your system is in english . 
  also some apps wo n't have your local language where as everything has english as an option and it feels stupid to have to jump back and forth between two languages . 
  so can you download updates and play online like with a flashed drive ? 
  or install downloaded updates without an xbox live connection like with a jtag ? 
   if you 're an online player a modded console is n't for you . 
  i played nhl and cod online for years on a modded console . 
  both pirated as well . 
  no problems and the console still is n't banned . 
  the idea sounds extremely cringeworthy . 
  i ca n't even watch professionals do this without it killing my boner . 
  why would you not save every few minutes ? 
  why would you not have autosave turned on ? 
  your fault , not microsoft word 's . 
  i downvoted because i even remembered the identical title . 
  then i noticed the username . 
  i 'd still like to downvote because fuck novelty accounts but then again it is a pretty cool cosplay ... 
  it 's practically on request . 
  you just have to have a reason on record . 
  `` i 'm not ready/don ' t want to raise a child '' qualifies as a mental health reason to get an abortion . 
  i agree it 's stupid that there even is this step . 
  while i 'm not saying this guy definitely is n't cheating this is n't definitive the other way either . 
  first of all everyone should know demos are n't accurate . 
  look at any game you 've played yourself , your crosshair will be all over the place even if you remember aiming precisely on . 
  that 's all i have to say about the scout clips . 
  secondly with the music overlaid we ca n't hear if the guy in ct spawn made noise . 
  listening , using your brain and prefiring is n't cheating . 
  neither is spamming through smoke . 
  the last clip is just controlled bursts , do n't see anything wrong there . 
  if his teammate made a call that all the remaining t 's are at a there 's no reason not to `` aim through walls '' while approaching long . 
  nothing wrong with that in my opinion . 
  and i agree with op , i 'd prefer it if the minimap only showed friendlies . 
  yeah i do n't even consider going to matchmaking without a full lobby . 
  it 's just not fun . 
  i do n't know about the bug but i have a demo from today as well where i spotted the enemy through smoke and killed him without him ever appearing on my screen . 
  thanks minimap . 
  if i try to view it on the subreddit it 's shit quality . 
  if i click on the link it 's 1080p . 
  also op what 's your resolution ? 
  your hud looks even smaller than mine and i use 2650x1440 . 
  so these are the best performances of all time people on reddit could come up with ? 
  no offense but i see better plays every day on matchmaking . 
  if you could submit anything i 'd think there 'd be more aces or 1v3 cluth defuses or something , not just random kills or doublekills . 
  my friends kept calling mine `` the water gun '' so i renamed it to super soaker 3000,
