  the shop just says `` ln upgrade '' with no mention which ship it 's upgrading from . 
  does it work for es or do i have to upgrade the es to mr first ? 
  i 'm wondering whether to buy es or mr as my first ship but if it 's the same 10 $ to upgrade either one to ln i might just go with es . 
  i was looking at the aurora skins that have a preview picture and those have no mention of them not working . 
  however in the store i found another skin that had the text `` note : the functionality to apply skins has not been implemented yet and will be available at some point in the future ! '', 
  in the description ? 
  does this also apply to the aurora skins without this disclaimer ? 
  just a thought i had . 
  the united empire of earth was founded more or less because earth born humans realized there was more to this universe than us and figured we 'd need to pool our resources to survive . 
  but in all the in-fiction stories etc. 
  that i 've seen the uee seems really united , like a `` real '' country . 
  what if it was more like modern day eu ? 
  on paper a unified alliance fighting for a common goal but inside it 'd have bunch of different groups fighting for their own benefit and beliefs . 
  i 'm not saying this would be undoubtedly better but i feel like it could add depth to the storyline if this uee is supposed to be based on earth . 
  after all it is a planet that has seen dozens if not hundreds of different civilizations , traditions and partnerships rise and fall for thousands of years . 
  what do you think ? 
  so i 've been using the fractal r5 for five months now ( thanks to this sub ) and noticed today that the case fans are running on a higher than usual rpm ( i could actually hear them while on desktop ) . 
  i opened the little `` door '' it has to reveal the filters and no surprise there was a pretty thick layer of dust all over it . 
  so i thought to myself `` fuck i 'm gon na have to open it up and clean the whole pc '' . 
  so i unscrewed the side only to discover that there was no actual dust inside anywhere . 
  not on the fans , not on the cooler , nowhere . 
  only on the psu was there a light layer of dust mostly because it 's the only horizontal surface with no fans nearby . 
  i wiped it off with my finger and closed the case back up , i did n't even bother getting the can of pressurized air because there simply was no place to spray it . 
  i washed the front filter and now it 's running completely silently again . 
  tbh i did n't actually expect the filter to do much let alone catch the vast majority of the dust that would otherwise be inside the pc . 
  tl ; dr r5 filters work so well they make you think your computer is full of dust when it is n't, 
  does anyone know if the vods are available anywhere ? 
  i found the russian casted ones from sltv youtube channel but i know blaze casted them in english . 
  as of [ may 14th ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/news/16824/ ) we 're supposed to be able to do challenges in captains mode . 
  i however ca n't . 
  i do n't get the pop up for the challenges after the picking phase , i do n't get the little icon in top left corner , nothing . 
  i get the `` challenge completed/failed '' screen for my teammates at the end of the match so i know it should be possible but i simply ca n't see/find where i 'm supposed to pick the challenge in cm . 
  works just fine in ap . 
  what do i do ? 
  i saw tb 's video a few months ago and the game piqued my interest . 
  it 's -50 % on steam right now so i bought the game and the `` wildcards '' dlc . 
  however steam also shows a dlc `` original soundtrack '' . 
  is this just if you want to listen to the ost outside the game ? 
  it 's not additional music to the game itself ? 
  are these made available anywhere ? 
  i do n't have a compendium or anything , i watched them on twitch . 
  i 'd really like to see one of the final games from a player perspective so a replay would be great . 
  i have a fairly new computer ( 4790k 970gtx 16gb ram 256gb ssd windows 8.1 ) but every time i leave it on over night and return to it in the morning it 's in this weird `` sleep '' state where the usb connected devices still have their lights on but the computer wo n't respond in any way or wake up , even if i press all the buttons and wait . 
  i have to hold the power button to get it to turn off and then turn it back again after which utorrent requires a recheck of everything i 've downloaded . 
  i 've gone to the control panel -  power options and set put computer to sleep `` never '' , turn off hard disk after `` never '' , sleep after `` never '' , allow hybrid sleep `` off '' , hibernate after `` never '' . 
  i ca n't find any more sleep related options , what could the problem be ? 
  i always wondered why this was n't the norm . 
  most casters just have the 0/0 last hits chart open until the 0:00 which is completely useless . 
  i do n't think they have a reason for it either , they just do n't think about it . 
  it 's bothered me for quite some time now but at the games ld observed on the b stream yesterday he showed the item tab at the start of each game ( that i saw ) . 
  so thank you ld and hopefully this will become the standard in the future . 
  sort of how not showing the `` development '' tab in the start of a game of starcraft is considered a `` mistake '' by the caster . 
  i 'm not sure if this is a known thing but i watch twitch every day and today suddenly after refreshing a couple of times i got this [ entirely new player ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d3bz8vp.jpg ) . 
  i can still open new tabs to other streams and get the old player and i have n't heard anything about this so is it just a bug or a new feature i should get used to ? 
  biblethump, 
  edit . 
  i do n't remember much of the lyrics but the video is about this guy who meets an alien girl and then government agents try to take her away but they keep running away together until her space ship comes to rescue her in the end . 
  i think it 's from 2013 , maybe late 2012 or early 2014 . 
  i 've looked everywhere on datdota and dotabuff but i ca n't find a single statistic of win %, 
  google gives some articles about it but the most recent is over 6 months old and the `` matches '' page on datdota does show the winning side for each game so it is recorded but i ca n't seem to find a single number, 
  like the title says 3 days ago my computer started making this weird `` brrr '' noise whenever i pause or switch songs . 
  it 's audible in both my headphones and speakers and every software ( foobar , vlc , flash players etc. ), 
  but not if i record my screen so i think it 's a hardware issue . 
  i do n't think it 's coil whine because it 's not constant . 
  like i said i have to abruptly change songs or pause the audio to get this second long `` brrrrr '' sound . 
  when music is playing or it 's silent there is no interference or unwanted noise . 
  [ i tried recording it , sorry for the quality ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yu6j_xupv18 ) . 
  vocaroo was too quiet to make it out and like i said recording my screen does n't have it . 
  i 'm not really debating which game to buy . 
  i own the complete editions of both . 
  hide and ignore this post if you do n't consider this the right sub for such discussion . 
  but this is the best sub i know for discussion of games not released in the past 6 months . 
  i 've always thought it was a universial agreement that nv was the better game . 
  i never even considered it a contest or that people disagreed on the matter . 
  not because i so strongly believe in it , but because the online community seemed so united on the matter and i agreed with the points people usually make when the topic comes up . 
  however i stumbled upon the wiki articles today, 
   fallout : new vegas ( pc ) 83.65 % ( pc ) 84, 
  why is this ? 
  is it something as simple as technical issues at launch when reviews were written ? 
  or fo3 being somewhat revolutionary compared to nv which was just fo3 except better ? 
  i 'm not disagreeing or mocking these scores , i 'm honestly just quite shocked and would like hear any insight people have as to why this is the case ? 
  i 've always followed message boards about video games quite actively and i honestly believed the major opinion to favor fonv . 
  have i just been wrong all this time or has the general opinion shifted since the time these reviews were published ? 
  e. solved . 
  had to use `` section_sign '' instead of '' \u00a7 '' . 
  leaving this here in case anyone finds it via search . 
  i use it as camera lock . 
  i had a autoexec script in s1 and it works on other keys , i just ca n't bind it to the one i want . 
  on my keyboard the tilde key is '' \u00a7 '' and when i try to bind it or run my autoexec the game says `` bind : '' ? '', 
  is n't a valid key '' . 
  i know in source 1 you had to use the american equivelant but that does n't work either and other keys in s2 use the actual labeling on my keyboard . 
  i tried putting it to `` user_keys_slot0 . vcfg '' and checked that it 's not bound to anything else but it just does n't work, 
  how can i lower it ? 
  everything else is fine but i reported a feeding enemy today and despite my game being on low volume the sound literally shook the windows . 
  it was as if my windows volume was on 100 . 
  i 'd probably be partially deaf if i had headphones on . 
  how do i fix it ? 
  google only gave me results that did n't work in dota2/reborn and while i was able to find the config guy post `` reverse engineering '' it seemed overly complicated for someone with my level of knowledge . 
  i use quickcast for my spells and items and would like to make it so that pressing a modifier key would self-cast the ability kind of how double tapping works if you do n't use quickcast . 
  preferably alt or ctrl but if those do n't work ( i know they have some issues with hardcoding or something ) any button will do .
