  the situation in greece is not a story of `` the people suffering because of the elite '' . 
  tax evasion has been widespread and blatant for decades across all social classes and when faced with the reality that they could n't keep up their goverment spending ( welfare , schooling , infrastructure etc. ), 
  with less and less tax income the reaction of the people was denial and a sense of entitlement `` why would i have to give up what 's been working for ages '' which basically equates to `` yolo !, 
  germany will pay for it ! '', 
  the government officials in charge for handling the matter so poorly were elected by the people and campaigned to do the exact thing they 've done . 
  the greek people are to blame just as much as the politicians . 
  they did n't want to face reality and now they pay the price . 
  i just download them from empornium . 
  while finnish still love their vodka beer has been the # 1 consumed alcoholic beverage ( by amount of pure alcohol ) since like the 70s, 
   many german people who consider american woman to be very slutty , whereas americans tend to think that about european woman, 
  being on vacation is probably the biggest difference maker here . 
  which is kind of a strange generalization seeing as how long vacations are in northern europe . 
  no he ** teaches his viewers ** by demonstrating techniques that would n't work if you play against someone your own skill level . 
  the funniest thing is when he realizes he 's about to lose and his macro goes up like 300 % against some bronze player . 
  then afterwards some smug comment about how his strategy worked perfectly . 
  i bet you actually thought op was showing off his success with the ladies, 
   ca n't we just enjoy something for what it is ? 
  are you suggesting you enjoyed seeing that football in a remote controlled car ? 
  i 'm not , i raised myself higher than ground level by using noclip . 
  that is approximately the height of the boosted player . 
  e. just to make sure here i am even higher http://i.imgur.com/apbm2hv.jpg, 
  to fail to meet the required conditions like the repayment schedule on a loan ? 
  we have a similiar saying . 
  it goes `` africa starts from the alps '', 
   and it 's not worth it . 
  they already have the arena ticket system and the battlenet payment infrastructure . 
  adding a `` 10 tickets '' option instead of just `` 1 ticket '' would be like 10 minutes of work . 
  it probably takes longer to design a new card back each month . 
   lead it away from the circlejerk we all know it has become, 
  wait . 
  you do realize this entire sub is a joke dedicated to a circlejerk ? 
  that 's literally the reason the sub exists . 
  i did n't say anything about two lines of code . 
  it would be one button . 
  yeah a graphic artist will design that button but are you seriously saying it takes weeks to make one button ? 
   including coding , design , testing , legal, 
  what ? 
  adding microtransactions to the game would require weeks of coding , testing and legal . 
  adding one more item to an existing store does n't . 
  do you think they reprogram how the entire battlenet handles money transactions when they introduce a new item ? 
  that 's like saying amazon has to write a new html page from scratch every time they add a new product to their catalog . 
  these kind of things are designed from the start to be expandable . 
  no , i do n't, 
   using anything other than mouse1 and mouse2, 
  that 's part of the joke, 
  you clearly have never looked at the front page of this sub then, 
  maybe you should stop before shooting then ? 
  yeah zoomed in . 
  it requires zooming in to have any accuracy which makes it absolutely fucking terrible . 
  i 'd choose a p250 over the sig any day . 
  comparing the sg 's accuracy scoped in to ak 's accuracy from the hip is a terrible comparison though . 
  it 's so clunky to use compared to the ak and overall a shit gun . 
  there 's a reason only gold novas use it . 
  600 mins is 10 hours . 
  is playing for 10 hours straight now considered some kind of feat ? 
  sounds like average friday to me . 
  sure beats having them, 
  well it 's hardly possible on the mouse either because a 360 turn would require me to travel half my apartment, 
  nova 1 and silver 1 are basically the same thing . 
  it 's just a matter of luck where you fall on that spectrum . 
  i honestly do n't know anyone who got lower than mg after 10 wins . 
  i live in a country where everyone played 1.6 but still . 
  my friend who has n't owned a pc in 10 years saw me play csgo and wanted to try it . 
  even he got 1st place in valve dm on his second game . 
  because they stop before they shoot . 
  you can tap the opposite direction of where you 're going to balance off the momentum and stop quicker . 
  it 's a mechanic originally from hl1 that 's still in any source game . 
  i actually did n't know the courier looks different on both sides because i got into the game after all the hats were already in place . 
  i 'm not sure if i 've seen the donkey outside the tutorial . 
  what 's the point of reuploading to gfycat anymore now that imgur has been using webm for it 's `` gifs '' for almost a year ? 
  they 're actually even smaller than your gfycat versions, 
  i think it used to show webm for everyone at least on files larger than 2mb but people were confused why files that were supposed to be . gif suddenly had compability issues and now you have to manually change the extension . 
  if you 're the riki then i do n't get the point of the post . 
  maybe if you spent more time playing and less time looking at graphs you 'd understand why the sig is a shit gun and finally get out of silver . 
  allright , let 's look at some actually meaningful numbers instead of arbitraty damage values . 
  the top rated player on hltv : get_right . 
  he probably knows a thing or two about the game . 
  let 's look at his all time kill totals in competetive games . 
  sg556 - 8 kills, 
  well maybe get_right just does n't like the gun . 
  let 's look at the 2nd best player , f0rest, 
  sg556 - 4 kills, 
  awp - 6019 kills, 
  sg556 - 0 kills, 
  these guys earn their living winning at cs . 
  you 'd think they have a clue what are the best tools to do so . 
  you 're right . 
  in fact he 's got 67 kills with them . 
  they 're pretty bad and he still uses them ten times more than the sig . 
  he 's also got 64 kills with the mac10 , 134 with the mag7 , 171 with the bizon and 331 with the scar-20 so the old `` they 're just so used to the ak they do n't give other weapons a chance '' excuse does n't really work either . 
   the problem is that you picked nip and an awper as well . 
  i just picked the first 3 players by the hltv ranking . 
  we can keep looking . 
  awp - 998, 
  guardian, 
  awp - 5466, 
  tarik, 
  device, 
  shox, 
  starting to notice a pattern ?
