  i do n't think any non-oc should count in this thread . 
  definitely the best pic on here , everyone 's seen orr dive or sakic giving bourque the cup a thousand times . 
  no shit those are great photos , but we already knew that . 
  who the hell was that guy running across the ice in the end ? 
   make a place in line at the polling place for jim carrey . 
  the star is waving the stars and stripes now , having become ** a naturalized american citizen ** last week , the canadian press reports . 
  daniela mugnolo ( according to google ), 
  i love to hate andy dick even without a specific reason . 
  in this case there actually is a reason . 
  does n't mean it was n't ultimately brynn 's fault . 
  we can all tell you 're almost 40 since you 're still posting that face . 
  old people are slower to adapt . 
  nigger rhymes better as well, 
  \\  weird shit, 
  you just completed your payment . 
  your transaction id for this payment is : 5cf0450xxxxxxx5915v . 
  we 'll send a confirmation email to @gmail.com . 
  this transaction will appear on your statement as paypal * somafm com . 
  your turn . 
  us europeans are a little silly like that . 
  sometimes we do stuff to help others even when there 's nothing to gain from it . 
  the eu can suck my dick though , even though i do like the euro . 
  i thought the cgi looked pretty good :(, 
  google says [ april cheryse ] ( http://forum.santabanta.com/showthread.htm?238012-april-cheryse-playboy-s-cyber-girl-of-the-week-july-2011 ), 
  i just read the last comics and what . 
  the . 
  last time i read a cad comic it was about three silly roommates one of whiched worked at a gamestop and got stupid ideas . 
  this is really sad . 
  even more sad is that you undoubtedly have some sort of doctors slip citing that this is actually a `` condition '' and that it 's not your fault . 
  yes it is . 
  grow some balls . 
  indeed . 
  i did hear about the miscarriage though but i must confess it did n't encourage me to check up with the comic . 
  yeah and besides we drink so much milk that the `` specially treated '' milk for lactore intolerant people is just as cheap as regular milk because the market 's big enough . 
  they smell absolutely horrible ? 
  having an axe product visible in your apartment makes people think you 're either 14 years old and in disguise or just mentally behind ? 
  i was thinking the opposite . 
  look at the list . 
  yes there are a couple of big economic powers like russia and australia but the rest of the list is pretty much angola , mangladesh , oman , ghana . 
  i was expecting more european countries to show up in the comparison . 
  e. i was also surprised eu actually has a bigger gdp than the u.s [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28nominal%29 ) . 
  i think in this case nominal is a way better comparison than ppp . 
  it 's not a competition who 's better . 
  i was honestly surprised u.s was n't first . 
  you 've sacrificed average quality of life to capitalism so i figured you 'd at least lead in the making money department . 
  the u.s. is responsible for lots of wonderful things . 
  often times it just has very peculiar priorities . 
   it 's not a competition who 's better . 
   i was also surprised eu actually has a bigger gdp than the u.s wiki . 
  i can still state eu has a bigger gdp than the u.s. even if eu is n't a country . 
  i never said eu is a country . 
  i never said eu is number one !, 
  i see you added an edit . 
  why are you so defensive ? 
  i accept there are many many problems wrong with my country , some of which i only realized after living in the united states . 
  just like i see tons of problems with the u.s. 
  why are you acting like i attacked your country ? 
   is n't comparing your score with other people fun ? 
  friends ? 
  yeah . 
  random people ? 
  could n't care less . 
  yeah i 'm not complaining the feature exists . 
  i was just answering the question . 
  agreed . 
  you could tecnhically get paragon level 100 just by grinding mp0 act1 . 
  it does n't require anything but lots of time . 
  i do n't really understand why they stick to this format . 
  they could easily weigh the fighters before the fight instead of the previous day . 
  cutting would pay a much smaller role . 
  it 's not healthy you know . 
  at first res cropped the photo so i could only see done filmi ... ass 2, 
  i 'm not sure what i wished for, 
  1 and 5 . 
  edited . 
  now that you say it that might be the case . 
  i was pretty early in the prestige when i stopped playing and have n't touched the classes 6-8 since starting again exactly because they did n't show up . 
  i 'll try tonight . 
  but why is his face so feminine ? 
  in the comic i mean . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i even added that second sentence to make sure there was no misunderstandings and still you people manage to misunderstand me . 
  ###  in the comic, 
  i know what zyzz looks like . 
  yes the production is good but another difference is the audio quality in streams . 
  ipl5 has the best audio i 've seen from any ( free ) event stream . 
  really makes a huge difference to the experience . 
  i do n't know if you 're correct or not about the one shotting but ( 20 + 32 + 15 + 32 = 47 ) what ? 
  i 'll definitely look into that . 
  i 'd love to get a mechanical keyboard but simply can not use a non-flat keyboard comfortably . 
  this seems like a good compromise . 
   which is more in line with the way zerg plays in single player . 
  you mean the way i go around the map killing the entire zerg base to see a cut scene of the zergs `` overwhelming the entire map and terrans escaping just in time '' ? 
  this pic actually nicely demonstrates how ign 's `` 720p '' is actually 720i, 
  i think raising the supply to 300 would favor zerg most of all as it 's already the quickest to max out . 
  at 300 the difference would be even bigger . 
  because balancing it out would make 1v1 not balanced . 
  unless they made the units behave differently in 1v1 and team games which would confuse players . 
  also with the multiple possible combinations it 'd be practically impossible to balance them all . 
  so i see you have n't played starcraft 2 in six months .
