  they 're not trying to recreate u.s 1:1, 
  you ca n't drive up to scandinavia in euro truck simulator ? 
  ryse looks like shit . 
  i love roman history . 
  i love everything about it . 
  whether it 's a history book , a tv series or a video game i 'll watch it or play it gladly . 
  i also own an xbox and like that too . 
  but that game looked like utter crap . 
  it 's 5 minutes of quicktime events for god 's sake . 
  i 'd rather watch a cutscene for 5 minutes than `` play '' like that . 
  the scene is i know that girl - rikki six '' fuckin in every room in the house '', 
  i did n't know that about the updates . 
  that does explain some since it literally often took me 15 + minutes to update the games on ps3 vs. xbox taking less than 30 seconds ( not counting things like battlefield updates which were 1,5 gb and contained new maps etc. ), 
  i 'm not saying it 's expensive , but it is n't free . 
  xbl probably costs less to maintain than whatever they make off of it . 
  psn definitely costs more than what they make off of it ( though this psn + business might have changed that , i do n't think it even excisted back when i played with the ps3 ) . 
  also this is pure speculation but based on what i read in online discussions if the psn is broken people are like `` meh '' because it 's free , if the xbl is down everyone loses their shit . 
  there 's a different level of expectation that comes with the paywall and it surely shows in the feedback they get . 
  the games i was especially thinking were uncharted 1 & 2 , i tried playing the multiplayer so many times on those but was never even able to connect to the multiplayer servers . 
  that has never happened to me in any game on the xbox . 
  cod 's always worked fine on both platforms . 
  i live in finland , i pay 19,90 $ for my 100mbit  though i am jelly of the google fiber . 
  ok , i just remember that first gameplay reveal video a while back when in the end the camera zoomed back and there was another player standing on the rooftop and then zoomed back even more to reveal what appeared to be more players , kinda like in the end of the division trailer . 
  but you might be right , that could 've been just console < -  mobile , i have n't really followed or read anything , i 've just seen the gameplay footage . 
  last time i checked ps4 was a console . 
  not all multiplayer games are p2p . 
  cod is n't the only game out there . 
  but , it is ? 
  i 've lived in michigan . 
  michigan is very much in the midwest and it 's definitely bordering the east coast . 
  maybe some of the most western parts of midwest are west of the middle of the coutntry but 90 % of the `` midwest '' is in the east . 
  yeah a lot of studios released all kinds of tablet/smartphone integrations to their games . 
  i do n't own a tablet but so far they do n't seem to be anything that takes away from the player experience if you do n't own one , just some extra things you can do if you do have one . 
  while i certainly do n't enjoy wow either ( i played it one weekend when it was free ) wow at least has gameplay . 
  you fight monsters and shit . 
  second life is like a 3d habbo hotel but with adults . 
  and the community is extremely weird . 
  that 's a huge generalization . 
  i agree people who do n't speak the language as fluently use less contractions than native speakers but to say people who speak english as a second language rarely use contractions is a huge overstatement . 
   actual high quality video rips get removed instantly from youtube because of their filters , and it seems like recorded computer screen videos never get removed . 
  that 's because they use an automated software . 
  it 's the same reason a lot of clips are horizontally flipped . 
  youtube does n't recognize them . 
  of course they also respond to manual complaints but if you try to upload pretty much anything from a movie or a well known ( mostly us ) tv show youtube will automatically recognize it and never even put it up . 
  yeah was n't this a thing like a decade ago ? 
  patriot act and all that . 
  now suddenly people are surprised ? 
  i remember hearing and reading about nsa etc. 
  listening to phone conversations for at least ten years now and i 'm not even american . 
  whaat ? 
  you can buy a big ass hdtv for a few hundred dollars these days . 
  it 's not the early 2000s anymore . 
  funemployment is the shit . 
  all day to play vidya , watch movies and hit the gym . 
  the only downside is i do n't have as much money for booze and drugs but i 'd rather be sober than working and it 's healther too . 
  besides you do n't feel that `` need '' to get drunk every friday when you do n't work . 
  you 're all kinds of wrong, 
   editing your comment to say `` consoles '' instead of xbox one , then mocking me , classy . 
  what ? 
  there 's no asterisk for an edit ( like this : wolfintheshadows [ score hidden ] 13 minutes ago * ) in my comment . 
  you have to edit within 2 minutes for the asterisk not to show up , you replied 8 hours after i posted it . 
  i personally would never buy a plasma but they still release new plasma models all the time . 
  the plasmas of 2013 are not the same as the plasmas of 2006 . 
  some people still believe they are the best ( and they do still have better colours than lcd 's ) . 
  you said you do n't pay car/mortage payments ** and ** you make more than welfare . 
  even on welfare you can easily save for a big screen tv . 
  i 'm guessing you spend every friday and saturday ( and wendesday ) drinking beer preferably at a bar and then complain when you have no `` disposable income '' ? 
  then what 's the point of a video chat ? 
  you could just talk on the phone in front of a mirror . 
  actually nevermind , i have 3 devices capable of skype and only 1 mirror in my bathroom . 
  home for the summer , meeting up with all them exes , busting all kinds of nuts . 
  no actually i live on my own , i 'm on welfare and i have a large screen tv i bought with my own money . 
  they are n't that expensive . 
  true , but point being it was n't a gift or anything . 
  yeah and i do n't know about you all but i 'm keeping my 360 . 
  i have all kinds of amazing games stockpiled for it . 
  those are n't going to go away just because i buy a ps4 . 
  in a few years the graphics are going to be so old they 're nostalgic instead of crap ( some could say they already are ) so that 's not an issue . 
  the only problem really is the fps of later games when they tried to push the system too much . 
  that 's like those early 3d games where rooms felt like they were changing shapes and everything was really disorientating . 
  even with time it 's still going to hurt playability . 
  better at what ? 
  better as a whole , probably the lcd ( led 's are lcd 's too ) . 
  better when it comes to deep blacks and colours ? 
  the plasmas , at least from what i 've heard . 
  like i said i own a led lcd and have only owned lcd 's , but that does n't mean plasmas are `` a thing of the past '' . 
  they are still being developed and improved alongside lcd 's . 
  has this been confirmed ? 
  i have n't followed microsoft that much on e3 but back during the xbox one release you still had to carry your discs physically to install the game the first time ( per console ) . 
  but once it 's been installed you do n't need the disc as long as you 're logged into your account . 
  still far from steam etc. 
  where you can just go to a friends house and dl the game . 
  same here . 
  i did opt for 360 instead of ps3 and i 'm glad about that decision , i still think it 's the better of the two . 
  nevertheless i 'm definitely getting a ps4 , unless the controller is absolutely horrendous in real life in which case i 'll just get a new pc . 
  there 's no point to being a fanboy ( i 've also had a nes and a gamecube ) . 
  or you know pay a professional a $ 100 or so to remove it . 
  that 's your problem , you were looking for a job 4-5 hours a day . 
  the ps3 has better hardware but because of the way the ps3 architecture works ( and developer 's unfamiliarity with it vs. directx ) multiplatform games almost without an exception run better on the 360 . 
  the graphics look about the same , but the ps3 has way more problems with low fps 's and textures loading slower than the player .
