  i fight for my right to make inappropriate sexual comments online . 
  anniskelupassi for bartending http://www.valvira.fi/web/en/alcohol/responsible-managers, 
  hygieniapassi for serving food http://www.hygienepassport.fi/en, 
  a lot of places require both, 
  those are stories of men fighting other men in their own weight class . 
  not men fighting smaller women . 
  half the bartenders in helsinki do n't speak fluent finnish if any at all . 
  first off i have no need to nitpick . 
  lumi makes multiple blatant errors in every game he casts . 
  i do n't mean i disagree with him on strategy , i mean he does n't know core game mechanics or item/skill interactions and often times even goes out of his way to not only miss things but to spread blatant misinformation . 
  why i do n't post every one of those but did choose to post this is that a. he was not in the middle of a cast but in a relaxed environment pre-game b. it 's not just stumbling his words or forgetting a detail , he clearly believes in what he 's talking about bringing up examples from previous games and everything c. providing pre-2013 information really sums up lumi 's casts as off late . 
   99 % of you here did n't notice or were n't sure about it either, 
  99 % of people on here are n't paid to analyze drafts on stream . 
  even though i disagree in that i 'm fairly sure more than 1 % of the people on this sub know the pick order either way you ca n't hold a pro caster to the same standards as a random retard on an internet board . 
  i remember she got one pick prediction right in ti5 after the other analysts had just discarded her whole suggestion and twitch chat went crazy . 
   primarily, 
  that 's the thing though . 
  people can have other priorities yet still want to occasionally play video games . 
  did n't they book the venue for 7 days ? 
  group stages started on monday and were at least cast from the same place , finals on sunday . 
  yay another custom game i will never even try, 
  yea it 's hard to hate on the idea given the game 's origin but to be completely honest i used to just grind wc3 ladder as well, 
  nothing to do with reddit . 
  icefrog realized he wanted to delete the hero from the game because the whole idea behind the design was a mistake and has no place in the game but valve already sold cosmetics for it and wanted to avoid a backslash/bad pr so actually deleting him was not an option . 
  thus he was gutted to the point of being pointless . 
  please go ahead, 
  if you look at poland 's history it 's not too surprising they want allies with a strong military . 
  poland is america 's # 2 bitch after the uk . 
  you do realize how a democracy functions , right ? 
  well as someone who chose to leak all this information to expose what he considered wrongdoing without monetary compensation and knowing it 'd likely force him to leave the country and never return home i 'd say yes , symbolic value and public recognition as a defender of human rights is probably pretty high up there . 
  you are extremely naive if you think snowden did n't accept the fact he was going to be forced into hiding abroad for the rest of his life well before he started leaking documents . 
  anyone who stumbles upon material like that is n't clueless when it comes to matters of national security . 
   people are downvoting you, 
   literally one vote, 
  i wonder who these people are, 
  oh damn i guess the mystery is solved then, 
   i think all the important , hidden knowledge should be available somewhere in the client, 
   for example , destroying a tier 1 tower refreshes glyph . 
  this is one of the loading screen tutorial messages, 
  could n't agree more . 
  dota2 is pretty privileged compared to many other games in that it has tons of great casters which is why i find it even harder to understand why tobi is given such high profile games to cast . 
  even purge on the newbie stream did a better job casting the last ti finals . 
  lasso can be counterplayed with teamwork . 
  doom just is there . 
   it 's the most active community, 
  d2g is pretty damn active too . 
  reddit probably wins in terms of sheer posts per minute but both are at that level where it would require full around the clock attention to keep up with every post . 
   this hero is just dead . 
  as it should be . 
  yes it should . 
  it should be removed from the game alltogether . 
  it was a bad idea in the first place and admitting your mistakes should n't be shunned . 
  just because icefrog made a bad judgement call years ago does n't mean everyone has to live with it until the end of time . 
  i 'm pretty sure we 'll manage with 111 heroes and valve has already said they 're not against introducing new ones once all the old ones are ported over . 
  yeah well sucks to be you but it really does n't seem to be an issue here . 
  i 'm not talking about `` english-only-bars '' like aussie . 
  i 'm saying totally regular night clubs often have a bartender or two who maybe understand `` yks bisse '' but if you want anything more complex you have to do it in english . 
  that does n't mean they do n't have bartenders who do speak finnish . 
  they do n't . 
  k-market ( single k ) are n't owned by individuals . 
  it 's just a person who has nothing else important in their life so they take too much pride in their minimum wage job . 
  and you 're just as stupid to put your health in danger for a few bucks in finland . 
  if anything it 's more stupid here because it 's so much harder to fire employees . 
  yeah but you might get knifed for protecting a few lost euros from the company books . 
  stupid as fuck . 
   the police simply do n't care about a few shoplifted items . 
  the store owner has insurance to cover the cost . 
  that is why i feel compelled to try to stop them , no body else will . 
  so what you 're saying is there is even less reason to put your own health at risk because not only are you losing nothing your employer is n't either but you just go out of your way to get some excitement in your life to get the adrenaline pumping ? 
  i 'm sure that will seem like a great idea when you 're lying in a hospital bed with a punctured lung . 
  but what about high school yearbook pictures of celebrities looking like average high school students ? 
  well maybe not identical but it 's still pretty high . 
  finland has one of the highest homicide and violent crime rates in western europe and if there 's anyone whose more likely than average to carry a knife it 's the type of person who tries to steal beer from a cornerstore . 
  i know . 
  i said compared to the rest of western europe . 
  is the us part of western europe ? 
  you do n't have to be lazy to not see the appeal of this . 
  to me that looks like a lot of hard work and investment to have less accurate control methods with much fewer possible inputs . 
   just as it is harder to aim with a real gun compared to `` move your crosshair over the target '' kind of shooting , i would think . 
  yeah but we 've a long time ago established that realism does n't always equal enjoyable gameplay . 
  i 'm sure that quote will bring a lot of happiness to your family and friends at your funeral after you decided to interfere with something you had no reason to . 
  i understand that , but i do n't want that . 
  not wanting that does n't make me lazy . 
   payed, 
  quality journalism right there, 
  you have to go do the test in person to prevent cheating but they are available pretty much everywhere . 
  the available test dates and locations are listed on both http://www.hygienepassport.fi/ and http://www.alcoholpassport.fi/ if you just scroll down . 
  you can study the material at http://www.hygienepassport.fi/self-study-material or http://www.alcoholpassport.fi/material or by googling anniskelupassi or hygieniapassi . 
  but realism does n't equal better gameplay . 
  also it 's a lot easier to steady your aim with a 5kg rifle of stolid metal than waving two 100g pieces of plastic around . 
  people play fps games with a controller because consoles are cheap and they enjoy playing on a couch with a big tv . 
  nobody plays fps games on pc with a controller just because of the triggers . 
  it 's much easier to make pixel perfect movements on a device that 's standing on a still surface and can read 5400 pixels per inch than it is trying to wave a controller in the air that not only uses some sort of motion controls to determine it 's position instead of a high accuracy sensor but also has it 's full weight supported by the player 's arm . 
  i live in finland . 
  i actually go to that shop pretty often . 
  your image of finland is from tourist advertisements . 
  stop trying to do pr work for the country . 
  i know finns obsess over what others think about us but violent crime does exist here . 
  it exists everywhere . 
  arma is a fantastic game but it takes tons of liberties from being a `` simulator '' .
