  that 's all nice and everything but bullets do n't go through chickens . 
  they completely block the shot . 
  so you taking 79 or 87 or any amount of damage means the shot did n't hit the chicken . 
  you can go start up an offline game with harmless bots and try to shoot them through chickens , they 'll take 0 damage . 
  this is a well known issue, 
  because attention whore gurll gamers were becoming an issue so twitch changed their tos to not allow topless streamers or even bikinis . 
  i guess they wanted to stay focused on their own thing and avoid it becoming a mfc/chaturbate knockoff . 
  of course money talks so the official umf streams ( +100 k viewers ) had people in bikinis all weekend and even nudity with no problems and people like arteezy ( +30 k viewers ) play with their shirts off and just do n't give a fuck because they know twitch wo n't touch them . 
  this video is from a big event as well so that 's why they can do that with no repercussions and the `` taken down '' thing becomes a joke . 
  if this was in a stream with 100 viewers it could very well be a real threat . 
  i do n't care . 
  chickens block shots . 
  there 's no discussing it . 
  if a shot does dmg it did n't hit the chicken , end of story . 
  i have no argument ? 
  i have a flawless argument and i also gave you evidence in the form of video . 
  i do n't know what happened , my guess would be useless . 
  all i know is that you ca n't wallbang chickens . 
  you either hit the chicken which stops the shot or you miss the chicken . 
  there 's no hitting through a chicken , it 's impossible . 
  you have video proof of you taking 70 damage from an unknown source and headshotting a guy not through a chicken . 
  well either he legged you and someone else shot the chicken or you took damage from elsewhere because penetrating a chicken is impossible, 
  started as single ak , supreme after 1000 hours, 
  i do n't care . 
  like i said i do n't know what happened . 
  all i know is what did n't happen and that 's you getting shot through a chicken because it 's impossible . 
  also were n't you / done / done / done / done ? 
  yeah a slow-mo of a 16 tick demo , that sure is conclusive, 
  for a native speaker you 're really not too good at english, 
   you are literally the only one who complains and thinks chicken did not absorb the damage . 
  yeah just me and all the other thousands of people who upvoted that video i linked in an earlier comment to the front page, 
   this game is full of bugs and maybe he hit chickens leg and it did not completely absorb the damage, 
  so what you 're saying is that the way the game handles chickens is that their body completely blocks damage and ignores the usual `` penetration '' rules yet the legs of the chickens have hitboxes coded into the game that are only on the legs and nowhere else and those do follow penetration rules . 
  seems reasonable . 
   that it is 16 tick there is no way it is so bad that you would not see him shooting in my legs, 
  you truly underestimate 16 tick demos . 
  the only limit you have is sensitivity . 
  with a high enough sensitivity a 16 tick demo can show you facing 180 degrees to the opposite direction when you 're supposed to be shooting a player behind you in the head . 
  have you never seen frag videos in the csgo subreddit ? 
  they always look like aimhacks because the in the demo it looks like the player has n't even started to move their crosshair when they already got a headshot . 
  for all we know that terrorist in your video might 've lowered his sights right before shooting . 
  coal is a fossil fuel, 
   i would like to see you speak another language as good as i speak this one . 
  english is my 3rd language retard . 
  late night ? 
  you mean you have to watch the program a certain time of day ? 
  til there are people who use 8.1 who have n't installed [ classic shell ] ( http://www.classicshell.net/ ) or a similiar program . 
  i could n't imagine using my computer with the default windows 8 `` start menu '', 
  you said you would like to see it, 
  oh i 'm sorry would i appear more mature if i included stuff like / done/done/done / done to my posts then declared i 'm done posting about half a dozen times yet continue responding to every message ? 
  you ca n't ask for an opinion without providing some examples at least . 
  but unlike you i never said i would stop posting so would n't it make more sense for you to stop ? 
  considering you have announced your intentions to stop at least five times compared to my zero . 
  would n't that be the * mature * thing to do ? 
  aww you actually believe that ? 
  how cute . 
  it 's about as easy as moving anywhere, 
  gfycat works perfectly fine for all twelve of us windows phone users, 
  4 items per set sounds pretty common, 
  also you should start playing omni, 
  i 'm lvl 30 and i have the golden luna shield . 
  i have n't even bought levels , i opened two of those cache things and got +11 levels from both of them, 
  works perfectly fine and i 'm on my sister 's crappy laptop . 
  get better internet, 
   he did n't say what are the mathematical odds of randoming viper twice , he meant statistically . 
  ouch my brain, 
  razer makes shitty quality products and spends a ton of money on advertising which brings the price of their product up to the point where you can get much better alternatives for the same price, 
   i also opened 11 of those cache things and got only 11 set , not a single +11 levels bonus from any of the ches, 
  damn that sucks . 
  i actually bought the caches for the wr set and got it on the second one so that was pretty nice too . 
  and i got the nightstalker set from one of the immortal boxes i got from the +11 levels, 
  it is now, 
  well obviously it is n't a performance issue since this computer can run it so it must be internet, 
  that thing looks hilarious when it drops and you see just the mount without the horns etc, 
  e. https://pbs.twimg.com/media/b1s1191cmaazmpf.png, 
  just because it 's in the sidebar does n't make it true . 
  this sub has always been a satirical circlejerk . 
  there is no `` his own money '' in a marriage unless they have a prenup, 
  all seeing eye master race, 
  i just play with it plugged in . 
  you 'd need some bluetooth dongle to use it wirelessly anyway, 
  the analog sticks are pretty crappy though . 
   i ca n't imagine anyone building a computer ( not to mention choosing parts ) only based on included manuals . 
  what ? 
  that 's exactly what i did . 
  i do n't even understand what the alternative is that you 're suggesting, 
   a simple stock fan is more than enough for basic use and light gaming . 
  i definitely would n't suggest using a stock fan . 
  not only are they inadequate at what they do they 're noisy as fuck . 
  and that special goo is as easy to apply as toothpaste, 
  well i did n't buy levels , i bought item sets . 
  the levels were a bonus drop not guaranteed with purchase . 
  i actually have n't even tried the stock fan that my current cpu came with so the only thing i can tell you about is that it was about 1/10th of the size of the cooler i replaced it with . 
  but yeah having looked for parts for a new pc recently myself i agree that basically everyone who knows even a little about pcs will recommend using a custom cooler, 
  i do n't understand why you would think so . 
  at least my motherboard and case came with very detailed manuals on how to do everything necessary . 
  i did n't look up a single video or other help outside of picking parts and this was my first pc build . 
  end war 's campaign had the complexity of tutorial missions from any pc rts, 
   okay now lets install it to drive so it loads faster . 
  actually that 's last-gen stuff .
