   if the kinect is awesome , why ? 
  since it 's clearly not for the games which i find odd given that the xbox360 is a gaming console . 
  look around youtube for some of the other applications people have found for it . 
  the technology behind kinect is actually pretty solid . 
  it 's just that the games are utter crap . 
  granted i 'm one of those people who 's not interested in motion controls no matter how well they 're executed , but the kinect as a piece of technology is actually pretty impressive given it 's price . 
  joysticks and buttons existed back in the days of pong and they 're still the way we play majority of games . 
  since then we 've had virtual boys and power gloves and now kinect and ps move . 
  none of the gimmicks have caught on and honestly until they come up with an entire `` virtual reality '' i do n't believe they will . 
  i simply do n't want to use motion controls for videogames . 
  i 'd rather just use my fingers . 
  you ca n't really compare rumble to something like kinect because rumble does n't actually influence gameplay in any way . 
  yeah there are a few games which might include puzzles using rumble but those are rare and still the majority of gameplay is played exactly the way it was before a rumble pack . 
  maybe there 's a reason why the basic controller is still the main input mechanism after all these decades despite the fact we 've had all sorts of power gloves and kinects . 
  i ca n't wait for the new xbox . 
  simply because of the improved gameplay that the technology allows . 
  more processing power and storage space does not only affect graphics but in the hands of a good developer it can spawn an entire new depth to video game experiences . 
  to me that 's a lot more important than some gimmick . 
  touch screens and 3d are still utter crap though . 
  i admit touch screens have some specific applications where they can be useful but generally not , and i 've yet to see a 3d movie that did n't look worse than the 2d version . 
  that skyrim kinect release trailer/introduction was probably the most cringe-worthy xbox related video i 've seen . 
  good show . 
  available in better quality and quicker outside netflix . 
  i disagree . 
  there was n't really even a joke here . 
  it was just `` hey i know that reference '' for two minutes . 
  everyone hates on d3 but i 'd say it was more of a disappointment than a terrible game . 
  yeah it was n't what i expected it to be but still i got over a 100 hours off of it before growing tired . 
  i do n't regret spending 45 $ for 100 hours of entertainment . 
  it was a bigger let down than any other game this year , but still it was better than a lot of games . 
   lacking the creativity promised by the first two games, 
  mp1 & 2 where created by remedy where as mp3 was created by rockstar . 
  you ca n't really say the first two promised anything about the third if the studio completely changed in between . 
  i never expected mp3 to live up to 1 & 2 and found it an enjoyable game . 
   sadly, 
  it 'll be a great day in the history of television when urheiluruutu finally stops pretending anyone gives a shit about pes\u00e4pallo . 
  granted i do n't even own a tv but whenever i 'm visiting my parents nothing pisses me off as much as having to sit through 10 minutes of women 's pes\u00e4pallo to see sm-liiga/premier league highlights . 
  it 's like american football without the strategy part . 
  but with less commercials !, 
  well i though it was pretty cringe-worthy how they were trying to analyse it 's success . 
  especially the theories they came up with and comparing it to a drug several times . 
  so out of touch with the real world . 
  well i guess she wo n't be making any more stupid bets in the future, 
  turkinpippuri shot is absolutely disgusting compared to the genuine salmari . 
  why would you suggest that ? 
  i agree the `` semifinals '' should be bo5 . 
  it 's like there 's a lot of them . 
  tbh i could n't pick between polt and bomber so i 'm just glad i got to see great games . 
  i love how legend fades away the hud to show large engagements though . 
  no clue why other observers do n't do this . 
  at those times i think it 's good the player cameras go away too , but a lot of the time they 're not visible even with the hud . 
  yeah that 's what i meant . 
  all the games when there are only 4 players remaining . 
  yeah a 17 year old is old enough to make his own decision about sexuality and seeing as how the police found out from an `` informant '' instead of the boy himself i really do n't see a problem with this . 
  the quote however is absolutely fucked up . 
  `` that 's amazing !, 
  i hope empty answers equal `` neutral '' cause i did n't feel like clicking neutral a 100 times . 
   why do you refuse to switch race ? 
  i do n't play to win or achieve highest possible ladder rank . 
  i play to have fun . 
  to me terran or protoss is more fun to play than zerg . 
  it still pisses me off when the game is unfair . 
  it 's not like it even matters at my level but it annoys me when i watch pros . 
  and the government is listening to your conversations via the fillings in your teeth, 
  i 've always enjoyed the trash talk during tournaments . 
  do n't really understand why it 's banned in gsl but i guess it 's a cultural thing . 
  it definitely hurts the one typing more than the the other one . 
  all the more reason why a rule to prohibit talking is sorta unnecessary, 
   life could 've easily beat stephano . 
  yeah right, 
  and if life would had won you would had claimed it to be further evidence that koreans are still undefetable . 
  even if life was n't playing with 100 % intensity in the 5th match the rest of the players surely are . 
  though it 's a friendly match there 's still reputation on the line . 
  aside from stephano who was probably just exhausted scarlett is the only one who did n't lose all her games . 
   even at school where i teach , its 9 c in the corridors , and 14 in the classes, 
  i 'd love that . 
  here in finland it 's the opposite . 
  -10 c outside and +25 in every classroom . 
  i do n't feel like stripping down to t-shirt and back every time i go to class . 
  do n't even get me started on wool socks . 
  especially annoying in supermarkets that are also ~ 25c and you do n't even have any place to put your jacket . 
  this house of yours is insane though , i ca n't believe that 's simply a `` cultural thing '' . 
  sounds like really cheap and crappy building . 
  i 'm going to go on a limb here and say she 's probably not a very good player, 
  better than most people who own the game maybe but how about compared to other people who stream ? 
  besides she says in the video she 's na gold and eu silver so she 's not even better than most . 
  not just you, 
  he 's also observing in ipl5 which is why everyone 's been circlejerking over him the last few days . 
  for a good reason i might add . 
  sounds like a modern and civil organization filled with intelligent people, 
  bill of rights freedom bald eagle stars and stripes, 
  military is n't full of murderers and rapists . 
  it 's full of people dumb enough to let themselves taken advantage of . 
  or unfortunate enough that they do n't have a choice . 
  so opposing young people dying pointlessly is politics now ? 
  interesting . 
  if you honestly think the military has anything to do with upholding the peace it 's you who 's being naive . 
  i was talking purely from a moral standpoint . 
  do n't really give two shits about the law . 
  actually where i live there 's a conscription so most people i know are `` military members '' .
