   i 'm sorry you feel disabled people should n't have kids ? 
  is it all disabled people or just certain ones ? 
  just curious . 
  dis \u00b7 a \u00b7 bled ( ds-bld ), 
  inoperative : a disabled vehicle . 
  impaired , as in physical functioning, 
  if you 're able to take care of the baby like a regular person then i have nothing against you being a parent . 
  if you are n't then yes , i feel you should n't have a child . 
  notice how you made this all about her . 
  i 'm just thinking about the baby . 
  to a degree . 
  there were many times in this video when the `` drug dealers '' we 're already backing away but the security guard had to get the last word which only lead to them coming back and the situation continuing . 
  besides saying stuff like `` what you gon na do about it nigga '' , `` do something about it '' , `` come on and give it to me '' and `` i 'm looking for you to kill me , give me what i 'm looking for '' are pretty guaranteed to only escalate a situation like this . 
  you 're saying that like any sort of racism is automatically unjustifiable . 
  maybe because they 're smart enough not to enlist in the first place . 
  yeah now that i look at it it seems like i was implying rap ca n't be creative . 
  that was n't what i was trying to say at all . 
  simply that what 's seen in the video is neither rapping nor creative . 
  if that 's true i 'm yet to see a good tattoo . 
  yeah i 've seen funny tattoos and cool looking tattoos but i 've never seen a tattoo that makes it 's carrier look better . 
  at least on a woman . 
  i was honestly surprised all her clothes did n't get torn off 5 seconds into the gif, 
  he lifted his hands in the air . 
  how is that douchey or disrespectful ? 
  you 're not allowed to celebrate goals anymore ? 
  to be fair whitney was the first player to lay hands on an opponent after the game was already over . 
  if there 's going to be a suspension it should be both . 
  i know it was n't much but physical contact after goals and especially after the final whistle do n't belong in the sport . 
  e. never mind after wathing it a couple of times it seems to be morris who gave the first blow . 
  why would anyone want to ? 
  do it in europe so we can bet money on the players . 
  i do n't know man . 
  i find it comforting that there has been no proof of anything `` supernatural '' . 
  i like the idea that the world around us is `` chaotic '' and boils down to science . 
  finding out that there actually is some supernatural force ruling us and everything i 've believed in does n't actually hold up would be devastating . 
  i would n't be able to believe anything anymore . 
  so all in all i 'll take dying over the laws of universe being worthless . 
  i was actually surprised to see all the top comments agreed with op . 
  yes, 
  are you calling tasteless a `` nice newbie friendly caster '' ? 
  i admit i have n't watched that much gsl but every time i do it seems like him and artosis talk about nothing but metagame to the point where it sometimes feels like the game is on the background for the artosis & tasteless talk show . 
  this does n't belong on this sub, 
  you are the worst kind of white suburban kid . 
  the `` they do n't have it as so good so you ca n't judge anything they do '' kid, 
  this road used to be on my way to school every morning, 
  nubs nob is great but the best thing in hs is gurney 's, 
  that 's the m-119 . 
  it 's beautiful any time of the year . 
  what ? 
  i thought this was something that only existed in peer pressure p.a 's . 
  why would you have trouble saying no to something you do n't want to do ? 
   the kind of people who go to pornhub, 
  you mean like 95 % of the male population ? 
  well , this is awkward, 
  i think the butthurt on the part of op that is obviously required for this sort of post is more cringeworthy than the pics . 
  i know , it 's hardly my main source of porn but i admit i 've visited the site pretty often simply from links via reddit or google or whatever . 
  78-81 was n't in the late 60 's . 
  also i 'm quite sure you could make 500 bucks over the course of a summer even in the late 70s . 
  i would n't want a car even if i got if for cheap . 
  the cost & hassle of a parking spot in the city , insurance , inspection etc. 
  for extremely minor benefits . 
  then again i live within a couple hundred meters from my school and a shopping centre . 
  limited installs ? 
  what 's that ? 
  i 'm seriously asking , back when i used to buy pc games with physical discs i never had any issue with installing multiple times . 
  the cd key only checked i have purchased the game at one point and that i could n't play the game online from multiple computers at once . 
   refs need to start being held accountable for awful calls like this . 
  eh . . they are held accountable ? 
  there 's lots of competition to referee nhl games and they definitely only let the best referees do it . 
  bad calls will get you sent to the minor leagues . 
  i have a feeling he 's the type of person who would n't have a huge problem with turning off his computer and continuing his life like it was before except with extra funding from reddit . 
  `` oh no they gave me thousands of dollars but they also posted non-funny pictures on a website that i do n't even visit myself how deeply do i regret that place ever finding out about me '', 
  i do n't think that 's even physically possible, 
  i do n't get it . 
  yeah it 's a 9/11 reference but what are those things ? 
  they do . 
  there 's a reason he 's in the game opening face-off at 38 . 
  i do n't know what kind of buildings they have where you 're from but those look more like shipping containers . 
  i 've played many td 's ( ever since wc3 custom maps ) but i had n't tried this one before . 
  thanks !, 
  do n't forget their father is a very [ established hockey coah ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2ffi.wikipedia.org%2fwiki%2fjukka_koivu ), 
  i do n't think it 's possible to watch those videos without at least a single tear, 
  i 'm just glad they 're tears of joy, 
  it 's a shame . 
  the ducks are a good team . 
  i do n't like halo because of the way the aim assist works ( curved bullets ) in multiplayer and because the single player campaign is just boring . 
  the guns lack any sort of `` balls '' and killing space critters does n't really give any satisfaction either . 
  but why is there a horizon ? 
  in the same place it 'd be on earth ? 
  the artist did n't do a great job connecting the traditional landscape and the ring in the sky . 
  [ first video over 9 minutes ? 
  ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-ftmu6jawa8g/ulggoh1xj3i/aaaaaaaaaoe/bj4crmaskca/s1600/aint_nobody_got_time_for_that.gif ), 
  i thought it was extremely noticeable which is always a sign of a bad aim assist, 
  unlike op 's pic suggests i 'm pretty sure the biggest ` murica bashers on reddit are all american . 
  yeah i have keyboard illumination on my laptop . 
  in the 6 years i 've owned it i do n't think i 've once turned the lights on . 
  that 's $ 1000 as well and also incredibly ugly, 
  i do n't think you 're gon na go very far if you need to look at the keyboard while playing starcraft . 
  besides there 's an option to view the hotkey over every action , it 's useful in the beginning . 
   have you never used a kindle,
