  so what if someone who you think is your friend walks up to you and out of nowhere punches you in the face as hard as they can , then stop and start laughing at their `` prank '' and therefore `` not posing danger '' anymore ? 
  would your reaction be `` well i do n't think that was necessary of him but since he says it 's a joke i guess i do n't want to look for excuses to start a fight '' ? 
  i know mine would n't and i sure as hell would rather take a sucker punch than have an object that long forcefully inserted into my mouth . 
   this simply is not starting a fight or attacking anyone . 
  how ? 
  if that was a girl in the video she 'd likely win a rape case in court . 
  that is absolutely attacking a person and an assault at least . 
   are you just constantly fighting people that you think have violated your space ? 
  are you constantly having large pointy objects shoved into your mouth without asking ? 
  i can tell you no friend of mine has ever done anything remotely close to that nor have i done anything like that to anyone . 
  so is that like some actual meat product and potato product etc. 
  or is it just some generic foam like substance in different colors ? 
  also does it try to mimic the taste ? 
   it is edible . 
  no artificial colours . 
  no preservatives . 
  this kit includes chicken and pork in a part of raw materials . 
  ( it is not halal . ), 
  96 calories . 
  it tastes like real hamburger , bread , cheese , ketchup , french fries and cola . 
  i ate it after filming . 
  it tasted good . 
   yet, 
  found the microsoft employee, 
  because all this shit is a lot cheaper than buying ad space of equal exposure . 
  you are n't ? 
  i sure as hell would take one uncomfortable afternoon at the police station in exchange for getting to nasa , meeting the president , getting free shit thrown at me and being offered internships at large it companies at that age, 
  i mean i 'm sure it was a nice clock but really it 's hardly anything special that endless kids interested in that sort of thing have n't built before . 
  but it is the main reason . 
  how is that not obvious to you ? 
  if a white kid got arrested for mistaking a clock for a bomb it would be handled at the police station ( if it ever even got that far ) and he 'd be free to leave . 
  the only reason this story got any media attention let alone national media attention is that the kid has a muslim last name which turned it into a racial profiling story . 
  not saying it was n't racial profiling but that 's what made this newsworthy . 
  his ethnicity is what makes the story . 
  you really think the whole nation is reacting because electric circuits and wires were mistaken for a bomb and it 's time to end the opression on electric circuits and wires ? 
  nobody is saying the kid is a fraud . 
  they 're saying ms is exploiting the situation to advertise themselves . 
  i wish all the best for the kid but this post is nothing but an ad for microsoft . 
  reddit never declared microsoft a hero . 
  e. ok people are saying the kid is a fraud . 
  but i mean it should n't be condemned to change one 's opinion as new info comes to light . 
  the original news story was `` muslim boy builds clock , detained for making bomb '' . 
  the real story was he took apart a store bought alarm clock and put it in a suitcase with loose wires and electric circuits . 
  the cops not letting him talk to his parents is wrong , but it 's not enough to justify being treated like a child genius out of nowhere . 
  he was n't even arrested . 
  no , but he could expect to get media coverage and everything else is a bonus . 
  why do you think he must 've masterminded every single detail and be able to foresee future or otherwise he 's completely innocent ? 
   when i was 14 i could n't think beyond the next 15 minutes , let alone orchestrate some grand and elaborate scheme to exploit america 's racist and xenophobic tendencies to get myself arrested and stir up social media drama, 
  that 's why if you read this thread the unanimous agreement among `` skeptics '' is that his father ( a politician , activist and former multiple time presidental candidate in his home country ) is using him, 
  i did n't watch the entire video but i think if someone is into this sort of hobby it 's perfectly understandable why they 'd be pissed at some kid who did n't really invent anything getting all this fame and recognition and job offers for basically removing the plastic casing of an alarm clock when the world is full of smart kids who actually do build their own inventions . 
  the media and large audiences only care about one thing for a while before getting tired of it and this ahmed spending all this time in the spotlight about being an inventor genius means the next real kid genius is less likely to make the news because of saturation . 
  people are tired of hearing about inventor kids . 
  more like there are thousands of actually smart kids out there building inventions so it seems kinda shitty that this one kid that did n't actually build or invent anything gets the spotlight . 
  give this shit to someone who deservers it . 
  it 's not me but it sure is n't him either . 
  of course they should . 
  they have entire offices dedicated to pr and advertising . 
  this is their job . 
  the question you should be asking is why would users of reddit upvote this advertisement to the top of front page . 
  i read the `` his dad wants '' as in now that he is in this position , this is how he 'll use it . 
  not that this was the original plan all along . 
  it 's there on the summer one . 
  the picture is just taken a little closer, 
  i 'd probably rather take my chances with a jury than a bear . 
  especially if we 're talking about a handgun . 
  i just get the feeling that this is one of those things that looks amazing in pictures and would surely be comfy as hell to spend a weekend at but when you move there you realize stuff like the kind of internet connection you get in a cabin in the woords or the fact that you literally ca n't walk anywhere . 
  yes and yes, 
  ate a sandwich while watching the game on a portable tv ? 
  well i believe most people in this comment section believe the whole thing was planned from the beginning . 
  not to this extent of course but milking the race card for media attention . 
  literally every source i 've read or heard on the desert eagle other than counter-strike has led me to believe it 's one of the least reliable inconvenient pieces of crap that is only purchased by people who do n't know anything about weapons and want the one that proves everyone how masculine they are . 
  because google fiber is actually leading the competition in a market that had largely stagnated and not only offering a vastly superior modern service but forcing reforms on other companies by raising the bar for the whole industry . 
  you ca n't really compare that to exploitin a kid in media 's spotlight for some exposure of your product . 
  ms did n't take a chance or do anything themselves like google did with google fiber . 
  they 're just jumping on the bandwagon after it 's taken off . 
  what you 're describing might not be lag but a feature . 
  it 's called `` inertia scrolling '' . 
  i absolutely hate it and ca n't understand anyone who wants it but apparently some people do since it 's there . 
   this is more rage because the parents do n't just cancel the daughters phone plan, 
  also if you do n't have # 1400 saved up for emergencies you probably should n't be reproducing, 
  not saying the father is n't justified to be angry , of course he is , but he 's literally saying his account is frozen and he has to figure out a way to get the money together to reopen it . 
  if you 're living this paycheck to paycheck you 're not financially stable enough to have children . 
  birds are freaky . 
  it 's like they 're constantly having seizures and their reactions to everything are too sudden . 
  i do n't trust them and they probably carry all sorts of viruses too . 
  fuck birds . 
  do you need separate emergency funds for each possible scenario ? 
  i fully understand his anger , nobody wants to waste money on something like this . 
  but from his messages it seems less about not wanting to spend money on this and more about not having a dime to spend in the first place . 
   what the fuck ? 
  you have no right to say whether he should or should n't have children just because of his financial situation . 
  yes . 
  yes i do . 
  just like you should n't have a children if you 're an alcoholic or suffering from severe mental illnesses . 
  not being financially stable is a perfect reason why someone should not have a child . 
  having children should n't be something anyone feels entitled to just because they 're physically able . 
  saying one should be financially stable before having children has nothing to do with psycho analyzing, 
  yeah i was about to say just unsubscribe from / r/funny and you wo n't make that mistake anymore since you automatically assume it 's r/thathappened, 
  the point is n't to write a good essay . 
  it 's to write a long enough essay that 's technically passable so you do n't fail the class .
