  finland, 
  i stopped smoking cigarettes, 
  yeah i know damn indeed , but this shit is still being battled out in court , you see it in the news every now and then . 
  that does n't really matter though since we do n't have the same precedent procedure as the u.s, 
  still , reading a work e-mail address is a long way from keylogging and having the right to read anything that has been accessed on a work computer, 
  yeah the `` our bodies are one '' comment was kinda odd but in the comic she calls her crazy before that . 
  unless you consider `` that looks bad , let me take a look '' crazy, 
  i have a castle on the top of a mountain and it is really fucking annoying that it 's constantly filled with clouds . 
  ca n't see shit in my living room . 
  i just downloaded quandry but there are some stupid changes that i really do n't like . 
  for instance iron blocks look like bricks . 
  the whole point of iron blocks was the seamless look of steel buildings . 
  actually this only applies to links , not comments, 
  i have n't accepted any of my parents ' or my extended family members ' friend requests . 
  nobody 's bitched about it , i guess they understand why . 
  i 'd hate to have my parents as friends . 
  that 's all i had to say, 
  my reaction to this pic, 
  1 . god damnit not this shit again, 
  2 . at least it 's faye so the wart gif must 've been posted to ruin everybody 's fun, 
  3 . say whaaaat, 
  way hotter in the first one, 
  i know this is the declaration of independence and not the constitutuion but close enough for me to rage . 
  i fucking hate how people read these old documents like they 're holy . 
  it 's a political agreement made by politicans . 
  it 's full of compromises . 
  other countries change their constitution all the time . 
  for example 250 years ago the u.s did n't have a private army , that 's no justification for you to own a hundred guns now . 
  sorry mitch for signing you up so much shit, 
  am i the only one who sees a baby panda ? 
  been funemployed for a long time now and all i wan na do is play video games ( and reddit ) [ ] ( / ewbte ), 
  why would you downvote it if it made you laugh, 
  beat you to it, 
  here 's my number : 555-328-7548, 
  and sometimes one testicle will slam into your thigh with the power of a thousand suns . 
  the feeling 30 seconds later is a strange mix of helplesness and self-hate, 
  sorry to burst your bubble but it 's not like political corruption is a new thing, 
  get off your high horse faggot, 
  you do n't have glasses but you do n't make her drive because `` she does n't like driving on the highway '', 
  grow some fucking balls, 
  no , it 's because women are weak , incompetent and stupid . 
  and also for the slight chance of sex, 
  one of those pics where i 'm dissapointed `` repost '' is n't the top rated comment, 
  every fucking day, 
  a real man would had kept going until finished and then clean up the soda, 
  if you do n't like it , you can geeeet out, 
  only a woman would make such a big deal out of this, 
  free delivery on all orders, 
  you 're welcome, 
  yes it is, 
  actually i forgot about the regions completely when posting but according to a quick googling it is rf, 
  even in the pic it says 02/25/09, 
  mafia i was way better, 
  i disagree . 
  it has improved your life . 
  rules, 
  reposts are strictly forbidden . 
  clearly it did, 
  i 'm personally in between , i dont mind text and extra panels but excessive use of `` le '' and rage comics that really are n't rage comics ( life stories etc. ), 
  piss me off, 
  i upvoted for the irony of `` le me derping '' in r/classicrage, 
  this one does n't really even require any text . 
  also , why is there a me gusta face , it 's not like it 's perverted or weird to enjoy sleeping, 
  you surely ca n't [ ] ( / troll ), 
  this is in no way relatable unless we know who you 're talking about . 
  what did you think you 'd gain by posting this to f7u12, 
  i just want to let you know i browsed 50 comics from the new section as a favor for the community and this is one of the 2 i upvoted, 
  downvote , problem ? 
  [ ] ( / rtroll ), 
  saved as . gif, 
  brilliant fucking idea, 
  nice spoiler in the title, 
  socially awesome penguin could 've pulled it off, 
  how is this apple 's fault, 
  i wonder how many people that upvoted read the pdf instead of just the title . 
  my guess is less than one percent, 
  i 'll upvote anything that whines about reposts . 
  seriously reddit , wtf ? 
  cod : waw is made by treyarch , not iw . 
  if you have n't played any of the real cod 's you 've missed out big time . 
  hipsters on the internet are hating because they are too popular , but they really are amazingly good, 
  missing out on good games because you `` boycott activision '' is fucking retarded . 
  they 're still going to sell hunderds of millions of cod games , do you really think the lack of your $ 50 is going to make them stop exploiting gamers all of a sudden ? 
  failed r/gaming troll has failed, 
  i think a lot of it is in the dress as well, 
  you 're a bigger buzzkill than buzz killington, 
   she 's right , you should n't be a shut-in playing video games all the time, 
  it 's my body , i 'll do what i want, 
  her name is in the picture . 
  for god 's sake, 
  it 's actually ten times easier , this pic is bullshit, 
  i was n't saying getting high and playing video games all day are the same thing . 
  they 're both awesome though . 
  and if you do n't want to do them all the time then fine , do n't , but do n't act like you know better on the internet . 
  i am the guy . 
  you 're still acting like you know better . 
  amazing game . 
  simply amazing . 
  he 's right that 's not a mouse . 
  you use that with the other hand , instead of a keyboard .
