  i have the same kind of imac as in the picture running dual boot to either windows 7 or os x. i also have a virtual machine inside os x with both xp and w7 installed . 
  i 'm planning to buy a proper gaming pc which i could connect to the imac using it as a screen for that too ( thus saving more money for parts ) . 
  i like it, 
  any usb or wireless mouse and keyboard work just fine with mac . 
  also i have pretty big and fat hands but i love the apple keyboard and the mouse is n't bad for web use either . 
  for gaming i use a logitech . 
  if there 's tobacco it tastes really shitty after it 's been relit, 
  i do n't smoke either i just have some quality loose tobacco i add to my joints to make them burn better and get the smoke easier to inhale, 
  how low did you use for those ? 
  like on a scale of 1-6, 
  cool story bro, 
  light pollution . 
  `` night-time luminosity is thought to correlate with economic prosperity . '', 
  i do n't think a dealer would be that much of a dick had he not noticed/called back about the $ 20 . 
  that 's a bank error in your favor . 
  besides it 's the buyers responsibility to make sure the money 's right . 
  ok i 'll remember to try that next time, 
  hence the comic, 
  or finding trees on your fries, 
  that 's both ridiculous and awesome, 
  there 's an island on the right http://g.co/maps/65tnr, 
  also fishing boats , cargo , tons of military ships etc. 
  buoys 'n shit probably add up as well, 
  it is awesome . 
  metal is , always has been and always will be crap . 
  we must find this, 
  in fifa 09 there was the lb power shot but 12 is the first fifa i 've bought after 09 and there is no mention of the lb shot anywhere and to be honest i ca n't really notice it 's effects . 
  at least as easily as in 09 . are you sure it 's there ? 
  op : left analog stick up to get a good curve to a power shot, 
  this guy is either full of shit or with some weird control settings . 
  rs does nothing in free kicks . 
  ls controls the spin . 
  neither does rt on default settings . 
  those tutorials were informative but are the shitty time consuming graphics between everything really nevessary ? 
  your resistance only makes my penis harder, 
  the show 's called prison break . 
  iirc he broke out of prison after the 1st season . 
  i stopped watching then too . 
  there 's music i do n't like . 
  grouping metal with them would be a compliment it does n't deserve . 
  nice post but i ca n't get the fake pass to work . 
  i use the fake shot often and know how it should work but the fake pass only works like 1/10 times . 
  most times it just passes ( do n't know whether it 's a `` y pass '' or a `` a pass '' ) . 
  yeah me too i just was n't sure if it did anything . 
  according to some youtube tutorials it still exists, 
   my parents were high ( even though it was only a contact high ), 
  this sentence makes no sense . 
  a contact high is n't actually being high . 
  is it just be or does big pun look like bear paddington ? 
  you words accidentally ? 
  depends . 
  if you 're not that familiar with weed or the person i absolutely agree with you but if any of my friends ever snuk an edible to me without my knowledge i 'd just be happy for the free weed and a funny prank . 
  i know it would be the same other way around . 
  loosen up dude, 
  but it 's so much fun . 
  i would n't mind at all if one of my friends drugged me . 
  as long as it was something i 've tried before . 
  of course dosing strangers is horrible but there are far worse things you could do than give your friend some free weed . 
  that 's definitely not rule number 1 and i do n't see how it 's childish . 
  you ca n't really compare a story about edible weed and acid . 
  drugs are n't the same . 
  and i 'd think r/trees knows that better than most people . 
  i do n't know where you grew up but kids did n't drug each other when i was growing up . 
  in fact the whole drug thingy came along way after our adolescence . 
   lsd, 
  you 're on r/trees . 
  you should know better than comparing stories about weed brownies and lsd . 
  different drugs are very different . 
  also i do n't know what kind of people you hang out with but shit friends do to prank each other is usually neither fair nor smart in the long run . 
  i spent way too much time figuring out this comment, 
  this . 
  and/or the top comment about a possible grow-op . 
  was going to argue this until i remember not everywhere in the world does everyone love vodka . 
  hell i 'm scandinavian and i approve of free weed, 
  parting people in two pieces , red sea , blood is red ... there must be a joke somewhere in here, 
  funny video thanks for that , but i do n't listen to pop, 
  weed ? 
  i 'd be fine with it . 
  hell it 's a funny story to tell even if i did n't get the job , and even better if i did . 
  lighten up . 
  not everything in life is so serious . 
  sweden is one of the most socialist countries in the world . 
  i live in finland which is pretty goddamn socialist but we 're nothing compared to you . 
  in finland the mother gets 105 work days off ( ~ 4 months ) with full or almost full pay . 
  after that either parent can choose to stay home with the kid for 6 months with something like 70 % pay . 
  but you can kinda work around them and combine etc. 
  my mom stayed home on maternity leave for 5 years when me and my sisters were born . 
  she did n't resign or anything , she went back to work after we were born and her career actually pretty much skyrocketed afterwards . 
  someone actually likes mcdonald 's breakfast ? 
  where i 'm from it 's always `` let 's go to mcdonalds . . oh wait it 's only 8am there 's nothing but the shitty breakfast food lets wait a few hours '', 
  we need a name, 
  and male genital mutilation is still common in the u.s. 
  the 2nd to last season was even worse . 
  and i loved that show . 
  if you browse trackers it is, 
  this girl also does anal , at least in the movie tempted, 
  finland, 
  that 's weird but interesting . 
  it propably has a lot to do with the fact that mcdonalds serves pretty traditional american breakfast food . 
  in the u.s you can get a egg sausage muffin or whatever anywhere .
