  actually i have to use google for f -  c conversion almost daily while browsing reddit, 
  well 32f is 0c and one celsius degree is about 1,8 fahrenheits so it is n't that hard to figure out, 
  whenever i buy something from the grocery store that i have to weigh myself i cheat the prize down . 
  not much , but enough to make it fun . 
  i 've actually developed dozens of different ways of cheating . 
  i think a foot massage is propably the least non-sexual kind of massage but if he was a good enough friend so i knew he was n't trying to come on to me i do n't see a problem with it . 
  i would n't offer to give one , but if i was asked . 
  oh btw i forgot to mention if you look at the info column thingy on the right you 'll see a highness scale plug-in . 
  download that and you 'll see the reddit alien at different stages of highness instead of just a boring number , 
  i 'd like to know which drug gave you the inspiration for this, 
  not sure if serious . 
  the metric scale is ten times easier with calculations ( everything is in 10 's instead of 12 inches in feet , 3 ' in a yard , 1760yd in a mile etc ), 
  i 'm pretty sure that helium is more expensive than watermelon but other than that not a bad idea, 
  come over , 
  i normally do n't upvote any of these `` let 's vote me to the front page '' submissions but hey . 
  serious biz . 
  i never call my parents by their real name , just sounds wrong . 
  then again my parents call their parents mom and dad as well and they 're like 80 , so . . 
  oh and my parents refer to each other as mom and dad when speaking to us kids , it would sounds really strange if they used their first names when talking to us . 
  are you surprised that all women are evil, 
  no they do n't . 
  4gifs makes it 's own gifs . 
  the sources are often youtube videos from 4chan but the gifs are original . 
  also i 'm not sure if you meant they previously got them from jj.am or that they used to be jj.am but forgifs = 4gifs = jj.am, 
  oh i get it , i thought you were american and that the beginning of your sentence was a bit odd . 
  do n't ask me why , i have n't had any coffee, 
  so the bill was 9,95 and you paid with a 20 . 
  how did you not expect to get the most convenient change ( 10 and .05 ) back ? 
  i would had been like [ jackie chan ] ( http://nappa.kuvat.fi/jackie.jpg ) if i got anything else . 
  then again i live in a country where tips are n't customary so idk, 
  why the fuck would you launch emergency boats from a sinking ship at 5-24 % capacity ? 
  was everyone retarded back in 1912 ? 
  this is cool and everything and i have nothing but respect for these people but this is months old news . 
  i remember first reading about this about 2-3 weeks after the earthquakers and and that was 4 months ago . 
  i keep mine under 2 minutes . 
  well if i ever did call . 
  i average about 20 minutes of calls per month and around 600-800 sms, 
  wow that is amazing . 
  and really , really depressing . 
  well yeah i always use google ( search for `` x c in f '' ) but 1 degree above freezing point is pretty easy, 
  i know and, 
   was everyone retarded back in 1912 ? 
  i repeat my question, 
  the best thing is you can check it again whenever without having to call back . 
  especially for shopping lists , addresses etc, 
  drugs and boring ? 
  count me in, 
  i live in a country where one of these omgnazi parties just got a huge victory in the parliament elections ( finland ) . 
  the popularity has actually nothing to do racism . 
  i personally just believe we should n't take all these immigrants in . 
  i do n't think they 're worse people because of their skin or religion or anything , but there are a lot of problems that come with open immigration and we 're getting sucked down the shit pipe as many european countires have in the last 10 years if we do n't do something about it, 
  no they do n't . 
  they say it 's like talking german with a hot potato in your mouth . 
  but i 've never heard anyone call it difficult . 
  i do n't know why someone downvoted you but that 's a nice link . 
  as someone who speaks finnish as my native language these kind of things are interesting . 
  i never really studied any of this but i could use every single word on that page . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  you 're right it is n't completely open but majority of parties campaigned with promises to open it even further . 
  and yes there are some retarded technicalities and loopholes . 
  exactly the same thing here . 
  we just had a parliament election , you were either pro-immigration or a racist . 
  almost any use of the word you can think of has a different `` variant '' . 
  we do n't use separate prepositions or postpositions , they become part of the word . 
  for example some random picks :, 
  kauppa-mme-kin-ko : our store as well ? 
  ( ko makes it a question ), 
  kaupo-i-ssa-ni-kaan-ko : in my stores neither ? 
  when you combine all the different `` owners '' with all the different prepositions , plurals , questions etc and mix and match you get a ridiculous amount of words . 
  i 'm surprised though how mane there are but then again everything like `` han '' ( kaupa-kse-ni-ko-han = i wonder . . . . to become my store or i wonder . . . . for a store owned by me ) that only expresses a sort doubt is added to every alternative they already had thus multiplying them etc. 
  yes it is a double standard but you have to take into consideration that european nations have cultures that are thousands of years old . 
  the united states is a mix of all those cultures and immigrans already . 
  i 'm not taking a stand either way in the u.s immigration issue , just pointing out a difference in the situations . 
  i do n't know if it 's * the * highest cause that kinda varies between studies etc but yeah it 's definitely up there among the highest, 
  well i wo n't argue if 1917 is `` only '' or not but we did n't get invaded in 1940 & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  could have easily become ! = did become, 
  and no , it was n't, 
  what 's the name of that piano playing dude ? 
  i remember the vids , just cant remember the name to search him, 
  i know about winter war , but when was finland invaded ? 
  yes i do . 
  finland has n't been invaded in the 20th ( or 21st ) century, 
  those were some of the worst ggg 's i 've seen . 
  forced pic is forced . 
  thank you for expressing exactly how i feel about facebook, 
  all this is irrelevant , there was never a finnish s.s.r, 
  yeah they even teach this shit at school yet it does n't apply at all anymore . 
  maybe a few old school fanatics do this , but a vast majority of people have regular surnames . 
  why would you play the game then ? 
  this is the stupidest fucking thing i 've seen in ... well today . 
  please stop these `` please stop '' photos , i 've seen way more of this shit than actual blurred screenshots . 
  and besides blurred screenshots have a possibility of looking nice , these entertain no one . 
  i sure am glad i do n't live in a time when other people know how to dance that well, 
  i 'm not even that mad about them joking and laughing . 
  a joke is a joke , even if it 's macabre . 
  what i did get pissed about is `` it 's not the same ! '' . 
  yes if fucking is . 
  i 'd take freezing cold over this bullshit any day, 
  that 's all cool but, 
   upload to the web .
