  you could play 1000 hours and still have no idea what you 're doing . 
  i frequently run into players who lack the knowledge of basic fundamentals and when i check their steam profile see they have thousands of hours in the game . 
  smb3 is kind of a bad example since the gameplay mechanics of the genre were pretty much perfected at that point and even graphically it looks the same as most platformers that came out in 2015 . 
  it feels like it was a lot of people 's first rpg . 
  people who criticize or dislike skyrim typically compare it to other tes games and other popular titles in the genre . 
  people who praise skyrim typically applaud aspects of the game that to be honest can be found in most role playing games . 
   each dungeon in skyrim was handcrafted and some featured some really unique things, 
  yeah and then they were all filled with the same draugrs, 
  or the `` virtual market '' which i 'm assuming is referencing the p2w fut mode, 
   leveling up is a mystery, 
  what ? 
  stats you level up are `` vitality '' `` endurance '' `` strenght '' etc. 
  and both the cost of the level up and the cost of the next level up is clearly displayed . 
  you choose what stats to put points into and accept . 
  what is mysterious about it ? 
  there is n't even a level cap, 
   i had to consult the faqs numerous times to figure out what each stat does, 
  strange how i was able to beat the game blind . 
  maybe the problem is n't the game but your brain ? 
   there is no easy to follow guide to any of that info . 
  since when do you need a guide to play a video game ? 
  i wish i could get addicted to it . 
  diablo 3 has huge flaws but whenever i started playing it ( once at launch , once with expansion , once when seasons started ) i 'd play well into the night day after day for some unjustifiable reason . 
  i see the passive system and the gear etc. 
  of poe and immidiately recognize it as a better designed game but it 's just so boring . 
  combat is even more repetetive than in other games of the genre and the feeling of progress is almost nonexistant . 
  but i did make mistakes . 
  it did n't stop me from beating the game despite being extremely unoptimized . 
  there was nothing `` mysterious '' about the process , i just had n't beaten the game yet so i did n't know which stats were best . 
  this is a part of learning how to play a video game . 
  you should n't know which stat is the best the first time you play a game through . 
  that does n't make it `` mysterious '' . 
  if you actually played ss or xcom you 'd know those games were just as `` obscure '' and `` unclear '' . 
  it 's just that figuring stuff out used to be good game design in the 90s and in the era of objective markerts it suddenly becomes `` obscure and unclear '' . 
  what century are you living in ? 
  because finns are a mix of scandinavian , saami and slavic heritage, 
  yeah [ boobpedia ] ( http://www.boobpedia.com/boobs/anissa_kate ) agrees and i would too just by the look of them . 
  do n't know why people are downvoting you , maybe they do n't want to accept that natural tits can be big too, 
  yeah but finns do look like mongols tho, 
   nice place, 
  pick one, 
  if the factory new simply had a silver barrel but kept the brighter blue/red it 'd be superior to both current fn or bs though, 
  k. dubai was the only location mentioned by name in the commend thread, 
  what about one of those flying squirrel type of suits ? 
   do n't expect a playable ps3/x360 emulator anytime soon . 
  yeah the sad truth . 
  i love emulators but if i believed everything on this sub i 'd think ps4/xbone emulators are out `` right around the corner '', 
  a muslim shithole without culture in the middle of the desert, 
  skyscrapers look cool in post cards , that 's about it, 
  do n't include the name of the game in the title - one of top comments asking what game it is, 
  include the name of the game in the title - one of top comments asking what game it is, 
  well if your idea of a fun vacation is to be quaranteed from locals in a soulless city because for them alcohol carries a prison sentence and women do n't have basic human rights then go on ahead, 
  i like traveling to places where i can actually get to know locals and enjoy the culture, 
  as a kid we had a pretty good team so for some summer tournament we split up to two teams and both got in the finals, 
  for some strange reason the organizer threw a hissy fit and the match was n't officially even played . 
  they just gave us the medals and left . 
  we had to get our own referee just to play the final match, 
  how is that racist ? 
  i did n't say it 's a shithole because it 's a muslim country . 
  i said it 's a shithole and it 's a muslim country . 
  \\  implying plebbit/normies/cuck / brainwash is a meme, 
  i thought trump 's candidacy was a publicity stunt for some new tv show, 
  yes and yes, 
  it 's just not commonly used because it 's pretty big waste of energy + you see which direction it 's gon na go 3 seconds in advance . 
  if you only cared about getting the ball as far away as possible this is a legit method . 
  the rules do n't mention the somersault . 
  it just happens to not break any rules . 
  both feet are planted laterally when the throw happens just like in a normal one, 
  just like there 's no disadvantage when playing football with holes in the pitch , basketball with curvy water damaged flooring or hockey on melting ice but for some strange reason they do n't do that either, 
  did they actually eat that ? 
  i mean it 's clearly unacceptable to serve that but i doubt they were force feeding anyone and if a player desides to put that in their mouth they kinda have to blame themselves if they get sick, 
  it 's been 148 games since he last played on a hero other than slark . 
  and yes , it was because the enemy stole it . 
  last time he played something other than slark and slark was n't on enemy team was 208 games ago and he went 0/9/14, 
  e. ok it was a support zeus , i guess it 's kinda impressive he did n't get a single ks tbh, 
  what is communication, 
  i wish you could get the dragon slave effect as a gem or something . 
  i love playing lina and the effect is really cool but i also like to play dress up and there are so many better hats than the arcana, 
  i used to have the wizard hat for the longest time but recently switched to [ magnificent flame ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d5ebsjs.jpg ) . 
  i love them both tho , too bad i ca n't switch back and forth since i put my winter-chan signature on this one . 
  sorry but how is this `` woahdude '' ? 
  have you people never baked anything at home ? 
   ( cue long arguments over who was the furthest back ), 
  goalie comes forward and gets juked . 
  defender is now behind him and dives to save since he is now closer to the goal . 
  spend rest of the recess arguing, 
  all joke answers aside milhouse will never be a meme, 
  well there 's a skip button which is equivelant to what we used to get in source 1, 
  yeah but s1 did n't have any anticipation either . 
  you just clicked open chest and got the pop up `` new item received '' . 
   have you tried binding it to any other key binding ? 
  yes i tried spacebar and it works just fine . 
  i 'm using windows 8.1, 
  yeah i tried that first without results but actually i just got it working . 
  i bound the tilde key to something through settings menu , then went back to user_keys_slot0 . vcfg , saw that instead of '' \u00a7 '' ( like in the button ) or '' \\ '' ( like in source 1 ) it was `` section_sign '' then copied that to my autoexec . 
  this method should work for all non-english keyboards . 
  on a related note \u00c5 shows up as `` a_with_ring_above '' top kek, 
  honestly i think it 's the opposite . 
  people hate when the developer actually knows what the dlc is because basically it means it 's already done but just cut out to monetize . 
  saying you have no clue means it 's dlc because it does n't exist yet .
