  really the media makes the `` deep web '' sound much more exotic than it is . 
  some people were probably expecting a view out of matrix , instead they are regular web pages just hosted a little differently and no government interference . 
  you do n't need to be a hacker or a wizard computer criminal to access them . 
  almost nobody sells f2f ( face to face ) on the deep web . 
  the purchases are usually mailed , some agree to leave the product in a `` hole '' for you to retrieve if you do n't want to use the postal service and live in the same city . 
  payment is done with bitcoins ( no trace ) . 
  i 've only ordered via mail and never had a problem . 
  if the police decided to order the drugs via mail they would only be giving the seller business . 
  there 's no way to track the user other than possibly finding out his city from the postage stamps used . 
  that does n't get you far . 
  we used to have a few finnish sellers on silk road and black market reloaded as well but nowadays they 're all on the `` finnish silk road '' . 
  i 'm assuming other european countries have a similiar service if you look for it . 
  nothing . 
  what 's the best they could get out of it ? 
  it 's not easy to track sellers nor buyers on the deep web . 
  yeah i started by ordering some weed as well . 
  if you read up on the technology it 's much less scary than buying from a person you 've never met `` offline '' . 
  at least there 's customer reviews . 
  while i 'm all for taking precautions i do n't think it 's possible to get into any trouble by using the above url . 
  tor2web is not safe . 
  it 's for viewing only . 
  i would never use it if i were to do business on the web , but if i was just browsing there 's no reason not to use it . 
  home . 
  causes less suspicions . 
  never had any issues , you ca n't smell it through the package and as long as you do n't go through customs they do n't check what 's in the mail . 
  the year 2011 , that resolution and ie do n't add up . 
  you really notice the caffeine in coke/pepsi ? 
  i 've never felt the effect and i 'm not an avid coffee/energy drink drinker either . 
  oh i know that . 
  i 'm just wondering why someone in 2011 used this setup that reminds me of the late 90s . 
  i do n't live in the uk but salt & vinegar chips ( crisps ) are the best british invention i can think of, 
   the french , they still whack out their chequebook to pay for shopping at the supermarket , it 's bizzare, 
  americans still use cheques as well and act like it 's totally normal . 
  i personally have never seen a cheque in europe even though i have spent time in france . 
  i had heard of cheques in old books etc. 
  but it was like reading about the industrial revolution or prohibition or something . 
  i go to wal-mart and the lady in front of me was holding up the line writing a cheque . 
  it was like walking into a renaissance fair . 
   because people do n't throw garbage on the tracks when the garbage cans were full . 
  why would anyone ever do that ? 
  i 'd understand dropping it on the ground or throwing the trash in a corner or something but onto the tracks ? 
  why ? 
  uk has card transaction fees ? 
  that sounds about as weird as the americans and their `` receiving a text message fee '', 
  my twitch player on mobile blocks ads by default . 
  i never fiddled with it or installed anything additional to block them , it just does it . 
  linus held a speech on our first week of school . 
  i do n't know if he does it every year since it 's the school/department he gratuated from himself . 
  seemed like a nice guy , gave some tips on what he thought are smart things to study right now . 
  did n't get to ( or try to ) talk to him one on one though . 
  120oz is what ? 
  i often drink two bottles a day as well . 
  i do n't notice a difference between sodas that do n't have caffeine ( fruity stuff ) and coke . 
  the amount of caffeine in coke is so tiny , it 's like 100mg per litre or something like that . 
  drinking an big bottle of coke is the equivelant of one small cup of coffee . 
  i do n't know about you but one cup of coffee would n't affect my sleep . 
   colleges are businesses , too, 
  american colleges are businesses , too . 
  yeah i 've never had any issues with it . 
  i 'm sure `` actual '' lube designed especially for that purpose is `` better '' but vaseline often just happens to be handy and it works just fine . 
  only in the land of the free could abortion be considered `` politics '' . 
  that 's why i would never order from a seller in the states . 
   price less than a pound ? 
  check, 
  this is what really shocked me . 
  we have similiar shitty magazines in finland but they 're all around 5 $ or more . 
  is a magazine for less than a pound normal in the uk ? 
  are they filled with ads like free newspapers ? 
  how many pages are there ? 
  did n't you know reddit is a secret club ? 
  these are old . 
  i remember seeing the first one and i have n't subbed to f7u12 in at least 2 years . 
  you can probably find them with karmadecay . 
  e. http://www.reddit.com/user/bigcheese08/submitted/, 
  it was a forced meme . 
  it was created just to be a `` secret phrase '' for redditors . 
  that 's why it was always so lame , not only is the joke le random and awkward it does n't even have a proper backstory . 
  it 's a shitty secret password for a site that does n't need one . 
  if anything reddit has gotten worse over time . 
  but there was a large rise of popularity a few years ago with the invention of `` rage comics '' and the popularity of advice animals which brought a lot of new users to the site . 
  mostly younger users . 
  this coupled with the fact that the reddit admins did n't really change the default subreddits around that much ( we used to have r/atheism , r/politics , / r/adviceanimals etc. 
  on the front page for years ) made a lot of the older users to move to non-default subreddits . 
  now the admins have started changing the default subs around a lot more actively which has brought many new types of humour and content to the front page . 
  some people are afraid that these subs will be the new adviceanimals etc. 
  and that any sub is doomed if it becomes a default . 
  while not necessarily wrong it 's still a lot better than having the front page full of shit and the `` proper reddit '' hidden behind an invisible wall . 
  at least now you can tell people about reddit without the whole `` but do n't mind the stuff you see on the front page it gets a lot better '' bit . 
  http://www.randalolson.com/2013/03/12/retracing-the-evolution-of-reddit-through-post-data/ this is a good post if you 're interested in the evolution of reddit . 
  you can see in 2012 around 10 % of reddit posts were of f7u12 . 
  so you could argue there was a period where cancer was even more prevalent than it is now . 
  this guy says he 's older than college-age . 
  big difference . 
  `` text '', 
  day of the tentacle for me . 
  remember the time you could play proper games with couch co-op and not only dumbed down kiddy games ? 
  pepperidge farm remembers ( and pretty much everyone else who owned a 360 five years ago ) . 
  lol @ the downvote circlejerk brigade but if you 're really paying 50-60 a year for gold you should know a 12 + ( usually 12 +1 or 12 +3 ) month prepaid card is about 20-22 euros ( 25ish dollars ) online . 
  only an idiot would buy gold straight from the xbox . 
  you do realize how time zones work ?
