  i did n't say those things are only eaten outside anglo countries . 
  but not all games support borderless window which makes alt-tabbing to read chat messages a bitch . 
  it 's a limited edition vintage pepe, 
  i think you misspelled obnoxious, 
  for situations like this the alt-click movement is a lifesaver, 
  in reborn the option was renamed to, 
  cl_dota_alt_unit_movetodirection `` 1 '', 
  i also missed an arcana by about 10 pixels this morning on my first spin so i 'm getting a feeling it 's like how those scratch off tickets are always one away from jackpot . 
  yes at least with shift queue, 
  nobody can tell who it is -  nobody will buy the photos -  paparazzis get an easier target . 
  and salty instead of sweet, 
  i was thinking of a partner who wants to provide for someone suffering from hiv . 
  kinda like some morbidly obese have `` feeders '' . 
  jaa t\u00e4\u00e4 on se jaajo . 
  no pathing . 
  it goes straight towards the click until there 's an object in the way and stops . 
  it 's useful for situations like a fissure blocking the way so you can just click on the other side of it and it wo n't try to find a way around, 
  you need to enable it in the console/autoexec though, 
  cl_dota_alt_unit_movetodirection `` 1 '', 
   chicks are not bugs, 
  the difference is not that significant, 
  how 's your first day on reddit so far ? 
  i get that . 
  i just do n't think a newborn chick is on a significantly `` higher '' level of thought compared to a bug . 
  how can it be offside when the effectively the defender passed him the ball ? 
  the way to fix this is to stop telling them what time you got ta wake up . 
  i does n't have shit to do with ellen . 
  whoever took this screenshot picked it . 
  i was expecting there to be some unexpected ending since this is like the oldest fucking trick in the book seen in every kids ' magic show for decades . 
  but he had an enemy on his screen and a spell off cooldown, 
  same with laguna . 
  they damage from either can actually be avoided in that quarter second time period after hitting, 
  he disconnects between the gg and the ancient falling . 
  it 's still after the gg so who gives a fuck and what 's douchy about it ? 
  disconnecting before the gg would be a rage quit not after it, 
  eg being good and na dota being shit are n't mutually exclusive, 
  secret at ti was secret 2.0, 
  what 's baffling about it ? 
  all you need to know are the 6.86 patch notes . 
  it 's not like there 's this complex combination of spells and items in effect here , it 's just how one ulti by one hero works . 
  i 'm not american and i find it hard to understand . 
  what 's gained by this ? 
  do you not trust your police officers in norway ? 
  is it not worth it to arm them even if say one in a thousand ever has need for it ? 
  better to have it and not need it than vice versa . 
  i 'd never want the police in my country not to be armed . 
  besides is n't there somewhat long hunting traditions in norway ? 
  i know in finland and sweden hunting rifles and shotguns are n't uncommon in rural areas . 
  i live in finland myself and find unarmed police officers a joke . 
  if you ca n't trust someone with a gun they should n't be made a police officer in the first place . 
  it 's a terrible decision but an apt opportunity to circlejerk about muh yurop, 
  the attitudes of people surely make a difference but i ca n't understand why you think the total population makes a difference . 
  us has more police officers and military spending per capita too if it had to be done `` the hard way '' . 
  this is not a ranked game though, 
  and if that happened me , the 10 or so people on my friend 's list and tens of thousands of others who wo n't touch unranked with a ten foot pole would n't buy the compendium . 
  your comment is bad and you should feel bad . 
  the problem is anyone can make a new account for free not valve 's lack of resources . 
  it 's a business . 
  do you think valve cares more about the people who pay them money or the ones who do n't ? 
  i 'm not sure why i 'm getting downvoted for stating an obvious fact , the challenges are a huge part of the appeal of compendiums and if people could n't do them less people would buy the thing . 
  this looks like one of those redesigns that happened across the nhl around 2005ish that got reverted a few years later because nobody liked the new logos . 
  of course it 's a vague estimate i pulled out of my ass , that 's why it 's not even trying to be a specific number . 
  i also never implied you do n't have one and have no clue where you got that idea . 
  i never played unranked myself , i was just pointing that out since he was talking about ranked . 
  his suggestion would have zero effect on op 's situation . 
  then what is it ? 
  i just ca n't see an upside to not having them armed even if they never have to use their weapon . 
  all of those apply fully here in finland too and every police officer is armed . 
  nobody fears police officers simply because they have the tools necessary for their job and they give directions and pose for photos etc etc, 
  in case they ever do ? 
  better to carry it for 50 years and not need it than not have one when in need no matter how unlikely . 
  of course not . 
  all i 'm saying is the total population does n't make any difference . 
  attitudes of the people do whether it 's 3 million or 300 . 
  i was talking of the only hypothetical scenario where numbers do make a difference and how it would be the ratio , not sheer volume . 
  besides all that patriotic bullshit you spouted is totally irrelevant , it 's the same deal in practically every country . 
  and the bigger you go the less difference it makes . 
  3 and 30 are an entirely different case but when we 're talking millions of people it stops mattering how many exactly . 
  arming police officers and having strict gun laws for civilians are n't related in the slightest . 
  please do n't try to turn this into hurr durr amerifats get free bullets with 12 pack of beer i 'm not american either and the world is n't america vs the rest . 
  because it does n't hurt to be prepared ? 
  if a situation does n't require one you do n't have to use it , end of story . 
  if you ca n't trust someone not to use it he 's not fit to be police . 
  yes , it does . 
  your country has a military does n't it ? 
  are you currently in any wars ? 
  some things does not mean all things , i ca n't believe i have to explain this to an adult . 
  as long as people can travel between countries your culture does n't mean jack shit . 
  if losing your weapon is a realistic risk you 're not fit to be a police officer . 
  or i could just take that $ 100 and buy more cheetos and virtual dresses for my video game characters, 
  yeah and laws ca n't be broken , right ? 
  you do realize why the police exists in the first place ? 
  anywhere in eu you can just walk across the border with zero checks to you , your car or your luggage . 
  how hard do you really think it is to take a weapon with you ? 
  but i guess it 's against the law so no reason to worry about it or be prepared for someone not obeying it . 
  or just do n't have facebook . 
   that is n't to say that some rogue criminal wo n't carry a gun, 
  yeah and this is exactly what i 'm saying . 
  general consensus does n't matter much when the police run into that one rogue criminal . 
  and in my ( and many others ' outside the liberal circlejerk that is reddit ) opinion a police officer carrying a gun for 40 years until retirement and never needing it is a lesser evil than an officer not having a gun that one time when it could save theirs or a civilian 's life .
