   he should be able, 
  well he * is * able . 
  i 'm not saying he should be banned from facebook . 
  i 'm just saying it 's pretty embarassing . 
  are you surprised a community obsessed with memes would post content from the birthplace of all memes ? 
  well nothing has changed . 
  except they backpedaled on the used games thing and agreed to sell it without kinect . 
  but regardless it 's still pretty much a shittier ps4 . 
  yeah all my friends had xbox 360 's ( about 20 people ) and i remember the night of e3 2013 when a bunch of us were watching it live for the announcements and that was the night we also decided to switch to ps4 next gen. 
  the ps4 has outdone both ps3 and ps2 in sales for the first two years . 
  do n't forget most people do n't buy consoles at launch . 
  especially kids who get them as presents . 
   compare the numbers consoles are pulling this gen compared to past 2 gens and there is a pretty obvious trend . 
  you mean how 2 years after launch ps4 has sold 29 million units compared to the 17 million ps3 sold in the same time ? 
  even if you include next christmas ps3 only sold 21m and the figures for ps4 are n't even in yet . 
  so far the ps4 has outsold not only ps3 but ps2 and ps1 as well . 
  you 're forgetting that a lot of people only buy consoles towards the end of their life cycle after multiple price cuts . 
  the ps2 for example sold 155m total units but that 's because as late as 2011 , over a decade after its launch , they were still selling 6 million units a year . 
  no one is saying the man is wrong . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  24 hours a day *, 
  shackle nice spell, 
  i can call your mother a whore to your face all day and you 're still just as much guilty of murder if you snap and kill me for it . 
  `` provocation '' is no excuse . 
  i absolutely loved 2 . 
  i think it had the superior races . 
  it did n't have the same flashy pop up messages and slow-mos and point system but still had similiar mechanics of detailed collision physics and pushing your opponents into oncoming cars or track obstacles . 
  what made me like it was that the game was n't just about that . 
  it was a high speed racing game with really nice looking crashes . 
  3 and afterwards were more like crash simulators where the race itself was just an afterthought . 
  the tracks were designed as a series of traps rather than racing tracks and the actual race to the finish was n't as interesting because the winning strategy was always just to hit everything you see . 
  in burnout 2 the ways to get boost were drifting , near misses and driving on the incoming lane ( unless i forget something ) . 
  it was a balance of driving well and using the boost advantage from driving well to knock your opponents off the road . 
  you did n't get boost for takedowns , the reward for succesfully pulling off one was that the enemy crashed and you got a lead in the race . 
  in burnout 3 the main way to get boost was takedowns . 
  you hit other cars to go faster to hit more cars . 
  it was more repetetive and there was really no strategy to it . 
  just hit everything you see all the time and end up in 1st place . 
  the crash mode of 3 was by far superior to the one in 2 though . 
  and the takedown slow-mos did look cool . 
  e. also the burnout chain mechanic that was in 2 but lost in the sequels was fucking badass . 
  to be fair that is an extreme example . 
  i 'm not against implementing it , i 'm just saying do n't expect a difference like that when you go to dust2 or any other competetive pool map . 
  none of them have places like that where you 're staring at the skybox . 
  yeah but ps4 has gone down too, 
  yeah but you can do that anywhere in the world regardless of the marijuana laws, 
  look at me i married a [ slut ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jxpzx3e.jpg ) type of humblebrag ? 
  yeah who would n't dream of that `` experienced '' roastie on their wedding night . 
  i think dota is more popular than lol in finland . 
  i do n't personally know anyone who plays lol but wc3 dota was big and dota2 is not uncommon . 
  though it 's notable counterstrike is like 100 times more popular than both combined and has been since before steam . 
   not that many players, 
  is n't it a little early to say that considering the fucking movie is n't even out yet ? 
  it 's still like saying basketball is a niche sport or not a lot of people listen to rock music since radio stations play more pop . 
  csgo has never even come close to the unique monthly players of dota2 but even if it did it has absolutely no effect on my point . 
  would you currently say `` not many people play csgo '' ? 
  because i sure as hell would n't . 
  they 're both in the top3 of the most played games in the world . 
  the steam controller seems like utter garbage tbh, 
  that 's like asking if rts games are more fun with a keyboard and mouse . 
  how old are you ? 
  i 'm not asking because lol is a kids game lmao xd but because it probably makes a difference whether the people we 're talking about were around to remember when dota 1 was popular . 
  vanilla wc3 was a big mainstream title at the time and dota with it . 
  i personally only played wc3 ladder but i remember people talking about dota all the time in school and internet etc. 
  i thought it was a grappy gimmicky feature that obviously was never going to work and was n't looking forward to seeing all the `` i 'm xxx mmr but my main hero ... '' posts so i 'm glad it got scrapped . 
  i do n't really understand this logic . 
  i do n't agree with it either . 
  fixing a match is wrong . 
  it 's unforgivable and i think the correct punishment is to ban them permanently from the pro scene . 
  but denying it ? 
  of course they denied it . 
  it 's like in real life if you go to court and get interrogated etc. 
  you have the right to lie . 
  you do not have to incriminate yourself . 
  you ca n't be further punished for not confessing . 
  it is your right to deny and say you are innocent even if you are guilty . 
  and that 's how it should be . 
  only in shit tier countries like the us, 
  the actual kick is at 18:47 if i 'm not mistaken, 
  i 'm not friends with poor people, 
  you are n't funny . 
  kill yourself . 
  they 've clearly forgotten about this gem from 1996, 
  it 's a nice idea but to be completely honest i 'd rather have an experienced politician who knows the law and all the lizard people customs that goes into politics to be my representative . 
  knowing how to act in a warzone has little to do with what defense minister 's daily activities are . 
  yeah but what is `` religious practices '' ? 
  if i love my beard why ca n't i claim it 's my religion to love my beard without belonging to some organized and recognized religious group ? 
  protected religious practices are bullshit , every soldier should have the same rules regardless of their background . 
  yeah but a defense minister does n't actually conduct military operations . 
  their job is mainly networking , preparing budgets and listening to reports and lobbyists . 
  d-dog [ was outdone ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iukkzif.jpg ) long before it even came to existence . 
  too many people have been playing pc games for the past 5 years and are used to games that do n't look like play-doh . 
   i 'm well aware that other recent games look better , but fallout 4 still looks good . 
  but it does n't . 
  you keep repeating that it `` does n't blow gta5 out of the water '' ( and gta5 is 2 years old btw ) but it 's not that it is n't the best looking game out there . 
  it 's a really bad looking game for an aaa title in 2015 . 
  not every game has to be the best looking game ever and i 'm still going to play it if it looks like shit as long as the quests are good but that does n't mean its sub-par graphical fidelity should just be accepted without a word . 
  gta5 came out 2 years ago . 
  the pc release was just higher resolution , 60fps and some added foliage . 
  oh wow you must be some kind of internet detective,
