  then again 4chan has discussion smarter than 95 % of reddit ( 99 if you count by subredddit size ) but people who 've only visited it once or better yet never visited it but heard about it from an article or a friend think it 's anonymous circlejerk and meme frogs . 
  4chan is n't just / b /, 
  bpt was better, 
  i 'm on mobile so i ca n't provide you with a direct url but try to search for the top voted posts ~ 3 months from the start of the sub . 
  or even everything except the last 3 months . 
  it did n't used to be le le le mixtape is fire dragon ball z fam laughing emoji drops the mic . 
  it was hilarious until it started making the front page regularly and attracted too much people who by no means meant bad but inevitably dilluted the content from what it originally was . 
  this has happened to every borderline obscure sub on reddit that 's gained popularity and is n't heavily moderated like askscience etc. 
  bpt is n't or at least was n't started as a racist sub . 
  think about black comedians , many of them have a somewhat similar style that 's very popular . 
  someone like dave chappelle or even eddie murphy or a wide range of smaller acts are really funny even if you 're not black and the jokes are written as if they were `` for fellow black people '' . 
  bpt ( originally , i 'm not defending it 's current state ) was like that . 
  a type of harsh comedy that was different from what we 're used to . 
  black people of america have their own subculture ( s ) and if anything it 'd be racist to deny that or say that you ca n't laugh at that type of humor if you are n't black yourself . 
  yeah because the top voted posts sorted by pure score will naturally have more posts the more subscribers the sub had at the monent . 
  try to find like a 1000 point post from 6 months ago when it was still a relatively obscure community and not a 10,000 point post from when the userbase had grown 100x and most of the people submitting were just milking it for internet points with shitty rehashes . 
  the rule # 1 of that sub is everyone is black in the comment section . 
  it 's a part of the joke . 
  that 's the secret . 
  reddit was always shit . 
  are you talking about previous official games ? 
  because im pretty sure this is about the practice games at ti, 
  banning him from all events seems like the least they should do , who could disagree with that ? 
  the other half of the tweet is valve 's reaction since the data originally meant just for broadcasters got shared to the teams, 
  also note that he 's not just another `` csgo streamer '' but a pro in one of the top teams, 
  i 've used premiere for, 
   import footage, 
   clip out the sections of footage you want to use, 
   recombine that footage back to back into a final edit, 
   add remove audio, 
  and it worked great , took like 5 minutes even though i never used it before . 
  fuck your intergalactic laws . 
  coke is often a 100 over here and with no guarantee on quality, 
  i 'm supreme too and found a game on resort within 3-5 minutes every time ( ~ 5 times ) i 've tried to play it . 
  yeah one game on a map he was very likely to be playing for the first time really is a good indicator of true skill, 
  if you queue for just train ( i only have experiene with a 5 stack ) you find a game just as quickly as any other map barring d2 and mirage . 
   betting your rank, 
  lol ranks srs bsns, 
  til people actually do these missions, 
  i never solo queue and so far have n't heard anyone mention a single word about them . 
  \\  making assumptions where the player was aiming based on a demo, 
  what did i miss ? 
  why did run boosts suddenly become a thing ? 
  i know they 've existed for a long time but it used to be some funny clip once every 3 months , now i see them every day and even people i play with intentionally use them all the time . 
  yes although to be honest i 'm more of a fan of the # 2 top post https://zippy.gfycat.com/untimelylimpcanadagoose.webm, 
  that makes no sense . 
  the thing that matters is the combination of your dpi and sens ( and windows settings but it should be constant ) . 
  setting sens to 1 and only adjusting dpi serves no purpose except to make your life more difficult . 
  you 're so deep in denial it 's hilarious, 
  tfw your mouse 's sensor ( avago adns-3310 ) has a blank spot for optimal dpi, 
  though i probably would n't change it from 800 since that 's very nice for desktop use and 800@1 is a good sens that i wo n't forget even if i lost my configs, 
  yeah me neither except when i was a kid i played a few rounds of like cs 1.2 or maybe even as early as beta days on my friend 's older brother 's computer who was showing off his wallhack . 
  it was some public server and not a match and i really only did it for like 10 minutes but i just remember thinking even then `` what 's the point ? '', 
  while he was headshotting with the deagle through walls and laughing . 
  what bracket is that ? 
  i worked myself up from 1.5 k and even there people pulled camps or asked you to pull camps for them . 
  you and everyone else who visits this site, 
  why do you use `` mm '' for apparently meaning `` solo queue '' . 
  i never queue without 5 in the lobby and inferno is just fine in mm . 
  only difference is 64 tick hitreg . 
  it 's hard when there 's a guy in graveyard or on site but if it 's 1-on-1 apps vs. guy in pit i consider that a much easier trade for the terrorist , especially if it 's ak-47 vs m4 . 
  when i get a kill with the 5-7 i feel like i played well . 
  when i get a kill with the tec-9 i feel like i got lucky . 
  that translates to `` damn i let my guard down '' or `` fucking valve casual fucking noobs adding shitty russian fuck '' when i die to one of the two . 
  that 's a stupid reasoning . 
  64 tick does n't suck because it gives your opponent an edge like you 're insinuating . 
  64 tick sucks because it makes hitreg less reliable and the game overall less fun to play . 
  compare it to real sports , playing football on a field with bumps everywhere and slippery spots with mud instead of grass sucks for everyone . 
  it does n't make it any more fun or `` ok '' that the opponent has to suffer from it too . 
  how to spot a gold nova, 
  actually the game was picking up popularity already when valve introduced the skins . 
  yes it would be nowhere near what it is now but it was n't dead when arms deal update came and it would 've kept growing regardless . 
   i 've had several occurrences of beating an awper with the sg , even at insane ranges like pit to a site on dust2 . 
  yeah and i 've had several occurances of beating an awper with an ak , even at instane ranges like pit to a site . 
  is ak now a better gun until someone else comes along claiming they did it with a scout ? 
  it 's funny how in denial you have to be to keep telling yourself that everyone in the pro scene is `` boosting their self esteem by not using the cod gun '' . 
  and do n't give me the `` they 're just used to ak '' bullshit . 
  the tec-9 gets and 5-7 get tons of use , as does the scar-20 , mag-7 and other guns that would 've never been used in 1.6 . 
  yet these people paid to find ways to win at counter-strike never use the sg in a professional setting . 
  http://www.hltv.org/?pageid=181&amp;gameid=2 look at the weapon statistics . 
  the top 10 players all have 0-10 lifetime kills with the sg with most having 0 . 
  claiming it 's just a `` self esteem boost '' is totally ridiculous . 
   but people say it 's hard because it 's different from the ak, 
  sg has been in the game since early betas and both the ak recoil and sg recoil and handling were reworked completely for csgo where both were present at launch . 
  you 're speaking like the sg was a recent addition to a game where everyone was already used to ak . 
  that it 's not just old habits and superstition, 
  you have to verify your email to get past 10 minutes . 
  that 's the only requirement . 
  yeah how dare people over the age of 15 spend time with their parents . 
  do n't they know it 's totally lame and uncool to be seen with your mom ugh . 
  well this is awkward, 
  but csgo has seen the rise of many weapons that were n't popular in 1.6, 
  the autosniper was a total waste of money , now it 's a legitimate purchase . 
  any pistol other than deagle was fucking around , now there 's a wide selection . 
  nobody would ever buy a shotgun other than to humiliate opponents , now top teams use them in major tournaments . 
  even smgs might get picked up outside of 2nd round . 
  famas and galil saw use in both 1.6 and even more in csgo despite getting added to the game much later than the ak and m4 . 
  i do n't get how people can see pros adapt to all these other new weapons and then go on to claim that the only reason sg is unpopular is it 's new . 
  it 's not a coincidence nobody uses it in pro matches . 
   you can see the ranks are pretty much a joke,
