  it 's slimy in your mouth . 
  neither the texture or the taste is pleasing . 
  no thank you . 
  excess fat was removed ? 
  what was there left to eat ? 
  huge fan . 
  thanks for everything . 
  why did you turn down commando 2/die hard ? 
  looking back how do you feel about your decision ? 
  this article just screams america . 
  and what 's up with those teeth exposing smiles ? 
  i ca n't even do one in front of the mirror , feels so awkward . 
  i see someone has n't played united offensive . 
  guess who just got trolled . 
  downvoted . 
  do n't give them attention, 
  i 'm not american though and for me it was exotic . 
  finland . 
  i do n't remember much of the main dish , it was okay i guess . 
  but it was the appetizers that got me . 
  i think i got like two orders of appetizers and a third one for dessert :d, 
  make up ? 
  i see someone was bullied as a kid, 
  i have the opposite memories . 
  axe was something you 'd never admit to wearing unless you were a `` countrysider '' or `` someone who goes to vocational school '' . 
  i understand these insults/stereotypes might not translate well to english . 
  i think the closest equivalent for both would be `` redneck '', 
  colorado had like 4 missed open nets . 
  i 'm glad you did n't feel like scoring today . 
  but i 'm also worried about b\u00e4ckstr\u00f6m 's performance . 
  too easy, 
  sun is overrated, 
  am i the only wild fan not too excited about heatley ? 
  yes , he scored two goals yesterday . 
  lucky goals but it takes a goal scorer to be in the right place at the right time . 
  however he rarely seems to be giving a 100 % effort . 
  he does absolutely nothing defensively . 
  yeah he 's a forward but wild 's other top forwards ( koivu , parise , granlund , setoguchi , bouchard , clutterbuck ) all work hard both ways . 
  he plays like that kid in the juniors who got his growth spurt before the other boys and slacks off because he can . 
  i 'm glad someone took the time to respond instead of just downvoting . 
  to be honest i was n't stating it as a fact , just as an observation . 
  you 're probably correct about a lot of things , we 'll have to wait and see . 
  [ listeting to music on a cell phone loudspeaker ] ( http://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/jtv_user_pictures/roflwafflesftw2-profile_image-74b6d1cf46fb12f4-300x300.jpeg ), 
  what ? 
  all the adults attending my classes are the ones actually paying attention/making notes while young people ( myself included ) either do n't show up or browse cat pictures on our smartphones . 
  is there a site or a youtube channel or something where i could view all the sc2 related cinematics that they 've showed during bwc and elsewhere ? 
  they 're really cool . 
  kossu is shit . 
  like all finnish vodka . 
  even finns buy russian vodka . 
  or estonian if they 're poor . 
  you should live in a communist country like finland . 
  funemployment is the shit . 
  i do n't even want a job because low salary jobs end up paying about the same as government aid for not doing anything and good jobs require too much time and responsibility . 
  that 's what they want you to think . 
  bad for foreign relationships . 
   giroux is such a great guy i ca n't not hate him, 
  what ? 
  [ still the best picture of sel\u00e4nne ever ] ( http://i19.photobucket.com/albums/b154/spyboy1/tsg%20blog/selannewildwing-1.png ), 
  granlund was n't given much space or time either . 
  that 's what set his goal apart from all the other similiar ones and what a lot of people do n't seem to understand . 
  he did it at full speed after dodging two defenders ( of the russian national team ) and with absolutely no set-up like you usually see . 
  serious question though is it really necessary to wait a day ? 
  does it make a difference if you only let it rise for a few hours ? 
  how shitty cheap ( amercan ) keys work *, 
  i 've never seen that sort of lock outside the usa . 
  granted i have n't been to every country in the world but anywhere else i 've paid attention to locks they are much more secure . 
  i hate to be the one to tell you this but he died from his injuries on the way to the hospital . 
  at least they got santa claus right . 
  the blue in swedish and finnish flags is totally off though . 
  it 's surprisingly common to use that light blue for finland , i do n't know why . 
  the rest of the europe seems very accurate with their colouring . 
   has a problem with, 
   accepted, 
  and you retort with `` by law he can ... '', 
  just because you can do something does n't mean you should, 
  the full vid is on empornium . 
  looks like the road head part is only about 4mins . 
  downloading nevertheless . 
  thanks for reminding me i bought coh on the humble bundle . 
  i love 11 . view - show sidebar and it 's just like 10 with better search and they finally added a play next/queue option that i 've been waiting for since i got my first ipod in 2004, 
  i love the clutterbuck heating and insulation commercial, 
  nope . 
  you 're wrong . 
  hand passes in the d zone is 2 minutes . 
  at least according to the commentators of the pen-phi game , have n't checked the actual rule . 
  press enter, 
  how about clearing the zone with a hand pass . 
  i think that 's what they were talking about spesifically, 
  i could n't care less about album art . 
  i rarely look at itunes . 
  i do n't understand why they removed it though , have you tried fiddling with the settings ? 
  it actually took me a moment to figure out too . 
  i was trying to click all the suggestions and whatnot until i finally realized `` what if i just press enter '' . 
  ok thanks . 
  they even showed a replay of crosby swatting the puck with his forearm and circlejerked around how smart a player he is for circumventing the new rule but it certainly would n't be the first time an announcer does n't have his facts straight . 
  yeah me too or a bottle . 
  this was way cooler . 
  i think you do but you do n't get to change your pokemon for free . 
  it takes a turn so the opponent will attack first .
