  let him do it . 
  he probably knows his own situation better than you do . 
  do n't go forcing your own ideals onto others . 
  just because you do n't like the idea does n't mean he should n't be allowed to make his own decisions . 
  if you bought everything at launch the game would cost you way , way over 100 $ and i do n't consider the final product with all the additions to be worth more than twice the price of an aaa title . 
  i also do n't think 65 $ is an acceptable price for a 5 year old game . 
  like i said before victoria 2 with the expansions does n't feel like a game that was gradually expanded to become more than your average game . 
  i consider the final product to be one that is worthy of the 60 $ price tag at launch and whatever 5 year old games are selling for now . 
   for me , i have over 300 hours in a game i 've spent ~ # 60 - # 80 , which , for me at least , seems like good value, 
  i do n't think you can make that correlation though . 
  i have over a thousand hours in cs : go , a game that 's like 10 $ . 
  does that mean i expect the same return of investment from every game ? 
  of course not . 
  does that mean i accept a 200 $ price tag for a game i 'll get 100 hours out of since i was happy to pay 60 $ for a 30 hour game ? 
  it does n't . 
  the time you get out of a game is very dependant on the genre and rarely indicative of how good a game is or how much effort was put into its development . 
  it got better for you . 
  never played either one , nor have i seen many posts about them here . 
  i think they have their own subreddits . 
  let 's look at some of the first results . 
   civilian, 
  a person who is not on active duty with a military , naval , police , or fire fighting organization . 
   a person who is not a member of the military or of a police or firefighting force, 
   a person who is not an active member of the military , the police , or a belligerent group in a conflict . 
  oxford dictionary, 
   a person not in the armed services or the police force, 
  now this is not a peronal issue for me nor did i cherrypick these results . 
  they are the first ones google offered to me . 
  when 100 % of dictionaries seem to disagree with you it 's typically not everybody else in the world who is wrong . 
  use a mic if you 're planning to do multiplayer, 
  maybe it 's because i 'm not american but i 'm having a really difficult time listening to that voice for more than 10 seconds . 
  yeah well labels like that do n't really mean jack shit to me but congratulations to you for not being a thief i guess, 
   you do n't pay for a game , and that money does n't trickle down to hundreds of employees . 
  if the game and dlc total 80 bucks , that 's 20 cents a person for a 300 person company . 
  but you do n't think about that, 
  i do think about that . 
  and i think about how crappy the publisher is that i could n't give them my 20 cents or even 10 cents because the business model was so sketchy i would n't put a dime into it . 
  when i decide not to buy a game because of its business model the decision is final . 
  whether or not i can pirate the game is a completely separate issue . 
  me playing a pirated game is n't 20 cents of lost revenue . 
  it 's 0 cents of lost revenue and me playing a game i 'd never pay for if that was the only option . 
   just because you would n't have bought the game if you could n't pirate it anyways , it still makes you an extraordinarily selfish asshole . 
  yeah well it works for me so sucks to be you i guess . 
  i 'll gladly be called an asshole on the internet if that makes my life better in general . 
  team secret has no issues when it comes to money . 
  t e a m s e c r e t h y p e, 
  i think 50 % would be closer . 
  but why ? 
  wait this is a serious ad ? 
  i thought it was some `` fuck you '' type of innovative protest . 
   european fans are n't more important than those in other continents, 
  not only do they have more purchasing power than south america , africa and most of asia the large european teams have plenty of fans from outside europe . 
   so , because you do not agree with the price of a product you better steal it ? 
  yes, 
   if you do not like the price of something , just do n't fucking buy it and move on . 
  but why on earth would i do that when i can just play it for free ? 
   stop giving reasons to companies to inject on us draconian drm or more laws that cut more and more our freedom as consumers . 
  i find it extremely naive to believe that these companies would just suddenly stop implementing new drm and ridiculous terms of contract etc. 
  if only people stopped pirating . 
  companies always want control , not only when they really need it . 
  or just play the games i want to play ? 
  like i said you 're trying to push your morals onto me with no benefits . 
  it reminds me of those missionaries going to africa and forcing them to wear clothes because christian god says so . 
  only i do n't need your medicine and food so i have no reason no do what you say . 
  but i already do vote with my wallet . 
  me downloading the game afterwards from a private tracker and playing it without connecting to the internet is n't doing anything to change that vote . 
  i do n't even know what lawyer battles you 're referring to but frankly i do n't really care . 
  the chances of going to court for piracy where i live are lower than having a piano fall on you while walking down the street . 
  not pirating because of legal implications would be like not going outside for fear of lightning strike you . 
  this is one of those times when it 's hard to tell if it 's a suggestion or a pocket riki `` suggestion '' . 
  money ? 
  my mom had one of these and it worked just fine . 
  it felt kinda fragile to type on though . 
  this is one of those things that i will just never understand . 
  those things were the worst control input ever invented after motion controls . 
  well whatever caused it having people jump on him probably did n't help, 
   and suck it in or something, 
  yeah an individual `` dose '' of hash oil is called a dab and taking a hit of it is called dabbing . 
  you do n't use a regular bowl though , typically some kind of metal plate that is heated up . 
  i still have my unicorn power t-shirt somewhere, 
  it 's an extract . 
  you use butane ( or a similiar solvent ) to get the cannabinoids out of the plant then heat it so that the butane and other unwanted chemicals evaporate . 
  it 's like condensed weed . 
  not too different from distilling alcohol . 
  yeah i 've had that happen too . 
  i stopped doing this since then because it was too spooky . 
  cher is probably at a point in her life where she does n't give a shit what her pr team says . 
  i feel confused why you included them in the first place . 
  this is a collection of cool looking lighters , not the biggest collection ever seen where you would include every lighter possible . 
  they even ruin the nice even spacing . 
   i still think the lack of hard feedback in terms of health looks annoying, 
  i 've never even noticed the lack of it in 25 hours of playing before watching this video . 
  unless you 're on the brink of death which makes the screen go all red first and then full black and white with enemies highlighted and kinda slow-moey when you 're just a bullet or two away from death you do n't need to worry about your health . 
  it takes like 3 seconds to regen . 
  and when you do need to care about your health it 's very evident . 
  i really do n't think it 's an issue . 
  saboteur 's destruction was boring as hell . 
  you climb up to pre-determined spots where you set up a pre-determined explosive and blow it up in a pre-determined way . 
  it 's nothing like the amazing improvised chaos jc2 and jc3 offer . 
  keep in mind that the video did n't even show a single military base liberation which are the best part of the game with explosions everywhere .
