  `` i 'm the ref , this is how i saw it and my decision is final '' is a lot better for ending disputes than `` no i do n't want to use the video review i 'm allowed to and have easy access to '' . 
   seriously do n't even pretend csgo looks good . 
  it 's revolutionary graphical improves are fucking dust on dust2 ... 
  it uses loads of css assest , including textures ... 
   graphically it 's a joke . 
  exactly . 
  it 's already a bad looking game by today 's standards . 
  do n't give people incentive to make it even worse looking, 
   i just do n't understand why you are so afraid of decent graphics settings ? 
  afraid of loosing your rank because you rely on beating others via low visibility as compared to just outaiming them ? 
  i do n't play matchmaking . 
  seriously though it 's not like it can ever hurt to ask, 
  also whoever made that graph was n't apparently too big on goaltenders, 
  because it 's virtually identical to the parodies that have been around for ages like this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vjn5xxwg9u, 
  i watch nhl and nfl myself ( on american channels ) and can say it 's not just `` some misconception foreigners have '' or anything like that . 
  american sports broadcasts are obsessed with statistics . 
  luckily i like statistics . 
   i 'm saying this show is about the science behind the speed and power of athletes . 
  and this is showing how difficult it was for messi to score that goal . 
  but it does n't really do either very well . 
  it 's not science , it 's just a bunch of random numbers they 've estimated based on the video footage . 
  we can see the three players near him , we do n't need the video to stop and highlight the three players and say < 6 feet to understand there are three players near him . 
  the technique with which he delivered those touches is a lot more important than the one two three touches or the five feet of space he made between the defender in one frame of video or the 1.2 seconds it took to get around a defender . 
  shouting pseudoscientific numbers with excessive graphics is a terrible way to explain why it was an impressive performance . 
  i do that a lot too especially when i 'm stoned . 
  walking short distances instead of always mashing spring adds a lot of immersion and the animations usually look better too . 
  the video description does say, 
   for the commentors who wanted me to record something . 
  and in the video she says how `` i know you 're all going `` it 's over there ! '', 
  i see those comments all the time '' so there must be some platform she 's done this before . 
  maybe youtube live streaming ? 
  does it not save vods by default ? 
  i 've never used it tbh . 
   so you have a fake rank ? 
  or maybe i have played matchmaking before ? 
  did that possibility ever cross your mind ? 
  that i 've given it a shot before moving to superior alternatives ? 
  oh no that ca n't be it . 
  it 's more likely that i dismissed it without trying and just picked a random cool looking icon . 
   i 'm not incentivizing it , why do n't u understand this , the reasons would only help with players who have vision issues and players who get shitty fps ... and why does it matter to you what others do with their settings ? 
  the whole conversation started from settings that give better visibility in the game . 
  that is the entire point of the discussion . 
  i do n't really care how many times you try to bring fps to it because i never commented on the fps . 
  i 'm just saying i do n't want options that give better visibility while sacrificing graphical fidelity , regardless of the fps impact . 
   better visibility for a blind person = / = better visibility for normal people . 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  is n't the best way to aid visually impaired people to up the contrast between players and scenery ? 
  you do n't need to be visually impaired to benefit from that . 
  first meal of the day is always breakfast regardless of the hour, 
   treat her like you would treat a guy . 
  yeah but that 's actually terrible advice . 
  real life is not vice city, 
  facebook comments are obviously always shit but this time they 're even more baffling than normal, 
  the video description, 
   what is wrong with the school system, 
  like any sort of `` system '' short of having students in chains is going to prevent a violent idiot from punching somebody, 
  top comments, 
   i would not let my children go to school with an animal like that ... 
  the parents should demand that boy be expelled ... and charged with assault, 
  yeah expelling him will surely show him !, 
  and is n't assault pretty much any unwanted physical contact like a slap on the ass or something ? 
   i confronted a girl that was harassing me ( never hit her , did n't touch her ) and the school called the police on me . 
  i got suspended and nothing happened to her . 
  i showed them proof that she kept harassing me and they told me that her parents said its not her number . 
  i still think about it and every time , it infuriates me how stupid the school system works . 
  you tell them that someone 's bullying you , they do n't do anything . 
  when you decide to deal with it yourself then you get in trouble ? 
  smh, 
  great job making a video where a boy is nearly beaten to death about you, 
  it 's strange seeing twitch chat that is n't 5 seconds behind, 
  unless you 're the type of person who 's constantly trying to impress his friends it is n't . 
  not really . 
  that shit was way too far in for a funny joke . 
  that 's the kind of `` prank '' you get your ass beaten for friend or no friend . 
  because it 's totally ok to forcefully shove a plastic tube 15cm into your friend 's throat since it 's just a prank bro relax bro it 's just a prank ? 
  about 5cm deep is when the guy stops being my friend, 
  while additional monitors are obviously always nice the jump between 1 and 2 is an exponentially bigger deal than anything after that, 
  nah it does n't matter the size or resolution . 
  there is always stuff that you want to run fullscreen and having a second monitor is priceless, 
  i 'm not acting hard . 
   i 'm calling you out for the ass beating part . 
  relax dude , no need to be so violent . 
  shoving that thing down your throat is an act of violence . 
  you 're talking like beating up the guy for that would be like initiating a fight for the joy of fighting or showing off . 
  the fight has already been initiated at that point . 
  if someone you thought was your friend walked up to you and punched you straight in the face unprovoked would it be `` acting hard '' to punch him back ? 
  it would n't yet i 'd much rather take a punch to the face than have something like that forcefully inserted into my throat . 
  that thing goes all the way in there, 
  there 's like 1 or 2 cm of that finger that does n't go into his mouth and if you look at the difference between the first and second picture it 's already moved 5cm or more at that point ( see bottom right corner and how the base of the `` pinky '' is n't even visible in the first shot ) the remaining part is easily 10cm, 
  try shoving something that long into your mouth even carefully and it 's going to be very uncomfortable . 
  now try doing it in full speed using hard plastic and the element of surprise . 
  your head being near another mans private parts separated by shorts is pretty far from swapping saliva, 
   attacking someone, 
   excuse to start, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  shoving that thing into anyone 's throat is attacking them . 
  it is starting a fight . 
  there 's no `` excuse '' necessary to `` start '' anything when they 've already attacked you . 
  how can the victim of assault `` start '' a fight by defending themself ? 
   do you believe that if he punched his friend in the head in retaliation he would be defending himself ?
