  seems like whoever is making the calls at apple these days just does n't get `` it '' . 
   as long as he pulls out his checkbook, 
  he also went to jail for 6 months . 
  i just do n't see why it 's necessary to use physical force when there is nowhere for him to run or hide . 
  but the quality of factory rolled tobacco is nowhere near what you can get if you roll your own . 
  so fresh and moist . 
  yeah i 've had the voice volume set to 0 for a long time because it 's the only solution to this but kinda sucks since not everyone who uses a mic is an idiot . 
  i think there 's a limit to how much safe space we really need, 
  option to mute is nice but people who do n't want to see a single word because it might be unpleasant can just man up or go play something else imo, 
   all of the na scene, 
  ftfy, 
  it makes a difference in a web browser . 
  most reddit reader apps already do the same thing . 
  damn that was a good shot, 
  that was fucking sick, 
  at this point it feels like they did n't want to admit to being wrong so they came up with this shit compromise just so they can tell themselves they did n't give in to what everybody wanted, 
   valve listening to pros, 
  yeah not in this lifetime, 
  why the fuck would the time of year matter ? 
  2 weeks is such a short time to work out the kinks it does n't even make a difference, 
  they 'll probably do what they did with dota2 releasing an alternative client first and keeping the pro games in the source 1 client until the biggest bugs have been worked out, 
  no it should not, 
  the same people who are in charge of all the decisions when it comes to this game . 
  just let that sink in . 
  those are practice nades . 
  they 'll blow off your finger or two instead of killing you . 
  no it is n't . 
  icefrog understands the game . 
  he 's in touch with both the pros and casual players . 
  valve 's csgo department seems to have never either played the game or seen a match of pro cs . 
  if you really have a problem with it i do n't think hiding the figure is the solution . 
  i for one love statistics . 
  all star match is for the fans . 
  it would be stupid to have it before the main event with a live audience . 
  breasts, 
  chitchatting with pros at events and asking their opinion for game patches are entirely different things . 
  well in op 's video he blew up two small grenade stashes . 
  that 's like 1/100th of the explosives in the average military base in jc3 . 
  it 's demonstrating quality not quantity . 
  i feel contradicted about horses . 
  they 're majestic and strong but on the other hand they 're the biggest pussies of the animal kingdom and seem to panic over just about anything . 
  yeah and it 's hard to see why a march of `` hundreds '' in the city the size of london would be that big of a story in the first place . 
  jungle lc can be in a winning team . 
  jungle lc never wins games . 
  and i say this as someone who 's most played hero is lc ( not a single jungle game ) . 
  yeah but it 's more like pa earthshaker, 
   you have no idea how to play with/around him, 
  yeah this is definitely a thing . 
  i 've read his skills like 10 times but still ca n't remember how they work and it probably would n't be an issue if ** i ** played him but whenever i 'm in a game where someone else plays him i have absolutely no clue how to act, 
  maybe you should start watching animaymay then, 
  with res you can just open it and adjust the volume before it starts playing, 
  i have never heard this song before in any context, 
  what on earth could they do with your email address alone ? 
  being safe is good and all but this just screams that logic of a middle aged woman who does n't really understand how computer or the internet works and is paranoid about everything . 
  looks a lot like bianca beauchamp though it is just an educated guess, 
  she 's been very open about her smoking weed and being high in basically every scene she 's ever done . 
  also half the pics on her instagram are somehow weed related . 
  that 's like the definition of chubby . 
  i 'm not complaining because i still like how she looks but that 's what the word means . 
  it 's just like `` curvy '' that did n't use to mean fat . 
  chubby should n't mean fat either . 
   idk if he supports other games or not, 
  he does, 
  it 's pretty unlikely you get a brain injury from something like that . 
  as far as the brain is concerned it 's no different taking it to the face than a goalie getting a shot to the mask and for a slapshots that one did n't look too hard . 
  it 'll absolutely wreck your teeth , jaw , nose or facial bones depending on the point of impact but damaging the brain is pretty unlikely . 
   that face down legs flailing is super scary, 
  have to disagree with you there . 
  it definitely looked more like a controlled `` ow this fucking hurts '' movement than any type of seizure or anything like that . 
  the guy is definitely in some major pain but i was more relieved than anything seeing he was conscious enough to kick like that . 
  i 'd much rather see a grown man kicking in pain than laying motionless . 
  i used to have a static ip for free . 
  had the same ip for years . 
  dna welho though it was just welho back then . 
  i would gladly eat that but i 'd also call it a pie not a pizza, 
  because you 're there, 
  dude i was just stating the facts . 
  no need to get butt blasted . 
  assuming we 're talking about some esport viability 10/10 scale the csgo at launch ca n't be ranked . 
  it was on the level of some xbox live arcade 10 $ shooter . 
  valve reworked the entire game in the first year before they even introduced the arms deal update . 
  yeah but ps4 has outsold the xbone in the world every month since their launch . 
  us was the only individual region where xbone sales were bigger . 
  that 's why outselling it in the us is a news story and worldwide is n't . 
   it is about mocking islamic religion, 
  not really, 
  both mario 64 and oot show their age a lot more than smb3 though . 
  3d action-adventure games have gone a long way since those two , but 2d platformers are still trying to compete with smb3 . 
   redditor for 3 months, 
  reddit was literally the reason those fucking meme faces and comics became popular . 
  were practically created to copy content from f7u12 . 
  it was not our brightest moment . 
  yeah i 've seen one or two episodes of it and it 's always the same . 
  they give huge sums of money to two or three employees that they worked with while making the show yet do nothing about improving the work place overall . 
  people always complain about the treatment of the employees etc. 
  and the solution is to pay that single employee 's medical fees/house/car / kid 's education whatever and often throw in like $ 25k spending money . 
  i 've never seen them do anything about the actual company or working conditions . 
  they 've never mentioned anything like that in any of the episodes i 've seen yet they always give one or two employees a huge chunk of money . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 'd make a point to mention it if they raised the wages . 
   despite having over 500k subscribers , the front page is somehow days old .
