  probably tons of abandoned accounts . 
  why have you waited to get a haircut ? 
  is that a thing ? 
  i just make an appointment and walk in at the specified time to get my hair cut . 
  is this with or without the `` gore dlc '' ? 
  yeah but what 's the point of a walk-in you have to wait over half an hour for ? 
  the ground looks like it 's made of shiny plastic, 
  are there some mods that are considered essential like fellout for fallout 3 ? 
  i recently got the emperor edition with all the dlc and have been enjoying it so far but i wonder if i 'm missing something great, 
   ca n't people reverse smudge that pic ? 
  no they ca n't . 
  how did you figure that would work ? 
  real life is n't like csi , you ca n't just make shit appear from nowhere . 
   what do you eat cereal out of ? 
  i 'm an adult with no children . 
  there has n't been cereal in my house for a decade . 
  yeah and apparently you did n't get it, 
  on a finnish keyboard the `` tilde key '' is both \u00a7 and 1/2, 
  i 've owned and played on all 4 controllers in op 's pic and have literally never had this problem . 
  i 've also never had to look at my controller to check which button is which . 
  i do hate qtes though but for entirely different reasons . 
  it 's about making things explode mostly . 
  that 's literally what you do to progress in the game . 
  you blow stuff up one town or military base at a time . 
  what problems on pc ? 
  only problems i 've heard of are the console load times . 
   it 's only the shooting gallery ones that still irritate me, 
  are you playing on a gamepad ? 
  because with kb + m i 've literally gotten 5 stars on the first try from all of those and find them pretty fun to do . 
  it 's the racing challenges that i do n't feel like doing . 
  1 & 2 were way better than 3 though . 
  they were crazy and silly but still somewhat grounded in reality . 
  3 was already full on giant dildo as starter weapon so randumh xdd, 
  the story is better than jc2 and no , it does n't try too hard . 
  it 's tongue-in-cheek just like jc2 was but the villain is actually memorable . 
  googling `` bollywood terminator '' will get you exactly what he asked for as all 4 of the first 4 reasults . 
  oh yeah and they 're definitely boring to do too . 
  the tether challenges i do like . 
  yeah avalanche has a history of being a very pc centric developer and jc3 feels no different being an amazing pc port all around . 
  it 's very likely the scoring has been set based on testing done with a mouse because like i said i 've had no issues getting max points each time . 
  just cause does n't have any loading screens while playing like some open world games . 
  it 's only when you start the game or after you die and respawn . 
  on launch i heard it was 45-50 seconds after death but i 'm not sure if it 's gotten better . 
  for what it 's worth you do n't die too often in the game as you can take a huge amount of punishment , have a variety of escape skills and regen quickly . 
  it 's not broken if you have it on . 
  i 'm not defending valve 's failure to fix it but i think it 's worth mentioning since op made it sound like there is no way for it to function properly . 
  just keep it on and it functions just fine and is consistent . 
  women 's '' '' `` sports '' '' '' happened . 
  play now ? 
  do you not have an xbox profile set up or something , that chicago tampa bay game should only be on the very first startup . 
  yeah looked like he was just trying to make sure not to push her over but omg his penis is close to her butt ommmmmggggg its like sexxx, 
  wow that thing is out already ? 
  installing, 
  except they wo n't because there 's nothing far-fetched about this . 
  a lot of people not familiar with the subject think encryptions and untraceable online communication are some nigh impossible holy grails easily cracked by police etc. 
  they 're not . 
  well it 's not really a tongue twister in that it 's not even remotely hard to pronounce . 
  but yeah maybe a pun or something rather than a joke . 
  that sounds like the definition of real life at least in northern europe . 
  yeah and it 's notable missions overall are n't a big part of what you 'll spend your time doing, 
   very showy with little substance apparently, 
  not really . 
  more like make your own entertainment . 
  i bet half of the reviewers just played through it as quickly as possible and complained when the game did n't present everything on a platter . 
  just cause has always been about giving you a set of tools to improvize the most fun way to create chaos and desctruction with , if you just complete objectives optimally without fucking around of course it 's going to be boring . 
  i mostly ziplined from plane to plane planting c4 on each then returning back to my own plane before blowing them all up at the same time . 
  not really . 
  maybe you are the type of person who looks for the fastest ways to complete settlements etc. 
  but as someone who 's completed jc2 100 % twice before even installing mods i certainly do n't . 
  even if the `` building blocks '' of fuel tanks and generators etc. 
  may seem repetetive on surface every military base i complete is vastly different from the previous . 
  sure you can grapple every enemy you see to each other and walk over to each fuel tank and blow them up individually with c4 but that would be boring as hell . 
  instead you can decide to kill a squad with a jeep , put c4 on the jeep , hijack a flying helicopter , sink the battleship shooting at you with missiles , grapple the aforementioned jeep to the chopper while hanging in the air from the chopper , jump in the pilot 's seat and fly the jeep over to the fuel tanks like a wrecking ball etc. 
  it might 've been faster and easier to just do it the boring way but who cares ? 
  it 's a single player video game , not a competition . 
  because there 's so many different ways to use those tools . 
  what you 're saying is like painting is just a some canvas and a brush there 's not much variety there . 
   mix it with orange juice, 
  that 's literally what kids aged 14-16 do over here . 
  it would honestly be pretty embarassing to see an adult drinking vodka with orange juice . 
  besides , good vodka tastes great on its own . 
  whoever made that comic has the taste buds of a 10 year old . 
  and i 'm not trying to make fun of them but sense of taste changing with age is a very real thing . 
  when i was a kid i 'd totally agree all beer tastes like shit but i drank it to get drunk . 
  now i 'd much rather drink beer than some sugary shit i loved as a kid . 
  found the 16 year old, 
  are you trying to imply coffee does n't taste good ? 
  people even buy coffee flavoured products without caffeine in them . 
  that actually sounds familiar . 
  i probably just googled it in frustration and told myself it counts as 100 % , it 's been 5 years . 
  and i played it on console so no mods possible . 
  only world things, 
  no they do n't . 
  just like i was a filthy lesh picker last patch and would never want that back . 
  you do what you have to for that mmr but that does n't mean you do n't welcome change . 
  did n't korpikoski play 6 seasons for phoenix ? 
   the game does very little to encourage or force the player to adapt to changing situations or gameplay . 
  i would say it encourages it by allowing the player to do all of these crazy things and creating a more fun game experience for yourself even if you wo n't get more points or whatever , but you 're right it definitely is n't forced on anyone . 
  there are legitimate shortcomings with the game , but saying it 's more shallow or in any way worse than jc2 is just plain wrong . 
  jc2 had all the same issues jc3 has and more .
