  apparently they 'll be releasing some additional dlc content which will feature co-op missions but it 's not the same . 
  i 'll maybe pick it up when it 's under $ 10 , which probably wo n't take too long . 
  yeah i did get the feeling from the demo and the trailers that they really tried to put emphasis on the story . 
  which did sound a little interesting , though from what i saw in the demo the characters seemed pretty standard . 
  i would n't trust those values to be exactly accurate . 
  also often known as abby these days . 
  great videos . 
  i know i 'm lazy but googling it up would probably turn up hundreds of news articles and crap when the issue can probably be easily explained in one or two sentences . 
  and most of those news articles are not written for people who have no clue what 's happened so far . 
  12 more pics from the same shoot : www.clubglamour.net/galleries/photodromm-adrienne/, 
  true , but from what i understand reddit is n't angry at them for making chicken sandwiches . 
  i understood he was talking about this entire controversy . 
  fair enough . 
  i was actually positively surprised, 
  they change the tactics and last until the end of the match or until changed . 
  you can also assign your own tactics to the d-pad like i have done . 
  you can view and edit these tactics in team management . 
  what i am unsure of however is whether you can choose one `` up-arrow '' tactic and one `` down-arrow '' tactic at the same time or just one in total . 
  i only choose my `` custom 2 '' just to be sure . 
   rotation is very predictable, 
  granted i have n't played dz that much ( maybe 5 hours total ) but is n't the order in which the zone changes always the same ? 
  at least in dome which seems to be really popular in dz it always seems to go the same way because i learned to move to the next dz before the old one ended and from what i recall i was usually in the right spot . 
  yeah . 
  recent episodes are crap . 
  they 're all about something that 's popular or in the news right now and wo n't be relevant a year later . 
  seasons 2-9ish were south park 's golden years . 
  sure they made a ton of pop culture references back then too but in the end the issues and the `` lessons '' they learned were timeless . 
  that is one of the main reasons i do n't anymore, 
  it 's the year 2012 so i do n't give a shit about file sizes . 
  it 's the annoyance of unwanted sounds that i dislike . 
  americans . 
  you so silly . 
  it 's sad because it 's true . 
  it was horrible but me and my friends were stoned and laughing our asses off . 
  then a sex scene came on and it got awkward . 
  too bad because i would had like to see the rest of the acting . 
  well pretty much any game is worth $ 5 but on top of that it 's actually a really good one so yeah, 
  wait what ? 
  you mean you think chick-fil-a should have a right to express their beliefs and practice business as normal etc. 
  or has `` i agree with chick-fil-a '' become the new `` i 'm against gay marriage '' . 
  because if so that 's a retarded expression . 
  well seeing as how you label yourself as `` conservative '' it is extremely likely you are just plain wrong or have stupid opinions . 
  yes , opinions can be stupid . 
  that 's probably why, 
  yeah . 
  and i 'd like to be able to set a max price for a bid , not just buyout . 
  i often look for good deals that have a low starting price but i might know for example that i have only $ 2m to spend on an item so there 's no reason to list all the expensive ( as in not enough money to even bid ) items which tend to have the same stats i look for . 
  seats are just in the way of passing the joint, 
  13 upvotes 1 downvote ? 
  so that really is the reason for hate towards him ? 
  while awkward it was hilarious and i do n't see that could be why everyone hates him . 
  i agree he 's in game `` fun facts '' tend to be boring and he 's a bit annoying but really if it 's about that joke ? 
  come on . 
  do n't matter what setting you use that little room is not enough to play games . 
  you could ramp the sensitivity way too high of couse but then you 'd suffer in accuracy . 
  because nothing built ever has been anything but perfect , right ? 
  this table was n't even built or measuder specifically for this purpose . 
  other than that it 's really nice work though . 
  i do n't like getting high without an activity . 
  or do n't get me wrond i always love getting high but i prefer to have an activity . 
  it 's nice though because after smoking alone i never spend my time endlessly clicking links on reddit and going `` meh '' like i do all the time when i 'm sober . 
  yeah or emptying a cigarette better than rolling a joint while stoned ? 
  that shit is tedious . 
  i use to do these a lot when i was younger . 
  also when i know i 'll be in a public place . 
  where i 'm from they 're called `` agents '' . 
  because they 're inconspicuous and blend in i guess . 
  they teached this in driver 's ed in finland . 
  at least mine did , do n't know if it 's mandatory . 
  too late to edit http://gifwall.net/gif/50r7m0.gif, 
  definition of incongruity, 
  1 : the quality or state of being incongruous, 
  2 : something that is incongruous, 
  gee thanks merriam-webster . 
  to be fair all gta games of that generation had fantastic soundtracks . 
  even the psp games . 
  i came to the comments for the outrage , and everyone 's happy ? 
  what is this shit , i do n't want the plug-in opening applications on it 's own . 
  i have firefox and snow leopard . 
  has worked for ages and still works ( just tried ) . 
  i have n't even noticed there were ads . 
  granted i rarely view the dashboard but still . 
  well la liga sucks for any team other than barca or real madrid in real life as well , so . . 
  i do n't even live home and my parents pay my rent . 
  i thought this was the real world . 
  i 'm going around my apartment touching things and they feel like they exist . 
  are you telling me i 'm in the matrix ? 
  a pleasant surprise , usually when you ca n't see boobies in the gif the video is a disappointment . 
  i see butt hurt, 
  yeah well it 's pretty typical for parents to pay for their kids college education in america , right ? 
  the government pays for my education so rent 's pretty much the only expense left . 
  yeah well but competing internationally is not la liga . 
  my ex loved the way my testicles moved on their own after having sex . 
  she though they were `` so cute '' . 
  i did n't mind her staring , meant i could choose the channel . 
  or just ask the cashier if she can swipe it instead of intesrting it to the chip reader thingy, 
  idk i used to do this all the time when my old card 's chip was somehow damaged but i was too lazy to order a new one . 
  i was never carded . 
  wow that 's odd . 
  i do n't think it 's even possible to get a card without chip over here anymore .
