  you do realize that you ca n't just talk about cods like that ? 
  there are two completely separate series of cods . 
  treyarch cods : big red one , cod 3 , cod 5 waw , black ops, 
  iw cods have amazing single player campaigns , treyarch not so . 
  and now they 're starting a third one with mw3 . 
  yes it has mw in the title and yes technically it 's made by `` iw '' but there are n't actually any iw people working on it . 
  activision just owns the rights to the name iw and completely restaffed it as the original workers all quit . 
  i understand that , however i never enjoyed the cartoony atmosphere of bc1 . 
  for me bc2 was like a reimagining of one of the best fpss ever ( battlefield 2 ) except nearly everything was improved . 
  i just simply loved the game the moment i first tried it and still do . 
  so far i 've played 450 hours of it online and i still enjoy it better than any other game for the 360 . 
  i can see how it was maybe a disappointment for the bc1 fans who expected more of the same , but we had n't had a proper bf game for so long that i think it was exactly what they needed to make . 
  also i wonder if bf3 had been made ( at least with the current budget ) if it was n't for the overwhelmingly surprising popularity of bc2 ( especially in the pc community ) . 
  indeed . 
  the sad thing is if you say something like `` india needs to control its population growth '' out loud you are a racist that does n't value foreign cultures . 
  meanwhile the earth is getting overpopulated and in a matter of decades we 'll have wars for resources . 
  even before that starvation will skyrocket as the poorest countries are often also the ones with the biggest population growth . 
  but i guess that 's a nicer way to limit population , right ? 
  it was less cartoony and just had the same overall feel , except for the more compact maps and rush mode which in my opinion was what bf always needed . 
  it 's hard to explain but when i played bc1 it felt like just another ok fps , where as bc2 instantly woke up the bf player inside me ( 1942 , vietnam , bf2 , 2142 ) . 
  it just felt like a continuation to the series where as bc1 was more like a spin-off . 
  in bc1 you had to hit someone about 10 times to kill them , in bc2 it takes 1-3 bullets ( though i & all my friends only play hc though so idk about core , 3d spotting ruined it anyway ) . 
  the guns and vehicles had a much more realistic feeling to them . 
  the firefights feel like war instead of the paintball/airsoft/futuristic gun sport feeling that a lot of other fpss have . 
  i do n't know where you live but in a lot of european countries such as mine getting labeled as a racist is the easiest thing in the world . 
  we just had an election where the major issue was less immigration vs more immigration . 
  oh i mean racist rednecks vs. enlightened people . 
  i 'm glad the `` racists '' won though . 
  150 years ago there were ~ 1,3 billion people [ ( sauce ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:world-population-1800-2100.png ), 
  while they 're concerns were maybe ahead of time we have at least five times more of a reason to be worried now . 
  i just googled about the consumption of natural resources to see i was n't full of shit . 
  apparently we 're already using way more than the planet can sustain . 
  i do n't think you can just ignore that because `` people have been talking about it for some time '' . 
  no of course the indians wo n't . 
  they understand the problem . 
  it 's the middle class white people that live in western countries that label you a racist . 
  true , but ca n't you imagine how much worse it can get ? 
  kick in the nuts ? 
   the signals carried by scart include both composite and rgb ( with composite synchronisation ) video , stereo audio input/output and digital signalling . 
  the standard was extended at the end of the 1980s to support the new s-video signals . 
  in addition , a tv can be awakened from standby mode or switched to video mode through a scart connector . 
  composite is the video part of rca . 
  it was pretty handy that everything used the same and it was just a single cable . 
  you could also plug any rca into a scart socket with a simple converter in case you needed . 
  i actually think you could n't sell products with rca cables without one of [ these ] ( http://m2.sourcingmap.com/smapimg/en/n/09a/rgb-scart-male-rca-female-adapter-converter-29622n.jpg ) where i live . 
  at least i had about a dozen of them because every device came with one , even if there was a scart cable in the box . 
  but that was the time before only the absolutely necessary things were included . 
  what kind of a man sings along to a song if not completely hammered, 
  yeah i 'm just hating on her because she 's a douche . 
  i do n't care about her gender . 
  did you actually look at the list ? 
  the first 10 countries :, 
  2 monaco, 
  3 singapore, 
  china ), 
  5 gibraltar ( uk ), 
  6 vatican city, 
  8 bermuda ( uk ), 
  9 sint maarten ( netherlands ), 
  the population of those countries varies from 826 people to 7 million . 
  i do n't think any of those countries really contribute to the `` population problem '' . 
  you are right about the importance of pollution though but i do n't think the `` ability of the country to feed itself '' is as relevant when we 're talking about overconsumption of resources on a global scale . 
  the same applies to your population density argument . 
  while it is true that cities and other densily populated areas are particularry stressfull to the environment i do n't think the average density of an artifically confined area ( i.e countries ) really matters at all . 
  i 'm pretty sure those antenna connectors are a standard all across europe, 
  what 's the point of reddit without nsfw posts ? 
  no , not really . 
  well to be honest they 're both about equally retarded, 
  a community for 5 months, 
  nice, 
  well the good thing is there 's absolutely no reason to buy that piece of crap when you can just plug in a 360 controller . 
  just a useful tip on a related note . 
  with [ this ] ( http://hints.macworld.com/article.php?story=20050422172929402 ) easy piece of terminal code you can drag and drop any widgets to your desktop . 
  eliminated the need for geektool for me . 
   you think it 's normal that 22 year olds need fake id, 
  i read that post yesterday and though it was about real pineapples . 
  i then started to wonder if they picked them out before reaching the stores and that 's why i had never seen one . 
  idk if i was sleeping after `` a solid evening of smoking '' there is no way i would ever have any recollection of turning that alarm off during the night, 
  i 've lent out dozens of pencils and only gotten a few back . 
  i 've also borrowed dozens of pencils and only given a few back . 
  it 's the circle of life . 
  thank you . 
  i knew there must be some mods who realized this as well . 
  `` stop making shit up '' - albert einstein, 
  separation between subreddits is a good thing . 
  you can browse multiple subreddits at once and only choose the once you like . 
  for examply you can browse r/f7u12 + classicrage + treecomics and leave ragenovels and rageops out instead of forcing people to read everything . 
  so you did n't even read the post before bitching ? 
  nice . 
   who gives a shit ? 
  if you do n't like it , downvote it and keep going until you find a rage comic you do like . 
  yeah except at this point i 've already had to view it . 
  this way we can prevent this shit from being posted to f7u12 thus making it nicer for everyone . 
  and if you do like these comics it should n't be too hard to subsrcibe to one more subreddit, 
  classic rage must be 4 pages with the original rage face in the 4th one . 
  f7u12 does n't want to be as strict , but still keep the comics as the `` rage comics '' that it was founded for . 
  the kind of posts banned now have nothing in common with rage comics except for the faces used in making them . 
  the mods are not abolishing them from existance , just moving them . 
  i do n't think it 's too much to ask to subscribe to a new subreddit if you like them . 
  exactly , i bet people would enjoy porn on r/pics but it still does n't belong there .
