  jc3 is way better than jc2 . 
  depending on your playstyle it perhaps is n't worth the full price for someone for already owns and has played through jc2 but if you 're getting them from a sale later on it 's definitely worth picking up even over jc2 if you 're just getting one of the two . 
   when he 's running dual titan cards , something nobody with a normal income has . 
  tb 's computer is like 2-3k usd depending on the little stuff . 
  someone with a normal income has a fucking house and a car . 
  you can easily afford a dual titan computer on a regular salary if you want to . 
  it comes up when the game detects a connection . 
  so if you set your steam offline or block the game from your firewall it does n't ever come up . 
  those specs are only required for maxing it out . 
  my computer is nowhere near tb 's with 4790k and a 970gtx and i can max the game out on 1980x1200 . 
  i do n't understand why people feel like new games should run everything on ultra with anything less than a high-end pc . 
  there 's a reason pc games have a wide range of graphics options . 
   gta 5 is the exact same as the other games, 
  so gta5 did n't have three main characters you could switch between , a world that 's multiple times larger than any of the previous titles and a fully fledged out online mode instead of a few tdm and car chase missions ? 
  yes and no . 
  it 's like does drinking vodka get you more drunk than beer . 
  in reality it does because it 's easier to down quickly just like it 's easier to smoke a few dabs than to smoke the equivalent amount of weed in the same time period but the effective ingredients are the same just like they are in beer and vodka . 
  smoking is n't allowed outside ? 
  well yeah naturally but comparing the two using identical volumes is kinda pointless . 
  a can of vodka contains much more alcohol than a can of beer . 
  a can of vodka costs a lot more than a can of beer . 
  same thing applies to butane oil . 
  a gram of oil is much much more expensive than a gram of weed because it takes about 10 grams of weed to make . 
   since you need much less to get high it still gets you higher . 
  but you do n't . 
  you need the same amount of the active ingredients . 
  smoking 1 gram of weed is the same as smoking 1/10th of a gram of butane oil ( presuming the oil was made with a 10:1 ratio which is pretty standard ) . 
  that 's not `` much less '' , it 's just much more concentrated . 
  and in all likelihood costs the same too . 
   plus i reach levels from dabs that no amount of weed can get me to, 
  yeah well this is the real discussion . 
  dabs allow you to inhale amounts of thc in small periods of time that would be impossible for the same person to inhale with all the burning plant matter etc. 
  of regular weed . 
  so it does allow for some things not possible with `` traditional '' weed . 
  just like it 's possible to empty a bottle of vodka in 15 minutes and pass out half an hour later , but it would be extremely difficult to drink whatever 12 beers that is equivalent to in the same time period . 
  because you 're using the overall weight of the product as a scale and i 'm using the weight of the active ingredient . 
  the same amount of thc spread across 10g of weed gets you as high as the same amount of thc spread across 1g of oil . 
  the cannabinoids themselves do n't get any more potent in the process , in fact there 's typically some loss due to physical limitations . 
   equivalent, 
  but that 's a tricky word . 
  is the equivalent amount one that has the same amount of thc and other cannabinoids ? 
  is the equivalent amount one that costs the same ? 
  or is it simply one that has the same overall weight ? 
  going back to the alcohol comparison if i had a 0.5 l bottle of 40 % vodka i 'd say the equivalent of that in beers would be eight 0.5 l bottles of 5 % beer , not just one bottle . 
   and 90 % of her audience is guys who think she actually has talent and is n't a pair of tits for lonely gamers . 
  i find that extremely hard to believe . 
  90 % of people that send her gifts maybe but 90 % of her overall audience ? 
  no fucking way . 
  too young to remember ducktales ? 
  oh for fuck 's sake i feel old . 
  yeah i was 9 at the time and saw it in a theater and remember thinking everything except the race scenes were bad . 
  especially the child actor . 
  have n't rewatched it since . 
  our after-school club kind of thing in elementary school had that movie on vhs and every time it rained we 'd watch jumanji because it was better than any of the other movies . 
  i remember a lot of the kids being genuinely scared of especially the beginning . 
  i think you 're supposed to have seen each of the individual movies before seeing avengers . 
  the movie kind of expects you to . 
  they do n't bother explaining a lot of the character chemistry established in the previous movies . 
  which was probably a good choice so the movie was n't 8 hours long . 
   americans, 
  knight and day is a good movie ? 
  it 's got 52 % on rt and 46 % on metacritic . 
  and having seen it personally those reviews are being gentle . 
   i watched that movie without knowing about the miscarriage scene . 
  do you typically know about scenes of a movie before watching it ? 
  some people can stay up for more than 12 hours without falling asleep . 
  south park the show does n't have a laugh track and the older seasons ( ~ 2-6 ) are still way funnier than any of the new ones . 
   sequels are n't bad if you are just trying to enjoy them as a fun movie, 
  fun is kind of a relative concept though . 
  the first matrix movie was * fun * because of the world they built and the moral questions raised etc. 
  the 2nd and 3rd matrix movies where just cgi extravaganzas almost like they completely missed what made the first one so popular . 
  i did n't have * fun * watching the 2nd one because i expected it to be like the first one . 
  i did n't vote you either way and even if i did i doubt i 'd have 50 of the things . 
  tbh i feel like anyone trying to ban smoking outside is a much bigger threat to society than a bunch of stoners . 
  and i do n't even smoke . 
  someone mentioned something about a dance, 
  except ducktales was still on tv regularly a few years ago . 
  i think people who work on laptops typically use the trackpad with their thumb . 
  you do n't take your fingers off the keyboard with it either . 
   that 's the point though . 
  the chair thing is idiotic . 
  slughorn is an idiot . 
  including stupid shit in your book/movie and then saying `` well it 's supposed to be stupid '' is a pretty bad defense . 
  as opposed to irrelevant children ? 
   i have a cineworld unlimited card . 
  about # 16 a month and you can go to see as many films as you like . 
  that 's cheap as fuck . 
  barely more than a single ticket . 
  all the good crash bandicoot games were on ps1, 
  `` achievements '' that have literally zero impact on the game and do n't unlock any cool extra stuff are worth exactly 0.00 $ in my book . 
  you do n't need to ask 14.99 to make profits out of a game that 's already finished and has been selling for 15 years . 
  gog.com sells old games regularly for prices like $ 2.99 and they seem to be doing just fine . 
   no one 's expecting $ 5 ps2 games, 
  why not ? 
  in a lot of cases that 's still more than you 'd pay on pc for a similarly aged game . 
  almost like there 's a middle ground between 14.99 for a 15 year old game and completely free . 
  it 's almost like a lot of people do n't give a fuck about `` trophies '' . 
  no it is n't . 
  this subreddit is a terrible fucking circlejerk that defends anything sony does with incredible bias . 
  and i own a ps4 myself .
