   csgo went from a dying game to a thriving game and a lot of it is thanks to how valve handled that situation . 
  implementing skins , making active balance changes to the weapons , redesigning some of their maps , etc. 
  actually what turned csgo into a thriving game was firing hidden path entertainment that was responsible for everything before launch and rebuilding the game from ground up . 
  a lot of people forget the game came out in 2012 . 
  the skins certainly got money into the scene but the `` arms deal update '' would n't have been a success had they not spent over a year making the game not a complete joke technical wise between the launch and the reveal of skins . 
  it was already gaining traction when valve introduced the skins and started promoting it as a serious competetive follower to 1.6 . maps and balance tweaks came after that, 
  yes, 
  from what i 've seen i would n't declare this game free from those issues, 
  the game has a shit ton of pets, 
  when lirik tried it out there were like dozens of different cats to choose from , and those were just the cats, 
   quests can only be grinding, 
  people like you are the reason others do n't take mmo players seriously, 
  mmo players having imaginary arguments with hypothetical people defending strawmen are the reason people do n't take mmo players seriously, 
   virtually every piece of tech you own has some component in it that was developed by israel . 
  i feel like you 're overestimating israel 's contribution the world of science and r & d, 
  milions are also pumped into eu for pro-russian propaganda . 
  welcome to global politics, 
   invite them to smoke when i do n't have any to match, 
  i would . 
  my friends would . 
  i do n't see a problem with it . 
  of course it 's not `` come offer me weed '' it 's `` wan na come over and play some fifa '' or `` watch a movie '' or whatever , but naturally the person with weed is going to smoke out the person without weed and smoking weed is implied when inviting someone over like that . 
  where i live weed is pretty damn expensive and still people seem more chill about it than the people on this sub . 
  especially when we 're talking about friends , not some random guy at a party or whatever . 
  of course i 'll smoke them out any time i got weed and they do n't and the same thing happens when i 'm all out . 
  i have also been 12, 
  why would you ? 
  because most people have to . 
  that 's the truth . 
  i 'd gladly skip all work if i could and so would most people . 
  this whole `` pride in working for what i have '' thing is just people trying to convince themselves that they want the life they have . 
  the quality of outside grown weed is nowhere near the stuff you can grow indoors with a controlled light cycle and perfect soil/hydro with a monitored amount of nutrients . 
  also since the earth rotates there 's only a limited time of year when the day/night cycle is optimal wherever you live . 
  if you compare the harvests of indoor grown weed and outside grown weed it more than makes up for the electic bill . 
  that was terrible, 
  remove the . jpg, 
  yes, 
  i think `` you won , how are you feeling '' is a joke among journalists . 
  it 's also pretty much a `` say whatever you want before we get to the actual questions '' segment, 
  is n't replay retakes primarily for rehosting official matches ? 
  sc2 lacked one for a year or so and games had to be replayed from the start in case a match had to be remade because of computer/internet issues . 
  introducing continuing from replay saved a shit ton of hassle, 
  yeah but it 's not about what you think . 
  it 's the thousand or so people in the audience and it 's even caught on video for the whole world . 
  i thought it was a repost from / r/forwardsfromgrandma, 
  she has ass implants , boob implants and hardly a waistline, 
  not the perfect example of `` curvy '', 
  something like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/civzvor.jpg ) with a * curvy * hourglass figure . 
  not a plank with some balloons taped on it, 
  i 'm not saying someone with fake boobs ca n't be curvy , just that she hardly is, 
  e. just look at her [ latest instagram picture ] ( https://igcdn-photos-e-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xaf1/t51.2885-15/11266236_473257489499508_1457970942_n.jpg ) . 
  barely any muscle tone or a developed waist which i think are both crucial to being `` curvy '' . 
  she 's just a flat-ish girl with some lumps under her skin, 
  yesterday when i was reading this thread it was 22 , xx $ and everyone was absolute certain it wo n't go down because that 's how steam sales work . 
  it 's 17 , xx now . 
  there are adults who do n't know how to swim or ride a bike either , that 's way more mind blowing to me than someone not knowing how to throw a frisbee, 
  you do n't need to know anything about baseball . 
  the guy 's supposed to hand signal and say `` strike '' . 
  instead he yells `` steeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek '' off the top of his lungs for some obscure reason . 
  so you 'd sacrifice your twenties to get a house earlier ? 
  sounds like a crap deal to me . 
  more like 5 hours of wasted time, 
  a lot of people were doubting it since the introduction of a talking main character . 
  i do n't personally care much but i understand why people were relieved when it was announced . 
  yeah i love the base building etc. 
  but this change to vats is the biggest improvement imo . 
  while nobody forced you to abuse it using the vats often felt a little cheap in fo3 and nv . 
  exactly , and every fallout before this has n't had a talking main character . 
  since the reveal trailer only showed a male character and a speaking male character many fans of the series were scared that the option to play as a female had been scrapped . 
  honestly i have a feeling you can throw a ball much harder than a child approved toy would, 
  sure they did, 
  to be fair there 's a reason stores hire people to put the shit back on shelfs . 
  you 're being paid to do it and the customer is paying not just for the product but for the privilege to rummage through all the milk cartons to find the best one . 
  did someone say dlc ? 
  what 's wrong with thps hd ? 
  i thought it was pretty good . 
  i think most fans want the opposite of innovative . 
  they want a remake of the thps2 mechanics with modern day graphics and maybe some online support . 
   multiplayer got cod-ified . 
  are you implying the original gow multiplayers were n't a cod clone with a chainsaw ? 
  i played 1 , 2 , 3 and thug1 . 
  nothing since then before the hd remake . 
  it did feelt a little `` floaty '' compared to thps2 but i still enjoyed it a lot . 
  or a guy who works as a janitor in the same building, 
  if you 're not into mobile games or having the latest hot app the interface is far superior to ios or android . 
  they got the basics right, 
  cod 1 & 2 were massively popular . 
  they were n't as huge as cod4 was but a whole lot bigger than gow1 . 
  no i 'm not . 
  confident women are scary and nothing like the clumsy and easily embarassed girls in my japanese animes, 
  haley wilde and gia dimarco are 2 different people . 
  what happened ? 
  time happened . 
  she 's 27 and there 's girls a decade younger than her getting into the business . 
  especially for someone who 's used to portraying the `` cute innocent teen '' that 's some rough competition . 
  it 's also possible she 's considering retiring so might as well cash in with `` lexi 's first anal '' and `` first dp '' and all that before it 's too late . 
   renewable energy sources could really solve our energy needs . 
  for now, 
  i absolutely hate these divided `` ergo '' keyboards and this one looks worse than all before it, 
  how about : rolling papers,
