  you know your beard grows faster if you cut it , especially when you 're a teenager . 
  also there is no way any girl goes [ ] ( / schlick ) for a goatee, 
  i just had a week long vacation and that 's what i did for 9 days straight [ ] ( / awyeah ), 
  what the fuck is this [ ] ( / dumbbitch ), 
  15 % wtf here in finland it 's 50 %, 
  gtfo [ ] ( / perfect `` or tits '' ) attention whore, 
  the only thing i hate about the world is how everyone is n't exactly like me, 
  not all people speak english as their native language , dickhead, 
  i 'm a better driver when i 'm high . 
  one time i was driving down a road at night with two friends smoking a joint when out of nowhere a motherfucking moose appears . 
  it started running away in front of us but we we 're going about 75mph before i started breaking ( which was immediately , supersenses ) so it took a while for us to slow down while the moose accelerated . 
  i 'd say the closest we were was about 2 feet . 
  then i passed the joint aaaaaaawwwwwww yyyeeeaaaaaahhhhhhh, 
  edit . 
  yeah but normally i drive slower than sober and pay more attention to street signs , the traffic etc, 
  who cares ? 
  too many people wtf pussy, 
  i 've had three 360s . 
  none of them have broken down or had any problems . 
  one from the launch until 2009 , worked when i sold it . 
  one from 2008 until now, 
  another from 09 til now, 
  at least here in europe the non-slims have a lifetime guarantee for rrod now . 
  my friend returned a 360 from launch last year and got a new one, 
  if it broke down within 2 hours you should have returned to the store instead of microsoft dumbass, 
  and why exactly am i supposed to give a fuck, 
  those are not rubber bullets , the kid just walks away . 
  my guess is blanks and the entire `` 10 days in hospital '' was just made up . 
  and i 'm not protecting the cops , they should lose their badges but there 's no way they actually shot that kid with any kind of a projectile, 
  wait , does that one cop shoot the other cop at 0.54 ? 
  are n't you the same guy who could n't shit because there were too many people in the wc ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you , why not go `` pee '' or get a drink or find another excuse to leave to room to fart ? 
  you make life way too hard, 
  i do n't get it . 
  is it your dad or your boyfriend or roommate or a brother or what . 
  affects the situation and overall funniness greatly, 
  i upvote everything on trees always anyway [ ] ( / awyeah ), 
  nowadays they often have cameras on bridges for this exact reason [ ] ( / okay ), 
  idk the girls on the left are kinda hawt [ ] ( / foreveralone ), 
  this was brilliant, 
  thanks to you i downloaded simcity 4 last night around 9pm . 
  went to bed at 8am [ ] ( / uhm ), 
  somebody pays attention to the usernames on reddit ? 
  [ ] ( / dumbbitch ), 
  every fucking time, 
  if it has that effect on you , you do n't need it, 
  sel\u00e4nne 's my favourite player of all time, 
  places spoons in sink [ ] ( / trolldad ), 
  honestly this is what i expected , and was dissapointed not to get . 
  upboated, 
  i played dod a lot for years as well but never like counter-strike . 
  constantly since the first beta in like '98 until ' 07 . 
  10-60 hours a week . 
  i still occasionally get hooked . 
  we rented our own 24/7 server for a few years with some friends, 
  i knew there were n't any black people here , i just knew it !, 
  black ops is n't the best game on ps3 and definitely not the best cod , but it sure kicks the shit out of metal gear solid or uncharted ( yes i have played them ), 
  no sir i am not, 
  uncharted is nothing special . 
  it was an ok game with ok characters , ok handling , ok weapons and ok scenery . 
  a bit dull but it worked . 
  nothing special , nothing to remember by . 
  the sequel was better , but not a masterpiece either . 
  metal gear solid 's gameplay was better , but the series really has n't evolved since the release of mgs2 except the plot just keeps getting shittier and shittier . 
  i do n't skip cutscenes , but this is one game where my finger was just itching . 
  it 's is an especially big minus due to the game being so heavily story orientated . 
  or they just prefer something else for a change, 
  ctr is the best kart racing game to date, 
  as to your future purchase decision , you may be wise . 
  cod 's created by iw ( 1,2,4,6 ) were simply amazing and revolutionary at the time but as you probably know we will never see another iw call of duty thanks to activision . 
  however black ops is by far the best game treyarch has created and although it 's not overall as good as mw2 it does have a bunch of cool stuff that you do n't find anywhere else . 
  it 's not a masterpiece , it should n't be in the top 5 or even the top 10 ( at least on xbox on which i play more ) but neither should uncharted or mgs4 and at least blops is fucking entertaining . 
  2 player split-screen online multiplayer ? 
  sign me in . 
  when it comes to multiplayers i prefer the bf series over cod yet i 've still played b.o for over 60 hours . 
  that 's almost 10 times more than i spent with uncharted . 
  mgs4 was about 20 hours but honestly it felt like half of that was cutscenes . 
  and none as fun . 
  tried to upvote it twice, 
  most 360 games use 500-1 ,5 gt of disc space . 
  the rest is zero padding . 
  i know it 's hard to believe and i 'm gon na get downvoted and called a fanboy or some shit but it 's true . 
  you can download games from the internet with the zero padding removed ( for j-tag boxes that run games from hdd ) and those can be exceptionally small , usually less than 1gt while still containing every bit of information the disc did, 
  nice but how 's it a `` preview '' if it 's the entire song ? 
  not complaining :p just saying, 
  yeah i let people cheat and/or copy my answers whenever , but i get the joke if it was somebody annoying or something, 
  fukken saved, 
  am i the only one who thinks this is a good thing ? 
  burying a body can wait , i 'd wan na know this shit if it was my son/dad/borther / friend, 
  lol 'd so hard, 
  classic but it gets me every time, 
  yeah someone pointed this out and my response was that in that case the photographer was just doing his job , the parents were the ones being douchy . 
  i get the last pictures having fun with family and friends but pictures of the baby in tubes/ventilator or just lying dead while people are crying ? 
  why would someone want to cherish that memory ? 
  and then post it on a blog and reddit and god knows what other sites for attention and/or karma whoring, 
  thank you for this, 
  `` gleesing says the girl 's injuries were n't serious . '', 
  yeah a kid fell of something and got a few bruises . 
  i 'm pretty sure this happens every day and not just around escalators . 
  `` this is not true , police said , denying that it was an effective way to get drunk . '',
