  before you even start . 
  i have seen nearly all the movies on the imdb top 250 , a lot of hitchcock , kubric , woody allen and other works of directors who are considered influential so while i 'm definitely no professional critic i like to think i `` know movies '' reasonably well . 
  sounds like a much better universe all around if you ask me . 
  so it 's either boring dialogue or mindless action ? 
  there 's no middle ground ? 
  there 's no other alternative ? 
  how about every other character in breaking bad who is n't running around shooting people . 
  why do n't i dislike them as well then if all i look for is mindless action ? 
  i love requiem for a dream , but i do n't really see the similarities . 
  there 's no time travel in requiem for a dream , is there ? 
  i know the time travel `` rules '' are retarded . 
  they always are . 
  name one time traveling movie that is n't filled with plot holes . 
  you ca n't . 
  that 's the nature of time travel movies , and why i do n't really bother thinking about it . 
  like i said i would n't disagree if someone called it a `` top 100 movie '' but i probably would n't put it in my personal 100 either . 
  still it 's a movie i 'd recommend to anyone who has n't seen it . 
  i know i enjoyed it and i 've seen it multiple times . 
   the writers of bb also are n't the best at writing women, 
  that 's actually a pretty good point . 
  even the more minor roles for women are kinda crappy and shallow . 
  like that [ girlfriend of jesse 's who died ] ( / spoiler ) . 
  she got a bunch of airtime yet they barely built any kind of story or a character around her . 
  when [ she died , i felt sad for jesse . 
  not for her . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  oh look it 's a cute little baby dinosaur awww who 's a cute dinosaur yes you are oh my god what the fuck is that, 
   ridley scott said repeatedly that the two are n't connected, 
  i 've never heard that . 
  source ? 
  i do n't know if you cleared the game in a different order than i did but the mushroom people , the cat from alice in wonderland , huge fucking wolf-rat-cat creatures , a spider with a woman 's upper body , exploding poison frogs , a butterfly the size of a house , a sword wielding wolf ( also the size of a house ) among other creatures were n't exactly what i 'd call `` straightforward '' . 
  yeah well to be honest they are n't that bad . 
  the first one does n't really influence the grand scheme of things and the second was pretty inevitable . 
  you should still be able to enjoy the show without a problem . 
  well i knew it was n't the same planet or the ship . 
  even the name of the planet is said in the movie and it 's different . 
  and the ship ca n't be the same for obvious reasons . 
  does n't mean it 's not in the same `` universe '' or the same species of alien . 
  well then would n't you call the movies `` connected '' ? 
  thanks but i get the vibe he just dislikes the term `` prequel '' . 
  well i have n't seen that one but it looks like a movie i 'd enjoy . 
  i 'll download it and let you know in a few hours . 
  thanks . 
  reasonably well ! = everything about, 
  true . 
  but i think it would 've been even more dramatic to the viewer had we actually cared for her as well . 
  i think vince actually said in an interview ( this was some time ago , maybe after season 3 or 4 but when the entire outline for the series had already been established ) that he aims to make walt a character every viewer loves in the first episode and then gradually starts questioning until everyone outright hates him by the time the series is over . 
  i know and i agree . 
  that 's why i said i do n't care about that . 
  the reason i specified it was that she gets/got a ** lot ** of hate from the fan community when that happened . 
  yeah i should 've probably said `` slept with ted '' or something along those lines . 
  you 're only in season 3 and you already hate walt ? 
  you 're in for a ride i promise . 
   the plot hole, 
   the scene, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i 'm sure i remember what you 're referring to if i just get a little nudge in the right direction , it 's been a few years . 
  are you referring to the holes in his hands or what ? 
  i 'm in the same boat with you then . 
  to be honest i do n't think there 's anything that 'll make me hate him , since i 've already accepted him being a terrible human being . 
  also we do n't talk about source . 
  everyone who actually knows how to play counter-strike stuck with 1.6 until csgo . 
  all that needs to be said about source . 
  it 's a spray and pray game . 
  i have also played since beta . 
  that 's the beauty of dark souls, 
  i agree the p90 is the best spray and pray weapon in csgo ( and should be nerfed ) but back in source the m4 acted much like the p90 in go does . 
  iirc the scars appear on himself , but you 're right , it was a pretty retarded scene . 
  i tried it for 6 months . 
  did n't do shit . 
  my acne did n't get worse , but it did n't get any better either . 
  other than the pimples i guess my skin looked a bit healthier . 
  i never had terrible acne though and it cured itself over time so i guess it varies by person a lot . 
   weight 2.44 lb ( 1,105 g ) empty , w/magazine, 
  this probably varies a bit by manufacturer and variant but it does n't sound * that * heavy . 
  seeing as how this looks like some sort of public media event i 'm guessing there must be more pictures ? 
  e. never mind this is from community s2e3 . 
  probably a still from the set . 
  this is probably a cultural difference , but i have n't received a single voice mail ever since cell phones became apparent ( ~ 2000 ) . 
  we had a voice mail machine as a kid and used it all the time , but as soon as people switched to cell phones voice mail totally died in favor of texts . 
  i have n't even had a voice mail service in ~ 8 years ( it used to come as standard ) . 
  i know my grandma used to leave my dad voice mails even with cell phones , but old people are old . 
   all guns unlocked from start of multiplayer, 
  how is this a good thing ? 
  i love unlocking stuff ( via playing of course , not microtransactions ) . 
  i admit to never been a huge fan of the series but i 've never hated it either , pretty much simply ignored it 's existence to be honest . 
  however , what is it that the video is `` doing right '' ? 
  the main thing i noticed was that all the weapons have absolutely no recoil which looks simply silly . 
  if you 're just looking at the recticle you can not tell whether the player is standing still or holding the trigger down while running . 
  it just looks stupid and does n't make for very entertaining gameplay in the long run ( the reason counter-strike is still considered the best fps gameplay-wise ) . 
  the game mode is tdm so it 's bound to be boring but there was nothing especially spectacular about the maps seen either . 
  everything looked `` ok '' . 
  and i do n't mean the graphics . 
  because there are always only two games . 
  the one discussed and cod . 
  buying a console you 've never even tried ? 
  does n't sound too smart to me . 
  what if for example the controller simply does n't fit your hand comfortably ? 
  i do n't know the specific laws where you 're from , but where i live you ca n't return a fully functioning device , especially after it 's been opened . 
  you could resell it , but you 'd still take a hit and have to go through trouble .
