  successful irl trolling happens almost daily . 
  nothing in particular, 
  her/him being anorexic is what makes the title funny . 
  survival of the fittest etc. 
  puns ? 
  on my reddit ? 
  well i never . 
  all i could think off was how easy would it really be to snap their bones . 
  like an arm or a leg perhaps . 
  i mean a bone is a bone , right ? 
  i for one am glad op took this picture and provided me with a laugh . 
  degrading atypical people ? 
  on r/wtf ? 
  ca n't be . 
  since when are medical disorders not considered '' / r/wtf material '' ? 
  there are pictures of deformed babies and shit all the time here . 
  well regardless my upvote is as good as yours, 
  well in that hypothetical situation i probably would n't find it funny but i prefer to focus on the reality . 
  last time i played was when hc was added . 
  i have no clue what anything in this picture is except redstone . 
  but it is ? 
  i did n't realize that . 
  i thought he just gave him the better spot on the table and thought people have really low requirements for gggs these days . 
  my local video store had a pretty good deal . 
  1 movie for 1 day was 1 $ ( or 4 $ if it was `` new '' ) but 7 movies for 7 days was 7 $ . 
  once a week i 'd return the old ones and pick out 7 new ones . 
  sometimes i did n't even watch them all but it 's still a pretty good price and 7 days is a long time . 
  it was great always having something to watch . 
  while you 're right that episode was like 8 years ago . 
  it 's possible the technology has improved . 
  i do n't know what they teach in your country 's driving schools but if it 's a situation where a trucker can see something dangerous you ca n't that spot definitely is n't safe for a pass . 
  that 's pretty damn wild, 
  on my wp8 i have the autocorrect off but it still shows suggestions which is handy . 
  but the only way to add words is to highlight a `` misspelled '' word and click a '' + '' button . 
  it 's really weird because it 's in some sort of state of denial when it comes to swear words . 
  it wo n't show they 're incorrect so they must be in some wordbank but it will never suggest them even if there is literally no other option . 
  like it would be politically incorrect to let me use the words i want to use . 
  fuck that . 
  does n't make it any less bad . 
  that 's a big reason i did n't watch the original either . 
  does n't mean it 's not true, 
  i 've downloaded more than 5 movies today only, 
  and no damage would be done . 
  it 's really funny you chose that example . 
  reddit needs to man the fuck up . 
  [ better ( original ) vid ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6r5mqxckdv8 ), 
  ok . [ here you are ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6r5mqxckdv8 ) . 
  it 's longer too . 
  there have been tons of posts like this on reddit . 
  it 's also been posted the guy writes this on a lot of bills . 
  apparently he get 's like a couple of them in the mail every day . 
  i remember reading an interview . 
  i read an interview of this guy once . 
  apparently he writes them on every dollar bill he comes across . 
  yeah because this is such an important matter i 'm gon na write that address down for future reference . 
  get your head out of your ass . 
  i 'm guessing you 're still pretty poor if you take the time and effort to do this . 
  try to look through [ these comments ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/d10bk/paid_for_lunch_today_and_i_got_this_dollar_bill/ ) . 
   that 's odd you mention this , he has been craving animal crackers , just the old school ones in the red box, 
  who is n't ? 
  try looking through these comments if you really care . 
  you could mention the name of the event you 're talking about somewhere in the post . 
  i had no clue starcraft was even played tonight even though i did check tl . 
  will there be vods ? 
  that gif gets posted at least once a day, 
  r/trees . 
  posts are mostly crap but the comment section is filled with common ( stoner ) sense . 
  there are no cold goalies in the playoffs, 
  hey red wings fans . 
  why is filppula not an a ? 
  lol butthurt beta referring to people as `` an old bully '', 
  i do n't really see the problem . 
  i mean i see the problem of a fake rape accusation but the whole `` i do n't want to reveal my sexuality to the public '' bit . 
  like the only defense to rape accusations is being homosexual . 
  he can deny the allegations without coming out of the closet . 
  and if the girl ( only other person who knows ) decides to start spreading that rumour the two rumours contradict and only make her look crazy . 
  you managed to completely miss my point . 
  what i said was coming out is n't a necessary step of denying rape allegations . 
  in other words , you can not rape someone without being gay . 
  in most countries they are . 
  not saying that 's how it should be just that your generalization is ignorant . 
  no it does n't . 
  you ca n't view hd videos and the ui is garbage . 
  it functions , but that 's about it . 
   so you want an app to use youtube on your pc or you think the website is garbage because it 's essentialy the same . 
  no it is n't . 
   hd youtube content on my cellphone is n't much of a priority for most, 
  yes it is . 
  maybe not for you but you are not `` most '' . 
  finland sucks dick but it could be worse . 
  at least you can fuck around without any real consequences . 
  e. just to be clear i have no problem with the weather . 
  i love it , winter is my favourite time of the month . 
  it 's the people , the culture and the government i dislike . 
  there will always be enough sheeple viewing sites that i can simply turn off all ads and enjoy my ad-free viewing experience . 
  is it ethical ? 
  probably not . 
  do i like it ? 
  hell yes . 
  for the life of me i ca n't figure out why someone uses aijaa.com in 2013 .
