  i have better things even on reddit to read than your rants . 
  indeed . 
  entire [ album ] ( http://www.hottystop.com/teen-kasia-polka-dots/ ? ), 
  do n't get me wrong i still like the funny pictures, 
  no but seriously what is the story ? 
  i 'm european , does that matter ? 
  well i 've had the headphones since '07 and the wireless earpiece was like 20 $ a few years ago . 
  did n't play anything that required headphones ( cod ) back then . 
  you can clearly see the image has 4gifs . com on the right corner , right ? 
  well if you go to 4gifs and click on `` adult gifs '' and search for `` spit '' this is the first result . 
  there 's also a source like there usually is on 4gifs . 
  yeah well this post had 4 comments just asking for source and nothing else when it took me around 15 seconds to find the source . 
  please at least try before asking , especially when there 's a watermark in the image that 90 % of the time provides the source . 
  do you honestly think i 'm still reading your responses ? 
  i 'm finnish . 
  that 's in europe . 
  i prefer the way nhl series changes the cover athlete each year . 
  also localization . 
  sedin twins were in the swedish nhl 11 , finland had mikko koivu etc. 
  my cable high speed internet is 110mbit that actually works at 95-105 mbits all the time . 
  have n't had any downtime since i got it , occasionally it drops down to 65-75 mbits for a moment but ca n't complain . 
  i 'd still buy one under the counter/from ebay for cheaper and fuck the africans, 
  i actually do n't even know about my isps customer service since i 've never had to contact them . 
  but that 's the best kind , right ? 
  nice . 
  i have no idea who would downvote you . 
  why could n't you ? 
  workplace blocks it ? 
  maybe you should n't download porn at work . 
  are you sure you ca n't use a usb stick because i think you can, 
  it 's chan4chan , not 4chan . 
  it wo n't 404 any time soon . 
  she looks like that elliot chick from scrubs . 
  only with bushier eyebrows . 
  in nature there is no better or worse . 
  it 's all part of evolution . 
  even if it means we 'll eventually blow ourselves up . 
  i 'm not justifying pollution but `` better '' or `` worse '' are just observations from our point of view . 
  they are `` only '' 9 minutes apart . 
  might be that nanogeek had already loaded this page in a tab on the background or something and did n't see the 1st comment . 
  and most lesbians have at least experiemented with a man . 
  you know to see what it 's like and if they really do n't enjoy it . 
  i base this on some late night tv show probably by playboy tv when i was a kid . 
  oh america and your funny hypocrisy . 
  nowhere else would a title `` he was drunk '' be taken as judgemental . 
  it 's filthy , it 's dangerous , it 's overcrowded , it 's disgusting . 
  oh and nothing works . 
  but a lot of westeners who have n't visited it somehow keep up the bollywood image . 
  it 's not just reddit . 
  weeaboos are hated everywhere . 
  and i do n't mean just the internet . 
   do you not want females using the net ? 
  oh god why would you put such a glorious idea in my head when i know it 'll never happen . 
  you monster . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  well probably and also in some african tribe that prohibits alcohol but i tend to ignore those parts of the world and focus on the civilized western countries . 
  using the word kawaii in any language = weeaboo, 
  uhmm . . what ? 
  depends . 
  a lot of them should but of course especially among young people americans have stepped their game up . 
  no thanks to the education system . 
  at least the school i attended in the mid west . 
  but attitude towards alcohol seemed more universally fucked up . 
  that 's because the us does most things worse and only a few things better than the rest of the world . 
  you 're welcome . 
  you know the difference between using a japanese word in japan and using it on an english website . 
  do n't play dumb . 
  yes i am being judgemental . 
  but of a completely different thing . 
  it 's not the laws so much as how they 're followed . 
  where i live the age to buy beer is 18 , but ever since i was 14 ( some started at 12 or 13 ) we 've been out drinking in parks etc. 
  the police are there , but as long as you behave they do n't interfere because they know people would just hide in forests or something and drink there and cause all kinds of trouble , fights , drugs , etc. 
  they tried this kind of a `` no tolerance '' thing a few years back and that 's exactly what happened . 
  you still did n't get a ticket or anything , the police would pour your drinks on the ground . 
  that 's also what they do if you were fighting or too drunk etc. 
  when i lived in the states people ** drove ** in the middle of nothing to drink in secret because the penalties are so harsh . 
  i had multiple classmates die in dui accidents during that year . 
  now that 's fucked up . 
   the reason you think it 's warranted in the first place is because you 've been misled by us-bashing . 
  i have family in the states . 
  i spent 5 summers there as a kid and i also lived there for over a year in two separate american families . 
  i 'd say i have a pretty good understanding of my own . 
  it 's actually pretty funny . 
  in real life i 'm the one giving people perspective when they 're bashing us . 
  but that 's mostly because the crap you hear over here is ridiculous . 
  i really do n't see this conversation going anywhere, 
  haha no . 
  we are overly socialistic and have way too many `` tutelage '' laws as we call them , do n't know the actual english word used but that 's the direct translation . 
  you know laws to protect people from themselves . 
  also we have a huge soft spot for anyone non-white because of our enormous white guilt . 
  but we were talking about alcohol , and in that aspect america is the most fucked up western country . 
  what ? 
  so there are people who use safari . 
  well then again some use ie so it should n't come as a surprise . 
  i do n't know if it 's that uncommon but i keep the dock on the left because while browsing internet height is much more useful than width . 
  especially with a 2560x widescreen display . 
  being the default has nothing to do with me bashing it . 
  it seriously lacks features compared to firefox or chrome . 
  i really do n't understand why she went for even bigger . 
  the 2nd looked much better .
