  even this one seems to take up more space than just putting it on the case, 
  judges, 
  i miss the time when crap tv was just handheld camera footage with dramatic voiceover or clips from foreign tv with dramatic voiceover . 
  and eurosport showed watts . 
  they 're extremely large to the point of becoming inpractical and rarely seen in nature because they 're specifically bred this way ( to become wall ornaments ), 
  because the judges are in charge of the measuring that is required after every throw and there are a lot of throws in a competition so the judges running to the sidelines and back would add a minute or two between every throw . 
   budweiser is not beer . 
  it 's an alcoholic beverage that 's adopted the term `` beer . '', 
  yeah we all knew this already . 
  priorities, 
  whenever people require the use of '' / s '' on reddit i wonder if i 'm the only one without autism on this site . 
  sarcasm never has and never will be hard to detect even in written form . 
  he 's the one in the group who 's always last and does n't understand what the hate is about, 
  every single pro player on twitch plays copyrighted music during their streams . 
   show a much lower quality stream than youtube, 
  this always comes up in every youtube stream comment chain and i 've never understood it . 
  source quality twitch and full quality youtube streams look exactly identical to me . 
  i do n't know about the bandwidth because i live in a civilized country where bandwidth has n't been an issue since the 90s so i 'm not commenting on that but people always praise the `` better quality '' of youtube streams when there is literally zero difference . 
  but i have n't had an issue with that either since ~ 2012 when they reworked their site ( streams got a delay ) . 
  i get source quality on both my pc and phone without ever seeing any stutter or buffering . 
  regardless i 'm not commenting on the bandwidth but the fact that people always mention the `` increase in quality '' when there is n't one . 
   though it did sound like you were trying to correct rather than clarify, 
  probably because of, 
   i 'm just correcting him . 
  i do n't have anything bad to say about her boobies but it 's funny how we look at the same picture and your reaction is `` she seems cool '' while mine is `` wow she seems incredibly obnoxious '', 
  not really . 
  you can get fired , but not sued . 
  especially when all he posted was `` it was awful '' . 
  you honestly do n't think there are american citizens in places like guantanamo and other even more secret prisons ? 
  this is n't a retail job thing . 
  this is a us thing . 
  like clapping and smiling with your teeth out . 
  yeah they were real lucky finnish people are so fucking cheap and have no sense of quality or even actively seek to avoid quality not to seem superior to their jealous neighbours that they did great here . 
  well yeah but the escalator is n't supposed to have anything down there so it does n't even have to make that distinction . 
   do n't rock the boat , your career is not worth some internet points . 
  yeah but how about human lives ? 
  if this escalator has had issues for years and is still in service what 's to say the one next to it is in any better condition ? 
  mavrin has a nice life, 
  yeah but it 's supposed to have wood in it so it has to differentiate between finger and wood . 
  an escalator is n't supposed to have either , shutting down when detecting dry wood or a finger is equally acceptable . 
  nice shot thanks for posting, 
  secret club of people who can use google, 
  not as quickly and those things have limitations how long you 're allowed to use them . 
  they weigh a shit ton . 
  zowie mice do n't use any software and their new mice have the best sensor in the market ( cm and some other manufacturers have mice that use the same sensor ), 
  how is that legal to drive on roads ? 
  probably depends on country and union regulations etc. 
  but my mom works in tv production and around the time of the last summer olympics she mentioned her cameramen can only do it for something like 30 minutes before taking a 15 minute break so they have to rotate people and cameras . 
  as a man who enjoys masturbating to selfies of finnish b list celebrities i have to say i 've never even heard of her but google did find one more http://i.imgur.com/b55vvye.jpg, 
  it 's also probably just an automated script that detects high ping and basic geolocation from ip and gives a `` sorry , players from [ your country ] are not allowed message, 
  probably to prevent high ping players from trying again, 
  geolocating an ip on a country level is not very complicated , i had one on a cs 1.4 server just to greet people . 
  few lines of code, 
  people are less likely to try again if they think their country is banned, 
  players constantly reconnecting puts unnecessary stress on the server, 
  also you have to have the limit at something realistic like 150 so people do n't get kicked right away if their ping spikes a little . 
  still players with low pings are preferred for both server performance and player enjoyment . 
  the message serves to drive away players who are hitting the maximum and discouraging them from reconnecting, 
  there 's rarely anything a person can actively do to improve their ping other than switching isps, 
  is the psn version out yet ? 
  it 's completely explaining the situation and i do n't understand what you do n't get, 
  high ping players are not wanted, 
  ping varies, 
  a `` high ping '' message would encourage players to try again, 
  players reconnecting is bad, 
  it 's to discourage you from reconnecting but you are right it makes more sense in europe where countries are a reasonable estimate of distance and therefore ping . 
  it 's fairly common to find bots capable of this on the eu servers of pc multiplayer game with dedicated servers such as battlefield . 
  i 'm sure the same bots are used on na servers too but i 've never played there so idk, 
  shit ive been waiting, 
  yea 3 minutes remaining aww yis, 
  this is terrible, 
  tera patrick 's boobs are real ? 
  son , i have some bad news for you . 
  honestly i did n't see a general lee thing before i read op 's title . 
  i just though it was an orange lexus with a race stripe and number . 
  took a moment to even realize the sub it was posted on . 
  works with res or if you 've set up your referers, 
  it 's the same as trying 10 times , quitting then coming back to it later and getting it on the first try . 
  i have family in portland maine ( i 'm euro ) and used to visit them quite a bit as a kid so growing up i always though lobster was to americans the same as potato or something back home . 
  served at most meals . 
  yeah that 's the time i 'd spend in maine when school 's out, 
  i do n't know about that but they 're making an unnecessary long thing with a weak punchline, 
  my porn folder is called `` porn '' because i 'm an adult and i have my own computer, 
  because the `` nearly infinite porn collection '' of tube sites is either 360p rips with purposfully obfuscated titles to fool copyright claims or 5 minute clips when the original video is 50 minutes long in glorious 1080p, 
  or you could just use your 5 terabytes of hard drive space and 1 gbit connection that you get in year 2015 and dive into porn trackers that hold and organize everything neatly even better than paysites do, 
  the president 's true power is influencing the mind of the people yet when he does that he 's blaimed for not doing enough before, 
  yeah i surely wish people stop submitting quality content because some users were on inferior devices . 
  a whore, 
  welcome to being old . 
  b-but do n't you know that barbie is a male sex fantasy while he-man is a male power fantasy . 
  probably because `` free the nipple '' does n't mean anyone is forced to show their nipples but scantily clad fictional female characters are made to parade around like this . 
  i have n't started up reborn since day 1 of beta . 
  is the map still all squares ? 
  or he was simply trying to get away and after he got caught and was likely facing life in prison decided to kill himself . 
  killing cops at the station would n't have helped him escape so why bother ? 
  real life is n't gta . 
  well the secret police is rarely loved by many people regardless which country you 're in . 
  how did nazis ruin anything ? 
  i love ancient rome so i still spend time reading about it . 
  how are nazis supposed to change that in any way ?
