  must feel nice getting that door launched at your face by a battering ram, 
  yeah but a warrant does n't mean you must destroy everything between the police station and the wanted person, 
  it 's `` for fun '' since according to the story they did n't even give him a chance to open it before deciding to break it down . 
  i read news articles about both of the cases and neither mentioned any of this . 
  all it said was he asked the casino for a certain deck and his assistant gave the dealer instructions on how to deal so the mark was more visible . 
  unless you have a source on the bribe to manufacturer i 'm going to assume that 's bullshit and the dealer does n't have to accommodate such requests from a player . 
  he chose to . 
  it 's the casino 's liability . 
   i 'm saying that , having discovered this flaw , he knowingly cheated and then tried to shift the blame entirely away from himself by claiming that it was a legitimate strategy . 
   he knowingly cheated, 
  show me where in the rules of baccarat is it not allowed to make decisions based on the backs of the cards . 
  i 've never heard of such a rule . 
  what does fraps help ? 
  the game does n't run any better and now you 're glancing over at a jumping number every 2 seconds . 
  because you do n't understand the reference you yourself are making, 
  actually i 'm quite sure all casinos do have rules about touching the dealer or the cards, 
  you 'd think that would be mentioned in the article . 
  also the judge went on record saying `` i am entirely convinced that mr. ivey did not consider that what he was doing was cheating . '', 
  so either he assumes one of the most succesful poker players on earth to not know casino rules or it is n't one . 
   he had marked cards put in, 
  not marked . 
  ones with a miniscule printing error, 
   i do n't think it 's plausible that this obscure manufacturer accidentally started marking their cards . 
  you do n't think it 's plausible that printing errors somestimes happen by accident ? 
  what can i even say . 
  must be nice having that level of confidence in card manufacturers . 
   how do you think ivey figured it out ? 
  looking at every deck on the planet with a magnifying glass ? 
  by randomly coming across them and then looking into it after noticing the error ? 
  either way even if he did know about it beforehand ( which i think everyone agrees upon ) it 's entirely the casino 's responsibility to make sure the cards are suitable for playing . 
  if the casino did n't feel comfortable with his request they should 've turned his business down . 
  him asking for the cards does n't take any of the responsibility away from the casino . 
   i simply can not fathom how this could be considered `` legitimate strategy '' . 
  seems like a clear-cut case of cheating to me . 
  because it 's the casino 's responsibility to make sure such exploits are n't possible . 
  it 's not the player 's responsibility to refrain himself from using this information after the casino has made it available . 
  the player should n't be put in that position in the first place . 
  once the dealer starts dealing it means the casino has approved these cards for play . 
  backpedaling on that decision after losing should n't be an option . 
  i actually hate ivey as a person , i just do n't think he 's in the wrong here . 
  you do realize the card backs did n't give him knowledge of every card , right ? 
  just enough to slightly tilt the chances over 50 % . 
  why would one of the top poker players in the world not `` waste the time '' to learn the deck when it obviously is very financially benefitial . 
  especially as a man who has such `` savant '' tendencies to put it nicely i do n't consider it impossible at all that he casually noticed an off-centre print and then went on to exploit his find . 
  well i 'm not a german lawyer , this was just the explanation offered to me in a discussion about the article . 
  but all the news stories about it do report him being charged with something that translates to `` defacing a corpse '' in addition to `` hate speech '' so therr must be some truth to it, 
  especially when it is n't even a funny opinion or statement that just happens to get a huge get . 
  this shit is so obvious yet newfags continue to be impressed by it because they actually believe in these gets, 
  the map hack thing has nothing to do with shackle . 
  it 's a general principle that the client doenst have knowledge of info the player isnt supposed to see ( fog , invis ) to prevent hacks that would reveal this info . 
  the interaction with shackle is just a side effect, 
  you can just ult from invis anyway, 
  macs dont use . exe, 
  well it would reveal the location of riki for aoe spells . 
  even if not abusable it would be a buff to shackleshot, 
  yeah i 've had a bottle opener attached to my keys for nearly a decade now and still instinctively always grab the lighter when trying to open a bottle, 
  netflix has non-hd plans ? 
  never heard of it, 
  i pay 9.90 a month for 100mbps, 
  netflix would literally double my internet costs, 
   poor man 's directv, 
  he actually believes this, 
   i just find it hard to believe that the cards would be printed in such a way that cards of a certain value would be off center in any perceivable way . 
  well i do n't think there would actually be a connection with the values and the misprints . 
  just that this batch of cards has issues with aligning the card backs in general and someone who notices tiny details will after a period of playing be able to memorize a few of them . 
  he would have to `` learn '' the deck again at each visit ( assuming the casino switches the decks and just sticks to the type of deck ) . 
   normal people would n't notice any bottlenecking . 
  again this claim . 
  on a sub obsessed with frame rates and texture resolution . 
  why on earth would a normal person suddenly not notice a significant hinderance to their performance ? 
  if it makes you feel any better i could get 400mbps for 19.90 but i just do n't find the upgrade worth the price difference . 
  these are the sacrifices you have to make when you 're poor . 
  i am quite familiar with gambling but you 're right my knowledge of baccarat is very limited . 
   to gain the kind of edge ivey had over a duration where he could win millions , there had to be a pretty significant amount of marking, 
  but the articles say he accumulated the money over a number of visits playing all day with 100k stake per game . 
  as long as the leverage he got from the cards is enough to tilt the return to his advantage it just takes time and patience to get up to millions . 
  the only homeless people in finland are so by choice . 
  meaning they refuse state funded living because of some personal beliefs or opinions or simple preference to live independently in the wild . 
  no one is forced to live on the street no matter how bad their lives are . 
  finland, 
  as opposed to all the necessary bragging in the world ? 
  well i * can * afford it . 
  i 'd just rather spend that money elsewhere since i have the option . 
  did you just come up with this on yourself or did someone actually teach you this ? 
  by the way it 's total horse shit either way . 
  you do n't even need to look further than the dictionary definition, 
   racism, 
  \u02c8re\u026as\u026az ( \u0259 ) m /, 
  the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics , abilities , or qualities specific to that race , especially so as to distinguish it as ** inferior or superior ** to another race or races . 
  oh i never called him a bad person . 
  i just always disliked him personally . 
  nothing more than his personality back when watching poker on tv was a thing . 
  this is what i used to do ~ 1995 to 2012 but even this does n't feel suficient anymore . 
  the old problem was the games did n't evolve fast enough to justify a new game each year . 
  so you got one every other year , problem solved . 
  the new problem is the focus of the development and new features are heavily in the hut/fut online modes which are blatantly p2w . 
  if you 're the type of person who does n't enjoy p2w gaming the games have pretty much stagnated to where they were 5 years ago . 
  with prettier lighting thans to next gen technology . 
  do n't know anything about league but i expect it to be similiar to dota . 
   you could play 100 hours and still have no idea what you 're doing,
