  i 'm not sayign they 're the same game . 
  i 'm saying with each iteration bf is moving closer to cod with a faster pace every time . 
  even the equipment grind is pretty much a copy of what we 've seen in cod ever since mw2 . 
  yeah bf2 had unlockable weapons but it was a far cry from the cod system and now the two are almost indistinguishable . 
  nobody is arguing they know how to make a shitty game that appeals to wide audiences . 
  in fact people are saying exactly that . 
  they 're compromising the integrity of a classic game to appeal to noobs . 
  i 'm pretty sure there was a post about how you should n't really do this as it damages the vaccuum . 
  kinda like sticking the hose into a sofa cushion and letting it suck . 
  they keep buffing weapons that require less control and skill and keep nerfing the traditional cs weapons . 
  they have this idea that `` every gun should be viable '' which sounds nice but it has never been a thing in counter-strike and suddenly making this obscure idea a top priority is hurting the game and it 's something the devs are fixated about but most fans and players really do n't want . 
  i 'm not saying it 's inherently bad . 
  i 'm saying it should n't be a top priority . 
  cs has never been about having a wide array of weapons . 
  1.6 had 3 weapons ( not including pistols ) that were ever used and it was a fantastic game . 
  cs is about mastering the mechanics of those few weapons and then using teamwork to beat your opponents . 
  a large selection of weapons is n't what made cs popular or why people play the game . 
  there are other games for that , like battlefield or cod where having a wide range of weapons and attachments for everyone to customize for their own playstyle is a fundamental part of the enjoyment . 
  cs is closer to quake arena or shootmania that does n't even have gun models . 
  i 'm not against making more guns viable , but right now valve is approaching this in a way where they keep buffing the easiest spammable `` run and gun '' weapons that newbie players might enjoy using but they 're doing it at the cost of slowly destroying what originally made cs such a popular game . 
  i do n't think it 's an intimacy thing , she probably just did n't want him to touch her hair . 
  unless they changed something recently you need gem lvl + 10 lvls to have a 100 % chance so lvl1 is never efficient . 
  it did n't back then . 
  was n't runescape always free to play ? 
  i never tried it but i always assumed so . 
  you played it in your browser , right ? 
  what personally pissed me off about maximus black was that he kept uploading videos with sc2 names/preview pics then completely ignored the game . 
  when cheese fails is great and a bit of offtopic was always a part of the series but since he stopped playing sc2 the episodes just became maximus black talk show with an sc2 replay playing on the background . 
  yeah , i do n't . 
  but we are ? 
  probably not the same people . 
  you know more than one person visits reddit aside from you , right ? 
  haha took me about 10 tries until i got a working one . 
  too bad it 's an outdoor camera with nobody around but at least the theory works . 
  8 working ones from the 100 first results . 
  works better than i expected tbh . 
   i downloaded porn via limewire once upon a time . 
  see , the thing is , the titles always reflected the search but the videos could be anything . 
  once i was looking for amateur porn , saw a fairly popular torrent and decided to try it . 
  keyword being once upon a time . 
  people have n't really done that since the late 90s early 2000s . 
  this excuse would 've been believable 15 years ago , not so much now . 
  you do n't go to emule or dc + + etc. 
  for your porn needs unless it 's something not widely available on ( non-deep web ) stream/torrent sites . 
  these are n't last week but just my favourite simple mods . 
  [ toggle traffic lights ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=411833858&amp;searchtext= ), 
  it 's a bit op if you use it everywhere and looks pretty ridiculous in huge intersections because the cars are way too synchronized ( [ it looks like this ] ( https://vimeo.com/106226560 ) ) but used on smaller roads like suburds etc. 
  it makes the traffic flow more steadily and also looks really nice . 
  in real life you do n't have traffic lights at every intersection either . 
  also helps tons with makeshift roundabouts . 
  [ moving sun ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=420230361 ), 
  adds a day-night cycle to the game . 
  pretty quick on default but it has extensive ( easy to use ) settings so you can make the day last just as long as you like and also control how deep into the night it goes ( the game is n't designed for night gameplay so there 's really no streetlights etc. 
  and it gets pretty dark so it 's better to just jump from sunset to sunrise ) . 
  on top of these the most popular ones from workshop are all pretty good . 
  the extended public transport ui , auto color lines , extended road ui , all areas purchasable , no money from milestones etc. 
  are all good additions . 
  whenever i go to the `` most popular '' i 'm like `` oh that did bother me a bit , nice '' `` well i did n't even think about fixing that , but i 'm glad someone else did '' etc. 
  and gotten slowly rid of all the small details that bothered me at launch . 
  but they wo n't http://kotaku.com/ea-shuts-down-simcity-developer-maxis-1689454903, 
   darkspore in 2011, 
  holy shit i 've never even heard of this game . 
  kinda strange to think that a game by maxis and ea could go totally unnoticed with all the marketing power they have . 
  you 'd think at least somebody would mention it casually . 
  maybe because that 's who they are and they 're both well known figures . 
  no it is n't, 
  i 'm surprised someone technologicall inept enough to take a picture of a screen would have res installed . 
  also why streamers never use screen capture , they use game capture or window capture . 
  this would n't happen if the guy was n't being lazy and used screen capture . 
  because the game unloked at 2am ( or whatever the time was over there , it was a simultaneous global release ) and you could `` predownload '' it and most streamers started their stream before 2am building up anticipation and audience for the release moment . 
  so he probably showed the key even before the game was actually accesible . 
  go to stockmann or a similiar store that has a bakery inside the supermarket or just straight up go to a bakery . 
  i would n't buy factory made supermarket bread unless i have no choice . 
   tfw feel stories on the internet are the only thing that can make me emotional, 
  oh and slow motion clips from hockey playoffs/olympics, 
  you do realize that 's not a pun , it 's the exact word infidelity comes from ? 
  a person guilty of infidelity is an infidel . 
  yes they do . 
  islam and christianity share many key values . 
  the ten commandments for example . 
  how do you know it has n't been leaked ? 
  i could say icefrog 's real name is jack smith and you would n't believe me or put any emphasis on the statement because i 'm not a credible source . 
  and because i 'm just a nickname on reddit you could n't even tell the difference if i was actually icefrog 's boss or neighbour and speaking the truth . 
  the only way anyone would believe a `` leak '' was to do it publicly with their own name and profession like somebody from valve hr department tweeting on their official account or the like . 
  and of course nobody wants to do that because they actually have to work in that industry and everyone would consider them unreliable and an overall dick . 
   if the reasons for splits were mutually agreeable enough to be used as vote bait then they were mutually agreeable enough to be talked about at the time . 
  and since they were n't , that tells me there was a reason for it . 
  it also happened years ago . 
  things change . 
  no it does n't . 
  with dotabuff plus you can see seperate tower damage/structure damage and out of those two the one displayed on the free dotabuff page like in the video is the towers only . 
  people play bot matches other than testing out their console commands ? 
  they did n't ban him for that . 
  he did that , and he got banned . 
  two separate things . 
  this is largely explained by [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3ty3aya.png ) . 
  if you want to go out of yourself to identify yourself as a female on the internet ( which is irrelevant to about 99 % of topics ) you 're asking for it . 
  we were talking about how women are treated online . 
  nobody 's saying women should hide their gender . 
  i 'm saying a lot of times women bring it up when it 's completely unrelated .
