  imgur has 2 mb limit on gif upload size . 
  so i used min.us . 
  the hd version above is 20 mb which min.us had no problems with . 
  impressive . 
  you can easily get it down to ~ 4-5 mb without any visible loss if you optimize the saving options in photoshop, 
  anyone else read the title with the voice of the epic meal time guy ? 
  fukken saved, 
  yeah if you want kiddie kinect shit, 
  personally i 'd just get a plain xbox from amazon, 
   funny how everyone knew exactly which video this would be before they clicked on the link . 
  ftfy, 
  i 've tried about a dozen different eye-drops and the best ones cost about $ 4.50, 
  price has nothing to do with effectiveness, 
  i fucking hate people who feel the need to take pictures of everything . 
  `` her '' name has xxx in it and only makes sex comics from a girl 's point of view i wonder what 's up . 
  no , he continued surfing reddit at home forever alone, 
  if it is the actual photo one of following statements is n't true :, 
   super hot, 
   months, 
  point being there never was a retarded intern, 
  i 've always written refridgerator with a d :(, 
  or adblock . 
  there are sponsored links on reddit ? 
  actually not a bad strategy, 
  everyone i know hates will ferrell . 
  he 's like adam sandler or ben stiller to most . 
  that movie was fucking shit though . 
  lol, 
  xbox360 is where all true nhl players are at, 
  where i live a pizza hut pizza is over 30 $, 
  stop bitching about your $ 10 pizza, 
  nooo that 's not it . 
  people hate those twilight faggots because they 're well-liked . 
  shitty comedians are just shitty . 
  mine has always looked about like that, 
  k thanks, 
  was scared there for a bit, 
  well that 's ... stupid . 
  the people who do n't know of it have to know to turn it on manually . 
  and there is simply no reason to have it off . 
  somehow i do n't think i 'll update to that version, 
  u mad ? 
  honestly hands down top-5 worst comedies i 've seen in the last 10 years . 
  and i love samuel l. jackson , dwayne johnson & marky mark so it was a bit of a shock . 
  i know but they are the 2nd and 3rd names on imdb, 
  i fucked your sister last night, 
  sorry but i 've only seen girls and/or noobs do this, 
  no offense, 
  i used to own it and play it all the time . 
  a good game but i did n't spin around like a retard . 
  i play quite a lot , and i know i do n't twist the controller around . 
  this is not the first time i 've ever thought about this thing . 
  i was just about to ask if you always held hands with your wingman . 
  might give the wrong message to girls . 
  had you truly been a [ [ 11 ] ] ( http://potimages.com/data/media/8/universal_420_highness_chart.png ) you could n't have made any of these connections . 
  it probably was n't 10 feet from where he pushed the cart . 
  i always try to aim for the cart-thingy from my car , sometimes you miss and it 's not like you 'll walk all the way over to place it perfectly [ ] ( / fuckthatshit ), 
  i 'm playing gta iii on windows 7 in a window while redditing on my mac right now, 
  i would n't say amazing but yeah i would n't mind eating one, 
  i 've seen water splash up from a lot less and there 's nothing more disgusting than bong water on your lips, 
  i need her name for a school project, 
  let the good times roll, 
  we need a name for justice, 
  dropping is poop because it has been dropped from an ass, 
  yeah i now see it was in the picture, 
  full recipe please, 
  preferences - , 
  do n't show links after i 've liked them ( except my own ), 
  do n't show links after i 've disliked them ( except my own ), 
  i do n't care what any of you say . 
  this works . 
  exactly . 
  especially when it 's in browser history and not on like the desktop . 
  your week must 've sucked, 
  i prefer my regular wireless keyboard to that, 
  ca n't remember ever needing back-lit keys , even when i had them in my mbp, 
  but many do . 
  what 's your point ? 
  notch should go door to door to ask every mc player in the world ? 
  i actually liked the 4th one as well . 
  it 's nice to change things up a bit every now and then . 
  unfortunately that 's all the writers have done since then . 
  i do n't have any sauce but for some reason the `` save '' button is n't working for me so i 'm just posting a comment to remember to check on this, 
  so not only does sex feel better , you also get more of it ? 
  brb got ta withdraw my savings account, 
   we were raised up to believe that this shit was bad, 
   what i 'm doing is `` sin '', 
  where were you raised ? 
  in the middle ages ? 
  i do n't really feel anything after ejaculation ( except `` ewwww , close tab '' ) when masturbating but if i have sex i need my alone time afterwards . 
  and i have decently active sex life . 
  people who knowingly upvote reposts make this the greatest community ever ? 
  what the fuck man, 
  i did n't but actually the virtually machine has many advantages . 
  you can add your own checkpoints and never have to quit the game ( suspend virtual machine -  quit vmware . 
  next time i start it up it continues from exactly where i left it ), 
  also [ extremely relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lugc1prarzk ), 
  `` land '' genius !, 
  especially when land and country is the same word in finnish, 
  `` for fucks sake is there something wrong with my firefox it wo n't show alt text '' & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;,
