  save on map packs ? 
  elite is 69,90 $ ( $ 92 ) over here . 
  how many map packs are they going to make if elite is going to be cheaper than paying 1200pts for each ? 
  it 's been a few years since i last saw her pics . 
  she done hc yet ? 
  who the fuck would boost in mw3 when it takes like two afternoons to unlock all the weapons anyway, 
  is n't turtling surrendering ? 
  the other team gets full stamina like they won . 
  so why is it a scumbag move ? 
  not that i ever turtle , but i do n't mind if someone turtles against me . 
  i do n't see why posting this to gw would be a risk but nevertheless i 'm glad you posted it to any of the subreddits i subscrive to . 
  yeah i could easily go an entire day with the content of one `` box '' let alone 4 a day . 
  i honestly do n't get the `` vapes are conservative '' myth . 
  i have the arizer solo , my friends have the extreme q , iolite , volcano and silver surfer and i use each ( except for volcano , bags suck ) weekly so i have a pretty vast experience with different vapes and there is no way in hell they would conserve weed . 
  when you smoke , you 're high for like 2-3 hours . 
  when you vape granted you do n't need as much weed in one bowl but you 're high for like 15-30 minutes after you stop sucking on it . 
  who the fuck with access to xbl would want to play against the cpu, 
  i 've never tried smoking tea but i 'd figure practicing with tobacco might be a bit more enjoyable, 
  in theatre it 's pretty common . 
  they often have `` warnings '' or announcements in the beginning that the smoke coming from the stage is not actual tobacco smoke but instead `` herbs '' . 
  which sounds better than it is . 
  i 'm sorry and i hate myself but it was at 419 ... 
  `` the doctor & bigg snoop '', 
  love it, 
  mflb is not a very good vape despite [ / r/trees ] ( / r/trees ) admins making a deal with the manufacturer and advertising it everywhere on here . 
  i personally think the arizer vapes or the silver surfer are the best . 
  do n't get me wrong i still love to vape , it 's a different kinda high , but i would never agree that vaping saves weed . 
  vapor and smoke are certainly not the same way and the chemicals released from the plant in these two different methods are n't identical either . 
  just like edibles give an extremely different sort of high compared to smoking or vaping . 
  it 's not a bad vape , there are just many that are better . 
  i like the mflb 's compact size but the hits are not as big or `` full '' as say example the silver surfer . 
  also it 's not as simple to refill/stir , granted it 's still pretty easy . the website does n't mention the temperature anywhere ( which is not a good sign ) but based on my experiences it does n't go nearly as high as some others ( ss , extreme q ) and not all the thc is extracted . 
  that 's a pretty minor inconvenience compared to not having fun at all during the entire match . 
  i 'm curious as to why you 'd call the volcano easier with friends . 
  i think the ss tube thingy is pretty easy to pass and i like how none goes to waste because the weed is not `` connected '' to the heating part when not in use and there 's no stale vapor . 
   i have n't seen a portable battery powered vape that will get you hits that are really comparable to a desktop vape . 
  have you tried the arizer solo . 
  it 's pretty goddamn great . 
  yes that is one of the many differences . 
  but thc is not the only active component in marijuana . 
  there are many and they all react differently to burning or heating . 
  the volcano does n't waste either . 
  i was talking more about vapes like the arizer q or solo where the weed is always `` in the hot '' and you can easily forget you even had it on and it heats it for no purpose . 
  i have n't noticed any serious leakage or `` waste '' but there 's bound to be some if the weed stays in the 200 + celsius for that long . 
  if you 're looking for a quality portable vape i have nothing but good things to say about the arizer solo . 
  i had tried the solo , volcano , extreme q , iolite , mlfb , vapostar and silver surfer several times before making a decision and solo was the one i decided to get . 
  e. i came up with one negative , with the cord that comes with it you ca n't recharge and use it at the same time . 
  luckily pretty much any 9v cord will do and even with the original cord it takes like 10-15 minutes from empty till you can vape an entire bowl so it 's not like you have to wait an eternity . 
  the housing is plastic , but in the `` delivery system '' or whatever you want to call it there is no plastic . 
  the tube and the bowl is entirely glass and the heating part is ceramic . 
  it is slightly bigger than the mflb but i would n't call anything the size of a red bull can `` bulky '' . 
  easily fits in my jacket pocket at least . 
  i do n't carry it around much though , i mostly use it at home but i like not having all the cords and whatnot to deal with . 
  the hits are unlike any other portable vape . 
  it 's downvoted because just because we enjoy the game mw3 does n't mean we give jack shit about some random clan leader 's racist attitude and it certainly is n't a newsflash that there are racist people in cod/america/world . 
  now if this was in the reddit west clan subreddit or whatever it 'd be a different story . 
  yeah and you get exactly what you pay for, 
  * - owner of both 360 and ps3 *, 
  i 'm not lawyer either but it 's probably illegal pretending to be someone else , pissing off a bunch of people and then providing that someone else 's home address `` if they want to fight '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure the illegal part is giving someone else 's home address to a bunch of angry niggers rather than calling them niggers . 
  i do n't get why `` ease '' was ok but `` easy '' was n't . 
  neither e nor y touched s , they both touched a so that should n't be the issue but one was ok and the other was n't . 
  this might be a problem with the boggle game itself though , first time i 'm playing it and learning as i go . 
  i do n't know if smoking either can be considered healthy . 
  besides if you 're only smoking a couple to `` practice '' i think the health effects are pretty minimal in the long run . 
  which part did amazon claim was plastic and metal ? 
  because to be honest i have no clue what the insides are made of other than it feels like very hard plastic but it has a sturdy `` high quality '' weight to it that feels metally . 
  all i know is the heating part is ceramic ( [ source ] ( http://arizersolo.net/faq/what-type-of-heating-element-does-the-arizer-solo-use/ ) ) and the tube is clearly glass . 
  i got mine from [ vaposhop ] ( http://www.vaposhop.com ) . 
  one thing i do n't like about the ss is that i think it 's very easy to burn the weed . 
  it 's not as huge a problem for me since i also enjoy smoking and at least i know i `` pushed the temperature to the limit '' when trying to get those last hits but i have some friends who strongly prefer vaping for medical reasons and they dislike how easy it is to accidentally burn it . 
  it 's not like it tastes very good either tbh , but i guess that 's the price of making sure none go to waste , 
   this game , the spiritual successor to games like the original rainbow six and swat series, 
  this sounds like the game i 've been waiting for the last decade . 
  yes , raven shield came out 9 years ago . 
  i know , what the fuck . 
  you are now an official backer of takedown . 
  well you 're right he probably made it up but his word is the only thing to go on here and if he 's not lying i 'd guess it 's illegal . 
  that 's why we investigate rather than just punish people outright . 
  though i agree , this sounds like a waste of resources . 
  okay that makes sense . 
  still though nothing but ceramic and glass come in contact with the weed which is what i think is the important part , right ? 
  oh no i did n't mean the hits always taste bad . 
  i meant that it 's easy to accidentally ignite the weed a little bit and ** after that ** the hits taste pretty horrible , not to mention the one where there was smoke mixed in . 
  it 's probably the plastic tube , because it tastes nothing like regular pipes . 
  not only do they make your eyes white as paper they boost your confidence tremendously because you know you look sober so it 's a lot easier to act sober . 
  also if i know i have red eyes i tend to avoid direct eye contact even if i try not to . 
  which if often a dead give away . 
  money ? 
  oh yeah you have to pay universities out of your own pocket in amurica . 
  if you challenge someone into a fight and then run into them with the goalie you can start a fight even if the other guy does n't want to , 
  a good tip for us that win over 90 % of fights . 
  the stamina boost can decide games . 
  i do n't know i 've been using the solo for quite some time and am using it right at this very moment ( though i did put it down to write this comment ) and i have n't notice any plasticy or metallicy tastes . 
  it just tastes like marijuana vapor , not a very good taste but definitely not plasticy . 
  i 'm not sure what plastic is supposed to smell like but i ca n't smell anything but weed . 
  if you stay in civilized areas ( the coast ) no one could care less . 
  in the country side people are of course simpler and more prone to thinking with stereotypes but even there the worst you get is `` so you 're family probably comes from money '' which is not a huge insult in my book . 
  well , the manual that shipped with the solo is nothing but a faux for custom officers etc. 
  for example the whole tube-mouthpiece-bowl thingy is not mentioned at all .
