  it was n't meant to be taken seriously and even x-files depicted mulder 's friends as silly conspiracy theorists . 
  just because it 's a `` preference '' does n't mean it is n't a retarded thing to say . 
  reddiquette is not rules and we both know it does n't apply to how reddit is actually used . 
  stupid things do get downvoted and i do n't think that 's wrong either , the users define how the features are used , not `` reddiquette '' . 
  op said a stupid thing that 's not even correct . 
  for all i care he deserved the downvotes . 
  you hardly need a numpad to use buy binds . 
  i have nothing bound to any of the keys right of g and i even use more keybinds than the default settings . 
  resolution does n't affect your sensitivity in any way . 
  stretching the image does but two resolutions of the same ratio function totally identically with the same sensitivity . 
  there were also like 3 people total who played source so there 's that . 
  it 's not about comfort . 
  it 's because these guys have been doing lan tournaments since the late 90s and ten years ago cs tournaments were n't anything like they are now . 
  they 're used to being crammed onto a small space and having to fit 5 guys on a table with barely enough room so they got used to playing like that . 
  nowadays they have plenty of space but pro players seem borderline superstitious when it comes to changing anything they 're used to . 
  because there are hard mats that are so frictionless you can blow on your mouse to make it move . 
  and they do n't scratch your mouse like a table does . 
  i would never recommend those teflon mats because some controlled friction is actually better but if you do n't want `` resistance '' there are still much better alternatives than a table . 
  are you saying every other language in europe and south america does n't use different words ? 
  for 19.90 a month i would get 350mbps but i do n't find the upgrade worth doubling the price . 
  2ms ping to speedtest.net is also a nice perk of fibre . 
  is it a replay bug that it looks like bs dies before the clock even hooks ? 
  bs is at 100 % hp so it seems odd it would die so quickly . 
  yeah pudge is definitely picked too much in the pro scene and the kind of people who pick him in pubs are known to care about game balance :\\ ^ ), 
   does n't mean it 's anyone else 's business either . 
  what you do with your money is nobody else 's business . 
  when you go online and announce to everyone that this is how you 'll spend your money and think it 's a good idea it becomes everybody else 's business . 
  what 's the point of online message boards if you ca n't comment on anything anyone else says since `` it 's their life '' ? 
  i 'm not the one who started it . 
  he 's the one who decided to declare `` i think it 's smart to first get it on ps4 and then on pc '' and i 'm the one who just asked `` why do you think so ? '', 
   and although they were always tilted 45 degrees, 
  but they were n't, 
  the other half was the leet crew terrorist crouching with an awp, 
  csgo is steadily rising in popularity . 
  sc2 is dying . 
  i can actually believe this `` happened '' . 
  as in she thought this happened . 
  she wanted to get a lawyer to represent her , the lawyer told him she 's not going to win . 
  she told him she does n't believe him ( won the argument ) and went to another law firm . 
  the two weeks thing is just some brainfart that probably sounded cool to her , maybe she had two appointments two weeks apart ? 
  is [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qk89rvu.jpg ) a female version of him or does the artist just draw everyones face in a similiar manner ? 
  there 's squirrels , turtles and frogs in dota2 ? 
  so you quit out of games on purpose and then cry when you get a matchmaking cooldown ? 
  seems like feature working as intended to me . 
  finnish has `` ai '' as well though we also use `` auts '' which is the same as ouch . 
  we also say `` h\u00e4 '' instead of `` huh '', 
  so salty, 
  i 'm the opposite . 
  i absolutely love getting high when i 'm in a bad mood . 
  escapism ftw, 
  90 % of this sub is people getting angry at parodies . 
  it 's pretty funny actually . 
  if you 're already in the water does peeing really increase the amount of stuff going in your urethra ? 
  you sound like the type of person who was n't allowed to leave the house without a helmet . 
  yeah , windows 8.1 here too, 
  what ? 
  steam pauses downloads if you 're in a game ( unless you go back after launching the game and manually resume the download ) . 
  i honestly ca n't even tell the difference between the two . 
  sure if they 're next to each other but in op 's pic for example i would n't be able to tell that 's the old model without the context of the post . 
  i 'm going to get downvoted like everyone else who agrees with the idea but i really do n't see a problem with that . 
  of course if he was touching her or something but that would be assault , not sexual harrasment , and it 's illegal whether you work with someone or not . 
  if he was just flirting with her like people do at a bar and is legal to do at a bar i think it 's bullshit he got fired . 
  a lot of people view chiropractors the same way they view holistic medicine and the like https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chiropractic_controversy_and_criticism, 
  the picture on the right is from the re-release steam version . 
   the ps1 only `` won '' because it was the first halfway decent , cd-based 3d gaming system at an affordable price point , and enjoyed considerable third-party support, 
  it also had a controller that was designed for human hands . 
  to be fair ps1 is n't the only reason this picture looks the way it does . 
  look at the bottom . 
  [ this part ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pfiy6if.jpg ) is not from a ps1 and it looks like absolute shit because the image has been compressed like a billion times . 
  i feel for people who 've gone their entire life having only protected sex . 
  fucking with a rubber feels so bad it 's almost not worth it . 
  i have no fucking clue what fragility even means in this context but finally we won something !, 
  makes sense, 
  beating a dead horse is our specialty, 
  i do n't know i have pretty expensive in-ear headphones that i mostly use for running and i 've never heard of this phenomenon . 
  i 'm trying it out right now and nothing i do to the cable makes any noise . 
  i say gl and gg every time and never anything else s t a r c r a f t b o i s, 
  it looks like she 's grabbing both the cap and the little seal part the cap is connected to . 
  on some bottles those turn freely so if you try to screw both nothing happens . 
  sleep tight pupper, 
  i feel like you 'd be even less likely to admit it if you were still high . 
  but it 's not betting , it 's like playing roulette or buying a lottery ticket . 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with csgo except they 're using csgo skins instead of money to work around some laws about internet gambling . 
  sites like csgolounge where you bet skins on the results of pro matches are completely different . 
  i realize that but if you pause the video at [ the moment bs dies ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jfwnw6q.png ) clock has a lot of hp left . 
  not to mention clock was at ~ 85 % when he activated his blademail so at that point he 's only taken about 20 % of his max hp worth of damage at most . 
  even with +40 % it amplification it should n't kill the bs that quickly . 
  i still do n't understand how anyone can see that as a defence against a murder charge . 
  how is it different from walking up to someone , shooting them in the head and saying `` oh i only meant to scare them , i tried to hit the wall behind them '' or something like that . 
  literally every murder with a firearm could be ruled `` not intentional '' if the perpetrator saying they did n't actually try to kill the victim would be sufficient evidence . 
  i 'm not saying bs should n't have died . 
  i 'm saying he died a lot quicker than he should have or it 's a replay bug . 
  look at the screenshot i posted , does it look like clock had lost 804 hp at that moment ? 
  but he 's not down to 364 in the screenshot i posted , he 's at 820 the moment bs dies . 
  how fucking difficult is that to comprehend ? 
  in fact if you look at the log you posted you can see the neutral creep was stunned before bloodseeker dies , where as in the webm bs dies almost a full second before the creep was stunned . 
  so it is a replay bug . 
  is one of the two new robot masters from the remake of the original mega man from nes to the psp : mega man powered up . 
  time man is a robot master created by dr. light for use in time travel experiments . 
  however , since his time travel theory had not yet been perfected at the time , time man 's functions are not complete , and time man is consumed by a crippling inferiority complex .
