  it 's impossible to know !, 
   rape research shows that the majority of rape happens in bedrooms and other known locations, 
  even if this is true it 's only because the definition of rape is ridiculous nowadays . 
  a guy gets piss drunk and has sex with a fugly chick -  rage comic . 
  a girl is wasted and goes home with an ugly guy -  rape . 
  honestly i feel bad for people who are actually raped when i read these newstories . 
   society is effectively saying : if you dress like this you might get raped , just saying . 
  that is a fucked up attitude to have . 
  it should be dealt with , not accepted as normal or inevitable . 
  it 's not accepted or normal but yes it is inevitable . 
  unless we lock every single person on this planet in a holding cell there is no way to prevent all rapes . 
  acknowledging the risks in life is not a fucked up attitude to have . 
  shielding your eyes and ears from the truth and contemplating how a perfect world should be is an attitude that gets you nowhere . 
  doing stupid things `` because you have a right '' is even worse . 
  i have the right to leave my wallet hanging out of my back pocket in the subway . 
  i choose not to do so . 
  i am a boyfriend and this is nowhere near what i think when i hear the girls are going for a drink . 
  i just imagine it to be extremely boring with lots of talk . 
  i just do n't care . 
  has worked out fine for me , she has n't gotten gangbanged yet . 
  internet has n't really cared about file extensions for some time now . 
  i 'm sorry i 'm too lazy to find the wiki article on this . 
  just google animated jpg as that 's the most common question people have . 
  i actually watch more sc2 too , but competetive gaming is one thing and watching a singleplayer campaign another . 
  it 's disturbing how north is n't up, 
  well fox news , mtv reality shows and nickelback are popular too . 
  popularity is really a bad way to measure things . 
  sauce, 
  i do n't the question was `` are frames with or without lenses better if you do n't require glasses at all '', 
  more along the lines of `` are you fucking kidding me ? '', 
  anything is better than thongs, 
  at the same time i feel bad for you and grateful for myself . 
  or maybe i just do n't go after the type that wear this hideous crap . 
  umm . 
  yes it is , at least on my news feed it is . 
  also the updates keep automatically updating without refreshing . 
  it does n't go 8,9,10,11 but like 10,15,20,30,45,1 min ,2 min etc, 
  i started dating my current gf on 9/11 . 
  i never forget . 
  i do n't speak for all men . 
  i speak for eight apparently . 
  i am an ass man and i agree in the sense that thongs are one of the worst pieces of attire to admire bootys in, 
  well that 's just awful, 
  yeah go away person with actual experience . 
  forever alones with thousand of hours of knowledge in squirt porn want to circlejerk . 
  how do you sit on somebody 's face without suffocating him ? 
  i mean is it like taking a shit in the forest where you crouch down and support yourself with your thighs or what, 
  no it is n't . 
  if it were this whole capsule thing would be bullshit . 
  the point of abv is that most of the thc has already been consumed . 
  are you saying that to make these capsules he just wasted 75-90 % of the thc in the oven ? 
  decarboxylation and vaporizing are two completely different things . 
  the first one ( which is what was done to these , lower temperature ) activates the thc so there 's no need to burn it . 
  vaporizing not only activates but also , well , vaporizes it . 
  what do you think is the best weapon with the rapid fire ? 
  i 'm yet to find a smg in this game that i do n't hate . 
  it is not meaningful and valuable when you actually live in a country with conscription . 
  it 's fucking bullshit . 
  they force you to stop everything in your life and work for 6-12 months for free and you have to listen to some bullied twat who has authority for the first time in his life yelling all the time . 
  i just faked a drug addiction . 
  it 's not like i would defend any country if a war broke anyway . 
  also it 's ridiculous hearing all this talk about equality when women have to do absolutely fuck all . 
  it 's fucking bullshit . 
  luckily you can avoid it if you fake an illness or a drug addiction . 
  it 's not like i 'm a patriot anyway . 
  i should try spectre . 
  idk , i always try to make a special smg class every now and then but i just get frustrated after a few deaths and switch back to galil/famas, 
  aka . 
  equality unit of the ministry of health and social . . things . 
  arto is a man . 
  also he 's a secretary . 
  actually that sounds like a huge lucky break . 
  in the u.s legal system if the arresting officers made a mistake like that the entire case can easily be thrown out of court . 
  or just had a harvest, 
  dumbass, 
  well not murder but for manslaughter you get out in less than 7 in finland . 
  then again child rapists walk with parole , so ... 
  my favourite case was this one guy who was charged with over 10 cases of child sexual abuse but because it was his first time in court he got like a half-sentence for being a `` first-timer '' . 
  this is common practice in finland . 
  also you usually do like 1/3 -1 / 2 of the already lowered sentence as a first-timer . 
  oh and did i mention you can earn more than the guards . 
  i did n't make that walk with parole stuff up , cases like that are in the news every month . 
  i was born in '90 yet this still applies . 
  so many fucking reposts . 
  i 'm just waiting for the sniper cat or that other cat with his head inside the green fruit, 
  well i 'm an ent who does n't enjoy pink floyd at all so i 'd be surprised if you were alone, 
  well that was crap, 
  did they also tell you you can make your computer start up over 10 times faster by deleting c : / system32 ? 
  i do n't know either but holy fuck [ their site ] ( http://www.drudgereport.com/ ) is ugly, 
  i never thought reddit was ugly, 
  eh . . inline image viewer and click `` view images '' from the top . 
  everything is already open and loaded when you scroll through them, 
  yeah because if there are 28 people that agree those 17 people stop existing . 
  i do n't think you understand how speaking for somebody works . 
  do you consider the opposition in government to speak for negative people as well ? 
   or we could raise awareness about rape and stop blaming women for their own victimization . 
  who does n't know about rape ? 
  raise awareness . . pffft . 
   you have no idea what you are even talking about . 
  have you ever gone out with friends , just to go out with friends ?
