  when he 's talking about alarm disabling etc. 
  is that still gon na make the game or a part of the discarded stealth ? 
   http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2014/08/05/wasteland-2-release/, 
   ps : you 're basically finished now ? 
   brian fargo : we 're in the final stretch . 
  we 're gon na give an update tomorrow or the next day , which is pretty darn representative of the arizona section of the game . 
  that goes out to all the beta testers . 
  all we 're really doing at this point -- because we have very few critical error bugs remaining -- is adding more polish . 
  we make changes all the way to the last second , so it 's adding particle effects , adding more variants of things going on , messaging things better , typos , lots of little things . 
  that 's all going to happen over the next four to five weeks . 
  you can play the whole game start to finish , everything 's in there now , we 're just in the final stretch . 
  sooo ... ok to play now ? 
  steam just says it 's wasteland 2 it does n't have `` beta '' or `` early access '' or anything on it . 
  i 've been `` waiting for the full game '' but this sounds like it . 
  i ca n't find the update log to see if this `` an update '' is out yet . 
  true but it 's the same franchise . 
  yeah i do n't think the way to fix police violence is limiting their equipment . 
  it 's not like you 're more likely to shoot a civilian with a machine gun than you are with a pistol ( do they really supply machine guns to police or is it just a confused writer who ca n't distinguish an assault rifle from a machine gun ? ), 
  i think the biggest issue is the lowered treshold for using the less lethal equipment like tazers and flashbangs . 
  not assault rifles . 
  if the police is going to storm your apartment it does n't really matter what kind of gun they 're using , but in a firefight with an armed assailant having the proper equipment can save lives . 
  oh no not racial slurs . 
  in the good old times he used to stick to decapitation and women who grow penises raping other women . 
  i do n't know what you clicked on but that 's the one where a naked ellie kills a guy and no sex at all . 
  replying to a comment about `` jerking off to incest porn '' i give a link with the title `` anal-at-sea '' ( relevant , bioshock parody ) and you need to see the letters nsfw before you can decide it 's nsfw ? 
  if you 're drunk i doubt you 're at work . 
  i respect your choice to click links randomly but it comes with a price . 
  wikipedia says 12, 
  depends on your country but in most of the world ( including u.s and most of europe ) nope . 
  it 's a drawn picture of an imaginary woman . 
  first of all that 's not my site . 
  secondly it 's not even illegal lol . 
  do n't know about that . 
  never happened to me . 
  lurppis best, 
  i 've only seen an episode or two but based on these tumblr-esque posts that pop up on reddit every week the humor seems to be very `` 14 year old girl '' style . 
  i ca n't name a single achievement i have . 
  who the fuck cares about achievements ? 
  e. mile high club , that 's an achievement , right ? 
  i had to google a youtubevideo just showing the channeler . 
  i must 've taken a different route to the boss every time because i 've never fought the gaping dragon while that channeler was still alive . 
  platform ? 
  the comment i was replying to used the word `` illegal '' . 
  being too insecure of your own choice of profession to take a little friendly ball busting from your uncle is now socially awsome ? 
  mainly because it was shit . 
  there are tons of better rpg 's in the same genre , they just do n't have the same advertising budget . 
  but we already have an established button for `` restart '' , it 's called refresh and it 's right next to the back button . 
  i uploaded these pics to imgur anyway so i thought i 'd share them here in case anyone is interested . 
  that 30 hours includes a lot of alt-tabbing , maybe 20-25 hrs max really . 
  i like to keep the game open in a window . 
  feel free to ask about any of the items or other stuff . 
  yeah i live in finland which is one of the least dense populated countries in europe with a population density of 16 people per square km compared to 32 of the u.s. 
  if you want to compare it to a state it 's nearest to oregon ( 15.8 ) or maine ( 16.6 ) . 
  we have a great public transit system , in my experience much better than most u.s. cities . 
  the new york subway is very good though i have to admit . 
  yeah we have a service like that, 
   a mile is n't a terrible unit - it 's just a thousand paces ( hence miles ) , and is more intuitive/easier to measure ( when walking ) than km, 
  what ? 
  that 's just complete bullshit . 
  of course it 's `` more intuitive '' for you if you 're used to it . 
  for me a kilometre is more intuitive and easier to measure than a mile because that 's what i 'm used to . 
  i do n't have any experience with any of this and i thought op 's explanation was really thorough and easy to understand . 
  just because one action is illegal that does n't make another ( legal ) action not a really stupid idea . 
  spending the night at a convicted rapist 's house is a stupid idea even though rape is illegal . 
  anything more than 1000km is considered `` long range '' but some cruise missiles can reach many times that . 
  i vastly prefer skyfall to casino royale . 
  it has a much more timeless feel to it . 
  casino royale came out when poker was the shit and if you watch it now it feels like 50 % of the movie is just playing poker . 
  it 's not bad by any means and it was risky at the time with the whole new direction for bond etc. 
  but i do n't think it 's as good a movie as skyfall is . 
  yeah iirc the entire population was required to eat pills that supressed feelings . 
  he stopped taking the pills which is why he was able to appreciate that piece of literature . 
  the character of bale should 've arrested him for not taking his pills but bean rather reached for his gun forcing bale to shoot him . 
  i 'd much rather get a permanent text log of the conversation in case i need to check it again later . 
  it 's also more pleasant to simply ask a question and let him answer it whenever convenient ( usually within 5 minutes ) instead of trying to find a moment when both of you can give 100 % focus to the phone at the exact same time . 
  i would only call someone if i ** needed ** the answer right then and there . 
  i do n't remember the last time that happened . 
  could n't `` more willing to accept the huge risks ( for questionable profit ) '' be used as a basis for calling someone `` moronic '' ? 
  most moronic things i can imagine include accepting huge risks . 
  jumping into a tank full of sharks with open wounds sounds like a pretty huge risk . 
  so does playing russian roulette or running into a minefield etc. 
  the two are n't mutually exclusive though . 
  ever thought that there 's a reason those people do n't partake in said activities ? 
  maybe they have weighed the ups and downs of getting an adrenaline rush vs. falling off a cliff because you did n't have a safety rope . 
  maybe they do n't have to `` attempt to understand '' individually each time someone dies doing something extremely dangerous ( and probably understanding the risks themself ), 
  once you get out of high school you 'll realize that you do n't have to think everything dangerous and/or stupid is cool to have friends . 
  well i was n't exactly calling the guy a moron , i was just saying the whole `` he 's not an idiot , he 's just * more willing to accept risks * '' defense does n't really sound that logical to me . 
  i bet you could define the word stupidity using just the `` willingness to accept risks '' angle . 
  to be fair he did willingly take huge risks with his life . 
  is n't that the entire point of free climbing ? 
  the adrenaline rush you get from taking a huge risk that could cost you your life . 
  if free climbers never fell then it would n't be much of a risk nor an adrenaline rush , would it ? 
  the definition of the word risk implies that failure is a possibility . 
  i believe you english have a saying for this sort of occasion : `` you make the bed you lie in '' . 
  i 'm not an expert by any means but if you google `` free solo climbing '' you only have to go down to the 3rd result to find the word `` adrenaline '' in the title . 
  the most `` extreme '' sport thing i do myself is off piste skiing and i can definitely admit it 's mostly about the adrenaline of facing the unknown risks . 
  from my experience this is the case with most extreme sports or other dangerous pastime activities . 
  `` love of the sport '' is essentially just the same thing worded differently . 
  adrenaline is a part of the sport , love of the sport , love of adrenaline . 
  i think not knowing the risks would be ignorance .
