  you say it 's up to them but really they 're both trying to serve us be it with weapon skins or broadcasting entertainment that sells advertisement slots that make them money . 
  valve and the organizers are aiming to please us , so what the community thinks is crucially important . 
  i 'm not talking about the presumption of innocence . 
  i 'm talking about accepted methods of evidence . 
  in the 1.6 times vac was a joke ( and still is ) so nobody even expected vac to catch anybody . 
  it became the job of admins and tournament organizers/the community to analyze demos and conclude that someone was cheating beyond doubt . 
  somewhere around cs : go release ( i think , i did n't follow cs : s scene ) people started trusting vac ( why i have no clue since mm is riddled with cheaters ) and suddenly it 's seen as a sufficient anti-cheating tool in itself . 
  i realize that vac catching you is a definite sign of guilt but vac not catching you should n't be seen as evidence of innocence . 
  you talk about `` undoubtedly '' but nothing is ever undoubtable . 
  even if vac catches cheats in your computer there is an extremely slim chance that you were innocent ( brother used the computer , virus downloaded files , dog ate homework etc. ), 
  but since the probability of you having cheat files on your computer and ** not ** cheating is so slim we 've accepted that a vac ban means you 're guilty . 
  i think this same `` accepted margin of error '' should also include paid professional admins and event organizers looking at demos and determining someone 's guilt but since the community has accepted this `` vac or innocent '' mentality no organizer is going to bother since it 's easier to just let it go . 
  that 's also true . 
  the only reason this pic made the front page is the boob . 
  the gta voice actors do look like their characters http://cdn.destructoid.com//ul/262021-htsvvdcs.jpg, 
  well except for the black guy , he 's just black . 
  yeah they ca n't force themselves in , but you agreed to the tos so they can probably disable your account for not complying with it . 
  according to a lot stories on / r/trees from people who frequent his `` concerts '' the guy is broke as fuck and everytime somebody posts a pic posing with him they have a story of the guy bumming all their weed and booze all night long . 
  i do n't know where you live if it 's normal to grind up on random women . 
  bonus points for the subtle klh, 
   i would settle for something like x has pwned y for 299 gold . 
  bonus gold is 123 !, 
  i do n't understand why these two even need to be separated . 
  299 is not the amount of gold lost either so i do n't get why it ca n't just show the total amount including the comeback/bonus gold in `` x killed y for ___ gold '' . 
  right now the amount shown is neither the amount lost nor the amount gained so it seems extremely pointless to even display it . 
  why not show something that has actual value like the total gold gained ? 
  i 'm not an expert so if someone does have an explanation i 'd be more than glad to hear it . 
  it just does n't make sense to my peasant brain . 
  that 's not a gif, 
  why are you trying to argue me ? 
  i was saying that if there 's only one number visible i 'd rather have it be w+z instead of it being only w as w is a pretty trivial number since nobody on the team actually got the amount w. 
  i 'm still not arguing against your idea . 
  i 'm just saying the current solution seems to be about the worst possible . 
  yes, 
  yeah sersiously . 
  the first time i started the game knowing nothing about it and without watching a single guide or anything i saw the option `` screen shake '' and instantly disabled it . 
  thought it 'd be self-explanatory . 
  cm is an excellent 5 pos, 
  i really like the lina pack . 
  i 've tried using all of them and lina is the only one that has n't started annoying me . 
  aside from the default . 
  browns are pretty tolerable compared to the sound of blues, 
  i know two ( american ) girls named annie and i 'm not even from there so it 's not like i know too many people from the states . 
  there 's big difference between being an awkward 12-15 year kid and what 's going on in this picture . 
  til some people assume lake water not to be drinkable . 
  i get that there might be lakes somewhere that you should n't drink from but for that to be the norm ? 
   my dad used to call be saatana poika, 
  just so you know it 's more of an exclamation than a nickname . 
   yeah i do n't understand people complaining how sing is bad mid/player . 
  not taking a side but if we 're discussing sing i do n't understand why we are analyzing stats from ti4 that was over 6 months ago . 
  the sketchy part is not her not getting convicted . 
  it 's that no charges were even filed . 
  i also enjoyed this bit of info from one of the sources regarding the other dui incident . 
   prosecutors in texas have dropped a 2011 drunken driving citation against wal-mart stores inc. heiress alice walton . 
   officials said monday that the highway patrol officer who pulled over walton has been suspended and wo n't be available to testify . 
   walton 's attorney , dee kelly of fort worth , says the matter has been resolved without a formal charge being filed . 
  fyi that site literally guesses its numbers . 
  1 . people who see an enemy and think they must dive until one of them is dead . 
  2 . people who think the more important something is the more pings it requires . 
  also if you die you must ping the hero who killed you at least ten times . 
  3 . people who say they 'll be support at the picking phase then do n't buy a single ward or anything support related and tell you to fuck off and buy them yourself after you 've picked a hero not suitable for supporting, 
  i for once am happy the game wo n't include paid xp boosts . 
  why should i not be ? 
  just because it can be called a feature does n't necessarily mean it 's a good addition to the game . 
  looks like he only noticed the horse a second before it hit him and afterwards we see maybe 2 seconds if even that . 
  probably just shock . 
  keeps walking casual like ? 
  would it had been better to panic ? 
  besides , we see like one second after the accident . 
  if he 's not in shock he 's probably experiencing an adrenaline rush and is wondering a. what the fuck happened b. what the fuck he should do . 
  he could even be yelling for help for all we know from this muted gif . 
  calling him a piece of shit because his immidiate reaction after an accident was to keep composed instead of waving his hands around or running in a circle or something seems really stupid . 
  so you live with your parents and punch holes in walls when frustrated ? 
  what kind of medication are you on ? 
  are you sure ? 
  this used to work like a year ago but i thought they changed it . 
  maybe it 's just a different part of the filename or something since this post is supposed to be recent . 
  yeah apparently this mobile app does n't automatically post to the subreddit you 're browsing when you press `` submit '' haha, 
  she did a few b/g videos before her boobjob, 
   diamond gained like 100 but the percentage got smaller . 
  you miscounted your sample sizes . 
  that 's because the lower leagues got more than a 100 . 
  the overall number of players grew . 
  while i appreciate having the option i really prefer the avatars . 
  you can usually pick up on stuff even during a 30 round game like if the remaining guy has generally been the awper or has been playing a or b on ct etc. 
  important stuff to give you an edge in those clutch situations . 
  especially useful when playing 10mans and i do n't think it 's really that much ( or at all ) slower to check the player count . 
  you lose out on a lot of info with the numbers . 
  if you need to explain why it 's so brilliant to people who 've used it themselves then maybe it 's not brilliant design . 
  especially for a device meant to be used by children and other `` casual '' users , not trained professionals . 
   sure it is n't refined like today 's controllers , but it was a groundbreaking controller when it came out . 
  playstation 1 had a refined controller and that came out before the n64 with the analog version roughly the same time . 
  n64 was very clunky and awkward compared to the ps1 controller and offered arguably no advantages . 
  even the execution of the analog stick in usability , comfort and accuracy was poor compared to sony 's . 
   it 's similar to the people who think old games suck just because the graphics are `` bad . '', 
  that 's not the same thing at all . 
  that 's about presentation vs content . 
  controllers affect gameplay fundamentally . 
   it 's in the game for a reason, 
  you 're basically saying game developers do n't make mistakes/bad decisions .
