  i 'd understand the police wanting to talk to him , but shoving a shotgun in your face is n't probably the best course of treatment for mentally ill people . 
  same with @mailmetrash.com, 
  been using it for years, 
  why waste money on bribes or hookers when you have a perfectly good arm at home, 
  i know what the reference was, 
  neither one being necessary to the joke, 
  [ best `` deal with it '' gifs do n't even require the text to work ] ( http://gifwall.net/gif/maverick.gif ), 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not representative of gameplay, 
  sage this thread so fucking hard, 
  yeah and if you got lucky a player would whack it in from mid-air . 
  that was annoying as fuck to defend against though . 
  checked . 
  is n't up on eu live yet . 
  10 years ago was 2002 . 
  i pirated most if not all of my movies in 2002 . 
  also : who gives a shit about internet `` rules '' outside of 34 which has become a concept on it 's own . 
  for some reason he looks like a kid, 
  is someone blocked that leak there would be no content on reddit, 
  it 's not really a new way though . 
  it 's the original way . 
  batman did n't use to be silly . 
  why ? 
  you should be able to write them off ? 
  because giving your money to a casino is like paying taxes ? 
  but that 's exactly the same as what bbj said , except you wo n't be able to deduct your gambling losses from gambling wins . 
  if you lose 10k and win 10k the next day you 're going to have to pay taxes on that money even though you ended up not earning a dime . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  how come granlund is still only 75 ? 
  granted even in nhl11 you could upgrade him to 99-99-99 pretty easily but he 's better than 75 . 
  yes, 
  what ? 
  your system is the broken one . 
  in america you do n't have to pay taxes if you lose as much as you win . 
  that 's what the original comment said . 
  very few things i do are good for my brain . 
  21 is overkill . 
  16 is fine imo . 
  btw where i live most people start drinking at 14 . 
  it 's seen as normal `` boys will be boys '' behaviour even if caught . 
  i doubt that 's very good for our brains but we still pull through as a nation . 
  how do you not know how to roll ? 
  it 's not that difficult . 
  buy a pack of papers and some tobacco . 
  roll cigarettes . 
  if you smoke then you can smoke them and if you do n't you can reuse the tobacco to practice more . 
  it 'll take you like 15 minutes to get a hang of it and before you 've even rolled a pack worth 's of cigarettes you know how to roll joints . 
  even if you do n't smoke and end up throwing the tobacco in the trash the skill 's well worth the $ 4 investment . 
  both of my parents enjoy alcohol from time to time . 
  neither one has ever bummed any from me . 
  i do n't see why that would be the case with weed . 
  it was also released on a single dvd, 
  why the fuck would you want to ? 
  come on man . 
   theft, 
  i 've lost hundreds of lighters to people 's pockets . 
  i 've also found a ton in my own . 
  it 's the circle of life . 
  almost every country has or has had their own bb . 
  european ones tend to have nudity . 
  the above pic was from yesterday 's broadcast i think . 
  day 1 of the season so more to come :p, 
  you can watch the episode this pic is from at http://www.katsomo.fi/?progid=138234 i 'm not sure if it works internationally though . 
  i found this site http://finbbexposed.blogspot.fi/, 
  someone was nice enough to screencap all the nudity for us . 
  i believe he meant which episode, 
  all you need is imagination, 
  tdm is the definition of not fun . 
  in ( most ) other modes you have some idea where the enemy is going to spawn and there is a sense of map control . 
  thinking with your brain and anticipating the enemies ' movements pays off . 
  in tdm at any moment someone can spawn behind you and you 're dead . 
  and because there are no objectives there is nothing to lose by camping . 
  if you 're `` camping '' near an objective you 're not camping you 're defending/playing an objective . 
  you 're supposed to be there . 
  it 's different than just picking a random corner in any place of the map and crouching in the shadow . 
  i do n't think this comic is meant to be taken seriously . 
  it 's a joke , lighten up . 
  i thought it was funny . 
  skrillex only has shock value . 
  i hate how that 's what people associate dubstep with these days . 
  there 's tons of great dubstep that actually sounds good and is n't just a europop song with a sudden drop . 
  bragging ? 
  he said he 's done it . 
  that 's not bragging . 
  why is reddit so touchy when it comes to the subject of pirating ? 
  everyone i know pirates stuff . 
  not everything i do is for the better of the entire world . 
  i pirate music because i 'm poor but i still like music and i really do n't have a moral issue with it so why not ? 
  and confessing to it is n't bragging either unless you 're in middle school and breaking the rules is considered bad ass . 
  i 'm pretty sure he would had stopped before 40 minutes if he was n't into it, 
  i love managing and building a team but i just ca n't play against the cpu . 
  it 's simply not fun for me . 
  that 's why i 'm so eagerly waiting for online gm mode . 
  hut was fun but it 's not as in-depth as i 'd like it to be . 
  i was in a club last night and they were playing generic crappy bar music for the entire night and then around 3am that fucking song came on . 
  i still do n't know how i should 've reacted . 
  cushion ? 
  i simply save myself from the trouble of braking by aiming at my competitors ' rear lights . 
   but this is n't even the saddest or most emotional episode of futurama ... not by a long shot . 
  what ? 
  it 's the only sad/emotional episode of futurama i can think of and i 've seen them all .
