  are n't the people of united states the employer ? 
  i see your point but i do n't agree with you . 
  yes they are there to represent the people in their district and not everyone . 
  that is true . 
  but the decisions they make and the responsibilities they 're given affect the entire nation and not just their own district . 
  that 's why i think it 's fair to say they 're in service of the entire nation , not just the district they were elected from . 
  i was n't proposing they should actually fire the entire congress . 
  i 'm just saying they do in fact have a 9 % approval rate from their employers . 
   i 'm talking about the kid banging on the glass , you 're not supposed to do that at zoos , and letting him do that is bad parenting . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's against the rules of the zoo , sure . 
  but it 's dangerless fun for the kid and at least for me that 's 10 times more important than any zoo rules . 
  fuck your glass nigga . 
  my kid 's gon na play with the guerilla if he wants to . 
  i saw this coming in 2001 when i installed kazaa, 
  i still wake up in sweat sometimes, 
  why is she ... what the . . wait a second , this is n't the simpsons !, 
  except the files named porn, 
  both of them, 
  seeing as how there 's an unbeatable strategy in the game i highly doubt tic-tac-toe professionals exist . 
  there is no strategy that will guarantee a win but there is a strategy ( for both 1st and 2nd player ) that will always force a draw . 
  maybe even a win if the opponent screws up but a sure draw at the least . 
  therefore it 's unbeatable . 
  well there is no such thing as an `` english accent '' either so . . 
  too bad the vispr sucks ass . 
  especially for that price . 
  you should n't be, 
  pretty much all consumer electronic companies are famous for this . 
  this article is just about apple . 
  yes they are . 
  i think you 're just looking to be offended/wrongfully persecuted . 
  of course the entire idea is ridiculous as you 're just a consumer and have really nothing to do with apple but it would n't be the first time people identified with a company they 're fans of . 
  this is probably because i 'm not american , but apple gets just as much publicity for their exploitation of third world countires as it 's competitors . 
  every week there 's a headline about the poor conditions of x factory in y country . 
  some days it 's apple , the next day it 's lg or samsung or whatever . 
  not to mention that clothing companies ( nike , adidas , puma etc ) still get tons more crap for this than electronics manufacturers . 
   how does a long tongue improve the quality of blowjobs, 
  you 've clearly never met anyone with a huge tongue, 
  even if the state of the internet was unrelated to the welfare of the u.s ( which it is n't ) that still would only explain why sopa is n't the reason america is in a bad place . 
  would you care to explain why `` america is doing pretty well right now '' ? 
  the fact that this one bill does n't mean so much to you does n't mean things are automatically good . 
  i can see you create [ content of much higher quality ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/rxgator/submitted/ ), 
  eu is n't a country . 
  also government finances is n't everything . 
  far from it . 
  i have lived in the u.s and live in eu now and there is absolutely no way i 'd switch back right now . 
  you all are getting fucked pretty bad . 
  do you actually have eu < -  usa immigration statistics or are you just lumping me in with the rest of the world ? 
  there is no `` slavic '' . 
  it 's a group of languages . 
  yes but you ca n't translate something to or from `` slavic '', 
  dat smile, 
  yeah and what if you do n't have a tv, 
  you can learn english for very cheaply in ty\u00f6v\u00e4enopisto aka night school . 
  the literal translation would be something like institute of the working class ( it 's an old name ) . 
  from what i 've seen their classes are excellent , but i have n't studied finnish so i ca n't say if those courses are packed with immigrants etc. 
  as to your 2nd question , tieto is the root of all evil . 
  yeah i actually own a tv too . 
  only it has n't been able to receive any programming for the last 3 or so years . 
  it really offends me that you 're a buzzkill, 
  she looks like a typical conservative, 
  maybe because she is one, 
  because they 're weak, 
  worst troll of the day, 
  well the sexually frustrated part kinda blows but i 'd still love to live in a world with 20 % more men than women . 
  even more if possible . 
   reddit does it the most . 
  mainly redditors who do or used to visit 4chan and think they 're cooler . 
  of course i used to too but i really do n't give a fuck who created what meme . 
  that 's not the point of memes . 
  well played, 
  do you have any other cool stories , bro ? 
  you do know that hd555 and hd595 are actually the exact same headphones ? 
  it 's cheaper to just produce one headphone ( 595 ) and then retard half of them to sell cheaper ( 555 ) than to actually make a shittier headphone . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvq8pzbrhxe ) are instructions to remove the limitations of 555 and `` turn them into '' 595 's . 
  takes 5 minutes tops . 
  if you 're small time that is, 
   it is a groundbreaking and monumental triumph of civil rights, 
  no , it 's not . 
  nice going , faggot, 
  this is awesome . 
  how does it work ? 
  are you making them personally ? 
  will you ship overseas ? 
  except we are n't talking about anything enjoyable to listen to, 
  no we seriously would though, 
  welcome to europe, 
  only in america is this a ggg thing . 
  in rest of the world it 's considered normal friend behaviour . 
  not best friend , just friend . 
  this is from a movie called micro bikini dancing or some shit like that, 
  ca n't remember exactly but saw it a few years back, 
  i 'll be the first to admit you can get mentally addicted to marijuana but that does n't mean there are withdrawals . 
  and there are n't . 
  i must admit i cringed while writing `` redditor '' but it 's a lot simpler than `` people who frequently visit reddit '', 
  america !, 
  i do n't think he means he started fapping at 19, 
  who uses lube for vaginal sex ? 
  dried up old ladies or what ? 
  this is a serious question btw,
