  i 'm pretty sure any pack with a legendary is a really good pack, 
  i love how the punishment for officials is lower than for civilians . 
  i do n't know where you got klaudia from or just made it up but that 's orsi kocsis, 
  empornium for example . 
  or any other torrent site . 
  there are packs with all her videos ever published , that 's why these kind of posts are kinda silly . 
  while i 'm also disappointed in this response and think swarm hosts should be changed drastically or removed alltogether i strongly disagree on this, 
   having waves and waves of free units march across a map is not zerg-like at all , where speed and numbers always mattered more . 
  it 's just never felt like a zerg appropriate unit, 
  i think it 's extremely zerg-like . 
  that 's why i liked this unit as an idea , even if the execution is horrible . 
  endless waves of units that just keep coming is exactly what i think of when i think zerg . 
  from the lore perspective , the campaign story perspective or just gameplay perspective . 
  zerg can afford to keep throwing units at you with no regard for cost-effectiveness , that 's the nature and the entire point of zerg . 
  these pictures and jokes look a lot younger than high school . 
  do they have a student council in middle school ? 
  actually we definitely had one in middle school because i remember they used their extra money to buy us one of those sliding puck table game things . 
  but i guess it depends on the school . 
  here in helsinki we have a track that 's coated with some special surface . 
  it acts like ice even though it looks like regular asphalt . 
  that 's where we have the `` slippery driving test '' as they call it . 
  there 's a donut you can drift around , and a few ( non slippery ) straights to build up speed with inflatable obstacles on a slippery surface at the end . 
  this is one of those things where if finnish people are among other finnish people it 's `` this is fucking bullshit , the driving school lobbyists have the politicians by the balls and no one has the guts to say no because their opponents would claim they do n't care about safety when it 's really all about money '', 
  when there is foreigners or it 's the internet `` oh yeah we definitely prioritize road safety because we 're a great country and there is no price too high to protect our children !! '', 
   the peek feature of glance, 
  what else is there to glance than the `` peek feature '' ? 
  i always thought that 's what glance was . 
  the finnish version is all about cigarettes . 
  they usually bring in a few dozen packs and the missions often reward them with cigarettes . 
  even the ones that do n't smoke , because there 's always like a black market going on with people doing other people 's chores for smokes etc. 
  i have the keyboard in all the pictures !, 
  i played protoss for a while cause i simply could n't get a win ( when i bought the game in early 2012ish ) . 
  i had played 28 ladder games without a single victory , switched to protoss and won my 3rd game . 
  i played about 150 games with p before switching back to t because it was just more fun . 
  this was all in wol though . 
  i still offrace p when i 'm drunk but really want to play starcraft and i can actually get some wins out of it . 
  i 'd love to play random but i just ca n't play zerg . 
  i do n't know if this is personal or not but when i first ranked up ( as in not ranking up after falling by idling ) bronze to silver took me the longest time , silver to gold was almost instant , gold to platinum took a long time but the shortest of all was platinum to diamond . 
  in platinum people already do builds that make sense and play the game like pros would , just slower and worse . 
  it 's not like gold where you still see shit like 2 barracks 2 factory before cc or something like you could do in campaign . 
  once you 've reached platinum it 's just about getting faster and developing your multitasking , if you do n't give up you should be able to make diamond pretty soon . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  i 'm one of those people and i like to think i know english . 
  i 'm also young , live in a big city and go to college . 
  it 's not the slippery driving test or the 40ish hours of driving in traffic before you can take the test that people complain about . 
  it 's shit like the `` 2nd phase '' which is purely a money grab that teaches you nothing yet costs hunders of euros . 
  if you oppose it someone will pull a statistic about young drivers and accidents , so clearly the only solution is to have an additional test that makes sure they do n't forget how to drive in 2 years . 
   i feel like it 's a lost art, 
  my buddy is going to school right now learning to make watches . 
  well technically he 's majoring in `` micromechanics '' but the school is called watch maker school and he mostly works on watches . 
  his final project or whatever you call it is to design and make his own watch from scratch . 
  there 's not a lot of employment opportunities for purely watch makers , but micromechanics on the other hand is in great demand right now as all technology only gets smaller . 
  and it 's basically the same education . 
  also there are quite a bit of watch enthusiasts who demand a mechanical watch despite technological advancements so it is possible to get a job fixing watches . 
  it 's definitely not totally lost . 
  yes , though i might as well not have it since i do n't own a car nor am i planning on buying one . 
  to me the 2nd phase felt like exactly what it was . 
  a ploy to make more money for driving schools . 
  drive around a small track a few times , pay 300 $ and get a permanent license . 
  i 've noticed if i wait on my computer until i hear the sound , then walk to the kitchen and take out the butter it 's too late to get that perfect meltage . 
  that 's why i 'm always walking back and forth trying to catch it right as it comes out . 
  i found this [ pre toasted bread ] ( http://d3j5vwomefv46c.cloudfront.net/photos/large/296893358.jpg?1305232804 ) on google . 
  seems to be just regular toast unlike the texas toast mentioned below . 
  i did drive during those two years so it was even more of a waste since i got practice almost every day . 
  if i had n't then i could maybe appreciate refreshing my memory but not for that price . 
  oh i know , but when i say `` i ca n't play zerg '' i mean it literally . 
  i 've played one game of zerg and i just do n't know the mechanics ( i know the theory but in practice ) . 
  i know it 'd be easy to learn but really i have no desire to . 
  yeah i remember browsing f7u12 alone for hours at one time . 
  it was a simpler time though , they where closer to what / r/classicrage is now . 
  i still like that sub , even though i unsubbed from f7u12 over 3 years ago ( the reason i joined was to unsub fffuuuu , politics and atheism ) . 
  hooters is famous for it 's classy restaurants, 
  if you care about plot at all bayonetta is a terrible game . 
  but platinum games has always been good with perfecting gameplay/controls . 
   on xbox it did n't come with the dlc like pc does , so there was still a tacked on side cost on console . 
  they released the `` prepare to die edition '' including the dlc to consoles the same time they released the pc version . 
  it was usually only ~ 5 $ more expensive . 
  i got mine about 2 months after the re-release for 20 $ including shipping . 
  best 20 $ i 've ever spent . 
  that being said it still did hold it 's price very impressively , mostly because it 's success was n't predicted and they did n't print it out in huge masses . 
  probably another country seeing as how stockholm has  250.000 where as helsinki does n't even have 100k . 
  we definitely have a lot of people moving from the countryside to helsinki to look for jobs ( just like in any country with 1 big city ) but much stricter immigration laws than sweden . 
  that 's odd . 
  i did n't own a ps3 for demon 's souls and did n't really get into the dark souls hype before the release of ptd so i ca n't say for sure if the original version could be seen in stores or not ( did n't pay attention ) , but ever since the release of ptd ( and me getting it ) i 've only seen the ptd edition in stores . 
  i 've seen both sold on amazon etc. 
  but never the original in real life . 
  that being said you can easily get 100 hours from one playthrough without the dlc , and the dlc is very separated so it 's not like you 're really missing out on anything playing the regular campaign without it . 
  of course you can bring items over from the dlc locations to use anywhere else , but the dlc content is limited to that area unlike in some games where dlc adds new items to all the stores or new enemies and abilities etc. 
  by the time you 're geared and leveled up enough to start the dlc , you will know if you love the game or not . 
  really if you make it that far it 's proof that you do . 
  so paying extra $ 10 for well designed additional content is not bad . 
  really ? 
  i 've never seen someone so excited about estrella chips . 
  here in sweden/finland they 're the most basic chips you can get . 
  they 're not like a store brand but one step up , the most basic bulk potato chips available anywhere and always on sale . 
  those big champagne looking estrella bottles are n't bad either . 
  a bit darker than the regular but tastes great . 
  i fast forwarded the intro to a part where you could n't see their faces and thought rotti had a surprisingly good ass . 
  and tits ... wait a minute . 
  i have a feeling early marine pushes would be pretty op,
