  but dark souls is n't developed nor published by ubisoft, 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you or anything but did n't the original thief game do kind of the same thing ? 
  i 'm curious as to why you 'd buy not one but two 360 's especially now ? 
  what about $ 2 bucks spent on a game that might be garbage but then again it might not be and it 's only 2 bucks so who gives a shit ? 
  how am i trying to sound superior over other men ? 
  it 's typically women who excrete fluids that act as lubricant , not men . 
  great job debating an argument you yourself came up with . 
  it 's not like money is a finite resource and people who donated $ 5 to this scam wo n't ever donate to someone else again . 
  tbh i do that a lot because the google chrome extention that grabs a certain area of your screen and uploads it to imgur is quicker than taking a screenshot and then cropping it , and instagram does n't allow you to simply right click `` save as . . '' pictures, 
  wo n't most phones have 500 pixels in the portrait orientation though ? 
  mine is from 2012 and it 's 720p, 
  hover over african countries until you fight the right one : the game, 
  even if it does it 's being heavily counteracted by your consciousness getting annoyed at the guys shouting and waving . 
  but unlike on osx the windows 8.1 version is n't bound to the keyboard but requires you to start up a program . 
  easier to just use the imgur extension . 
  well it is on shadbase and not shagbase so it 's bound to be tasteful and moderate, 
  [ also ] ( http://www.shadbase.com/comic_folder/2015-06-20-fallout4-vault-meatx.jpg?33dc35 ), 
  i actually use autohotkey but setting up a macro would be more difficult than using the imgur addon, 
  yeah it 's 720p so it 's 1280 \u00d7 720 . 
  so 720 horizontal pixels in portrait . 
  the competition is in azerbaijan so they do n't need to look to give team russia the highest score . 
  haha me too . 
  i started it as a kid because of lucky luke comics but the habit stuck even though i 'm not worried of anyone trying to assasinate me . 
  it says brazil right under the video . 
  that is exactly how i 'd imagine a situation like this would go over, 
  well the rest are cringy but i do n't see what 's wrong with the first one . 
  fighting `` for your country '' because of nationalist brainwashing is fucking idiotic . 
  i 'd rather move than go to war . 
  the song is already playing and reached the chorus and he 's already shaking his ass to the beat when the video starts . 
  oh but they 're totally intuitive . 
  circle means yes , x means no , purple square means a list of options like a sheet of paper and the cricle somehow represents the triangularity of changing a viewpoint . 
  what 's not obvious about that ? 
  especially since `` gif '' is n't a word . 
  it 's an abbreviation . 
  you do n't pronounce `` graphics '' as `` jraphics '', 
  i have never heard about his father not letting him attend art school . 
  the story 's always been `` rejected by an art school '' . 
  i 'm not sure if this is just another misconception but was n't there also the confusion caused by different empires using different lenght `` feet '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foot_ ( unit ) #historical _ use, 
  is n't this like basic middle school history class stuff ? 
  yeah , in the west . 
  in japanese games circle is always yes and x is no . 
  usually they change this when they port the games over , sometimes not ( famous example would be mgs2 ) . 
  the playstation was originally designed for japanese market where a circle is the universal symbol for `` yes '' just like our checkmark or something . 
  they initially kept the same `` o is yes '' when they released playstation in the west but since we do n't associate either x or o with `` yes '' people found the x button which is closest to the thumb 's resting position to be the `` main '' button and a more logical choice for `` yes '' or `` acccept '' . 
  i would n't say it 's for people who do n't like sports . 
  i subscribe to it because i do n't care enough about the nba or volleyball or rugby or whatever to sub to their specific subreddits but i can still appreciate the athleticism and skill required for a highlight gif once or twice a month . 
  sure when a hockey gif is posted the comment section is n't what it would be over on / r/hockey but i imagine i sound just as clueless when commenting a criquet highlight . 
  i did the same thing with my tv stand . 
  the boxes worked just fine but after 6 months i had to assmeble the thing to gain access to the drawers . 
  colby never went away, 
  well that pretty much tells you how much i know about either, 
  remember half of this sub is in high school, 
  he 's also not a chair but she 's still sitting on him . 
   being sober becomes an altered state of perception . 
  yeah , a perception that fucking sucks . 
  i wish i still had the money to smoke all day every day . 
  but that does n't fit the pcmr circlejerk so surprise surprise they 're not included in the graph . 
  despite the fact that steam has tons of games that are old enough to be from the same era as ps1/2 . 
  yeah let me just contact my local hedgehog rehab center, 
  bangbros - mranal - mar 5 , 2014 - kagney linn karter - anal pounded until she squirts 720p | hd, 
  cast : kagney linn carter & mike adriano, 
  plot : ( from the website ) kagney linn carter is back with a vengeance !, 
  she gets her face fucked , and then it 's straight for the ass !, 
  hardcore raw brutal anal pounding just how she likes it . 
  she gets fucked so hard that it makes her pussy squirt over , and over , and over again . 
  real wet , real messy intense anal blasting that only mr. anal can provide !, 
  ( i do n't have a lower resolution copy of this ; if i notice anyone else posting it , i 'll add a link , but otherwise , please do n't ask me , 'cause i do n't collect sd porn anymore ), 
  update : there appears to be a smaller version of this located here : torrents.php?id = 127519, 
  tags : bangbros.com mranal.com 1on1 720p anal blowjob doggy hardcore hd shaved straight toys big.ass facial fingering pov ass.to.mouth sidesaddle gape facial kagney.linn.karter mike.adriano blonde big.tits fake.tits, 
  info : 1280 x 720 ( 720p ) @ 3000 kbps , duration 56:44, 
  extended info : : show, 
  why is she blue ? 
  like the writers got together and decided `` we have red , orange , purple and blue , what should the new turtle be ? 
  oh i know , another shade of blue ! '', 
  i do n't know a single word of korean , japanese or chinese and i do n't like anime or other weeaboo shit but it 's still incredibly easy to tell the languages apart . 
  yeah it 's because you 're mobile app or whatever ca n't tell the difference between http://imgur.com/gallery/8s9f5 and http://i.imgur.com/8s9f5.jpg, 
  what 's stange is that the uploader of that picture of a wine bottle ( from 3 years ago ) apparently named it `` trippy paintings by rob gonsalves '', 
   unless you use res to view them in the browser . 
  res shows imgur album titles right above the images . 
  in this case the name of the artist . 
  my dad had his cargo shorts pocket slashed from the bottom and wallet stolen in a greek subway, 
  til some people actually use fanny packs while traveling . 
  i thought it was a strictly 90s thing . 
  idk when i lived in america for a bit everyone thought i was battling severe depression when my go to answer was `` okay '' . 
  apparently i should 've said `` great '' or something along those lines . 
  yeah i 'd think it 's imgur bugging out except the actual album is n't called that , it 's just `` rob gonsalves '' . 
  the only explanation i can come up with is that it was uploaded by a registered member who now noticed a sudden spike in the visitors and renamed the picture to fuck with people . 
  the idea behind it ? 
  yes , especially if you have friends to play with . 
  the actual execution with constant desync and performance issues ? 
  problem is you 're playing gtao, 
  try any arma rp server and while there are some griefers you get tons of fun experiences like this . 
  especially on servers that ban for killing on sight . 
  looks like the sailor is using the soldier 's cigarette to light his own , not sharing it . 
   jimmsin kraken, 
  hey fuck you cargo shorts are amazing, 
  well now that you mention it i ca n't disagree, 
  i 'd do it for a thousand . 
  it 's just bugs , they do n't even bite or anything .
