  well facts rarely expire in three hours, 
  i registered to reddit nearly 5 years ago to post [ this pic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dfmb2fo.jpg ) . 
  she was n't quite as appreciated [ by her elders ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vldvswn.jpg ) though . 
  i thought she looked hate-fuckable, 
  it 's already known the game runs on an emulator . 
  a tas is basically where you simulate controller inputs to reach a perfect result not realistically achievable by a human but technically not cheating the rules of the game either . 
  they 're usually honed down to frame-perfect execution since they 're completely repeatable and just a matter of going over the game over and over again and figuring out the perfect input combination . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yba-qnouiri&amp;t=2m18s ) is what a mario kart tas looks like , the sega rally above has some serious resemblances to this . 
  the physics did n't actually look like that while a real human played it . 
  i 'm not commenting on the crosshair but the splash of blood that seems to originate from his shoulder, 
  i do n't live in the us, 
  or you could just not have it prevent gun switching . 
  if the player chooses not to switch the weapon he sees this , if they want to switch to another weapon they can . 
   also , they supposedly did n't clap because she was n't wearing a dress, 
  i do n't know if that 's true and do n't really care but that does sound pretty sexist if it was true, 
  oh i 'm sure they did and was n't about to get offended or anything , i was just commenting on the `` explanation '' offered by that other poster . 
  i do n't understand the logic of preventing a stampede by enforcing a curfew which effectively makes huge groups of people move around at the same time . 
  if the game ending point was the ancient falling and not the gg being called then og won today, 
  fully `` damaged '' tombstone would be better than half and half, 
  i love this quote from the official site of the app, 
   using bureau of labor statistics data and maths , equitable calculates how much you should pay for dinner . 
  a fun discussion starter !, 
  well it 's a pretty funny joke, 
  chinese are racist as fuck, 
  somebody 's triggered, 
  if you actually do some research and do n't just believe every word leftist eu media prints trump is actually not that bad of a candidate . 
  and when i say not that bad i mean compared to the competition . 
  whaaa other people are n't allowed to have opinions that i do n't like wwwaaaaa, 
  the severity of her injuries should n't be the deciding factor but the severity of the safety violations by the employer . 
  we do n't have all the details from your post but an `` ice bucket falling on her '' could be 100 % her own fault . 
  if anything `` bringing back '' waterboarding would be a good thing . 
  you 're delusional if you think the u.s. military and government agencies do n't already do way worse things to prisoners in places like guantanamo , at least they would be open about it . 
  so is dota http://dota2.gamepedia.com/low_violence, 
  winter confirmed yesterday that both names are used to refer to ee, 
  a political candidate who advocates the u.s. being open about torture and war crimes they already commit . 
  no u.s. administration is ever going to stop committing them and thinking otherwise is delusional . 
  why do you think places like guantanamo even exist ? 
  what 's the point of having prisons outside u.s. soil ? 
  when they 're going to go on regardless i 'd rather have the government acknowledge it than lie about it . 
  yes , at least better than someone who makes it a point to actively deny it . 
  besides i do n't believe torture is inherently evil . 
  it 's all about context and intention . 
  ends justifying the means and all that . 
  yeah that was one of the most emotional tv scenes i can think of which is made even more impressive by the fact that you 're only just being introduced to these characters . 
  i actually had ee predicted as least deaths . 
  i can post proof when i get home . 
  yeah honestly this ending is a win-win, 
  the game was not over because of this . 
  they lost the mid lane because of this . 
  a game is not over because you lose mid . 
  i bet you 're one of those people who say `` gg '' after first blood . 
  who gives a shit about the rarity ? 
  the ump has 15 different skins one of which is the best skin in the game . 
  if you have internet that ca n't handle uploading a file and playing diablo at the same time and you play hardcore and you can only blame yourself . 
  inb4 `` what if she used the entire bandwidth '' that 's easily preventable . 
  never fucking reply to me again unless you are contributing to the thread . 
  the main issue with swarm host is that while it fits the lore the whole core concept of it is anti-fun . 
  video games should be fun . 
  trying to rework it is a lost cause . 
  just admit it was a mistake and replace it with something else if you feel the need to . 
  never fucking reply to me again unless you are contributing to the thread . 
  nah [ finnish lapphund ] ( http://www.kennelliitto.fi/sites/default/files/koirat/slk3.jpg ) is an entirely different breed, 
  if i already remember the code ( i do , it 's a streamer 's name ) and i 'm already buying something from g2a why would i not bother entering it ? 
  if i 'm buying a $ 30 game that 's $ 1 off for typing a 4 letter word at the checkout phase . 
  it is not my problem . 
  i 'm not using services like steam or gog because it makes me feel good and just . 
  i 'm using them because they 're less of a struggle than torrenting games . 
  if i can get steam/gog games cheaper i do n't give a fuck where the code comes from . 
  besides majority of g2a sellers just abuse the currency conversion and sell games purchased with brazilian accounts etc. 
  stolen credit cards are a tiny minority . 
  and without it the human race would die out . 
  is anyone really surprised 7 billion intelligent creatures are going to stress the environment of a planet they inhabit ? 
  rofl quitting a run before dying, 
  who the fuck needs reassuring they `` are n't alone '' being atheist ? 
  how deep in the bible belt do you live ? 
  i do n't understand why it would need that anyway since it asks you to enter your username manually . 
  looking at your account i can see you registered on nov 24 2007 and i do n't have access to your cookies or anything . 
   he 's a few states away and not answering my calls . 
  the crust is the best part tho, 
   we never got an answer on why toby does not want undertale there . 
  from both matt and the e-mail sent months before . 
  it 's still the same answer of `` i do n't want spoilers to be shown and i do n't like speedrunning '' which tells us nothing new . 
  i think that 's a clear answer on why he does not want undertale there . 
  how do you know he does n't ? 
  but he ca n't control each individual twitch streamer , an event organized by a single entity he can try to influence and it affects ~ 100k viewers at once instead of hundreds of streams with a few viewers . 
  besides a regular playthrough is hardly the same as a speedrun . 
  because the developer asked them to ? 
  there 's nothing `` glorified '' about it , i 'm sure if another indie game dev asked gdq to not show their game they 'd respect their wishes as well . 
  first of they actually do and secondly it 's not a legal battle . 
  he 's asking . 
  the dev can ask for things he is n't entitled to by the law . 
   you have to understand it 's mostly for kids ages 16-20, 
  i mean i was a kid aged 16-20 when i registered and had been an atheist all my life and my reason to create an account was to unsub from / r/atheism . 
  because no one gives a shit whether it 's `` fake '' or not . 
  we still get the idea and the idea is funny . 
  years from now i can tell people i was the third guy to believe in them, 
  hei every1 im new !!!!!!!, 
  do oooommmm !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  mix breed dogs look so strange . 
  dust2 runs better than any other map if you have a subpar computer,
