  correct , and there are also plenty of places to get free food from . 
  so even if you blow all your money on alcohol or drugs you can get a meal and that meal ca n't be replaced with more drugs . 
  yeah but in the nordics those people get an apartment and living needs too . 
  it 's literally impossible to actually be homeless unless you want to ( yes some people do want to ) . 
  i 'm not about to risk my life for a stranger . 
   tasers are not that common in finland yet , but they are working on bringing those to all patrols . 
  this is filmed in helsinki though . 
  i have n't seen a cop in helsinki for the past ~ 5 years without a taser . 
  they are less common in other parts of the country . 
  when the finnish police started adopting them 10 years ago places like it\u00e4-helsinki and oulu were the first ones to get them but over here they quickly became standard issue for everyone . 
  auto levelup is fucking retarded, 
  mad for my own pubs . 
  glad for liquid . 
  well she is `` fake '' in that the picture is extremely photoshopped, 
  why not link to the actual part in question ? 
  you expect me to sit through 6 minutes of that ? 
   owning a tv in 2015, 
  what on earth are you on about ? 
  that the ps4 does n't support ps2 discs ? 
  it ca n't play cds either . 
  it 's six minutes and it 's hardly that important of a question in the first place, 
  but i 'm pretty sure we already knew the specs at that point did n't we ? 
  i agree with everyone saying how terrible this is etc. 
  but i ca n't help but notice that everything about her smug face and body language looks like she 's really enjoying the attention and the situation she was put in . 
  like she 's not loving it ? 
  i 'm not saying she loved getting beaten up . 
  i 'm saying she loves the attention she 's getting afterwards and being special and getting on tv . 
  nothing groundbreaking about it . 
  just listen to her voice when she says `` i do n't go to school anymore '' . 
  she 's fucking loving every minute of it . 
  yes i did . 
   like she 's not loving it ? 
   yeah , you know what you 're seeing ?? 
  embarrassment . 
  dude that 's like the total opposite of embarrassment . 
  if i were you i 'd get that checked out , inability to comprehend or recognize human emotions can be a sign of more serious issues . 
  are you a woman by any chance ? 
  women struggle with spatial recognition . 
  there is absolutely nothing wrong with op 's gif , it simply is n't centered on an east-west axis . 
   they all look exactly like the one that you just linked to , which has africa positioned the correct way, 
  if you take the globe from that link and rotate it to match op 's gif it looks like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uq9yaee.jpg ) . 
  strange how that works . 
  [ still ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eybj0ad.png ) of the gif for comparison . 
  if she did n't want to be there she would n't be there . 
  she 's clearly enjoying being made special and the center of attention . 
  other people go to huge lenghts to stand out in any way they can even in ways not seen as positive . 
  obviously in her case it appears the decision was done for her but that does n't mean she does n't get the same satisfaction from it . 
  that 's not sexism . 
  there have been numerous studies on the subject : https://www.google.fi/search?q=women+spatial+recognition, 
  saying that is sexism is like saying acknowledging the differences in muscle growth or body fat between genders is sexism . 
  i was just genuinely curious to see if that could be a part of why he/she 's having such a struggle with something that seems easy to understand for most posters . 
  seeing as how it is a fact and not any type of slander i do n't see there 's anything to lose by simply asking . 
  it satisfies my curiosity ? 
  why are you so obsessed about me asking a simple question that hurts nobody ? 
  did you even read that article ? 
  it says brains are n't `` 100 % male '' or `` 100 % female '' , not that differences between genders do n't exist . 
   she concluded that while genitals in almost all humans come in two types , human brains do not and are not distinctly male or female . 
   a women would think `` ok great , how does that help me ? '', 
  but i did n't ask it to do them a service . 
  i asked becuase i myself was curious . 
  i wonder why that is . 
  the rule is the same in football as hockey . 
  god is the father , son and the holy ghost and all those things are god but those things are not each other . 
  [ like this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b3/shield-trinity-scutum-fidei-english.svg/520px-shield-trinity-scutum-fidei-english.svg.png ), 
   there are plenty of people who like 2 more than 1, 
  yeah there are a lot of casuals and people who do n't know enough to appreciate good game design . 
  yeah and there are a lot of people who enjoy british cuisine . 
  does n't mean it 's good . 
  so we 've reached a point where we just assume every video is shot with a phone or how do you know ? 
  the crowd is cheering at the weirdest times, 
  why ? 
  it was already released at a low price at launch ( 45 $ on steam , 28 $ on key sites ), 
  looked like a part of bike at the beginning . 
  it 's almost like there are multiple ways of doing something simple, 
  use mpc . 
  works perfectly , vlc just crashes if i try to use it, 
  download the # 2 and # 3 things . 
  install mpc . 
  run the lazyman app , rest should be self expalanatory, 
   pretty sure the sides are still shaved off here, 
  no they are n't . 
  in the first few scenes she did she had full hair . 
  no , they are n't . 
  it 's very clear if you watch the actual video , she even pulls back her hair in it . 
  i do n't know why it would be so hard to believe . 
  people change hair styles . 
  revolver was the smallest of fuck ups in that patch and that 's saying something, 
  has anyone tested how it affects cogging the creeps into trees on offlane ? 
  people definitely have control over how they talk . 
  how else would speech therapists and coaches have a job ? 
   also this is for res users . 
  and you need the subreddit style enabled, 
   if the jury deliberated for only 30min before the `` not guilty '' there must be some very strong evidence, 
  yeah . 
  money . 
  what 's wrong with the headline ? 
  well dota 2 got an update yesterday too . 
  it looked like [ this ] ( http://www.dota2.com/balanceofpower ) . 
  meanwhile a csgo update that gets to the frontpage equally quick is literally just undoing the fuckup they did a week prior . 
  do n't underestimate the amount of people who have their computer full of crap and like 15 different programs launching on startup .
