  the worm holes are simply quick travel . 
  i remember when i first jumped into one i thought i had gone into some other `` dimension '' or something because the biome was unfamiliar as well but in reality you stay on the same map . 
  i would n't use them too much though since they drain sanity . 
  sometimes it 's worth the cost but you should n't use them without a good reason . 
   gold axe/pickaxe are amazing . 
  they last like 10x as long , even if they each cost 2x gold to make . 
  i would n't recommend them . 
  they look cool but in reality they are n't any better than regular axes , they just last longer . 
  usually you always have the required ingredients to craft a new axe anyway . 
  i 'd save my gold for other uses . 
  eating food is the most basic way . 
  dragonpie and fishsticks are probably the best foods for health recover . 
  there are some recipes that restore more hp but the ingredients needed are pretty rare . 
  eating spider glans does restore health , but it 's more efficent to use them to create a healing salve . 
  health does not regenerate per se , but eating any kind of food ( other than monster meats ) does restore your health and you 'll be eating anyway . 
   but is it easy to understand and work or is it complicated ? 
  it 's easy to understand but it 's also a very deep game . 
  the simple things are simple , like picking up berries to satisfy your hunger or chopping down a tree to create a fireplace . 
  but there is much , much more to the game . 
  nothing is really forced upon the player though , if you are n't interested in exploring and just want to pick berries in peace you can actually survive that way . 
  at least until winter comes . 
  the only thing in the game that gets more difficult with time is a pack of wild dogs that comes by every now and then . 
  other than that you have to look for trouble , trouble does n't come to find you . 
  i have n't built hay walls but stone and wooden walls do n't require * that * much material . 
  one piece of rock or a log of wood equals one block of wall . 
  live peacefully off the land like an indian and you should n't have any problems , 
  yeah but remember that you need to refertilize any plant that 's been dug up . 
  manure is the most common item used for fertilizing . 
  also crafting an sort of item for the first time ( prototyping it ) gains you a lot of sanity . 
  so optimally you should n't build everything you can at once but wait until you need it . 
  if i wanted an item i 'd build it even if i had full sanity since sanity is pretty easy to restore once you have a tent etc. 
  but i remember the first time i played i built all the prototypes i could after building a science machine which is n't smart . 
   her lighter makes it so you dont have to set up a camp until you find a fuckin prime spot and being near any fire restores her sanity, 
  you really do n't have to with the others either . 
  i just build regular campfires until i find a place to settle down and build a fire pit at . 
  you can even build a science machine before settling down if you really need some item , one wasted science machine does n't take * that * many resources . 
  i still would n't build too many of them as gold can be scarce at times . 
  i like wilson . 
  he 's probably the simplest of the characters but it 's just what i 'm used to . 
  the unlockable characters are n't really * better * , they 're just different with upsides and downsides . 
  some are even [ outright worse ] ( http://dont-starve-game.wikia.com/wiki/wes ) . 
  actually right now i 'm in kind of a funny situation as i reinstalled the game on a new computer and despite having a save on day 85 i do n't have any other characters unlocked as i 'm yet to die once . 
  i think if i died now though i 'd instantly unlock every character unlockable via xp . 
  sleeping is the simplest and fastest way to regain sanity . 
  keep in mind though that you 'll be starving when you wake up so be sure to have lots of food or something like a meat stew prepared . 
  another easy way to gain sanity is prototyping any new item for the first time . 
  so unless you need the item i would n't recommend prototyping everything as soon as you build a science machine as that 'll waste sanity . 
  i personally would n't bother with flowers , there 's more important things to do during the day . 
  i would recommend the default settings and the default world . 
  it 's a balanced experience the way the game was intended to play . 
  does n't the game autosave every morning ? 
  the pc version does at least . 
  you do n't need apps for that http://dont-starve-game.wikia.com/, 
  i would n't recommend reading too much though . 
  it 's more fun to discover things on your own . 
  it is helpful for food recipes etc. 
  though . 
  prepare for winter . 
  any gear levels really . 
  the spider dens grow larger as the game goes on so they will always be a challenge . 
  there 's a lot of things not obvious to beginners once you start exploring . 
  the game is much more than picking berries and avoiding darkness . 
  relying on killing innocents animals like rabbits has a downside though . 
  i do n't want to spoil it but there 's actually such a thing as a naughtiness meter ( it 's not a visible meter ) . 
  i personally like to farm vegetables and only kill stuff when i need to . 
   now im on 12 . 
  i have had a base set up on all but my first , and im actually doing amazing right now, 
  you 're not the first one to think that . 
  and then winter , 
  once you 've survived 30 days you really should 've already prepared in case of death . 
  yeah but that kinda ruins the point of the game . 
  it 's supposed to be difficult . 
  if you make it easy then surviving does n't feel satisfying either . 
  i 've played the game a lot and i 've never even touched any of those settings . 
  the default settings are a perfect balance . 
  if i want an extra challenge i 'd play as [ wes ] ( http://dont-starve-game.wikia.com/wiki/wes ) . 
  well it 's not technically a free game . 
  i know it 's free with psn but on pc it cost money so it 's a proper game . 
  just because you got it for free it 's not like a flash game or a facebook game or anything . 
  it does have a story and a goal . 
  when you start the game you 're in `` sandbox mode '' . 
  this is the original way the game was played back when there was no real way to beat the game ( like a lot of pc indie games do n't starve was released periodically ) . 
  in sandbox mode there is no ultimate goal other than to survive as long as you can . 
  however the game also has adventure mode . 
  when you 've survived long enough and feel like you 're ready you can look for a magical looking door spawned randomly somewhere in the map . 
  in adventure mode the worlds are n't randomly generated like in sandbox mode but instead they 're planned `` missions '' with clear objectives for each stage . 
  completing adventure mode is like winning the game . 
  some players prefer the sandbox mode though and for them it 's simply all about surviving the longest and beating your personal best . 
  i 'm on day 85 on my current save at the moment . 
  there is no time limit for sandbox mode , you can keep playing as long as you stay alive . 
  they are called hounds and will attack periodically . 
  each time they come there will be more of them . 
  a log suit and a spear is enough to fight them early on but as you survive longer ( and the pack grows larger ) i suggest you build some sort of a panic room with a bottleneck entrance , preferably with tooth traps or bee traps set up as well . 
  taking them all on at the same time will only get you killed . 
  one way to deal with them as well is to run the hounds into a group of other neutral mobs . 
  beefalos , pigs and penguins are all good choices for killing the hounds for you . 
  also you do get a warning in advance . 
  you can hear growling for about a minute and your character says stuff like `` what is that noise ? '', 
  or `` i hear something coming '' . 
  i can imagine a beginner missing it though if you do n't know what it means .
