  great video , thanks !, 
  thank you, 
  and thank you, 
  once i started my car up and when i put my foot to the pedals it felt like they went through the floor . 
  i got out of the car . 
  you played tdm in battlefield ? 
  gtfo noob, 
  where i live we had sex ed in 4th or 5th class but even that was too late . 
  i already knew `` everything '' from tv and the older kids . 
  is there often shit in your mother 's clothes ? 
  i upvoted the shit out of this comic just for the butthurt in the comments . 
  and as someone who has flown from the u.s to the nordic countries many times i can assure you that trip is beyond terrible if you 're sober . 
  in population maybe but in area sweden would be over 4 times the size and finland 3 times, 
  fuck you man . 
  seriously . 
  i saw tropic thunder in theaters and really liked it even though it had stiller in it . 
  then i got the director 's ( ben stiller 's ) cut later when it came out . 
  30 more minutes of stiller , that 's about it . 
  it sucked so much ass . 
  there was like added 10 minutes of simple jack only which never was funny even for a second . 
  that movie could had been a classic without stiller . 
  are you saying there was something less funny than simple jack in that movie ? 
  that 's not a unibody mbp . 
  that 's the 2007 version right before the unibodies arrived . 
  i know because i have one as well . 
  at least you have that option . 
  where i live you must call . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  oh and of course you can subscribe by clicking a single button . 
  it 's the cancelling that 's suddenly too complicated to handle on a website . 
  thanks . 
  too bad the site does n't understand how to compensate for the compression . 
  but if it 's free why on earth would he put it in the app store ? 
  i refuse to buy or download anything from there . 
  never even started it up . 
  i 've heard enough iphone app store butt fucking stories . 
  when i have high sex i 'm about as far away from stoned as possible . 
  it 's like a super intense passionate high . 
  love it . 
  icelandians sure are active, 
  i prefer the bowls that can hold up to like 3g 's of green over the tiny little ones you have to be filling all the time . 
  of course i rarely fill them all the way but it 's good to have that option, 
  i think the point is people make and submit more and more comics as they tend to get a lot of popularity . 
  unless that was the case it was totally worth it though, 
  19 hours ago \u00b7 358,720 views \u00b7 72.73 gb bandwidth, 
  i bet many people would had found the app this way as well, 
  i much prefer dowloading apps from a website to using the app store, 
  but i like cat, 
  just because it 's sexist does n't mean it 's not true, 
  because every time there 's so much as bad weather in the middle east the prices go up but they always forget to bring them back down after it 's settled, 
  lol 'd, 
  and because supporting overpopulation is going to help the entire human race, 
  you were fined for receiving a ticket ? 
  how the fuck is that legal ? 
  \\  recommends blu-ray, 
  come on people . 
  who the fuck uses discs for movies anymore ? 
  the xbox can play 480p or 720p . avi 's . 
  confirmed myself when the hdmi cable from my computer to tv broke . 
  look better than dvd 's, 
  line change during penalty kill ? 
  better skate full speed from the bench towards the opponents blue line letting anyone just go past . 
  and just because other things are executed spectaculary does n't mean issues should n't be addressed . 
  a complaint does n't mean you ca n't still love the game, 
  does n't matter how you feel about call of duty . 
  any car any model video game edition sounds fucking stupid . 
  my nokia phone from the 90s had voice control . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  oh the classic apple argument . 
  i 'm not accusing anyone of plagiarizing here , just pointed out that voice control on a phone is not just a `` competitor to siri '' . 
  and from what i 've seen siri does n't work that well either . 
  i was n't commenting on how well each system works . 
  just that voice control for phones is not copying apple . 
  i 've tried it at a store and seen videos online but there is no way in hell i 'm buying an iphone so that 's about as far as my experiences can go . 
  in the 90s ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  but there was n't much else you could do with a phone anyway back then . 
  i 've managed to get four lighters in a tower like this but where i live our standard cheap lighter is a [ colt ] ( http://media.pointblog.fi/userimages/fi/blogpostimages/500016824/2154f09f30704c3db3cb060d432dee48_500016824.jpg_600x600.jpg ) not a bic, 
  just because you sign something does n't make the agreement legal though, 
  nope . 
  do n't know about this case , it probably is legal in the u.s but just because you sign a piece of paper does n't mean it definitely holds in court, 
  that looks amazing, 
  every kinect game is shit . 
  you 're welcome . 
  no shit infinity ward took a step back when almost all of their employees left activision/iw after mw2 . 
  have n't played mw3 since launch . 
  is the last stand kill/assist still screwed up ( finisher gets kill ) ? 
  i hate how they changed that . 
  if i manage to aim accurately from across the map and drop someone behind a chest height wall i would also like to get the kill instead of some noob flooding flashbangs . 
  vice versa finishing does n't really give you the satisfaction of a real kill anyway where as `` only '' getting an assists seems justified and does n't piss you off like when you dropped the guy . 
  internet gold, 
  i just ate but after seeing that i 'm hungry again, 
  funny thing is i live near the arctic circle and we have n't got a single snowflake yet !, 
  i 've played more black ops than mw3 since the mw3 launch, 
  stop snitching, 
  i 've seen every single one of these `` new r/wtf '' pictures before . 
  it 's all reposts . 
  however i do like the fact that they are truly internet wtf classics and not a typo in a poster or some lame shit . 
  you think reddit is better than the old / b / ? 
  you think anything is better than the old / b / ?
