  except for the bathroom . 
  their stats may be identical but they handle very differently . 
  i use pistols a lot , i 've only played for something like 24 hours ( got the game a little over a week ago ) and i have all the pistols on level 10 . 
  oh god how much i loved carentan . 
  the best part was you could totally recognize it from band of brothers . 
  i thought the map pack maps were way better than the original ones . 
  i gave the game away to a friend of mine after like 30 hours because it got boring . 
  then the map packs came and i figured i 'd give them a try , i think i played something like 160hrs of black ops total after that . 
   it is deemed impossible to be addicted to your computer, 
  no it has n't . 
  i doubt op is an addict but what about those chinese kids playing mmorpgrs for 5 days straight without eating and dying from food/water/sleep deprivation . 
  if you 're 17 years old and your mom sets computer usage rules for you then your family has serious issues, 
  yeah they do suck . 
  that 's why i do n't play much attention to them , i just try out each gun to see which ones i like . 
  i play fifa 80 % with friends in the same room and 20 % online and i have no fucking clue what the lounge mode is . 
  no it really does n't . 
  it 's pretty much universally agreed that the coat of arms and other nationalist symbols are reserved for what we call `` is\u00c4m maan puollustajat '' which is not a nice thing to be branded as . 
  it is a shame though , not that i mind since i 'm not very patriotic . 
  error ( 509 ), 
  this account 's public links are generating too much traffic and have been temporarily disabled !, 
   yawn it 's why i usually hang out in `` girl gamers . '', 
  and you 're welcome to stay there . 
  with the rest of girl `` gamers '' . 
  wait are you saying the 2 assists thing applies to moab 's as well ? 
  shiiieeeeet i never realized that . 
  students do n't compete against each other . 
  it 's more of a general way of thinking than something concrete . 
  it 's also got a lot to do with the culture . 
  i 've studied in the u.s ( high school ) and in finland ( the rest ) and the differences are huge . 
  i wo n't go into details because it 'd take all night but here we go . 
  competetiveness . 
  american students never shared homework and actually reported others that cheated . 
  it was like a free-for-all everyone against each other situation every day in class room . 
  in finland it 's more like the students vs. the school or `` the system '' where we 're not competing to be better than the rest , we just want to pass the classes with as good a grade as possible and hopefully as many of our friends do as well . 
  of course there is always one or two students who are either overly competetive or just do n't like sharing but generally all the way from grade school to university people do n't mind sharing their notes or even letting you copy the correct answers because , well , they feel they 're all in the same team . 
  please keep in mind this is not a `` why we 're better '' post because to be honest copying anwers does n't really get you far , this is just one example about the differences in attitude and just a little insight to a finn 's mind . 
  the older you get the less cheating helps but when i was in high school ( ' 06 -  ) something like 1/3 of the students cheated in tests . 
  not the yo tests but regular exams . 
  it 's really really easy and the teachers did n't seem to pay much attention . 
  and the school i went to was n't even that `` bad '' . 
  something like 8.2 gpa to get in . 
   handing in the exam now will make people think that i 've failed and solved nothing, 
  why would you care what someone else in the exam might think about your paper they have n't even seen and are not going to score ? 
  army of two is fucking great . 
  i 've played the first 3 or 4 times and the second twice . 
  all in local co-op . 
  i know there are much bigger titles like it but i just love it 's execution . 
  and the gun tuning is fun . 
  it 's one of those games that 's absolutely horrible but tons of fun to play co-op, 
  how nice of you to completely cut finland out . 
  fuck yeah it 's friday . 
  oh wait a second , it 's exactly the same as thursday . 
  or monday or tuesday . 
  well it 's still nice to celebrate . 
  yeah well that 's pretty much all i 've done this week , so . . 
  thank god for socialistic european governments . 
  those fucking le 's . . 
  and i 'm not sure if your understand the meaning of gtfo, 
   neighborhoods in finland are very anonymous , there is no sense of real connection or community in my opinion . 
  nobody knows who their neighbors are , nor do they care until they do something bad . 
  main reason i love living in a. big cities b. finland . 
  i have a feeling i 'm going to enjoy this link . 
  i upvoted because of the links which were relevant , but that does n't mean i agree that they 're good . 
  the announcer sucks and the content is just typical sports clich\u00e9s . 
  the silent ones and the ads with original play-by-play actually give me shivers . 
  trust me you do n't want to, 
  i just watched it for the first time like a year ago . 
  i know i know my childhood was n't complete etc. 
  but i thought it was decent for a kids movie . 
  especially considering i do n't like the looney tunes characters . 
  i prefer watching american football but i still use the term handegg in every context because . . well it makes sense . 
  you do n't need to link to the free pirate ones because they 're already much easier to find . 
  it 's sad/funny because it 's true . 
  it 's even funnier abroad because the town names come from some random database so they can be in literally any language . 
  `` want to have sex tonight in \u0425\u0435\u043b\u0437\u0438\u043d\u043a\u0438 !?!? '', 
  whatever the facts indeed . 
  while i have no trouble believing a cop shooting a teenager for close to no reason i 'd still prefer news from a site that is n't so outrageously biased . 
  you ca n't even link news like this anywhere because no one will take them seriously . 
  which just hurts this story going public/viral . 
  real news do n't stay stuff like `` alvarado was lying , of course '' . 
  they simply include his statement and whether or not it was contradicted by the crime scene investigation . 
  i have a 110/5m connection . 
  when it 's wired or unsecured wireless it works at 90-100mbit / s. 
  if it 's secured it works at 30-40 . 
  i 've tried all the different protections , all have the same problem . 
  my solution was to get an extension cord and use it wiredly but for a while there i did have an unsecure network simply because i had no choice . 
  wait so are you saying that the lb `` trigger run '' button is actually supposed to affect your teammates ? 
  and they run to a good position for a through pass or something ? 
  because that 's what i thought but i honestly have n't noticed any effect from pressing it . 
  i always play free-form but i have n't noticed this happening . 
  sure after some corners etc. 
  a defender might be on attack but other than that i have n't seen them `` switching positions '' , certainly not enough for it to be a problem . 
  yeah but most of the light still comes directly from the light source and not from the walls . 
  opening the door would reduce the `` mirrored '' or `` bounced of '' light by 4-5 % but it 's not as big a percentage off the total amount of light . 
  no but nmsmoke wrote `` opening the door could reduce the brightness in the room by 4-5 % . '', 
  and we 're all commenting to that post are n't we, 
  ok thanks i 'll be sure to try it again next time , i probably was holding the button . 
  yes i do . 
  it 's 69.90 $ over here ( $ 92,79 ) . 
  i was thinking it 'd be cheaper than buying the maps seperately but seems not so i just bought the map pack .
