  there is no reason for them to claim independence . 
  e. [ taloussanomat ] ( http://www.taloussanomat.fi/kotimaa/2010/04/18/tama-maakunta-kay-ahkerimmin-valtion-kirstulla/20105464/12 ) ahvenanmaa has the lowest tax % of the entire nation yet they get more money from the government per capita than any other region . 
  i had to google, 
  `` you ca n't just tell me it spun out of a gastrous [ sic ] ball and then all of a sudden we were evolved from monkeys . 
  why we still got monkeys ? 
  nope , this was n't part of a stand up monologue or anything . 
   i 've never experienced love nor am i probably capable, 
  you 'll get there . 
  i 'm as desensitized emotionally as they get but you ca n't escape love . 
  it sure did feel strange actually caring about something for the first time in your life . 
  losing it was no picnic either . 
  i do n't have anyone on my friends feed that would post shit about god but if i did i would gladly be that guy . 
  well i 've been in school for like 14 years or so and apart from a few exceptions that 's how it is . 
  all my best teachers were men . 
  and by best i do n't mean they were n't as strict or cooler or something ( because those were all men too ) but most helpful and knew how to make information interesting . 
   used to get the feeling of love a lot in highschool, 
  no offense but i think you 're mixing love with a crush . 
  true love is something that takes time to develop . 
  not saying you never felt love but `` feeling love a lot in high school '' just sounds pretty weird . 
  :d a person . 
  but on my list of things i love i 'd say the 2nd place goes to dogs . 
  dogs in general because you ca n't make me pick one . 
   things like coke , meth , and heroin ? 
  our parents generation just grouped all the drugs together ( ok maybe in the u.s they understood the difference of weed in the 60s but certainly not anywhere else ) , let 's not do the same mistake and just exclude weed this time . 
  yeah if we lost that we 'd only have like eight different memes for the same purpose, 
  pov just means point of view , it does n't necessarily have to be `` out of someones eyes '' . 
  in this case the pov provides us with a nice shot of the boobs . 
  on a side note , i hate pov porn . 
  the angles are always bad . 
  well you see one side of the argument has presented evidence in the form of numbers from tilastokeskus which is a reliable source . 
  so far your side 's rebuttal has been `` you are wrong '' . 
  i already have a mac but i fail to see how that has anything to do with anything, 
  i do n't think you understand sarcasm . 
  do n't worry , they 'll probably teach you next year in middle school . 
   you are pointing at one fact, 
  yes , something you still have n't done . 
  how do i argue like a child ? 
  only thing you have done is shout at people how they are wrong without providing even your own speculations , let alone facts backed by sources . 
  all i 'm doing is citing a study by tilastokeskus . 
  fuck the police !, 
  the government is corrupt !, 
  corporations are fucking over citizens !, 
  but remember to always obey the law and be a model citizen !, 
  well some people do n't . 
  i 'm not going to argue about it because it would result in nothing but i for one am not going to obey laws i find unjust . 
  i 'm not really talking about debt anymore because for one i have n't got any but more in general . 
  well it would help if you 'd give even a hint of anything contradictory . 
  \u00c5land gets way more money from the government than they pay . 
  that 's an established fact . 
  i would like to hear some sort of reasoning from your side before i 'm going to start rethinking this because so far you have n't provided me with anything . 
  not even speculations or opinions . 
  give me something , anything that hints the other way . 
  good point . 
  but somehow the hivemind tends to upvote these comments . 
  no see i 'm not . 
  i would love to hear something from your side but you keep refusing to tell me . 
  i have nothing else to go on than that one study and a random redditor ( you ) that tells me it 's wrong without even explaining why he thinks so . 
  where 's original finder when you need him ? 
  the fact is most people who identify as `` feminists '' do n't have a clue what it 's technically supposed to be . 
  this applies even to the core founders of the movement , though they did know what it was , they just did n't follow it . 
  yeah this is what i thought at first too . 
  still nice to see such support from fans though . 
  1 . gtfo [ / r/wtf ] ( / r/wtf ), 
  2 . gtfo internets, 
  i thought that was a pretty funny episode . 
  i lost interest sometime after the hot dot and women penthouse party episode . 
  i did n't notice a decrease in quality , the joke just kinda got old . 
  i do n't think it works like that, 
  yes but when you buy from a dispensary you still pay taxes . 
  that 's the main reason growing for youself is illegal . 
  just like moonshine . 
  the government does n't want you to get high for free . 
  oh it is ? 
  in my country there are a few medical marijuana patients but they are n't allowed to grow for themselves . 
  what causes an explosion like that in skyrim ? 
  or mods/shop 'd ? 
  yeah i 'm from finland and there is absolutely no way finns , swedes , ruskies and ... 
  would have the biggest breasts in the world or that the average would be `` larger than d '' . 
  u.s probably takes home that title , for various reasons . 
  to this day i still ca n't understand who the fuck cares about other people 's levels ? 
  i understand boosting is annoying because it means at least two players are n't participating in the fighting but why would i care if someone has used it to rank up ? 
  it 's not like the prestige counter means anything to anybody except yourself . 
  although you did the right thing during the q&a that 's what you get for picking such a dumbass profession . 
  well now that we 're in the eu it 's probably all of our money he 's spending . 
  what if op towed the car to the dealer and when he got there the mileage would be like 200.005 or something and he 'd just explain how the meter kept running during the 10 mile tow distance after the car broke down . 
  it does not cause explosions over ten times the size of a polar bear . 
  am i the only one who fucking hates the term `` retina display '' ? 
  what 's wrong with just the resolution and size or ppi . 
  not everything needs a catchy less informative name . 
  i felt the sudden urge to downvote you so hard until i realized it was a quote i was reading, 
  did i mention i also do charitable landscaping in my spare time ? 
  i could come and dispose of the entire plant before any trouble . 
  yeah that 's not a reaction you expect from someone browsing r/treecomics . 
  can you unmount the minigun while doing this ? 
  does it just have to be 5 consecutive kills with the minigun without dying or do you have to sit in it the entire time ? 
  the only reason i prestige are the custom classes . 
  i like having a variety of loadouts for any situation . 
  also if i have n't played in a long while it 's fun to `` start again '' . 
  i just wish you could unlock sitrep pro with the prestige tokens . 
  if that was possible i 'd probably keep prestigeing all the time because using different guns is no problem for me .
