  all you people get so worked up over the title of the video you forget the actual content of the post . 
  submissions like this are why people browse this sub . 
  who the fuck cares about a title ? 
  and the comments above are saying, 
   it shouldnt be posted, 
  like the title is the thing that determines the post worthiness . 
  product placement was invented long before instagram, 
  star wars was never cool, 
   this probably would n't get posted if laine was n't involved though . 
  of course it fucking would . 
  it 's the game winning goal of a semifinal against the host country and it 's a nice play regardless who was the passer and who was the shooter . 
   this was an incredible highlight reel goal . 
  if this goal happened in some regular season game with zero stakes it would n't be . 
  but it did n't . 
   when my team refused to surrender after i told them i needed to go i kept playing, 
  you know you can just quit the game , right ? 
  there 's a difference between refusing to look at someone and simply not looking at someone . 
   when interacting with them, 
  you 're assuming there 's any interaction . 
  you do n't need to interact with a limo driver . 
  you can rewind the official stream freely : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxedy8covvm, 
  if you 're geo blocked you just need to load the page with a vpn and then you can switch back to your regular connection and it 'll work fine . 
  that 's how i 've been watching all the games since the quality is much better than the shitty katsomo streams . 
  how to spot low energy, 
  my dick is significantly darker than the rest of my skin and i 'm not mixed race or anything . 
  i think it 's pretty common . 
   normal = it 's gon na take you 20-50 runs to beat this shit, 
  what 's bad about that ? 
  i 've never played the game on easy and beat the game after about 20 tries . 
  one game is like 15 minutes on average so 6-10 hours to beat a game is far from unreasonable . 
  i found the normal difficulty to be perfectly enjoyable for someone who did n't look up any wikis or guides or anything and just made decisions based on standard video game logic . 
  diplomacy . 
  both are far from `` near perfection '' . 
  also the whole tying research into the map thing they 're going with civ 6 sounds like a great addition to add some variety into the game . 
   nothing wrong with it at all . 
  while your comment specifically did n't say there 's anything wrong with it the one that started the comment chain and the thing that always pops up when ftl is discussed is `` you should play it on easy '' . 
  like the game is n't fun when it 's difficult despite how the difficulty was one of the main selling points of the game when it released originally . 
  which is why i do n't like it when people keep telling others to play it on easy . 
  you 're missing a huge part of what made the game popular in the first place . 
  the high probability of failure is what makes success feel satisfying . 
   starting on normal would be like learning to play basketball by going alone against 1000 cloned michael jordans with bionic muscles, 
  not really . 
  i started on normal with no real experience in this genre and without having seen any streams or gameplay or guides and found it a balanced difficulty setting that was fun while challenging . 
  i feel like starting it on easy would ruin a lot of the mystique that builds up naturally when you 're struggling to even reach the further away sectors . 
  even surviving long enough to see the final boss on normal for the first time is an experience that ca n't be recreated after seeing and beating it on easy first then ramping up the difficulty . 
  do n't most games just render a second room behind the mirror that mimics the `` real '' one ? 
  i know that 's what a lot of pc games did in the early 2000s, 
  uncharted has never been about the gameplay though . 
  i 'm not saying that justifies it but fans of the series knew what to expect . 
  fallout 4 is an open world game running on a 15 year old engine . 
  watch dogs does n't have reflections on pc either and there 's no such thing as a `` pc launch title '' . 
  no chance . 
  for the first year there were no games to talk about . 
  after that it was tlou for 6 months . 
  then it was bloodborne . 
  now a year later it 's uncharted 4 . 
  you can expect another noteworthy game for the ps4 in 6-12 months and then we 'll move on to that . 
  i bet doom does n't look that nice running on a ps4 though . 
  such as ? 
  kinda interesting that you would mention max payne 2 since i remember reading about the technique i described above years ago and the example that article used was max payne 1 . 
  no one is saying it ca n't but there 's a limited amount of time and money that goes to the development of a video game . 
  ever since uncharted 1 naughty dog has clearly prioritized presentation over gameplay . 
  - available and better on pc, 
  - shit , also available on pc, 
  - available on pc, 
  - fair enough , though is n't it like a 20 $ psn game ? 
  - available and better on pc, 
  - available and better on pc, 
  - total garbage , also available and better on pc, 
  -  digimon, 
  - available on pc, 
  truly a strong lineup, 
  yeah i play exclusively on 1st person only servers and find myself looking at the side mirrors a lot more than i imagined i would . 
  went from a nice visual detail to an important gameplay feature real quick . 
  the princess peach ones are the only ones that do n't look like ass . 
  though i would imagine that zelda design would look good on like a slipper . 
  i said biiitch, 
  well luckily this is not the shitshow that is me_irl, 
   that kind of fun is entirely separate from difficulty . 
  not entirely . 
  the likelihood of succesfully saving your ship from invaders by venting all the air out or navigating through a nebula etc. 
  are also tied to the difficulty . 
  that 's not how any of this works, 
   but i chose those examples because making them harder would n't make them more fun, 
  it would though , since the fight you cheesed by venting the ship would be even more difficult to survive normally so your ingenuity was even more valuable . 
  and the nebula would feel noticably more claustrophobic and intense since it 's very possible you will never make it out . 
  1500 $ including flights and hotels is expensive for an 8 day trip ? 
  where the fuck have you been traveling ? 
  a good run is closer to an hour . 
  the average is way lower . 
  placer that are nicer . 
  kinda same as you op . 
  have been using the lina announcer solely ( except one game of testing out new ones if someone 's sharing them ) and now the cm . 
  i also love the back and forth lines of the mini-games . 
  but the reason i love the lina announcer is that while having flavour it 's very serious and strictly business . 
  i do n't know if the bickering back and forth is something i 'd like to listen to in-game . 
  i know i do n't like any of the other `` humor '' announcers . 
  i have n't played unranked since calibrating like 2 years ago and won 8/2 games while absolutely stomping the victories with kda 's like 15/2/20 and higher in each game and lost 500 mmr . 
  using unranked mmr as a starting point is fucking retarded . 
  the `` average mmr '' of my first calibration games was over a 1000 lower than what i normally get in solo que and despite winning 80 % of the calibration games there 's only so much it will go up from that initial `` hidden mmr '' .
