  sorry but this is the worst time to come to finland . 
  it 's cold and wet but there 's no snow . 
  notice how the names like `` black widow haze '' and `` bubble gum '' cost around 10-12 $ where as the ones that are `` very strong shit '' and `` pro smokers only '' are around 7 $, 
  guess which ones are targeted for tourists and which you should really buy . 
  it 's the same in all of amsterdam . 
  laughing at an idiotic tattoo has nothing to do with being bitter or friend-zoned . 
  i think you might be a bit butt hurt yourself . 
  got any genius tattoos of your own ? 
  you must not be smoking very good weed if you need to smoke it constantly, 
  especially when he 's not funny in those little roles either, 
  it was also shit outside of cutscenes, 
   great game , but i was disappointed once you beat the game , you ca n't continue to play the like say , gta . 
  the game is just over . 
  what ? 
  sure you can . 
  why the bc1 theme ? 
  i 'd rather hear a new version of the classic bf theme . 
  you only need to write 1 of the 2 words in captchas . 
  if one of them is clearly unreadable you can just put `` asdf '' or whatever there and it will register as correct . 
  mfw you took it too far . 
  hunter is n't swedish though , so the name is in english . 
  this reminds me when i was traveling with a friend in france . 
  there was a bakery next to our hotel where croissants where like 40cnt but he wanted to go to the cafe next door and get a fancy `` french breakfast '' for 11 euros . 
  the breakfast consisted of two pieces of toast with nothing but butter , a cup of coffee , oj and one plain croissant . 
  i 'm pretty sure that would n't be much more in a french grocery store either . 
  you ca n't really compare an ( overpriced ) cafe to a wal-mart . 
  then why does the receipt say 9.80 ? 
  the house judiciary committee passed a bill yesterday that would make it a federal crime for u.s. residents to ** discuss ** or plan activities on foreign soil that , if carried out in the u.s. , would violate the controlled substances act ( csa ) -- even if the planned activities are legal in the countries where they 're carried out . 
  well that would just suck . 
  the pics have always been the best part of r/trees . 
  i do n't care about karma , not one bit . 
  preventing `` karma whoring '' by banning pics sounds retarded to me . 
  i 'd be fine with a rule that every post with `` upvote this ... '' or `` if i get x upvotes '' etc. 
  would be removed though . 
  and yes , pics are by far the best part . 
  90 % of self posts are either high rambling with no point and `` i love you r/trees ! '', 
  or `` this was my day '' posts with no joke or punchline . 
  i just want to look at pics of sweet nugs and pieces and other funny stuff when i 'm high, 
  but pics inside self posts ca n't be all opened at once like regular pic posts, 
  besides , there 's a submitting method for links and a submitting method intended for text . 
  forcing all of them to use only one is just stupid . 
  that 's not how reddit was designed . 
  and no inline image viewer , which would make browsing r/trees horrible, 
  no it does n't if they 're submitted as self posts, 
  jailbait is not illegal, 
  no it did n't . 
  4chan is still up . 
  motherless is still up . 
  jailbait-archives is still up . 
  countless other sites filled with jailbait have been up for years . 
  if someone wanted to post illegal child porn the chances of him posting it to r/jailbait are about the same as r/spacedicks or r/pics for that matter . 
  if you 're going to post something illegal and frowned upon i do n't think you 're going to take the time to make sure it 's in the most correct subreddit . 
  big difference . 
  being attracted to girls in their that have gone or are going throuh puberty is perfectly normal . 
  besides many redditors are underage . 
  i know i jerked off to a lot of jailbait when i was a kid . 
  i 'm that guy and there 's nothing to be sad about, 
  i 've seen some nice fake tits in my life . 
  i think it 's stupid to say all fake tits are ugly just like it would be to say all natural tits look good . 
  these tits however are just horrible . 
  jailbait is not illegal, 
  weed, 
  sex, 
  video games, 
  i posted one gif of macgyver and that made up for like at least a couple hundred honest comment replys, 
  the killcam timer was off and his deaths did n't update after getting sniped / melvin, 
  i do n't know about the u.s media or your apple stores but hatin on jobs definitely is n't limited to reddit . 
  i mean i personally own 2 macs and 4 ipods and i think he 's a douche . 
  a visionary , but a god damn douche bag . 
  actually there was a til post about this atm thing a couple months back and there a commenter claimed he fixed atm 's for a living and that this is just a myth . 
  there is . 
  it got downvoted to hell during the first day though . 
  i do n't like smoking before eating ( especially when i do n't have too much weed which is pretty much always ) because eating makes me sober again : /, 
  and it 's nicer to smoke with a full stomach, 
  a limited data plan ? 
  what 's that ? 
  - european, 
  explain ? 
  all my friends ( who have limited amounts of weed ) say the same thing , it 's like common knowledge not to smoke right before eating . 
  then there are the people who smoke before cooking , while cooking , before eating and after eating but they do n't count . 
  when i have huge amounts of weed i do that too . 
  but often i have munchies even when coming down and almost sober so i just eat then and smoke afterwards to get the most hightime out of my bud . 
  eating , showering , masturbating . 
  three things that are awesome while high but also bring you down quickly . 
  yup me too . 
  got ta make sure . 
  i 'm at a [ 0 ] and that 's just ... too long man, 
  smoking with parents on holidays is one thing but mom and her friends hanging out naked all the time ? 
  do not want, 
  where i live it 's rare to find non-laced weed off the streets . 
  that 's why people rarely buy from these `` dealers '' and prefer growers and friends of friends . 
  it 's some sort of spray that hardens on to the surface , makes the weed weight a lot more and pops and cracks when ignited . 
  it also gets you fucked up . 
  and not in a good way . 
  while i appreciate your honesty and hope all the best for you, 
   i wo n't say what i 've done , as it pains me ( and scares me ) to even think back on it . 
  but i was picked up by the police and brought to a mental institution, 
  that 's just not fair dude :(, 
  i need to know . 
  looks like it might be just a bit moist and like it could had been cured a bit better .
