  this is one of the few features that windows has and i wish my mac did, 
  one of the few videos where people use flying mod and spawn items yet i 'm still impressed, 
  just make a large + shaped tunnel underground , can be 10 blocks long or a 100 , does n't matter . 
  then just start digging narrow shafts every third block , that way you reveal every block without having to dig as much . 
  too lazy to draw a picture but x = block of stone o = mined hole, 
  xoxxoxxoxxox, 
  just do this to the left or right ( as long as it 's the same in all ) side of each of the main tunnels and you 'll get a nice swastika like square pattern, 
  fyi you can edit the link to the starting post, 
  i 'm a man . 
  if i was going to rape someone , it would be a hot chick . 
  there 's your citation . 
  well . . 
  umm ... 
  there 's tha - no wait . . 
  key word being majority . 
  i 'm certainly not saying clothing is the cause of all rapes . 
  just that dressing provocatively probably does n't help if trying to avoid rapists . 
  and besides you do n't have to remember what she wore to have thought she was hot even when it was the clothes that made her look that way . 
   you 're seem to be assuming that a rapist is basically just a more aggressive , less moral version of yourself, 
   do n't assume that you understand the mentality of a rapist . 
  you seem to be forgetting that rapists are people just like you and me . 
  they 're not strange monsters bred in underground caves . 
  they came out of their mothers ' vaginas and grew up on this earth just like you and me . 
  certainly their thought process differs from yours or mine ( as does any person 's ) but assuming that they are completely numb to things that stimulate an average ( male ) human brain seems a bit of a stretch . 
  once again ( it appears i have to include this in every post yet still everyone ignores it ) i 'm not saying clothing is the cause of all rape . 
  just that dressing provocatively probably does n't do you any good if trying to avoid rapists . 
  how can you know ? 
  you 're right , i have n't raped anyone , but it 's not like i 've never thought about it . 
  in fact i 've even fantasized about it as have a lot of perfectly normal men , it 's just not something you talk openly about very often . 
  yes there are people who are seriously mentally ill that want to dominate or hurt other people , i 'm not denying that . 
  but what i 'm saying is that there must also be rapists that walk and talk just like any other person , but that one time they just snapped out of depression/loneliness/intoxication / mental unstableness/number of reasons and crossed the line . 
  in all likelihood i 'm never gon na rape anyone , but it 's not like rapists have a completely different dna or a brain that 's formed differently from mine . 
  there 's not a distinctive difference that makes some people 100 % rapists and some not . 
  after all they are people just like you and me so you ca n't assume their thought process is in no way at all relatable or similiar to a regular , non-raping man . 
  i do n't think there 's an actual right or wrong definition , it 's just a matter on opinion . 
  i really do n't care how you use the word and do n't see why it seems to matter to you either . 
  it 's not like we are going to have foreplay but not sex with each other any time soon . 
  i understand why the submitter posted it here because people like me laughed at this photo , but really do n't give a fuck about the u.s politics ( much due to the reason addressed in the picture above ) and do n't follow r/politics, 
  could you please , please just read what i write before commenting . 
   i think you got me all wrong . 
  i 'm not saying i can skip the kissing and teasing etc. 
  and just jam my dick in there . 
   my point was i call everything from touching and petting to fingering foreplay . 
  it 's a long process with stages . 
  i do n't wan na `` get straight to the stuff '' . 
  i 'm not skipping any of the things you want me to do . 
  all i 'm saying is that i call everything that precedes sex foreplay . 
  how fucking hard is that to understand . 
  e . the difference is not in what we do , but simply in what we call it . 
  in an identical scenario you would have 10 minutes of foreplay , 10 minutes of fellatio and 10 minutes of sex , where as i would have 20 minutes of foreplay and 10 minutes of sex . 
  see what i mean ? 
  there must be more, 
   a common cause, 
   average rapist, 
   necessarily, 
  once again i 'm not stating what every , or most rapists think . 
  how the fuck would i know that and neither do you . 
  i 'm just pointing out that rapists are human too , and that when it is pretty easy to predict an average male 's reaction to , say a picture of a woman it 's idiotic to completely ignore this and just assume that rapists have a mind that bears no resemblence to an average man 's brain whatsoever . 
  then again i do n't really give a fuck how you dress or if you get raped , i 'm not trying to analyze rapists or prove i have a theory that explains all rape . 
  all i 'm saying is i 'm a man , i 'd rape a hot chick in favor of an ugly chick and if you wa n't to take some sort of an advice from that you 're welsome to do so . 
  as a man , my guess is better than yours . 
  not that men are more intelligent or anything , but because most rapists are men . 
   and , yes , i 'm sure there are rapists who would be considered psychologically `` normal '' in most circumstances , but there are people out there who are literally incapable of feeling empathy and who will do things for reasons people like you and i might not be able to comprehend . 
  did you entirely miss this part, 
   yes there are people who are seriously mentally ill that want to dominate or hurt other people , i 'm not denying that . 
  how can you miss the point so completely ? 
  i never once stated that revealing clothing in any way justifies rape or makes it the woman 's fault/responsibility . 
  all i said was that i do n't think it 's reasonable to completely rule out the effect clothing may have in the actions of a possible rapist . 
  no , it is n't placing blame . 
  it 's being realistic . 
  saying that clothing can in no way affect a rapists actions just because if it did then it would be the woman 's fault makes absolutely no sense . 
  what you are doing is closing your eyes from a viable possibility simply because you fear that it might offend someone . 
  let 's take your bmw example . 
  if the keys are in the ignition , the thief still has as little right to take the car , but if you are going to leave your bmw open with keys inside it is more likely to be stolen than if it was locked . 
  or do you disagree ? 
  i do n't mean wearing suggestive clothing is the same as leaving your car doors unlocked , i 'm just using your example to demonstrate that changing the circumstances might affect the outcome while not justifying anything . 
  seriously why has this been upvoted ( the submission , not the comment ), 
  even the title of the page says `` gizmo ( character ) '' and not rolie polie olie, 
  yay i saw them all, 
  had to close the curtains for 1 though, 
   you do realize this is like saying , `` if i were a pedophile , i 'd target children who looked like adults , because i find adults more attractive . '' ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  if i did n't think children were attractive i would n't be a pedophile, 
  saying that i 'm attracted to attractive women that dress sexy is in no way in contradiction with being a rapist, 
  your argument makes no sense, 
  a wall of text with no spacing that more than likely consist of more of the same that you 've already repeated a few times and which amounts to nothing more but guessing accompanied with acting superior ? 
  i did read the last sentence and at least that was false , i do n't think they 're asking for it ( which is the title of your comic ) , i 'm simply recognizing there 's a likely possibility that dressing sexy ( sexy , not slutty like you said ) can arouse and/or provoke rapists . 
  it does so to regular people , then why the hell would it be impossible in the case of a rapist ? 
  not me , i fucking love it, 
  no , i 'm not going to read that either, 
  every day is off and i feel awesome !, 
  funemployment ftw, 
  i do n't like the search field but other than that it 's great !, 
  what is the resolution of your screen/browser ? 
  because i do n't have any problems at all, 
  i do n't see how they one ca n't exist with the other, 
  i dl the best stuff and enjoy browsing torrents with screencaps etc but sometimes it 's nice to stream and be surprised, 
  you need more karma and less crappy comment replies . 
  well i guess i got half of that right, 
  good idea to file the complaint anyway , otherwise she probably would have tried to pull the same shit on the next student,
