  i do n't know if you consider the huddles and timeouts etc. 
  to be `` bullshit '' but i at least consider that a part of the game and they are included . 
  still the games are about half the lenght of a live game . 
  yes, 
  yeah they do it for publicity . 
  further pointing out how they would 've shown his face if it was . 
  who the hell orders any burger `` no onions no tomatoes '', 
  you ca n't even play regular games online as `` co-op '' . 
  that 's one of the main reasons so many ( including myself ) boycotted buying the game this year . 
   but after season 4 i felt it was abundantly clear that she was the victim, 
  how does being a victim make her any less boring and annoying to watch ? 
  she wasted precious screen time in an otherwise great show dealing with her stupid issues nobody cared about . 
  is n't that enough of a reason to hate the character ? 
  not just that but they had an amazing backlog of shows from the last 2 decades . 
  finding new stuff anywhere is easy but what if i want the first season of some obscure comedy from the 90s . 
  tvt always had the answer . 
  i wish i knew an alternative . 
   it 's more common for finns not to know swedish . 
  which is why it 's silly we 're all still forced to study it since a vast majority of the people who did `` learn it '' ( = passed swedish exams in school ) ca n't speak it . 
  unless you spoke swedish at home you 'll use english when traveling to sweden . 
  turns out you ca n't teach something as complex as a language to people not willing to learn . 
  and it 's ridiculous how many people ca n't grasp this concept . 
  i too live in helsinki and i 've never had to use swedish despite the fact that half of my family is finlandssvensk because every single one of them speaks perfect finnish . 
  i also travel to sweden at least once a year and have yet to encounter a situation where i could n't use english . 
  i 'm not `` anti-swedish '' , i just think there are a multitude of better uses for all those hours of schooling . 
  swedish should definitely remain an optional subject just like french or german are . 
  how ? 
  it 's hair growing out of skin . 
  it 's just as sanitary as shaving your beard . 
  why would anyone like 3rd person in a mod like br ? 
  i understand it in more `` casual '' mods like altis life but in br it ruins the entire game since everyone just sits behind walls using 3rd person to spot enemies . 
  nothing wrong with it except the price, 
  who 's the blonde in pic # 36 ? 
  e. jeana brock in case anyone else was wondering, 
  he 's never going to get it back . 
  valve does n't help you when you trade for real money outside steam . 
  they guy clicked on the `` yes . 
  this is a gift '' checkbox and no `` video evidence '' is going to change that . 
  yeah the wake island servers are the only ones with any players during the night . 
  it 's not a great map but it 's better than nothing . 
  also `` ranked '' servers have 3rd person disabled as well . 
  i do n't know if there is any difference between `` hc '' and `` ranked '' . 
   there is also epoch dayz which is dayz but with the epoch improvements . 
  what do you need to play this ? 
   but i would never bm at 11 wins in arena . 
  how stupid do you have to be ???!?!? 
  just because you 're at 11 wins does n't mean your opponent is , right ? 
  or does it ? 
  it 's good advice though . 
  op 's link has unnecessary effects ( fade in ) that only make it harder to read and contribute nothing . 
  who reads usernames on reddit anyway ? 
  yeah but i mean i do n't have to own/pay for anything except arma 3 ? 
  i might check it out thanks, 
  if you ca n't come to helsinki ( or helsinki region ) i 'd skip finland entirely . 
  out of those options vaasa is definitely the best as a city . 
  i do n't know anything about the schools but i doubt there 's much difference . 
  except her creep spread was better than most top tier koreans . 
  she was arguably the best in the world in that one aspect of the game . 
  that 's not `` autopilot for any pro zerg '' . 
  sheever 's transgender too ? 
  damn i never even realized . 
  babyknight and select were neither nearly as succesfull as scarlett . 
  select was strong in like 2011 but still did n't win anything major . 
  he faded away by the end of 2012 long before his `` move to dota '' . 
  the entire reason he moved to dota was lack of success in sc2 . 
  babyknight can do well ( top 8 ) in some euro-only tournaments but he ca n't even compete on a proper international level . 
  being worse ? 
  we talked about the response of the community and how it may be though to overcome . 
  if sheever 's not transgender that 's not really a valid comparison , is it ? 
  i never said anything about being wrong or bad myself . 
   then what 's the difference between a female and a transgender ? 
  are you seriously asking this question ? 
  like i said i 'm not talking about my own opinion . 
  i personally could n't care less about someone 's sex or gender . 
  but if you ca n't recognize how the dota community or any large community would react differently to a transgender than they would to a `` regular '' female you must be pretty delusional . 
  gamersgate was n't about women though . 
  it was about one fucking asshole who happened to be female and then played it off as if it was her gender being attacked and not her personality . 
  it 's a shame / r/venusdimples and / r/backdimples seem pretty dead . 
  kinda looks like jenni lee to be honest . 
  i 'm not saying she 's automatically a success in dota . 
  i was just commenting on her performance as a zerg that someone else called `` autopilot for any pro '' . 
  damn, 
  you really think he 's complaining ? 
  seems more like a joke to me . 
  the whole `` can you believe it '' makes it pretty obvious he 's making fun of the whole `` wrong color iphone '' stereotype . 
  he aknowledges it does n't actually matter . 
  this post overall is quality cringe , but the commentors of this sub once again try to force hate where none is necessary . 
  seems like a reasonable guy, 
   no matter what the do , the damage is done . 
  it 's never going to look the same . 
  you do realize these things have stood out in the open for thousands of years ? 
  if someone poured paint on it a thousand years ago would that ruin it for people today ? 
  it would n't , it 'd be part of its history if even that . 
  just like it 's not `` ruined '' if someone covers it in paint in the year 2015 . 
  yeah but the entire point of this `` landmark '' or `` monument '' is how it 's been able to withstand thousands of years of weather and whatever people have done to it . 
  some guy pouring paint over it is hardly going to `` ruin '' it . 
  it 's still standing . 
  this image pops up on reddit every 1-2 months on different subreddits and i always check the comments . 
  still no name or source :(, 
  no shit ?
