  i did n't look at the subreddit and thought it was hundreds of meters up in the air . 
  not all air shows end up in the plane crashing . 
  your stuff is just low-end . 
  does n't make razor high-end . 
   use the tutorial mode to find the bomb quickly, 
  i 've actually never heard of this before but it seems absolutely broken . 
  i hope they remove it . 
   this is a ps4 sub . 
  the one thing that everybody here has in common in they either have or like the ps4 . 
  i never argued against that . 
  i own a ps4 myself , that 's why i 'm here . 
  i said commenting on this sub does n't mean you only own/play on a ps4 . 
  newsradio was on tv every day during the afternoon when i came home from elementary school . 
  i absolutely loved that show then forgot about it for 10 years . 
  i 'm glad i saw a clip on youtube or somewhere because it made me watch all the seasons again and it truly was as good as i remembered even though i probably missed half the jokes as a kid . 
   there will be moments where pros ca n't find the bomb , half a second counts sometimes . 
  but we already see those moments in pro play and it has n't hurt the scene or anything, 
  not everything needs to have as much yolo swag as possible . 
  i think it simply looks silly . 
  i just torrented it . 
  i did n't start the pc conversation , i replied to a comment talking about the pc version and even the original post talks about the pc version . 
  ctrl + f `` pc '' 1 of 90, 
  of course . 
  it 's a pc port made by a company that also publishes ps4 games . 
  how they treat their consumer base affects those who only play on ps4 . 
  why is it so important to you that people do n't even mention other platforms that you 're willing to come up with imaginary friends to agree with your claims ? 
   you do n't understand consumerism, 
  oh okay , i thought how companies treat their paying customers was relevant but apparently it 's not :\\ ^ ), 
  i hate shitty ports just as much as the next guy but is n't that like saying wb loves pc as a platform if they released one excellent port ? 
  i could still buy a wb game in the future if i knew it to be a good port . 
  i just wo n't buy this wb game since it is n't . 
   implying i 'm a kid, 
  where did i imply this ? 
  are you seriously coming up with insults to get offended at ? 
  yeah i was n't saying you were wrong . 
  i was just commenting how i find the tag less than ideal , even if there is a counterpart . 
  all the posts about bans for minor infractions like disallowed nicknames i see on this sub are 10 + years . 
  some are like 99 years . 
  i get why he was banned but does every ban really need to be a permaban ? 
  what happened to banning for like a month as a warning the first time you get b &, 
   finland is doing pretty good in terms of education . 
  do n't you think liberal financial aid is part of this ? 
  finland is doing well in terms to primary and secondary education . 
  our universities are n't nearly as good . 
   you have to at least concede to that having proper aid for the people who are actually studying is a good thing ? 
  i think free education and providing the basics needed for survival during studying is a good thing . 
  i consider the bare minimum `` proper air '' . 
  nope . 
  who uses a capital x with xd ? 
  it would look like an abbreviation , not a smilie face . 
  nothing better than some dota roleplaying . 
  i personally like the `` random word from the dictionary '' approach . 
   dogs are supposed to be too, 
  no shit ? 
  is there anyone who thought dogs are vegetarians ? 
  i think this sounds more like a case of treatment of celebrities/rich in developing countries than men/women . 
  i 'm sure a male actor in the same situation would 've gotten preferential treatment as well . 
  yeah pretty much this . 
  i do n't like everything nvidia does but for 339 $ at the time this 970 has been an amazing purchase . 
  if i did n't have internet to read about this stuff i never would 've known something was supposed to be wrong . 
  best games in that pile are fallout nv , gta5 and the new tomb raider . 
  after that probably oblivion , deus ex , acb and metro 2033 . 
  valve has the worst customer service of any company i 've seen . 
  just because they give you 75 % discount on games you 'll never play does n't make it ok to treat customers like absolute garbage . 
  i 've been a steam customer since september 2003 and they 've `` helped '' me with one issue . 
  by helped i mean they did n't do anything to help but at least i got a human response telling me they wo n't do anything . 
  all the other times it 's been a copy pasted bot answer from a faq , which obviously did n't help anything because i had already read the same faq before attempting to contact the customer service . 
  the last time i contacted them i did n't even get a response . 
  also the whole second account for customer service system is ridiculous and overly complciated on purpose . 
  i 'm already registered into steam , why would that account not work for steam customer service ? 
  if this is considered a great anime i do n't want to see a bad one . 
  [ murica ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=py6gmdv5uky ), 
  i do n't think you honestly have to see more than the title to figure out they 're on mdma, 
  2.38 for example, 
  works just fine for me still, 
  yeah but that does n't solve the issue of having a bot with 10k money buy a fucking ump, 
  there 's no input delay in borderless . 
  you just ca n't set the brightness which is why i lot of people play fullscreen . 
  go solo que in europe and chances are 2 or more of your team are russians . 
  cis counts as russia btw . 
  or just remove bots altogether from competetive and distribute the 5th person 's money among the 4 remaining members . 
  just disable it for votekick and problem solved . 
  the small boost to economy would never be worth playing 4v5 so people could n't abuse it by leaving on purpose . 
  still better than having a bot buy m249s and run backwards into opponents while the rest of the team is struggling to buy ak 's . 
  hacking does n't mean you 're bad at a game . 
  it means you 're human scum . 
  2 people on a bombsite using smokes and molotovs can take like 40 second off the clock total . 
  you should n't need time to change bomb sites 7 times per round like current mm inferno is . 
   now money has to go from valve -  tournament organizer -  team management -  player , and as shown in dota there are quite a few issues on every step of the way . 
  the issues are n't in that chain . 
  valve -  organizer -  team -  player works just fine in the western scene . 
  when chinese are involved even organizer -  team does n't work . 
   i feel like its coming soon . 
  thats why there havent been any major gameplay updates in awhile . 
  it 's like theyre slowly getting ready to push out a giant source2 update like dota . 
  dota 2 had arguably it 's single biggest gameplay patch ever published just 2 months before source 2 beta release . 
  before and after that they 've continued to do balance patching and tweaking almost on a weekly basis . 
  and like someone else pointed out they 've been openly talking about the source 2 engine for a year now . 
  csgo 's lack of development is pretty much the opposite of what 's happened in dota and i certainly would n't consider it a sign that 's something is happening . 
  128tick does n't make the game any more demanding than 64tick .
