  it probably has more to do with the console/profile settings . 
  the ones where you can choose whether the default setting is invert or not and if you want subtitles etc. 
  sounds like you 've chosen to automatically enable auto aim if possible . 
  because everything about it was bad . 
  if you just wanted a d-pad and a & b even a nes controller was better . 
  the stick was terrible , the a and b they did n't manage to screw up but the c button placement was so unnatural and the buttons small and unresponsive . 
  and of course the fact some games required you to either have 3 arms or switch the controller around which is something you never want to have even as a posibility . 
  until the 360 . 
  it was great at the time compared to ps2 or xbox but once you 've been using the 360 controller for a decade the wavebird just feels . . inadequate . 
  i think they used it as a base for the 360 design though , the two are very similiar . 
   slave labor ? 
  well a civilization advanced enough to travel the cosmos would be able to build robots/machines to do everything for them, 
  they could , but it 'd probably cost more . 
  us humans can build robots for practically everything yet the clothes we wear were probably sewn by a small asian child . 
  even if they had no need for us they 've probably ran into some other folks that might . 
  a few billion well fed slaves does sound like a good investment . 
  no i realize there are different `` levels '' . 
  it 's all the same though . 
  free aim is the only sensible choice . 
  even having the possibility of `` using it wrong '' makes it a bad controller . 
  probably has to do with your profile settings . 
  i know in the 360 you can set up stuff like whether invert is on by default or subtitles etc. 
  they 've gone all this way to make it a more appealing `` living room entertainment center '' for casual gamers etc. 
  so i would n't be surprised if auto-aim was the default option for new profiles these days . 
  you do n't even have to come up with a nickname in the new dashboard , the xbox generates one for you . 
  there 's no after touch in the carpet bombing mission . 
  the first bombing mission where you could guide the bombs was ridiculously easy , i cleared it on the first try . 
  fearing words is one of the stupidest things i 've ever heard of . 
  fearing words is one of the stupidest things i 've ever heard of . 
  besides `` n word '' is the exactly same thing . 
  you 're thinking of nigger and you 're letting me know you 're thinking of nigger , just by giving me extremely obvious clues instead of saying the actual word . 
  it 's childish and extremely hypocritical . 
  yeah i do n't know if a ps3 has the same sort of profile settings either . 
  all i know is my game was set to free aim by default and some people here are saying theirs was n't . 
  not like it matters anyway , it takes 2 seconds to change it if for some weird reason the autoaim was turned on by default . 
  but is n't indycar raced in a circle ? 
  if there 's no technological competition then what 's the point ? 
  people driving identical cars around an oval ? 
  does n't sound very interesting to me . 
  driving skill ? 
  what part of oval track did you not understand ? 
  the gta font is like the coca cola logo . 
  if you 're saying you do n't recognize it you 're lying . 
  or from north korea . 
  i know which one i 'm betting my money on . 
  this sounds like a joke from the 80s . 
  who the fuck looks at a * clock * to tell the time anymore ? 
  i do n't even have a clock in my apartment and i have like 10 different things telling me the time . 
  all of them synchronized to some distant internet atomic clock . 
  probably does , but if you were to host a competition to see who the best driver was why would you pick the most boring and least challenging shape possible as the track ? 
  that 's why i always figured these races were really just auto manufacturers competing and getting pr . 
  but now i find out they all have the same engine ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  or why people watch it when there 's so much better racing available if you 're into motor sports . 
  so you link some butt hurt nascar fans blog where he totally proves that nascar is cool and not at all easy or lame ? 
  seems legit . 
   who the fuck wants to watch a glorified tech demo masquerading as a full-fledged sport ? 
  car manufacturers . 
  that 's what i always figured these events were . 
  them getting pr and advertisement time that people are actually willing to pay to watch . 
  that 's why i 'm so confused as to why a race like this would have identical engines . 
  just because i ca n't drive for shit does n't make a circle any less of a boring track . 
  pro football players would still kick my ass even if tackling was n't allowed , does n't mean that the sport would n't totally suck if they banned tackling . 
  i do n't see the two as mutually exclusive . 
  yea i 'm the complete opposite . 
  if i see an analog clock i have to reverse engineer the info to really `` understand '' what time it is . 
  with digital clocks it 's instant . 
  i also prefer statistics as plain numbers instead of a pie chart . 
  maybe the two are related . 
  \\  warming up frozen dinners, 
  \\  calls it cooking food, 
  but are n't the f1s almost like this as well nowadays ? 
  i remember reading about having only one engine and now i heard they do n't even refuel anymore and changing tires is regulated etc. 
  i have n't really followed it since h\u00e4kkinen retired . 
  e . it was n't just one shared engine , but they did freeze the specs to save money in development . 
   if you 're cheering on a specific competitor , tracking points and analyzing maneuvers , then does it really matter what shape the track is ? 
  yes ? 
  that 's exactly like saying `` if you 're a fan of football franchise x * does it really matter * if they change the rules to ban tackling '' . 
  but is n't this what we had been using for the last decade before we made the switch to touch screens ? 
  this is like the worst of both worlds . 
  it 's not cheating since it 's a single player game . 
  you 're only ruining your own experience . 
  sounds like you 're desperately making excuses cause you know i 'm right, 
  someone explained these the other day ? 
  how about they 're visible and have been for a long time on any post on the sidebar . 
  it 's pretty much the first thing on there . 
  nice video and a good place to run from the cops but is this really something special ? 
  i see comments here and on youtube like this is the most amazing driving skills they 've ever seen . 
  this looks exactly like me or my friends on any police chase , and we are n't anything special either . 
  just average guys who 've played the game a few times before . 
  i 'd hate to see how bad all these people praising are at this game if this is truly like the second coming of jesus for them . 
  \\  playing tdm, 
   hit the aim button , move stick slightly downward , head shots every time . 
  you really need additional explaining after letting out a sentence like that ? 
  it 's not evident to you how getting headshots every time with zero effort would maybe ruin the challenge and fun out of a video game ? 
  why do n't you just watch a movie if you want autoaim ? 
  i do n't get why the entire reddit is on it 's knees jerking to this video . 
  it was definitely good , do n't get me wrong . 
  i enjoyed when i watched it through the first time . 
  then it kinda exploded on reddit and youtube comments and everyone started praising his driving like he was a god .
