  this . 
  also the pic does n't capture the full funniness of this quote , not enought setting up with raging to your phone, 
  do n't be a beeetch, 
  pro tip : if you watch it for long enough , the fallen panda retaliates, 
  thanks !, 
  what kind of a drill bit did you use ? 
  when drilling glass you should always do it under flowing water, 
  [ here 's ] ( http://stroman.imgur.com/how_to_ez_glass_bong#fvp3w ) a how-to with pictures im2inchesofhard just posted here, 
  i think having a stem is bad idea , it limits how low you can place the bottle in the beginning and therefore how big a hit you can take . 
  instead i recommend you just have a simple base or a socket or even just aluminum foil . 
  also i throw the cap away and place the base right on the opening but that 's just up to preference . 
  i 'm all for science and everything but that video was really lame, 
  how can you not be proud about that team, 
  is it just me or does it look like she bursted laughing instead of crying after `` i 've contemplated suicide '' ? 
  at least she was smiling . 
  seems legit, 
  comments need approval and only ones saying she 's a victim etc seem to have been allowed . 
  definitely lying . 
  this is kind of a douche bag thing to say to somebody who accidentally just got really really high for the first time . 
  no need to add unnecessary stress , he 'll deal with that tomorrow, 
  you are the . . whatever they use to cure cancer . 
  on the interwebs . 
  you know what i mean . 
  actually [ this ] ( http://potimages.com/data/media/8/universal_420_highness_chart.png ) is what it 's originally based upon and people used to reference to . 
  now with all the newfags it 's `` smoke some weed '' = 8-10, 
  i agree and do n't . 
  i could n't attain a 6 -  right now either , but after a nice break i definitely could . 
  that 's actually pretty interesting . 
  was it like an instant hit or did it creep on you and at one point you just realized how fucking high you were ? 
  why are all the comments in finnish & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  i know it made no sense but i had a quick `` they know ! '', 
  sensation right there [ 5 ], 
  when i 'm not angry , weed makes me happy, 
  when i 'm angry , weed makes me happy, 
  i do n't think you can say `` better times '' . 
  if you think about your mood as like a spectrum from like murder-suicide to unconditional love for everybody it travels a longer distance from mad to happy if you smoke while angry than regularly . 
  yeah i 'm high, 
  was it the same kind of high or a more clear one ? 
  because that 's what a lot of people who like to vape keep telling me and i really have no clue what it means . 
  also , how would you estimate your tolerances , do you smoke daily or once or twice a week or every few weeks or what ? 
  well that does sound like a really strong bong hit after a break . 
  you say it was one bag ? 
  or even just a part of a full bag ( i 'm assuming it 's a volcano bag we 're talking about ) ? 
  also what 's a fubbler, 
  you know you 're high when you think op tricked the doctors to have the expire in the 13th month so it actually never expires . 
  no i keep it in , even for like 15-20 seconds . 
  i do the same for smoke too though ( not usually as long though ) because i value personal experience higher than some study that says it does n't matter . 
  it does . 
  sometimes a tiny bit of vapor comes out but never anything like smoking , not a cloud or anything . 
   should get stoned if thc has ever been introduced to their body ... nuff said, 
  well , no . 
  i mean if you look at any other drugs the method affects greatly . 
  you can sniff heroin but it 's the effect is on a whole other level than injecting . 
  i have n't tried heroin and do n't plan on it but just an example . 
  the thing is though most of my friends smoke weed . 
  a lot . 
  and out of those about 80 % feel the same way except many even stronger . 
  most wo n't even try a vaporizer anymore . 
  i keep giving them `` second '' chances but i 'm yet to really have a succesfull experience . 
  it is odd . 
  also it 's odd how on the internet everyone just praises vaporizers , but irl i 've tried to talk about it and ask almost every semi-random encounter who i 've smoked weed with and i have n't heard much love for them . 
  of course some love it , but not that many . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible to reach a [ 10 ] . 
  it would n't be on the chart otherwse . 
  just that it 's pretty rare and special and not just `` dude i 'm so high lol '', 
  you have n't smoke enough good enough weed with low enough tolerances, 
  of course and people do reach 8-10 but not all the fucking time and it 's not a mellow background high during which you 're able to do your job or ride a bicycle or a car like you often see here, 
  you have n't experienced most because you have smoked a lot of weed . 
  most of those effects require pretty low tolerances . 
  i 've been to a 8-9 myself but ca n't really go higher than 6 nowadays . 
  i 'll try to give it a shot . 
  was it a volcano that worked or some pocket vaporizer or what ? 
  one of the vaporizers i 've tried was my own so yes i googled about it a lot between ordering and receiving it and knew to grind it tiny . 
  i also tried different temperatures and at least i think it looked like described in the interwebs . 
  the thing is though i have n't just tried it together with the same friends and failed a few times . 
  instead i 've tried with different people and different people 's vaporizers and had them operate it etc. 
  with similiar results . 
  what is this madness, 
  i 'm twelve years old and what is this ? 
  of course . 
  i was n't arguing that weed would n't affect people differently but a scale is only good as long as other people know what it means . 
  you can relate to somebody better when it 's a specific level of highness you 're talking about . 
   and thought half-life 1 looked real . 
  been there :d, 
  the price does n't need to be on the bottles or packages . 
  u.s stores have the `` fake '' prices in the store labels that are made and places by store employees . 
  it would be just as easy printing the real price . 
  but this is no excuse . 
  i understand why they would n't print it on the packaging then but they do n't do that anywhere else either ( except for tobacco ) . 
  the store is n't going to move over state or county lines , why ca n't the labels have the actual price ? 
  i too have been turned away from the counter in the u.s as a kid trying to buy stuff i though i could just afford . 
  it was pretty confusing cause she started yelling and i could n't really understand anything and i was sure i had the right amount of money so i though she was just mad at me for some random reason . 
  you can get attention though, 
  yeah because rapists are born in the depths of hell and have nothing in common with the average human brain that gets aroused by a certain type of appearance . 
  get the fuck out of here . 
  the pic is just as ridiculous . 
  no one ever argued that you 're completely immune to rape by not wearing revealing clothes . 
  yes but see when you say something like `` being alone at night in a park is a bad idea '' you get downvoted/hated upon because you 're `` blaming the victim '' . 
  i 'm not blaming anybody but it does n't mean you could n't possibly affect the likelihood of rape . 
  i could say the same thing to somebody who got mugged in a park and he or she would n't start yelling at me for blaming the victim .
