  all it affects for me is the pick phase, 
  i 've even seen the word `` tank '' be used as a replacement for `` carry '', 
  it 's best when you save a teammate from like a bloodseeker that has ruptured them `` omg lina ks '', 
  but necro has a heal so he 's obviously a support . 
  and wd needs his first item shadow blade, 
  to be fair a core abaddon is fucking annoying to deal with, 
  to be fair most of the fucking tail wiggles etc were completely useless in red/blue . 
  spend a round to increase your damage from 10 to 12 or something when the fight takes 3 rounds, 
  yeah i loved this when i only had a few hundred hours . 
  someone giving you shit and you see they have 2000 + hours in the game `` why are you still at this mmr after 2 thousand hours , i 've played the game for a month '', 
  that 's because it 's a hard hero to excel at and very easily countered if not played well . 
  while the hero is n't bad i still think `` for fuck 's sake '' when someone in my team picks it because they 'll likely perform worse than the average non-techies player . 
  starcraft was already dying towards the end of wol . 
  hots was n't bad and it brought new life to the game but not enough to keep going for over 2 years with little to no new additions or even changes to the ( meta ) game . 
  we do n't hate starcraft . 
  we 're just bored of playing the same game for 5 years especially when it seems completely abandoned and most of the features the community/pros have been asking for for years have n't received even a response from blizzard . 
  and when they finally do something it 's usually shit nobody wanted in the first place . 
  it 's like their sc2 department is three guys living a in a bubble developing a hobby of theirs to suit their own needs and wants and nobody elses . 
  delay the expansion for unnecessarily long ( you ca n't realistically expect people to wait as long between a base game and 1st expansion as between the 1st and 2nd expansion ) and what they finally released felt like a project rushed in the last week before deadline despite having over 2 years to work on it . 
  also their view on what the game needs and should aim for mechanically differs a lot from what the `` hardcore '' audience and playerbase want who are largely all there is left . 
  more casual players have moved on to other games a long time ago . 
  while the crowdfunding model for tournaments is a great addition if you really want to point out something dota2 does right compared to blizz it 'd be [ this ] ( https://www.dota2.com/684/ ) . 
  that 's new content equivalent to a new sc2 expansion for free . 
  2 months before they release the totally reworked ( under the hood ) game for the source 2 engine that increases performance , allows for much better mod and custom map support and a totally redesigned menu ui with tons of features the community has been asking for . 
  for free . 
  a few months before that [ 6.83 c ] ( http://www.dota2.com/newbloom/part3 ) . 
  a few months before that [ 6.83 ] ( http://www.dota2.com/shiftingsnows/ ) . 
  this is how you keep a game alive . 
  oh yeah it sure is detrimental to the game and community to have people bring up legitimate complaints . 
  dazzle and wd are both pink shaman type characters with healing abilities . 
  clockwerk and timbersaw launch hooks that latch onto stuff and allow them to travel quickly . 
  ogre magi and alchemist are fat ogres that throw spells . 
  weaver and nyx are spider-like creatures with invis that grants a speed boost . 
  bw 's lack of official support was circumvented by the korean scene that designed the maps around the broken unbalanced mess that was bw, 
  oh yeah i remember that one, 
  why do you have to be like this :(, 
  i have to disagree . 
  that was near perfect delivery of the line . 
  hahaha i do love me some dank unrelated maymays, 
  i 'm not saying copying the free to play model is the only choice . 
  being free is n't even the deciding difference . 
  i could n't make sc2 more alive even if i was prepared to pay for additional content . 
  close enough, 
   it has a certain magic i wo n't bother to go into explaining, 
  if you base your argument on something like this you might as well not press the send button, 
   i do n't feel the need to justify the reasoning for why i think broodwar is better . 
  you do n't need to . 
  but if you do n't want to discuss it then you do n't need to post about it either . 
   part of the reason why i feel like this it 's because every time i decided to waste my time with well constructed walls of texts , it never made a difference, 
  but you already posted a wall of text . 
   no matter how shitty blizzard was over the years , the support sc2 got was infinitely greater than what bw got . 
  while true that 's a stupid benchmark to have . 
  for example the budget of aaa games in the 2010s can easily be 10-100 times what big titles in the 90s got . 
  blizzard 's treatment should n't be compared to bw , it should be compared to other blizzard games in the same decade or the competing `` esports '' games of the same decade . 
  it 's a great time to be alive ( and young ), 
  yeah i 'm sure older folk love it too but you already had to suffer haha, 
  not baseball but as a referee i can tell that you do get an adrenaline rush when you realize something unusal happened and you were totally on point and made the right call . 
  it 's a good feeling equivelant to scoring a goal or something . 
  yea me too but that 's why i assumed it 'd be as fast as the knife . 
  otherwise it kinda sucks that it replaces knife in `` slot 3 '' . 
  should be the 2nd in that slot if you ask me . 
  hey guys i found the one person on earth who did n't play cs during 2000-2006, 
  i 'm going to forget about this before july 10th, 
  by the time the mod was out you could get hl for the equivalent of 10 $, 
  what 's considered a `` good game '' is fundamentally different in eu/na and asia . 
  westeners value stuff like fair equal gameplay a lot more than koreans do for example . 
  for them p2w is n't as much of a dealbreaker as it is in the western scene . 
  could you imagine anyone playing cs if skins gave you more damage for example ? 
  that game could still be popular in china or korea but nobody would play it in the west . 
  they show up as one device . 
  they share the volume setting etc. 
  sounds comes out of both . 
  i just turn off my speakers when i do n't use them . 
  but everybody knows destiny is shit, 
  only noobs hate nuke because the `` pick style '' of dust 2 does n't work on it . 
  the biggest problem this created was the overly important pistol round which was pretty much the only round where t 's had a 50/50 chance . 
  if you lost your t pistol it was very difficult to get even 3 rounds as a t and winning your pistol round as t ( and the consequent ecos/forces ) would mean that even if you lost all the following rounds you 'd have a pretty good chance at winning . 
  i personally love the map despite that and do n't really consider the `` ct sideness '' that big of an issue since teams swap sides but i do admit the map had some problems . 
  last time i checked you switch sides at half time, 
  nobody cares whether they used it to their advantage or not . 
  it 's that they could 've . 
  it 's like having aimbot installed `` but i did n't use it since we won anyway '' . 
  so if the other side plays their ct side just as well it would be 15-15 then would n't it ? 
   should, 
  i never said all maps should have one side at an advantage . 
  i just do n't think an advantage is reason enough alone that a map is unplayable . 
  and it would be worthless because most people do n't solo queue and nobody kicks their own friend, 
  you 're simply in denial because you 're a guy who plays guitars at a college campus, 
  why do you do this to yourself ? 
  sleep tight pupper, 
  they are free . 
  i imagine some people come up and grab a whole bunch and that 's what they 're referring to with `` stealing '' . 
  on the other hand in his quote he originally predicted the device be so `` simple '' that it fit in a vest pocket . 
  so he did n't fully predict the concept where arguably the smaller you go the more complicated the design gets . 
  depends which gta we 're talking about . 
  in gta3 and vice city you lose all your weapons when wasted and in san andeas as well unless you have the nurse girlfriend . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , but i disagree . 
  i never understood the hype and i 'm someone who had played hl1 and had thousands of hours in hl1 mods ( and again thousands of hours in source mods ) . 
  hl2 was a physics demo with an okay plot . 
  the gravity gun was extremely fun , at the time .
