  luckily only one of them made it to my front page . 
  not every funny picture should be turned into a meme . 
  at least outside the op 's comment section . 
  30 days of vacation a year  it 's the [ law ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2007/06/12/pf/vacation_days_worldwide/ )  have fun with your `` real life '' !, 
  that sounds more like a traditional bbs than reddit though . 
  and it would defeat the purpose of r/adviceanimals, 
  it 's `` washes dick in sink '' . 
  come on , we 're talking about fbf here . 
  damn woman , you got ta have priorities !, 
  medicine factories have regular drug tests . 
  in my country it 's very rare in any other workplaces . 
  actually i do n't think it 's even permitted without a specific reason ( working in customs , drug industry etc. ), 
   i figured if we continued to build it ( this subreddit ) , she will come . 
  out of context this line looks even sadder than it really is, 
  her name is janessa brazil or brasil or something like that, 
  it 's possible via custom games and friendlies ( and ut if on the same console ) so how is it a huge flaw ? 
  of course you ca n't play h2h seasons against a friend , even 1v1 . 
  because he a word, 
  phones are pretty damn easy to steal . 
  just saying . 
   our country, 
  he 's from venezuale . 
  give the guy a break . 
  i understood what he meant . 
  oh god please do n't say that out loud unless you want it run to the ground by tomorrow afternoon . 
  it did make the whole comic . 
  had you used some sort of rage face instead of it i would had `` meh '' 'd but instead i literally lol 'd . 
  or chuckled . 
  still pretty good for internet . 
  i do n't know man . 
  i love weed and everything but no matter how high i am i still think reddiquette is a good thing . 
  and reposts suck . 
  nah not radians this time . 
  i think the other calculator is just shitty and/or the settings have been messed with and it does n't know the correct order . 
  i 'd actually like to know the reason the other calculator failed , since this is extremely basic math . 
  either this is not you or you waited a long time to post this to reddit because i 've seen this gif multiple times plenty of time ago . 
  it 's possible someone else just had the exact same idea but even the angle and the bong etc look familiar so i call shenanigans . 
  yeah this part is confusing me as well . 
  if he 's not guilty of discharging his weapon that means he did n't shoot at anyone , right ? 
  so how did he attempt to murder them then ? 
  yeah but it sucks if you 're running low because i always feel almost sober after i 'm finished , no matter how short a time it 's been since i last smoked . 
  or keep a vape near by and suck it occasionally before , during and after . 
  yeah me too and i love real watermelons . 
  same thing with bananas . 
  nothing `` banana flavoured '' is actually even close to babanas but instead they all have the exact same ( terrible ) taste . 
  i think orange comes pretty close . 
  and pineapple in some cases . 
  because drug users are irresponsible hoodlums, 
  yes i 've been using chuckle but i read the same description before posting this and to me it sounded like a continuous laugh that you 're just trying to suppress . 
  not an open and honest `` ha '' . 
  i might very well be wrong though . 
  `` humpf '' is a good description of the sound by the way . 
  smirk is more of a smile though is n't it ? 
  when i hear smirk all i can think of is a flirtish quick smile . 
  which is close-ish but not really used in the same situation . 
  sorry to get your hopes up but i 'm just commenting so i remember to check this thread, 
  the finnish did n't invent flammable fluids in a bottle but they did invent the fuse system etc. 
  that has become standard with molotov cocktails . 
  unlike video games would have you believe the `` rag on the top '' system is a really shitty one . 
  i know because as a kid we used to collect those small ( 50ml or something ) liquor bottles and make them into molotov cocktails that we 'd throw on the rocks on the shore :d, 
  he mad, 
  at least with my virtual pro i 've had a 5 star weak foot pretty much since the start but there is definitely a difference between left and right . 
  no i think your reaction is the healthy one, 
  if i play fifa online i always start an empty party . 
  works like a mute button . 
  whole grain baguette , mozzarella cheese , red onion , dried chili , oregano on top, 
  pepperoni , tomato , more cheese inside, 
  e. two baguettes . 
  weekend . 
  this was friday , [ here 's saturday ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/rxgo5/5am_sandwichhotdog_attempt_2_this_time_with/ ), 
  that 's exactly what it feels like !, 
  i played the sp campaign mostly with a pistol for the same reason . 
  i was high as well it helps, 
  i cut the bratwurst down the middle into slices . 
  there 's 4 sausages in that . 
  little dark on top but juicy on the inside . 
  other than that red onion , chili , cheese , mustard , some ketchup and spices . 
  kompany is probably the best out of those defenders . 
  imo he 's the best defender in the premier league, 
  and rocket propelled grenade . 
  i 'm 12 and what is this ? 
   morrison is now 31 and the biological father of a little boy born in india on july 26, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i do n't like akimbos at all . 
  but i did get a quarduple ( multi ) kill with the mp-412 yesterday unloading it to a narrow hallway , 
  magnum is an odd choice for hardcore . 
  i applaud your accomplishment and everything but would n't it had been easier with the mp-412 which is also one shot kill but more accurate , much less recoil and faster reload . 
  i do n't mind others using `` real '' guns . 
  it 's part of the thrill . 
  besides in close quarters pistols absolutely destroy assault rifles . 
  masuka is a comic relief that has n't been funny in 5 years because of his predictability and is no other use in the show . 
  i enjoy quinn . 
  doakes was awesome though . 
  i 've loved all the call of duty games ( except for cod3 ) and think mw3 is great, 
  \\  drop zone, 
  \\  jelly, 
  \\  complaining about downvotes, 
  well attack dogs had 11 and nuke has 25 so yeah i 'd say it was the easiest . 
  i got attack dogs as often as i get an ac-130 in mw3 which is a lot . 
  downvoting a bad idea is easier than typing a response .
