  if you 're old enough to see marines shot to death you 're old enough to read a curse word . 
  yeah but you can see it 's gotten to forgg -  psychological edge . 
  i do n't get why that guy above is getting downvoted , this is what nerchio wanted and it 's working . 
  getting mad at your opponent is never good for performance . 
  what 's an extremely unlikely assumption ? 
  that nerchio is bm ` ing to gain a psychological edge ? 
  or that the person who answered `` glhf '' with `` shut the fuck up '' is mad ? 
  i 'd consider both of those pretty likely . 
  10.6.8 but now i 'm scared about updating . 
  did you try to use the universal razer software ( i 've heard it 's crap ) or the imperator software ? 
  shiit this is bad news since starcraft is already bitching that 10.6.8 is no longer supported and i should update . 
  yeah i definitely do n't want to use 10.7 : /, 
  i have 10.8 on my other computer and i 'd be willing to upgrade to that but having no support for my mouse really screws things up, 
  i 'm guessing i 'm in the minority when i vastly prefer the cookie part to the filling, 
  you remembered everything except for the weed, 
  what has science done !, 
  i still like a little bit of filling to go with the cookie . 
  i wish there were half stuffed oreos . 
  why would someone eat oreos without milk ? 
   your, 
   wrong opinion, 
   coca-cola uses corn syrup everywhere else, 
  they do n't . 
  they only use corn syrup in the u.s ( and canada ? 
  idk ) . 
  every country in europe has sugar coke , asia too . 
  well that 's really impractical : /, 
  so if the guy had n't gone onto the opponent 's lane would that be a legit strategy ? 
  i ca n't watch solo women or lez for more than a minute without getting bored . 
  i do agree however that the less the guy is shown the better . 
  i ca n't understand a. cutting to the man 's face mid-coitus b. men pornstars who make noises c. that angle where you mostly see the man 's ass . 
  awkward champagne shoot-off !, 
  well incontrol was the epitome of a troll in those pre-recorded interviews so it 's only fair . 
  great stuff though . 
  he knows a lot about starcraft ** and ** he 's not socially awkward . 
  it 's a rare combination and i 'm glad to have him in the sc2 scene . 
  like giving blowjobs to dildos ? 
  i agree with you 100 % , that 's the main reason i ca n't enjoy lesbian vids either . 
  going through the trouble to return $ 3 because `` you 're not a thief '' only serves to make you feel better about yourself , no business actually cares about $ 3 . 
  you went back to your parents house for a week and brought your desktop pc along ? 
  i 've seen this a bunch of times . 
  op definitely needs to lurk moar . 
  no matter how high my tolerance is i always smoke one bowl . 
  i may smoke them more frequently or just complain about not getting high but i never smoke multiple bowls in a row . 
  are you serious ? 
  everyone i know ( including me ) has tasted kfc once and realized it 's really low quality shit chicken for people who ca n't afford better food . 
  is it seriously seen as a delicacy somewhere ? 
  and then morphed into a much worse character a few seasons later . 
  south park has always been commentary except maybe the first episodes of the first season . 
  it just used to be subtle and commentate on things that are nearly timeless or at least hold their meaning as time passes . 
  for the last couple of seasons it 's just `` let 's take whatever is on the news/tabloids and make fun of it for 20 minutes '' . 
  make love not warcraft is hardly a classic . 
  it just got a lot of publicity because it had a graphic poop joke and referenced a game many people on the internet were familiar with . 
  there are literally dozens if not over a hundred better south park episodes which do n't need poop to be funny . 
  would n't you have to act on an uncontrollable attraction by definition though ? 
  that 's why it 's called uncontrollable . 
  otherwise it 's just attraction . 
  all of a sudden this does n't sound like such a bad deal, 
  yeah when there 's a blatant error on line 2 i 'm just going to ignore the rest of the picture and move on . 
  if you 're gon na make a graph like this you should at least double check the facts . 
  no they are n't . 
  at least in the wc/olympics you always see naked dudes running around . 
  if you 're lucky they have their jockstraps on but that 's not always the case . 
  ca n't say for a fact about nhl because the gcl broadcast always cuts right after the game is over . 
  it 's not a women 's league though . 
  when there are female players in the nhl your point may be valid but not now . 
  i do n't understand how the amount of leagues has anything to do with this . 
  there are way more female nurses than male nurses , should male reporters have access to hospital staff dressing rooms ? 
  and yes i understand the comparison is idiotic , that 's the point . 
  so because there are more male athletes they somehow lose more of their right to privacy ? 
  the point is not whether or not the female reporter actually stares at the players ' junk , but whether it makes the players uncomfortable or not . 
  it 's a sacred place . 
  the point is not whether or not the female or gay reporter actually stares at the players ' junk , but whether it makes the players uncomfortable or not . 
  you can tell whether someone is female by looking at them , you ca n't tell if they 're gay . 
  well great now i want one, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ^ rangers ^ ^ ^ ^ though, 
   within like . . a few months, 
  you do realize that rage comics started in 2008 ? 
  they gained popularity pretty much instantly . 
  maybe not front page of reddit popularity right away but everyone on 4chan or many other website knew of them . 
  do you even lift though ? 
  and she 's like 13 in the gif, 
  e. [ source ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggdajxchs5e#t=157s ) yeah this was in 2010, 
  i remember in the infomercials they claimed you could put it on your health insurance depending on your hmo, 
  is it just me or does his white voice sound exactly like carlton, 
  you breed like rabbits though . 
  my grandfather was approximately that age in the early 20th century . 
  no dude . 
  that 's sweat combined with your ass that you did n't wipe properly . 
  most of the fluid is probably sweat , but the colour is from shit . 
  so you 're not a contributing member of society ? 
  shame on you . 
  go back and look at some of the older submissions . 
  this sub used to be gold . 
  this video was definitely harder to watch than anything posted in a while, 
  that 's true though they did merge pretty early on . 
  well that and the fact that it 's like 5 years old, 
  i 've heard `` fucking a '' used sarcastically more than sincerely, 
  what ? 
  have you seen the news lately ?
