  maybe you should own more socks ? 
  if you live somewhere with access to lake how can you not swim ? 
  you admit to even going in that lake , has there never been a point in your life when you thought it 'd be a good idea to learn to swim ? 
  this whole `` does n't know how to swim '' business sounds really silly to someone living in a country where learning to swim is a mandatory thing in grade school . 
  and even during those `` swimming lessons '' 95 % of the class already knew how to swim . 
  yeah me too . 
  where i live we 're all forced to learn to swim in like 3rd grade , but 95 % of the class already knew how to . 
  it 's like being an adult and not knowing how to ride a bike . 
  unless you 're somehow handicapped i can not understand it . 
  finland . 
  well it 's not like the police will come to your door if you do n't learn it but it is a part of the required schedule in grade school . 
  and again in middle school if you want to pass the mandatory physical ed . 
  and once again in high school if you want to pass the mandatory physical ed . 
  courses . 
  calling cod shit ? 
  how extremely brave !, 
  implying not having infinite continues is n't simply a cheap way to artificially make the game harder . 
  or due to technical restrictions . 
  yeah but welfare is more than enough for rent , food and video games ( and you have more time to play said games ) . 
  at least if you live in a communist country like the glory republic of finland . 
  all the funemployment !, 
  \\  paying money for college, 
  well your wife is a elementary ed major who 's employed so in your sample pool the unemployment rate is 0 %, 
  yeah every time i read one of these articles about how it was a wise decision to study cs i get the urge to actually do something . 
  luckily youtube is only one click away . 
  yes , thank you for asking . 
  more about programming than web development . 
  can you ride a bike ? 
  just curious . 
  can it run hd videos smoothly ? 
  i do n't think that 's possible, 
  i guess his point was that the combined computing power of all those computers was n't even a fraction of raspberry pi 's `` slow '' processor . 
   have to, 
  no one 's forcing them, 
  yeah but the officials show the advantage by extending their arm when the player is fouled and blow the whistle only if he loses the ball . 
  point being they react to the foul immidiately even if they play the advantage and game is n't stopped . 
  i find it hard to believe there is n't a higher resolution version of this out there . 
  google did n't help :(, 
  `` reddit has forced google to remove unedditreddit from the chrome web store . 
  as a result unedditreddit is now a firefox extension . '', 
  i just use the old bookmark style that they had before they started doing any extensions , still works , ca n't see why it would n't work on chrome too . 
  just add this bookmark, 
  yeah this made me cringe like the best of them . 
  mostly the fact that they figured the joke was funny enough to make a video out of it . 
  yeah i came here to say that this is more / r/wince material but then i noticed it was in fact posted there first . 
  while i appreciate the video i do n't think this is really what / r/cringe is about . 
  yeah and i lift too !, 
  do n't have a lawyer though and my facebook account is n't deactivated . 
  i actually played through it ( once again ) only about two months ago . 
  still great . 
  have you heard about [ takedown ] ( http://takedownthegame.com ) ? 
   this game , the spiritual successor to games like the original rainbow six and swat series , will focus on realistic weapons modeling , squad based play , in a close-quarters battle setting . 
  it 's a game in development that was funded via kickstarter . 
  i donated way back during the kickstarter and have been following the development , has n't disappointed me so far though not a lot has been released . 
   the new onslaught mode, 
  i 'm pretty sure ( like 100 % ) that ut2k4 had onslaught mode as well . 
  it 's also extremely retarded, 
  well no that does n't explain it at all . 
  you have to be a fucking dumbass to require other comments pointing out `` april fools '' to believe something like askhistorians or askscience did . 
  i did n't even remember it was april 1st when i saw the post and after like 3 sentences i knew it was a joke and checked the date . 
  ... and i honestly could n't believe it when i saw those either . 
  yes i know they deleted comments pointing out it was april fools but nevertheless . 
  if she 's actually done porn i 'd be more than happy for a link, 
  yet `` men 's rights activists '' do n't seemingly appear to have any more pressing issues than complaining about some blogger complaining about something so ridiculous . 
  seriously this sub is cancer these days . 
  is there seriously nothing better to post than whining about a blog post ? 
  if that 's really the case it seems we have it pretty good . 
  is this a thing people seriously do ? 
  telling their parents when they lost their virginity . 
  that comparison only worked if after losing all your lives in the game a nintendo employee came by to your house and took the game away . 
  you still get to keep playing even without continues , you just have to replay stuff you 've already cleared again and again . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's used as justification to call this sub no better than srs, 
  always build workers . 
  keep your money low . 
  try not to get supply blocked . 
  this will get you to at least diamond . 
  then you can start thinking about strategy . 
  i 'd rather just enjoy my streamlined fast loading nice looking internet without ads and let plebs like you do the supporting for me . 
  implying the circlejerk ever ends on reddit, 
  well i was n't being sarcastic . 
  abp was apparently released in 2006 and i remember using the original `` adblock '' add-on long before the `` plus '' was released so a user for nearly a decade and never whitelisted a site . 
  except that comparison does n't work because the food quality does n't magically increase by tenfold if you run out . 
  ok this is creepy, 
  oh i 'm not trying to justify anything . 
  very few of my actions are justifiable by any definition . 
  i just do it and enjoy doing it . 
  have fun looking at ads knowing you 're paying for my ad-free experience . 
  i 'm pretty sure saying you 're pregnant is considered a retarded april fools joke as well . 
  implying linux is n't just a shittier unix based os, 
  you did n't cringe at the first four ? 
  for the purpose of that comment canada counts as america, 
  i got the moon cheese vhs when i lost my first tooth . 
  best tooth fairy present of all time . 
  that oven/fridge/robot thing was my favourite . 
  e. whoa i never realized there were so few wallace & gromits . 
  i actually had them all on video . 
   pingu was outside at night or something and all the ice blocks were scary shapes . 
  ca n't remember that one , are you sure you were n't thinking of [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opmbnu275um ) ? 
  because that was scary .
