  it 's like imageshack for finland . 
  it was ok in 2008 or so , now it 's just inexcusable . 
  the images disappear after a certain amount of time . 
  also `` if they detect hotlinking '' they will remove the image and replace it with an ad of their site . 
  there are two reasons you should use another better image host . 
  it does for first world countries . 
  probably pretty close to what happened to european countries irl when africans decided to `` join '' the population . 
  the not poor ones, 
  it could be possible this picture making fun of a child rapist is not 100 % factually accurate . 
  most non-native speakers at least write better english than most american teenagers . 
  i do n't think i said anything about `` all americans '', 
  i used `` most '' not once but twice in one sentence . 
  of course it 's a generalization . 
  starcraft is not a real sport . 
  fixing results is n't illegal . 
  last time i checked there were always multiple people streaming simultaneously . 
  so is not reasonable to assume that if a person wants to watch starcraft but not support idra he would watch another stream ? 
  you admitted defeat in life the moment you referred to internet conversations as `` winnable '' . 
  yea i thought the same thing, 
   imagine how less interesting sc2 would be without people like idra, 
  not at all ? 
  i can understand not everyone agrees but you did sorta ask my opinion . 
  unlike reddit where the hivemind was convinced he 's gon na get a raise . 
  i had both . 
  the psn fucking sucks . 
  and i do n't say this lightly . 
  i 'd be glad to pay the 30 $ a year xbox live costs to have a proper online experience on the playstation . 
  it 's well worth the money in my mind . 
  inb4 it costs 69,90 $ . 
  the internet is full of stores that sell 14 months passes for 35 $ . 
  there 's no reason to get it directly from the xbox . 
  most worthless piece of shit ever and you could n't disable it . 
  also xbmc is better than plex . 
  i have n't tried plex in about a 2 years though , not after they ruined the whole program with the stupid media library crap . 
  mine just got a problem a few days ago , the left button stopped working . 
  it 's the newer kind , a silver looking remote . 
  i also had to already change the batteries to it ( bought in 2011 ) . 
  my ex stole my white remote like the one op posted . 
  i hope it does n't still work . 
  at least the batteries lasted longer . 
  yeah well i did use plex for about 4 years before that . 
  xbmc is pretty much exactly how plex used to be back then . 
  plex ruined itself with the media library thing . 
  hopefully they 've added back the support to just browse your folders and files like you used to be able , if that 's the case it should be pretty much equal to xbmc . 
  i remember back when they made the switch there was a lot of cry about it on the forums and people asking to make the old functionality an alternative option etc. 
  but at least back then the developers said it was a conccious decision not to support it as it would split the development time etc. 
  that 's why i assumed not much has changed . 
  it 's true though, 
  that all sounds neat i guess but how would it benefit me in any way ? 
  i only use it to watch shows and movies on my tv connected via hdmi , what difference would a web interface make ? 
  and i 'd much rather play the files on my hdd than `` have my own netflix '' . 
  i already have my media organized in folders , why ca n't i just browse the folders ? 
  the plex update made everything appear as one huge list of files and half the content was nowhere to be found . 
  i 've read about the web interface but i just do n't understand what it 's supposed to improve . 
  i have my computer connected to my tv via hdmi , why would i want to include internet in the equation ? 
  yea but i wanted to use the remote with other apps . 
  i launched front row so many fucking times and not a single time did i want to . 
  while i understand why i would sometimes like to view remotely , i do n't understand how that adds anything to my main viewing experience which happens at home . 
  why would n't i just use plex purely as a streaming app to my phone and something else the 99 % of the time i happen to watch the show at home ? 
  i do n't understand how that web interface is supposed to do improve anything if i 'm not trying to view a file remotely . 
  every comment i get is making it out to be a game changer in home cinema while i do n't see what good it does , unless i 'm streaming to my phone . 
  you got extra money out of nowhere and you called to complain about it ? 
  this is reddit . 
  you must use / s / or whatever the fuck to specially mark when you use sarcasm . 
  we are a simple people . 
  just because he makes money off of them does n't mean he must want them to be a part of the community . 
  i bet idra would rather have the same amount of viewers on his stream coming to watch him play rather than because they heard he 's an asshole . 
  scraping meta data ? 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  how is it supposed to affect my viewing experience ? 
  these are genuine questions . 
  i just open up xbmc , pick either `` movies '' or `` tv shows '' folder which include all my movies and tv shows respectively in their own folders sorted by the date they were edited . 
  it 's three clicks from the start screen to playing a show . 
  how does metadata affect this ? 
  key word : dogs, 
  implying all travelers stay at a hotel . 
  implying all travelers have the spare money for a cab . 
  i 've never even used netflix and even i know about media hint . 
  how do these posts make it to the front page every week or so ? 
  that was hilarious, 
  oh ok that makes sense . 
  but you hit the nail on the head , i really have no use for cover art or spoilers about the content i 'm about to watch . 
  i might try it for the ability to stream onto mobile though . 
  if you enjoyed that wikipedia page you 'll love [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unethical_human_experimentation_in_the_united_states ) . 
  i use the standard apple remote , i do n't have an iphone . 
  these days a 720p bluray rip will download in less time than it takes me to make a sandwhich . 
  and i never have to check which movie or show is on netflix , i can pretty much download anything that has ever been broadcasted or sold . 
  no need to pay for another service without additional benefits . 
  under-par quality ? 
  what the fuck are you downloading ? 
  the 1080p bluray rips are almost as good as watching a bluray . 
  personally i prefer 720 because it takes like 2 minutes to download a movie and it still looks better than hdtv . 
  i 'm genuinely sad for people who live in countries with data caps . 
  that shit 's just inhumane . 
  where i live ( finland ) we have n't had data caps even in mobile connections for over 5 years . 
  i 've never even heard about the idea of having a data cap on a broadband connection until i read an article on reddit about uk connections . 
  most 720p rips these days are compressed to 3-5gigs . 
  should n't take too long even on a slower connection . 
  also a lot of groups offer a lesser quality 720p or 540p for something like 1,5 gb if you have a really slow connection . 
  10.6.8 on the computer i use xbmc on .
