  co2 cartriges are only good for extending the device , not retracting it . 
  spike strips need to be able to retract quickly . 
  27 and living with your mom ? 
  that 's kinda sad , even if you do have batman tissues . 
  dae cheese bacon cats, 
  in all seriousness though that 's way too much cheese . 
  borderline edible . 
  you 're probably paid to do a job , not to smile . 
  the amount of ` muricah in this thread is hilarious . 
  yeah i 'm pretty certain this is a joke . 
  either way no cringe involved . 
  in all seriousness it probably would n't be very potent compared to modern strains . 
  this reminds me of that post we see every week on / r/trees where the picture praises marley and the comments are 30 % `` he was a dick '' and 70 % `` omg i ca n't believe that 's true '' . 
  that 's still a retarded `` belief system '' no matter how politically correct you wan na get . 
  being wrong is being wrong , even if you call it a religion or ethics or whatever . 
  at least in europe i 've never seen a fire extinguisher that was n't dry powder . 
  they do n't have a colored stripe either , just all red . 
  i did n't even know they made water extinguishers , that sounds really ineffective . 
  a lot of porn actors take viagra and cocain . 
  viagra keeps them hard and cocaine stops them from cumming . 
  what a brave statement but i actually registered two years ago to be able to unsubscribe from r/atheism, 
  he was a complete asshole though . 
  only good thing he made was a couple of songs . 
  adult people are acting like kindergarteners `` if i ca n't have a map broken down by state nobody can ! '' . 
  grow the fuck up , i do n't see how having more detail in some part of the map would make other parts any worse . 
  i 'm european . 
  no i did n't . 
  all you need to do to come to that conclusion is see one documentary or read one article about him . 
  which is more than 95 % of people do and thus we have the `` hippies liked him and hippies were cool '' phenomenon going on where he 's regarded as the greatest guy in the world because he made a couple of catchy songs . 
  sorry but not for me . 
  i 've been smoking weed regularly since i was 16 and still never liked marley 's music . 
  maybe . 
  maybe it 's one of the hundreds of others things that can damage your brain . 
  maybe it was drinking alcohol on weekends ever since we were 13 years old like everyone else does in this part of the world . 
  actually i 'm a citizen of the european union so european is a correct term . 
  eh , in my wallet ? 
  and i 'm glad that scum is n't granted the same rights even though i 'm afraid eu is doing it 's best constantly to make our lives more miserable by improving theirs . 
  oh i 'm not nationalist . 
  i do n't see any difference between my country and the neighbouring countries for example . 
  i do see a difference between the cultures of wealthy western nations and poverty ridden former soviet shit holes which are nothing but trouble . 
  but that guy looks like 3/4 white and 1/4 black at most ? 
  it 's very real when you 're traveling . 
  i have n't had to take my passport with me since the last time i visited u.s. 
  my sister decided to go to school in the uk , she just signed up and bought a plane ticket . 
  now she 's got a job and rents an apartment just like anyone born in the uk would . 
  did n't have to get any sort of visas or permissions or shit , she just decide to stay there . 
  i 'd say that 's pretty real . 
  i did n't say eu was all united and was working magnificantly . 
  i said it existed and worked on some level . 
  which it does . 
  and your `` everyone 's equal and we should all hold hands '' attitude is real nice and probably got you a lot of friends in middle school but no one really wants romanians or bulgarians to have free access to travel . 
  i 've heard this before but i find it so weird . 
  i don ' know a single korhonen . 
  i 've seen the name around but never actually met one . 
  it tells a lot about you that you convey his guess that hardware might affect it as smugness . 
  like he should n't be allowed to mention what computer it has because it 's a mac . 
  besides windows and os x use different default gamma settings which might very well affect the colors . 
  get over it . 
  well the colors of norway and sweden are nowhere near each other and he said they are the same so ... that 's how color blindness works . 
  what exactly did they change ? 
  i do n't play zerg and liquipedia does n't seem to mention anything . 
  i saw 2 , one on natural one on third . 
  yeah me too . 
  no offense to op but this is a pretty standard `` looking out of a airplane window '' view anyone who 's traveled via air has seen a thousand times . 
  name ? 
  the busy part is for tournaments etc. 
  they do n't want possible achievements to pop up in the middle of an important game . 
  yeah and the way the back up goalie is `` hidden '' can make it confusing . 
  if you press x you 'll see all your goalies except for the backup . 
  you got ta press y. 
  oh ok so like in beta ? 
  for some reason liquipedia only mentions the removal of the projectile and not that if was added back . 
  i read somewhere the estimated fuel reserves of north korea would n't be enough to even mobilize more than 1/4 of their tanks . 
  i do n't have a source though so take it for what it 's worth . 
  i love and hate tropico . 
  i love it for being an awesome game and hate it for not starting up on my computer for some bizarre reason and the xbox360 version is ruined by the population cap :( (, 
  i 've read about kowloon before but i 've never seen a pic like this that shows the surroundings . 
  suddenly it makes a lot less sense . 
  why would you build a city that dense next to nothing ? 
  what kind of a clusterfuck unit is that ? 
  yeah and those countries do n't pay you shit either . 
  i think we get like 5 euros a day . 
  12 years is a long time in prison . 
  i sounds like you 're just too used to the american system where everyone gets decades . 
  where i live ( finland ) the sentence for murder is around 12 years . 
  never said you said they did . 
  probably life in prison if it 's deemed murder . 
  the way our `` life sentences '' is the punishment for murder is a life sentence but our life sentences are n't really life sentences like they are in the u.s for example . 
  after 12 years ( or 10 if you were under 21 when the incident took place ) the sentence is automatically reviewed by a court and examined if there 's a reason to keep the prisoner locked up . 
  i think the average lenght for a `` life '' sentence is around 13 years but if you did something horrible or did n't show any improvement while locked up you could be held for the rest of your life . 
  if it 's not murder then most likely less than 10 years . 
  you get a discount if you commit more crimes at once , that 's one thing our system has fucked up when compared to u.s. 
  no he does n't . 
  that 's not how probabilitys work . 
  they do n't care about intentions . 
  it 's still 33 % vs. 66 % if the host picks a `` wrong door '' whether it 's accidental or not . 
  yeah . 
  it 's because you 're essentially picking between one door or two doors . 
  the host will always remove an incorrect one so changing doors is like opening two doors . 
  when you pick a door the possibility of it being correct is 33 % .
