  in case you ca n't see it . 
  that used to be such an effective strategy . 
  too bad they patched it ( it 's actually really good since it looked retarded ) . 
  i think reason finland ranks so high is because the people are n't so much into mumbo jumbo feelings . 
  do i feel european ? 
  well in my geography textbook it says finland is in europe so why would n't i ? 
  well in every cod game ever if you shoot at your teammates more than a few times the mission is over so why did you expect anything different in that one mission and how does it make that one mission any more bullshit ? 
  was n't that in gta : sa ? 
  it was actually a really good game but thanks for your brave comment . 
  perfect jinx talking about rinne 's shutouts for like 2 minutes right before that goal . 
  beautiful goal by palmieri, 
  what the hell does 109 % mean ? 
  they sell more tickets than there are seats ? 
  is n't that illegal these days ? 
  move to europe . 
  no restrictions . 
   34 percent of draftees were born in the last six months of the year, 
  that 's interesting . 
  is that just the draft or people in general ? 
  are more people born in the first 6 months than the latter . 
  not any more weird than giving money to charity to help `` random people '' . 
  well it seems your wish came true . 
  that 's not how percentages work, 
  well gee thank you, 
  the passing in this game is ridiculously good . 
  that 's legal where i live, 
  well i mean even if op chose to screenshot the entire screen would n't cropping the pic be like 10 times quicker and easier drawing lines all over the place to block info ? 
  then again his/her facebook has ads so we can assume op is technologically retarded . 
  it 's 2013 . 
  why are we talking about runescape ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  like when you criticize an athlete and someone retorts `` i 'd like to see you do any better '' . 
  i know people always say this about any movie adaptation but that movie is utter shit compared to the book . 
  the book builds up for like 200 pages so the ending is actually interesting . 
  the movie just goes straight into the killing . 
  like if porn was only cumshots . 
  itt people who have n't read the book downvoting out of butt hurt, 
  so you 're only allowed to use endearing terms when referring to any female ? 
  remember this is in slow-mo . 
  a lot of things look exxagerated in slowmo . 
  who 's using words like slut or whore to refer to all women ? 
  let me quote myself :, 
   seems like you 're just looking for an excuse to be offended . 
  well no one except you said slut or whore either but if a woman did infact sell sex for money i do n't think calling her a whore would be sexist in any way . 
  she 's a whore . 
  that 's what being a whore means . 
   there is no sexualized male counterpart . 
  instead we get dudes [ like this ] ( http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110608105341/soulcalibur/images/e/ee/soulcalibur-v-20110607100306613.jpg ), 
  one could argue that character is very sexualized, 
  oh ok . where i live viasat has the exclusive rights so everything is open via nhl gamecenter ( which you can only purchase via viasat which is bullshit ), 
  or you can just add & t = 13, 
  at least for me that 's simpler, 
  i moved from a big city to a small town . 
  everyone was fucking everyone 's sisters . 
  it was really fucking weird . 
  glad i got out of there a year later . 
  where did you find that ladder report thing ? 
  i ca n't find it anywhere . 
  cool stuff but this being a custom map kinda kills the potential, 
  why ? 
  i agree the multiplayer was n't the best in the series but the campaign was really good and most of all it introduced the spec ops co-op missions which were a ton of fun in split-screen . 
  yeah i dont watch nasl or community shows . 
  just premier tournaments and mlg . 
  it was n't supposed to be funny . 
  the thing that made the book for me was how it progressed slowly . 
  the first 3rd or so of the book there was nothing out of the ordinary . 
  he 'd go out to a club , maybe meet a woman , the chapter would end with them coming back to his place and the next one would start from the morning after . 
  overall he seemed like a pretty ok guy , albeit narcissistic . 
  in the middle 3rd things would start to get kinda weird with prostitutes etc. 
  but still not that bad . 
  only in the latter half of the book did the killing start . 
  and suddenly you realized that it had been going on the entire time even when you were relating to the guy , the author just never told how the nights ended . 
  it really provided a kind of mindfuck the movie completely missed out on . 
  does n't matter . 
  it 's still a bitch thing to do volunteering somebody else to come to work . 
  so you answer `` next time talk to me not my mom '' . 
  two problems solved at once . 
  canada counts as america when it comes to medication . 
  except ted 's a whiny little bitch and the main reason i stopped watching the show . 
  barney was no longer able to counteract him . 
  marshall is whipped . 
  besides renaming it makes seeding more difficult, 
  honestly that looked more complicated than torrenting . 
  especially if you use an rss feed . 
  it 's a hole in the ass, 
  good point . 
  i do n't really care about episode names though . 
  s03e08 is fine for me . 
  i like how the original video has the tags `` hispanics , mexicans '', 
  lol a $ 13 cab fare . 
  in finland that 's what you pay to get in a cab . 
  have you never played any ww2 games ? 
  i think it 's featured in every single one . 
  because that 's what ac4 is apparently going to be . 
  something something pirates . 
  cmd + n, 
  seriously the year is 2013 and people do n't know the most important keyboard shortcuts to their own os ? 
  or alt-tabbing to finder . 
  besides i do n't see how clicking on finder that 's in the dock and always visible is harder than going to the desktop which is n't always visible and doubleclicking on the hdd . 
  if you really want a smooth computer experience set up spaces like i have with finder in a separate ( i use 3 ) screen .
