  i do n't think `` the police officers actions were excessive and unjustifiable but the other side of the story does n't sound 100 % accurate either '' is leaning to the side of the cops . 
  oh come on, 
  my previous local pizza place had saved my phone number so i could call and say `` one pizza , when can i pick it up ? '', 
  and they 'd simply answer `` 10 minutes '' or `` 15 minutes '' and get the toppings right without me telling . 
  i also paid 5 $ for pizza and 33cl pepsi when the menu said 8.50 $ for pizza alone . 
  i loved that place . 
  yeah well i admit it is a generalization , but i 'm quite confident a vast majority of the viewers prefer the commentary to donation comments . 
  especially those of us who watch this stream 24/7 whenever it 's on . 
  centiliter . 
  a can of soda . 
   also , 24/7 viewer here too , although i 'm not sure why that even matters . 
  well the games change and the runners change constantly but the donation messages really do n't ever change . 
  no disrespect to anyone but i 'm well aware cancer is terrible just like most of the other viewers probably are . 
  that 's why i donated myself . 
  just to be clear i think the current ratio of donation messages to commentary is just fine . 
  i do n't think they should be entirely gone . 
  this post was a compliment and not a complaint . 
  it 's definitely an improvement from the last event . 
  it does n't bother me anymore either . 
  if you look at the vods from a year ago or even last summer the audio would occasionally be donations 75 % of the time . 
  that did bother me . 
  they 're setting up for a new game , why do you think i 'm on reddit ? 
  yeah it 's pretty common at least in finland . 
  most bottles/cans measured in ml end in a zero anyway so it 's just simpler to use cl . 
  the most common use though is related to alcohol servings . 
  here 4cl is the regulated size of a shot and wine glasses in restaurants have specific sizes in cl 's as well . 
  the metric system is pretty straight forward and you do n't really have to `` convert '' between millilitres or centilitres for example so people are n't that careful which one they use . 
  yeah you can tell when a can is imported from the u.s. because it 's 355ml instead of 330 . 
  i 've never noticed a difference even in the outer size of the can though so i guess our cans simply are n't filled as full . 
  or they 're more curved from the bottom . 
  who knows . 
  damn . 
  even our big soda bottles are 1.5 l instead of 2l . 
  you ca n't imagine how hard we have it out here . 
  i could 've . 
  but i did n't . 
  suck it . 
  if i wanted something different i 'd probably go somewhere else . 
  i admit these days i vary my pizza orders more too but that was simply the best pizza they had . 
  i would occasionally order something different but if i just said `` pizza '' they 'd know what i mean . 
  in reality it usually went something like `` hi when could i pick up a pizza ? '', 
  `` a mexico ? 
  10 minutes '' `` ok thanks '' . 
  in case anyone is interested a `` mexico '' is pepperoni , jalapenos , pineapple and onion with spicy sauce . 
  true . 
  the difference is probably unnoticeable to the naked eye . 
  btw . 
  while we 're on the subject of the metric system people generally use millimetres instead of `` fraction of a cm '' :p, 
  in finland 5 $ is the universal price for beer . 
  except these days a lot of places have switched to 6 $ . 
  and sports events are like 8-10 $ lol, 
  i 've been depressed for a long time and i can see colours just fine . 
  then how could anyone tell depressed people see less colors if they get used to it ? 
  they could n't . 
  surprise surprise the `` article '' aka blog post is bullshit . 
  my grampa fought three years in wwii ( 1941-1944 ) and he 's just fine . 
  a little old but his mind still works great and he does n't need help to walk around or anything . 
  my youngest sister is still underage . 
  my grampa killed russians in wwii . 
  russians are the best people to kill . 
  while in all likelihood op 's story is bullshit your `` proof '' is just as bullshit . 
  my grandpa fought in wwii and my youngest sister is still underage . 
  i do n't think it 's completely unimaginable there could be a family with one or two more kids . 
  my mom was 36 when she had my sister , a lot of women get pregnant later than that . 
  yeah tell that to people living next to russia, 
  yeah finnish . 
  actually a jew as well . 
  wwii was crazy times in finland . 
  the only thing i dislike is how in almost every video she has ten times the amount of make up necessary and therefore just looks weird . 
  i do n't know if you can see this in pornhub level streams but the download videos make it really obvious . 
  pro tip : do n't go in the dark . 
  dark souls was probably the best game of last generation . 
  definitely the best rpg of last generation . 
  this is not just my personal opinion . 
  [ not a single review under 9/10 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dark_souls#reception ) . 
  best games of 2013 were all indie games . 
  aaa just refers to budget size these days . 
  typically i just roam around till i find a beefalo herd and build a huge farm near that . 
  enough vegetables to get through winter easily . 
  and with crock pot you can use monster meat to create `` clean '' meatballs . 
  picking flowers takes a lot of time . 
  i just sleep every 4 nights or so , whenever i need it . 
  sleeping wastes a lot of food though so it 's best to have a working farm or something similiar established before you start sleeping regularly . 
  fight him , light trees around him in fire with a torch , lure him into other mobs so they fight each other or simply pacify him by planting enough new trees . 
  you do n't need a tent to sleep . 
  a straw roll only requires grass and rope . 
  though a tent is more efficient method so it 's preferable once you 're able to get one . 
  spiders should be pretty easy to find if you just explore regularly . 
  traps are very useful against spiders as well . 
  yeah and remember that when you have two stacks of food items and combine them the `` rotten '' meter resets to the average of the two for all items . 
  so if you have 10 berries almost about to go bad and combine them with 10 fresh berries you suddeny have 20 semi-fresh berries but everything green counts as fresh and does n't give you a penalty so you can actually `` save '' food that 's about to go bad . 
  explore the map thoroughly before setting up a base . 
  two most popular methods of exploring are following roads or following the coastline . 
  i usually spend the first week or so just running around . 
  you can easily survive a dozen days with just carrots and berries you pick up on the way . 
  i personally like to look for a big beefalo herd and set up a farm near it since manure is an important resource and beefalos usually spawn on savannas which also have grass that 's an important resource as well . 
  lumber and rocks are easier to transport when needed . 
  do n't forget you can do stuff at night as well , while exploring set up your campfire so that you can chop wood or mine rocks at night . 
  cooking food at nights is also smart since you have to be at the campfire anyway . 
  this way you have more time to move around during precious daylight hours .
