  this kind of posts are the only ones i downvote on r/trees, 
   better than downvoting, 
  theres nothing wrong with downvoting . 
  weed makes you relaxed i get it but upvoting everything renders the entire process of voting useless . 
  but you can save others from wasting their time as well by downvoting submissions not worth the effort/time, 
  i am :(, 
  kinda disappointed, 
  i understand there are people who do n't play tf2 but have you not been to the internet in the last ~ 5 years ? 
  everyone knows the spy, 
  well this discussion is on r/gaming . 
  do girls often compliment your font size ? 
  i do n't think he was bashing islam because christianity is so much better . 
  all religions are retarded . 
  finnish `` baseball '' is a pussy sport that 's even more boring than real baseball, 
  i did n't find out until i came to america that this is n't a worldwide thing, 
  well because the people who decide about things like `` national games '' are 80 something year old in * suojaty\u00f6paikka * . 
  luckily people do n't really consider it to be a national game . 
  few people even like it . 
  `` threatened to kill him '', 
  taking internet death threats seriously . 
  lol . 
  i should murder you . 
  you obviously have n't spent any time on 4chan . 
  it usually takes about 1-5 minutes to figure out someones name . 
  with the information he gave it 's easy as fuck . 
  scaring some douche ( not douche because of 1 % , douche because of his comments in that thread ) by sherlocking his name and address is fun . 
  it does n't mean anyone will kill you . 
  it 's not like the internet really cares . 
  gecko rule thirt . . !? 
  me too . 
  cigarettes as well . 
  feels natural man . 
  i did n't cough either . 
  and people who say you should cough are themselves doing it wrong . 
  the likelihood of someone coming over to your house and murder you because of an internet post is about the same as a driver going berserk and ramming you off the road solely because of your paint color . 
  i 'm not saying it never happens , but its ridiculous to be scared of . 
  i 'm a soulless bastard no matter if i 'm high or not . 
  and this picture is funny . 
  u mad ? 
  i 've gone `` through the effort '' multiple times . 
  it 's not really as much effort as you might think . 
  one or two minutes most of the time . 
  worth the lulz . 
  does n't mean a serious stalker is after him . 
  well i 'm not gon na stop him . 
  i 'm just lolling over the internet . 
  i 'm just glad someone else did the work for me . 
   so my question really is , `` what 's the reason for your frustration ? '', 
  he ca n't aim for shit . 
  i love those bridges just because it 's so easy to pick tons of people off trying to camp there . 
  i rarely go up there myself . 
  in finnish baseball if you hit the ball out of the park you do n't get a home run , it 's a foul . 
  true story . 
  oh look another newbie, 
  what ? 
  i cough maybe one out of a hundred hits i take . 
  i and all the people i smoke with consider coughing to be a sign of taking a hit you ca n't handle . 
  it 's greed and frowned upon . 
  of course if you 're a beginner its understood but it 's not something anyone would aim to do . 
  i find it fascinating that so many people on r/trees actually want to cough . 
  what 's the reasoning behind that ? 
  i 've only heard this before in a movie ( i think it was pineapple express ) but i though it was a joke . 
  yes i admit if you take a huge hit and cough you get an uncomfortable `` fucked up '' feeling for about a minute i would n't consider that `` getting higher '' . 
  i think it has more to do with the oxygen or lack of it . 
  if something i feel like i 'm wasting weed for not holding it in . 
  and it 's extremely uncomfortable to cough your lung out . 
   rape is n't sexually motivated . 
  it 's motivated by violence and control . 
  yes because every rape is exactly the same and every rapist thinks the same way because it 's not like they 're just people, 
  oh and this redditor ** knows ** how every rapist thinks . 
  for a fact . 
  rape has been proven to go down in countries and areas where prostitution is legal . 
  also a lot of rapists ca n't afford professional services . 
  oh you 're taking a sociology class . 
  so now you know everything about everything am i right ? 
  what makes you think i had never smoked cigs before i tried weed ? 
  of course i had . 
  my ears are just fine if i do n't use them . 
  if no one else buys them i 'll go for years without using them . 
  but if they are in the bathroom hell yeah i 'll stick them in as far as they go, 
  no source could prove what you stated above . 
  there is simply no way you can say the rape could n't have been sexual . 
  even i have the power to rape just like any other man . 
  i could rape a woman because i wanted to get laid , it would n't have to have anything to do with power . 
  not every rape is the same as the examples in your textbook . 
  yes many rapes may not be sexually inspired but what you 're saying is that a rape could n't be sexual . 
  which is ludicrous . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:u.s._incarceration_rate_by_race_2.gif ) . 
  i guess i 'm a racist now, 
  the government tells you it 's wrong , so you ca n't protest like that !, 
  i think you 're preaching to the choir posting this to r/battlefield, 
  this comic would be funny if every tv station did n't air crap all the time, 
  that 's what i thought, 
  not sure if too much sharpness, 
  or unbelievable bud, 
  i 've seen about 30-40 bongs in my life . 
  2 without carbs . 
  i dont know how it is in the u.s, 
  it 's fun because we 've all been there, 
  probably terrorist,
