  there 's an easy solution : if you do n't want to get banned , do n't mess with cheats . 
  but none of those has anything to do with what i was talking about . 
  i 'm not talking about the overall winrates of tvp , i 'm talking about having 2 photon overcharges available in early game . 
  you do n't have ghosts by the time these pushes hit , the time warp cost does n't affect anything because a full energy msc gets 1 time warp and 1 photon overcharge either way . 
  blink is n't available by this time either , msc vision does n't really matter in defensive positions and does n't affect cast radius . 
  while the widow mine splash buff is nice it does n't help if you ca n't burrow them in time . 
  and widow mines ca n't hit nexuses . 
  if a unit/spell is broken and causes boring gameplay , it should n't be fixed by buffing some other units of another race even if that did make the winrates look better . 
  i do n't even think blink should be nerfed since it requires a lot of micro to pull off succesfully . 
  double photon overcharge does n't require any skill . 
  a lot of times those `` strange maps '' become standard maps you see in tournaments/ladder later on . 
  kespa has always had a tradition of trying out newer maps even if the majority of them do fail to reach great success . 
  if it was n't for kespa making pro players try out new maps we would n't have half the maps that are now considered classics in the sc2 scene . 
  i use bittorrent every day . 
  i think i have about 8 terabytes of download and 12 terabytes of upload in my utorrent statistics right now . 
  using it to `` download linux distros '' is just an old joke when the it department or whatever questions the use of bandwidth . 
  i have actually used it to download linux distros myself , just not 8 terabytes of linux distros . 
  milk , orange juice , beer , wine , hot chocolate whatever . 
  i have plenty of glasses i use for these other purposes and place them in the dishwasher when done , but i was referring to how i have selected one particular glass ( the best one ) for water and one for soda that always stay out . 
  i do n't put them away when i go to bed , they just stay here on the desk or couch and i refill them the following morning . 
  so i never `` take a glass '' for soda or water . 
  probably depends on your nationaliy too . 
  most canadians/americans do n't really show up for wc after juniors where as a lot of europeans do . 
  so they 're used to playing with their countrymen even if they 're in different teams in the nhl . 
  also since getting to the nhl is a bit harder for non-americans ( america as the continent ) there 's really not that many player `` rivalries '' among countrymen . 
  at least the finns and the swedes in the nhl are pretty friendly with each other/a close-knit community and even train with each other during off-season regardless of their nhl teams . 
  it was a little easy , but doughty has a great wrister and it was top shelf on the blocker side . 
  that 's the weakness of any butterfly goalie . 
  gordon ramsay 's scrambled eggs recipe, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkwsolr4woe ), 
  i 'm not at all surprised if they do . 
  and when that happens i 'm gon na say i called it . 
  he could 've had a lot more than 1 or 2 stalkers but msc allowed him to be greedy as fuck with tech . 
  lol hockey predictions serious business, 
   do people just have creme fraiche on hand, 
  yes . 
  90 % of the time i have some in my fridge . 
  if you have a vegetable box in your fridge chives can last like a month . 
  they do n't cost much either so it 's not a huge investment to have them on hand when needed . 
  no shit . 
  nobody was saying otherwise . 
  even if she was sexually abused as a kid ? 
  probably sour cream . 
  is n't creme fraiche just a type of sour cream any way ? 
  i 've used smetana when i did n't have creme fraiche and coud n't tell the difference . 
  where i live ( in europe ) every store big or small or just a gas station with a tiny kiosk has creme fraiche . 
  but creme fraiche is just a type of sour cream . 
  you can probably find sour cream , right ? 
  i recommend you try adding some sour cream . 
  the difference is pretty noticeable , just by tasting it while it 's cooking . 
  maybe this is a cultural difference but i do n't get the `` the kind of guy who has creme fraich lying around '' talk all over this thread . 
  it 's like 1.50 $ and one can is often enough for 2-4 dishes . 
  having creme fraiche on hand is about as fancy as having butter or cream . 
  that 's how i grew up eating scrambled eggs too and how i made them for many years . 
  unlike some people in this thread who say they `` ca n't go back '' for me these are almost like two different dishes . 
  sometimes i like a more firm scrambled eggs that 's been whisked before the pan , sometimes i like this . 
  kinda like frying an egg vs. making an omelette . 
  i always use 3-4 eggs when i make scrambled eggs ( for one ) regardless of the recipe . 
  how many do you use ? 
  i do n't think you can blame this game on radulov . 
  he actually looked like he wanted to win . 
  winning battles , fighting for the puck etc. 
  much more than the other superstars . 
  russia has had this same team for the last 4 years , even in the world championships . 
  every time it looks the same , yet nothing changes . 
  i think something like 14 or 15 of this team 's players were in last years wc and they lost in quarterfinals . 
  if this style of play does n't work against wc rosters i ca n't understand why they thought it 'd work in the olympics . 
  either somebody is putin 's cousin or they 're selling a shitload of merchandise because winning hockey games is definitely not what the current superstar worshiping system is good for . 
  speed is really the only thing where finland ( on individual player basis ) is n't weaker or even has the edge compared to other nations in the tournament . 
  and the bigger rink really let 's them take advantage of that . 
  but yes the major strenght of team finland has always been defending with all 5 players and goaltending . 
  kinda late i know but i was sure someone else had already posted it . 
  ca n't see it anywhere so for anyone who missed the game here it is . 
  thanks bot, 
   granlund was already close to full speed, 
  more like granlund was already headed in that direction . 
  he was kinda gliding at the start of the gif . 
  still definitely an advantage though . 
  i do n't know how trustworthy yelp really is but they seem to like it, 
  i 'd guess he has a guy hired to do that but yeah, 
  sweden was n't a minor empire at it 's prime, 
   this method of making scrambled eggs produces seemingly a lesser amount of eggs, 
  yea there 's about 3 eggs on those 2 pieces of bread, 
  gif is 6mb imgur limit is 2mb, 
  min.us is the only other alternative i know and it 's shit, 
  there 's a mobile friendly version in the comments if you 'd prefer that, 
  you can select all your bio and shift-move command them to all the medivacs . 
  this way they fill up one then the next etc. 
  do n't give orders to the medivacs but the bio and the medivads stay put until it 's their turn to pick up units . 
  if i plan on a drop i like to control group the medivacs as soon as they pop from the starport . 
  on the field i improvise but prefer to set up the new control groups before loading up unless in a real hurry . 
  left over units is just a matter of one box and `` stop '' . 
  there 's rarely that many extra units ( i like to estimate and separate a portion before loading up if i 'm only dropping with a small force ) . 
  it 's the expediting that costs money . 
  when i moved back from us to finland i shipped 4 or 5 boxes ( much larger than a laptop , around 15-20kg each ) and it cost me around $ 100 ** total ** . 
  but it also took around 3 weeks for them to arrive . 
  it takes 10 seconds to find a full pack with all her videos . 
  you do n't even have to bother with tube sites and their cryptic titles . 
  go to any proper porn tracker and type in her name and the full siterip is the first result . 
  empornium for example,
