  i remember going to florence a few months after the release of assasins creed 2 and being dumbfounded by the fact that all the buildings really did have those [ metal rings ] ( http://l7.alamy.com/zooms/146bf3dc35134f0bb4d58a9b7fd8e212/iron-ring-florence-italy-europe-ajretx.jpg ) and small protrusions and constant little differences in height and width that were the reason you could do all the crazy parkour and climbing in the game . 
  obviously the game is set in the 1400s so the only buildings copied 1:1 were historical landmarks ( which were accurate ) but i had just assumed they had `` videogametized '' the city to fit the game design and allow for the gameplay when it actually really was like that . 
  no they really are n't, 
  he also looks like a sex offender, 
   in the last couple of months , the contemporary download culture shows heavy signs of defeat in the battle for the internet . 
  last month we saw demonii disappear . 
  it was the biggest torrent tracker on the internet , responsible for over 50 million trackers a year . 
  additionally , the mpaa took down yify and popcorn time . 
  literally only pleb tier shit . 
  oh no how will we live without yify and demonii ? 
  because american capitalism is the unquestionable way the entire world has and will always work . 
  well , it 's true regardless of how you try to force a moral issue out of it . 
  i do n't give a shit what you like to call `` stealing '' , if you 're limiting what i get for free you 're making my experience of browsing the internet worse . 
  again . 
  i do n't care how you feel about all that . 
  i 'm just saying the service is objectively worse if i ca n't use it to get stuff for free like i have previously . 
  does n't make a difference what you call it or where anyone `` belongs '' in your mind . 
   you 're justifying piracy because of things like drm ( which i understand ), 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm saying myself and many other people who use torrent sites regularly do n't bother trying to justify it . 
  we want something , it 's easy to get , it 's free . 
  good enough . 
  whether or not some guy on reddit thinks it 's stealing does n't factor into the decision of downloading it . 
  my point is if that were to become impossible what i would get out of my internet connection would be less . 
  the service i pay my isp for would objectively be worse . 
  the moral aspect of downloading something is completely irrelevant . 
  if you say so , but that 's does n't make a difference does it ? 
  i already have the option not to download something illegally if i have a problem with it . 
  you 're stuck trying to gain this moral high ground for yourself when all me and the article is talking about is how the internet would be worse if some of the possibilities offered by it were to disappear . 
  well i 'm not trying to gain a moral high ground or force my beliefs on you like you 're clearly trying to do to others . 
  i do n't take a stance on whether downloading content for free is right or wrong . 
  i really , really , do n't care or think it 's relevant to the discussion . 
  all i 'm saying is i pay a certain amount each month for my internet connection . 
  if the ability to download torrents , legal or not , were to disappear then what i get in return for said payment would be less . 
  my internet connection as a service would become objectively worse no matter how you feel about it . 
  if you knew anything about finnish history of throwing games in both traditional sports as well as esports there would be nothing to get baffled about . 
  because it was a fairly average thing to do in the world of just cause, 
  yeah it 's not like it was a ridiculously quick release and an accurate shot . 
  why do you need it to be popular ? 
  you obviously have an internet connection . 
  that 's all you need to watch nhl . 
  in the nhl the rule says `` the puck must be kept in motion towards the opponent 's goal line '' but the way they interpret the rule usually allows for some leeway with stickhandling movements where the puck actually does go backwards a bit as long as the overall momentum of the player keeps going forward . 
  it 's more about not stopping the puck than anything else . 
  they actually do allow some slight backwards movement of the puck in the nhl as long as the player keeps moving forward . 
  it 's not really specified in the rules but has become the de facto interpretation over the years . 
  yeah the only thing lacking were the haystacks, 
  how that we have broken the big 100 can we stop posting and upvoting every million dollars ? 
  like i 'm glad they got their funding but it 's a little offputting when over half the time this sub shows up on my front page it 's about the crowdfunding ( which , let 's be honest , has long ago reached the point of being able to create a great aaa game ) compared to actual game content . 
   i legitimately feel ashamed to be working a minimum wage job now , and truly feel like i 'm on the lowest rung of the ladder in society . 
  well , you should . 
  also why did you play along for so long if you did n't want to do it ? 
  just say no and that 's it . 
  i do n't understand why you even stepped in their house , does n't sound like they physically forced you to . 
  you can only blame yourself for not having the balls to decline . 
  are you implying those working a minimum wage job * are n't * `` on the lowest rung of the ladder in society '' ? 
  i see you visit / pol /, 
  sounds pretty much like modern `` feminism '', 
  i 'm glad you realize that . 
   fuck , how do you ladies put up with this ? 
  yeah must be terrible getting offers for sex wherever you turn . 
  oh the humanity . 
  well yeah but it 's not like you have to accept . 
  well it 's not like i brought it up . 
  i get the whole `` if you do n't have anything nice to say do n't say anything at all '' but if you are going to say something might as well speak the truth . 
  are you triggered ? 
  maybe turn off the internet and return to your safe place . 
  the worst part is if you bought the game digitally for ps3 you still have to buy the same games again for the full price even if you 're using the same account you did with ps3 . 
  a lot work , a lot do n't . 
  at least with ps4 you have a guarantee that the game will work . 
  now i 'm never paying 15 $ for an emulated ps2 game myself , i 'm just saying there is more quality control . 
  no i 'm pretty sure all you have to do is beeeeeee yourself . 
  if a girl i was n't interested in propositioned to have sex with me my reaction would pretty much be `` thanks for the compliment , but no thanks '' . 
  if anything it would be a boost to my self-esteem , not something that 'd ruin my day . 
  oh so pedophilia is the worst thing in the world ? 
  a pedophile who never acts on his urges is a worse human being than , say , someone who orchestrates racial genocide ? 
  being aroused by thoughts of children is worse than physical torture and murder ? 
  stop trying to act smart kiddo . 
   true , but you also have no guarantees your favorite game of choice will ever get the chance to be included . 
  of course , but it 's not a package deal of `` everything on ps4 or everything on pc '' . 
  the whole `` pc vs ps4 '' debate obviously only includes the games that you are able to play on each system . 
  if it 's not available for ps4 then what decision is there to make ? 
   they 're probably going to make up another resolution to make it less apparent that they ca n't display 4k . 
  nah they 're most likely to just stick with 1080p for the next generation too since that 's what 's been the industry standard for over a decade now and most likely will stay that way for another despite 4k monitors and tv 's getting cheaper . 
  and they should . 
  1080p to 4k is `` nice '' but it 's really not worth the investment . 
  focus on getting the game running well rather than upping the resolution endlessly . 
  48fps film or those tv 's that take 24fps and `` convert '' it to a higher frame rate really do maek a movie look cheap . 
  that 's what it means more than anything . 
  i think 60fps is necessary for gaming and more is better but even i agree 24fps is good for movies . 
  of course it 's just a matter of being used to something but movies do n't really gain an innate advantage from having smoother movement and higher refresh rates unlike video games where fast reflexes are usually a big factor . 
  if 24fps looks `` nicer '' it a movie then that 's what you should use regardless if it is n't cutting edge technology . 
  i just use [ darktube ] ( https://userstyles.org/styles/117673/darktube ), 
  but they are n't remastered . 
  they 're just emulated ps2 games rendered at a higher resolution . 
  they do n't redo the textures or anything like that which would make them `` remastered '' . 
  i do n't understand how you do n't understand how it 's emulation . 
  ps2 games were a deal breaker for ps4 ? 
  you do know the whole thing was announced like a week ago , right ? 
  and that it in no way affects `` the exclusives '' you said you were going to buy it for . 
  you can buy a ps4 and ps4 exclusive games without buying the ps2 games again .
