  it 's almost like the people who managed to execute it were paid professionals . 
   i said that was real while pointing out strikes , which i said was fake unless its japanese pro wrestling, 
  yeah you said that . 
  then you went on to say that `` in ring action '' is real . 
  that seems a bit like contradicting yourself . 
  `` the ring action is real , it 's just that action that happens in the ring is n't '' . 
  though you did also emotionally defend pro wrestling not being `` fake '' and then you go on to say things like, 
   its a fake show, 
  so i think you might be a bit confused yourself . 
  basics of business and marketing are conspiracy theories ? 
  of course it 's smarter to keep releasing new content over time if you have a set time frame ( ~ 2 months ) you 're trying to sell a product . 
  if they released everything right away the hype would die in a week . 
  i did n't think anyone actually believed that they were `` putting finishing touches '' on the immortal 2 items . 
  they obviously could 've had them finished the day after ti4 and they still would 've spaced out the reveal . 
  more like, 
  valve 's economists : `` delays make money . '', 
  valve : `` how ? '', 
  valve 's economists : `` free publicity . '', 
  valve : `` oh that makes sense . '', 
  yes you can . 
  that 's some lazy people bullshit . 
  yeah but is there anyone who watches poker who does n't know that ? 
  it 's like saying `` fun fact : the ace is the highest value card '' or if in another sport the commentator said `` fun fact : the team with most points wins the match '' . 
  regardless this sentence of life in prison does n't include a charge for attempted murder or any other kind of murder . 
  oh look this guy is still getting butt blasted even though i decided enough was enough, 
  he 's correct in that changing your diet is often more effective than simply exercising without changing your diet but `` you ca n't out-exercise a bad diet '' is still total bullshit . 
  you have no idea how the justice system works , do you ? 
   i 'll be a gentleman, 
  i bet you 're the type of guy who has to keep telling this to himself because no one else ever says it about them . 
  you know reddit sends you a message whenever your username is mentioned , right ? 
   what 's your point ? 
  oh look this guy is still getting butt blasted even though i decided enough was enough, 
  they never were . 
  it 's like how all the finnish porn uploaded to xvideos etc. 
  gets categorized as `` amateur '' even though it features one of the two professional porn actors in the country . 
  because it 's not an american house so it 's not built of plywood and thin boards . 
  you can see in the outside shots the wood is just paneling to make it look nicer and the actual house is built of bricks . 
  that 's how houses are typically built in countries with harsher climates . 
  it 's not a strawman , it 's an insult . 
  as for addressing his argument i did n't actually read the post . 
  this guy had already said in his earlier post, 
   this man , in pursuing his drug business, 
   he deserves no pity . 
  meanwhile `` this man '' has provided me with a service that has saved me time and money while the poster has done nothing to improve my life . 
  who is he to say who deservers pity and who does n't ? 
  well some people find bean bags comfortable as well so i think it 's just a difference in opinion . 
  i personally find the lack of support in water beds extremely uncomfortable . 
  i 'd rather sleep on a wood floor than in a waterbed . 
  oh look this guy is still getting butt blasted, 
  but i bet your vocabulary on your third language is not even on the level of a grade school pupil because you 're a dumb redneck who enjoys pro wrestling :\\ ^ ) or am i wrong ? 
  while i agree that the optimal pizza dough should be made 24 hours in advance the type that requires no rising or just 30 minutes or so is n't any more difficult . 
  it takes 10 minutes at most to do even with no cooking skills . 
  no clue , i 've only slept in water beds owned by other people and the last time was probably late 90s . 
  but i was young and flexible back then so if even a teenager me who could sleep outside on the grass without feeling stiff after waking up would feel uncomfortable in a water bed i doubt the older me would enjoy the sensation either . 
  i do n't think the `` error '' or `` bias '' means that you ca n't be right or that your first instinct could n't even be more likely . 
  it just means that you 're likely to believe it even in cases where it is n't true . 
  yet with all that going for you you still ended up following pro wrestling . 
  how sad . 
  i have n't seen once since the 90s . 
  i actually checked this a few years ago and you 'd have to pay 40 $ for one because the demand is so low . 
  it 's motherfucking david hasselhoff, 
  you forgot the quotation marks around vegan `` milk '', 
  they sure are in the midwest, 
  the cm arcana particle effects look a lot better than most ti5 items, 
   when a hero is literally 2 colours , adding a minor third one is nothing . 
  like adding a red highlight to a compleyely purple and grey character ? 
  yeah i have n't bought it even though i like to play lina and it 's cheap nowadays and i love virtual dress up because it simply does n't look as good as some other workshop items . 
  it 's far from arcanas like cm where the item takes the whole hero to a new level . 
  you ca n't get two bonus drops from one box, 
   actually , i 've never gotten a rare drop from any chest ever ... 
  guess i just have poor luck, 
  only later a friend of mine with thousands of games and a stacked inventory told me he has n't actually gotten that many extra drops total himself . 
  i 'd rather have an fps lock and a silent pc than 400 fps and fans running on 100 % though, 
  he was probably thinking of g-sync, 
  how about `` i 've been waiting in lobby for 20 minutes and then watching the picking phase for 15 minutes so maybe i 'll go pee real quick before a potentially hour long game ? 
  yeah i do n't understand having `` acceptable reasons '' when there 's already a time limit enforced and nobody can disprove `` lag '' . 
  the only thing this rule prevents is telling the truth , it wo n't affect the amount of pausing . 
  just 10 minutes ago i was thinking to myself `` i really do n't like this x3m4eg guy '' and then i see this thread . 
  that 's a pretty big statement for me too because never in the history of esports and tournaments has there been an admin whose name i even remember so it 's not like i have a habit of hating on admins . 
  the way reddit works 1 year 11 months and 30 days is `` 1 year ago '', 
  kinda pointless praising this admin figure then if he does n't even have the authority to make his own call in regards to something as simple as a glass of water, 
  the one guy enforcing the rules should n't be a bitch then . 
  if we want change the most effective way would be for the admin to step up , make a call and stand by the precedent set by it . 
  i do n't understand how `` this fun police follows valve 's secret rules down to the comma '' is being a good admin . 
   english stream skipped a couple of matches in favor of `` fluff '' content . 
  yesterday or the day before that i had to watch an entire series with the russian cast because the english stream just showed the ti5 logo and music for over an hour . 
  and i do n't speak russian . 
  he should just hire someone to whisper `` shut up '' in his ear every time he 's been speaking for over 20 seconds, 
   are you sure ? 
  no but it 's easier to make a claim and see if somebody corrects it than it is to try and google the question, 
  tfw even a gooby furfag has a qt gf, 
  even $ 800 would sound overpriced imo, 
  my house certainly has concrete brick for most interior walls . 
  only the kitchen wall is not brick . 
  probably not but it 's gon na get more than it used to . 
  i was with the nosleeptv `` raid '' ~ 2 years ago on kittyplaysgames and she had something like 15-20 viewers when the raid started . 
  i kept watching it in a tab on the background and she finished the day with like 400 viewers . 
  now she has over a thousand viewers whenever she plays csgo ( the game nosleeptv was playing when his chat raided ) despite being total garbage . 
   do you like hyper gamer girls because you have entered the right place !, 
  yeah but you have to check beforehand .
