  if your league operates in countries with a population of 350 million people there is . 
  a business model that works in america does n't necessarily work in switzerland with a population of 7 million . 
  it 's not really a choice . 
  i doubt the swiss league could make enough money from home depot powerplays to make up for ads on the jerseys . 
  do n't forget it 's a country with a smaller population than most states with hockey teams . 
  that 's one of the worst i 've seen though . 
  i have [ this jersey ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a4/ville_peltonen_2.jpg/681px-ville_peltonen_2.jpg ) and while i agree it 'd look better without the ads it 's not really a deal breaker . 
  i 'll still wear it gladly . 
  so their biggest stadium has 6300 people . 
  ok , maybe they would n't have gone totally bankrupt but do you think they could 've sustained the level of play ( money equals better players ) had they not allowed the ads ? 
  it 's not like someone thought the ads look better than no ads , it 's not an aesthetic decision . 
  yeah it 's a kind of infinite vs. infinite thing . 
  the space is so big it 'd be unlikely earth is the only planet able to sustain life , but then again the space has and will exist for so long it 's unlikely it 'd happen in the same short time period we have . 
  tradition ? 
  stereotypical humour is not the same as racism, 
  i was n't surprised the hivemind would upvote someone with too much white guilt to take a joke . 
  not surprised , but still disappointed . 
  stereotypical humour is not the same as racism, 
  stereotypical humour is not racism . 
  black people like fried chicken is a stereotype . 
  black people are stupid because their skin colour indicates inferior genes is racism . 
  and if you 're a nigger you 're a nigger no matter what race . 
  that 's actually not the standard helmet . 
  in many european leagues the leading scorer of each team wears a golden helmet . 
  i bet you can buy them online though . 
  it 's funny that even though we 're neighbours finland is the opposite . 
  when we go abroad we always have trouble understanding what other people are insinuating because we 're so used to people being direct and saying what they think . 
  even in sweden . 
  no , it really is n't . 
  attitude like yours is extremely insensitive towards people who actually suffer from racism . 
  no , it really is n't . 
  and attitude like yours is extremely insensitive towards people who actually suffer from racism . 
  oh i 'm sorry i tried to engage in an intelligent conversation with you . 
  i was n't aware you were a darkie . 
  actually i 'm not yet my fingers were still physically capable of writing a racial slur . 
  funny how that works , is n't it ? 
  i 'm sorry for you for not understanding a phenomenom that surely has great effect in your life . 
  and sarcasm neither , seeing as how you 're browsing reddit . 
  if i was racist i would probably form assumptions of the intelligence of your `` race '' based on this exchange but i have too little faith in the intelligence of white people to properly be racist . 
  it 's a definite maybe . 
  i never play mech in tvz or tvp so i figured i 'd rather stick to what i know and maybe be in a small disadvantage compared to going mech which i have no clue about . 
  you do n't need the geysers as fast if you 're playing bio . 
  just do n't take them and pump out more marines . 
  on the contrary , i would n't be too surprised to see them delivering pizza some time in the near future . 
  stop using safari . 
  this seems more like shitty parenting . 
  we all know what 's the best answer for shitty parenting , even shittier parenting from the other end of the spectrum . 
  yea it really sounds like the dad is beating them . 
  not too surprising . 
  you obviously have never been to / r/beatingwomen, 
  youtube existed ( and i already had an account ) when i started smoking weed at 16 . 
  never once in my life did i think i should video myself and put it on the internet . 
  / r/suomi is filled with stupid stuff . 
  there 's really no reason for yet another finnish subreddit . 
  it 's not even proper dubstep . 
  it 's fucking brostep . 
  also known as american dubstep . 
  where the melody does n't matter as long as you keep smashing the wubwub-button . 
  wo n't that conflict with the new xbox release ? 
  that 's probably not a good time to broadcast anything gaming related . 
  i have a feeling they included people who died from fires caused by lightning . 
  that would explain it . 
  i recommend you check out caspa , d1 , benga , burial , tes la rok the list goes on and on . 
  you can probably find some sort of a pack or a playlist online . 
  basically stuff that was made in 2005-2008 before dubstep became a `` thing '' . 
  you 'll notice almost none of those artist use the `` wubwub '' sound at all . 
  burial is probably the `` easiest '' to start with . 
  very melodic and it 's kinda debatable whether it 's dubstep at all but excellent albums ( untrue & burial ) . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwdhyiyowia ) is how the wubwub was used before every kid with fruity loops started making `` dubstep '' . 
  notice how the entire song is n't just wubwub and screeching sounds but there 's actually a melody and a point to the song . 
  north america : 0.24 m, 
  + europe : 0.10 m, 
  + rest of the world : 0.05 m, 
  north america : 0.41 m, 
  + europe : 0.05 m, 
  + rest of the world : 0.04 m, 
  that 's actually surprising . 
  i know one person with nhl13 on playstation and 20 + who own it on xbox ( i live in eu ) . 
  but your claim is still bullshit as even fifa13 outsold nhl13 in the usa by more than double :, 
  madden sold more than double what fifa did . 
  from what i read the reception almost purely positive . 
  yes people were disappointed there was n't more actual gameplay video but at least they did n't fuck up the controller and the hardware seems solid . 
  i do n't care about tv or skype or ie etc. 
  but there was nothing actually negative about the announcements , just a lack of launch titles . 
  i buy call of duty because i like battlefield but i also like call of duty . 
  i do n't really agree with the `` if we 're treated stupidly they should be too '' mentality . 
  rather have 50 % of the population treated with common sense than nobody . 
  but i do think it 's ridiculous when these laws are enforced when two teenagers are in a consensual relationship and the sexist mentality is definitely a problem . 
  i 've never used netflix , ie , skype , video player or any other app on my xbox . 
  i only use it to play games . 
  i do n't plan on changing that . 
  and i was happy with the reveal . 
  i did n't expect any huge innovations when it comes to gaming . 
  i expected to get upgraded hardware and hoped they would n't fuck up the controller . 
  ms delivered on both parts . 
  they even confirmed larger multiplayer battles which is a very nice bonus . 
  yes i would 've liked to see more launch titles but in the end they matter very little , launch titles usually always suck and it 's not like we 're gon na play launch titles for the next 8 years . 
  is n't that the same as jif ? 
  not zoozoo ? 
  what the hell is a built-in downstem and would n't that make cleaning much more difficult since you ca n't use a bottle brush ?
