  but you ca n't say that natural is always better every single time !, 
  god bless the u.s.a, 
  what did you use to cut the holes ? 
  why is this downvoted ? 
  it is monroe lee . 
  this is just the hottest pic ever taken of her so the rest are a disappointment . 
  garlic powder ? 
  tastes like shit , buy some real garlic for god 's sake, 
  the best thing about chili is it only gets better when you reheat it . 
  i usually make ~ 4-6 pounds of it and freeze most in individual meals . 
  i also cook it for 5-8 hours for the first time . 
  canada 's a lot bigger than the u.s, 
  most maps just project it wrongly because it 's higher up north and it 's difficult to show a 3d world in a 2d map . 
  well it 's not difficult but you have to choose . 
  either right proportions or shapes . 
  most maps choose shapes . 
  sounds legit . 
  i do n't like sitting on chairs with my back towards the window/door either . 
  i used to read a lot of wild west comics as a kid though . 
  i know . 
  it 's still horrible . 
  i already do , 
  i smoke weed all the time and i 'm lazy as fuck, 
  so that stereotype is not completely bullshit, 
  points 1620 lol, 
  yeah everytime i click on a link titled `` boobs '' i assume it to be sfw, 
  because soccer fans ( and especially organizations like fifa ) are extremely old school and do n't believe in video reviews or penalties after the fact etc. 
  one of the reasons i do n't watch soccer . 
  also fifa thinks tv and stadiums should n't show replays of calls that `` might be questionable '' `` for safety '' . 
  it 's a pussy sport nevertheless, 
  how is that an episode or a incident ? 
  they remove shirts all the time in men 's soccer ( though nowadays you need to have an undershirt for . . idk god perhaps ) . 
  it 's not like there was even a nip slip . 
  not that i 'd care about that either . 
  no one has sauce ? 
  i 'd like to see for myself . 
  thank you so much !, 
  incident is something of importance or interest . 
  it 's not an incident when a male player scores a goal and celebrates like that . 
  did you run water on it while drilling or just do it dry ? 
  i 'm a former pc gamer that went console a few years back , i even learnt to play fpss with a pad, 
  the trailers for this game are the first and only thing that have made me regret buying a mac, 
   sexual stimulation, 
  lol 'd, 
  and the air would go . . where ? 
  you ca n't replace something without , you know , re-placing it . 
  also a can seems pretty small for a waterfall since a 2 litre is perfect . 
  besides i do n't see how this is any more `` rechargable '' than a regular one . 
  all you 're doing is capturing the water that would otherwise go to the bucket/sewer . 
  and you can reuse a normal waterfall . 
  i do n't think you actually need to be a computer * geek * to understand what 's wrong with that link, 
  so how did you . . ? 
  how does it ? 
  what ? 
  and you suck its ass ? 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's not even a repost . 
  it 's plagiarizing . 
  it actually made me a bit mad that this had gotten 11 upvotes . 
  then i checked and realized i had accidentally upvoted it as well [ ] ( / fu ), 
  [ universal highness chart ] ( http://potimages.com/data/media/8/universal_420_highness_chart.png ) the reddit [ 1 ] - [ 10 ] is based on as well . 
  or different variations of it but the [ 10 ] pretty much stays the same . 
  majority of smokers never reach a [ 10 ] . 
  when you smoke a bowl and play black ops on xbox live with your friend and you are not a [ 10 ], 
  it 's the same as kids who drink 3 beers and think they 're wasted . 
  even better if they find out the beers were non-alcoholic . 
  if it 's not american piss coffee you can taste it . 
  i personally like to cook what would be a triple or quadruple espresso of dark roast and then add more milk than i have coffee . 
  shit 's good . 
  and yes , you can taste the coffee . 
  lol . 
  i do n't like alcohol . 
  not since i found weed . 
  but when i did drink ( 15-18yo ) i always drank around 20 servings if not more . 
  and i was n't even close to an alcoholic , i drank maybe few times a month . 
  i used to enjoy drinking but got bored of it around 19 years old . 
  i still do it on occasions like in a bbq or something but i 'd gladly give those times up to get rid of alcohol altogether . 
  it causes so many fucking problems in society but nobody pays any attention because `` it 's just alcohol , c'mon man , it 's legal '' . 
  also there 's nothing i hate more than bars so it 'd serve them right too . 
  i do n't like sugar in my coffee at all , ruins the taste for me . 
  i do love milk though . 
  there already exists a how-to somewhere in this subreddit but i 'm just gon na go out on a limb here and guess . 
  drill a hole for mouthpiece ( on the side ) as high up as possible, 
  drill a hole up top for stem and bowl, 
  drill a small carb hole on the other side than mouthpiece, 
  fill 1/4 with water, 
  enter stem so that it almost touches the bottom but not quite and connect it to the bowl, 
  enjoy, 
  itt : main reason i do n't drink anymore, 
  also itt : noobs who actually pay for bar drinks, 
  what 's wrong with you people . 
  i shave every few weeks yet my balls/dick are neither spiky or itchy, 
  ` sup friedchickenisha, 
  i have never tried but i do have to shave almost daily . 
  my balls grow hair back quickly too , it 's just not spiky, 
  but ... violentacrez has n't been a mod of r/jailbait for some time now ? 
  so we ban it ** when ** cp starts popping up , not before `` just in case something could happen '' . 
  slapping a woman is worse than pics of dead kids ? 
  it 's comments like this that make me want to beat a woman, 
  yeah because the fbi totally does that when a single cp image is submitted to a website .
