  seeing as how pc also supports the ps4 and the xbone controllers and every tv and audio device that can be connected to a ps4 can also be connected to a pc comparing the exclusive games the different platforms offer is really the only matter of `` taste '' in the entire discussion . 
  yeah i do n't know i 've had my pc hooked up to my tv for at least 10 years long before any steam big screen or before i was even considering playing games on it so i 'm just used to having a keyboard on the couch . 
  also [ kodi ] ( http://kodi.tv/ ) is far more user friendly , fast and configurable than any console , smart tv , media player etc. 
  that i 've ever tried . 
   it really , really , really is n't . 
  if it were , then why are both consoles doing as well as they are, 
  because they 're much cheaper . 
  why is russia still full of ladas even though mercedes-benzs have been sold there for two decades ? 
  does this mean lada is a better brand of cars ? 
  rest of your post is just explaining this yourself so you obviously knew it . 
  yes a console is cheaper . 
  yes the ps4 was the best `` return of investment '' performance wise the last time i checked . 
  but no ps4 or xbox can be as good as a good pc . 
  that 's why it 's a superior platform . 
  i realize a pc can be worse than a current gen console but no current gen console can be better than a modern gaming pc . 
  the potential `` limit '' of performance is much higher , that 's what makes it a superior platform . 
  no kodi has support for all of those . 
  netflix , hbo , youtube , twitch my local tv station 's apps ... basically anything you could need . 
  and because it 's an open source software whenever there 's a new service or website someone 's always making a new addon before i even hear about the site . 
   how are you unable to wrap your head around the fact that the technical proficiency of something is not the be-all and end-all ? 
  yeah and all of these factors outside technical performance are dominated by pc . 
  and open enviroment that gives you the freedom to customize if you want to but does n't require it . 
  there is no downside to that . 
  same games for a cheaper price . 
  there is no downside to that . 
  picking whatever peripherals you want to use from the last 30 years . 
  no downside . 
  supporting more audio and video options but if you want it 's as simple as one hdmi cord . 
  no downside . 
  there is simply nothing a console is better at except being cheaper . 
  but this discussion was about being better . 
  you should n't be surprised quality comes at a price . 
  price should n't be a factor when determining which one is ultimately better . 
  and no , when price is factored out of the equation a lada is n't a better car for any situation than a mercedes . 
  and are you seriously trying to insinuate a lada is more durable than a mercedes-benz ? 
  sometimes in life certain things are just objectively better than others , at least when viewed on paper . 
  you can talk all about how `` in your experience you enjoy ... '' but these kids will just throw facts at you and the facts tell a nasty tale . 
  in their mind they can not lose and that 's all they require to start these arguments . 
  yeah well this is a pretty shit save seeing as how subreddits about anything did n't exist before reddit . 
  this is getting pretty desparate . 
  would n't it be easier to just admit that you did n't think this thru when you posted the original comment ? 
   no one can tell anyone what to enjoy or why to enjoy it . 
  oh but they can . 
  you might think it 's not right or that they should n't do so but that 's not gon na stop anyone . 
  there is no ultimate authority to stop anyone from saying what they want no matter how `` stupid '' . 
  what i posted above, 
   in their mind they can not lose and that 's all they require to start these arguments . 
  is the important thing . 
  in their mind they can not lose the argument . 
  it does n't matter what you think . 
  that 's why there are so many of these posts . 
  i do n't think making a pun means you think she 's a bad ref, 
  well that certainly was a biased comparison . 
  you have to turn on pc but not turn on ps4 ? 
  you have to manually input password into pc but ps4 has auto-login enabled ( totally possible on a pc too ), 
  if it 's a gaming pc why does n't steam auto-launch ? 
  so in reality it 's . 
  turn on ps4, 
  choose game, 
  press x, 
  turn on pc, 
  choose game, 
  press `` play '', 
  no it 's exactly the same amount of steps . 
   just as playing tennis , golf or any outdoor activity is objectively better activity than sitting idly while playing video games, 
  no it is n't . 
  those are two entirely different things . 
  30 fps and 60 fps are a measure of the exact same thing , the other is just twice as good . 
  also there is nobody out there that does n't care about fps . 
  people who say so either have n't simply had the priviledge to play modern games on a good framerate and do n't know what they 're missing or know they wo n't have the opportunity to do so and try to make themselves feel better about it by downplaying its importance . 
  fps is n't eye candy , it makes the gaming experience much more enjoyable no matter who you are and what kind of games you play . 
  no they 're not . 
  they can be , but they 're not meant to . 
  haha maybe if you were n't on the side getting shafted you would n't tell yourself you do n't care . 
  not as long as these people are out there convicting other `` criminals '' . 
  sure great for him being happy in his delusions but for the rest of us it does n't do much good . 
  yeah i was n't surprised to see us had much better detail than the rest of the world but is it just me or is africa ( and asia for that matter ) even more accurate than europe ? 
  or do i just know europe better and it 's easier to spot small inaccuracies ? 
  it 's ridiculous how many nsfw subreddits there are that are exactly the same thing . 
  i guess everybody wants to be a mod . 
   you can play cs : go or fifa or whatever other games that does n't involve the time commitment that dota does . 
  cs : go and fifa require the same ammount of time commitment as dota . 
  granted fifa matches are shorted but cs : go matches are much longer than dota matches on average . 
  you mean pudge and techies ? 
  i think there 's a lot more than genetics at play here, 
  try holding with both hands, 
  maybe has to do something with dead game . 
  hard work of lying on a surgeon 's table ? 
  yeah but 99 % of people play matchmaking or similiar match setup ( esea , faceit ) . 
  saying csgo has drop in servers is like saying dota has 1v1 practice mode . 
  it 's not why people play the game . 
  why would the controller not be connected already ? 
  do you unplug your mouse and keyboard when you turn off your pc ? 
  i know i 've never disconnected my controller even when not in use . 
  i still think it 's kinda silly how people are trying to make this esports things `` serious '' yet keep using nicknames . 
  grow up , use your real name like in any other competitive scene . 
  yeah but only because that 's the way it 's been . 
  if they started using real names it would n't take long for me to recognize those and new players that came on to the scene after that would naturally be better known by their real name . 
  it 's not a big deal to me . 
  i just think it 's fairly counterproductive with this whole 2010s `` let 's make esports a legit industry '' thing .
