  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  finland has by far the most guns in europe ( with switzerland ) and we 've also had by far the most random shooting sprees in europe . 
  2 schools and 2 shopping centres and 1 city centre all within a couple years in a pretty small country . 
  all with legal weapons . 
  nice gif but the quality hurts my eyes, 
  except if you 're european you 're not even getting something . 
  am i the only one who thinks the level 2 reward ( 160 msp ) is better than any of the 3-10 ? 
  what i do n't understand is why people would do it . 
  is n't it like working phone/chat support for microsoft except instead of getting paid you get a few avatar items ? 
  sounds like a shitty deal . 
   tune out in 2 minutes, 
  i do n't even remember the last time i was on the dashboard for 2 minutes . 
  i usually spend about 99,5 % of my xbox uptime in a game and 0,5 % on a dashboard so for me this whole `` ad outrage '' is just silly . 
  secondly having no updates to the games themselves sucks major dick , ads or not . 
  nowadays they 're even bigger than in this ( the nonshopped ) though . 
  they 're differently shaped too , touching eachother . 
   incidentally , i completely hate them , because they look natural . 
  i am going to be getting them redone . 
  you sound like the dumbest sort of person, 
  yes they 've become increasingly common but are still more expensive than the ones your cheapest neighbourhood back-of-the-van plastic surgeon gives out and thus not so commonly seen on porn/strippers . 
  you overestimate women, 
  yeah finland and norway have had 100 % for most of 20th century . 
  the only reason sweden and denmark have fallen from 100 % is the influx of immigrants compared to the amounts norway and finland receive/let in . 
  i love co-op . 
  it 's probably due to the improved graphics over the years ( pfffttch ) and the limitations of the hardware ( 2 screens -  lower fps ) but i feel like there used to be a lot more split screen co-op games especially on 360 . 
  nothing 's more fun than playing split screen co-op with a friend . 
  internet co-op can be a bit boring even though it 's still tons better than no co-op . 
  lan/system link is obviously best but also requires most effort . 
  cod 5 ( waw ) split screen campaign was like that . 
  40 % of the screen was black . 
  it was terrible . 
  i do n't understand vertical split either . 
  looks great . 
  however though did n't they bump the maximum height ? 
  i 'm not 100 % certain because it 's been a long while since i played . 
  i paid 1500 $ in 2007 for a mbp with larger resolution ( 1440x900 ) . 
  considering i 'm still using it and it works great i 'd say you 've made a bad investment . 
  everything else does n't look ` fake ' about it ? 
  french are n't `` chilled out '' . 
  they just have a special skill of screwing everything up . 
  i waited so much for blur . 
  i love split-screen , i like racing . 
  i 'm interested in anything with 24 player multiplayer . 
  then it came out and i played it for one afternoon both alone and with friends and never put it back in the tray . 
  everything was great on paper , it just did n't work . 
  hard to put into words really , maybe it was the steering or the boring weapons and maps . 
  it just did n't give me pleasure when played , simple as that . 
  because comments on / r/funny are aimed to be accurate yet politically correct observations, 
  asa is so hot with clothes on or off but then the camera zooms in and she has literally like an inch thick mask of make-up on and it 's a terrible turnoff . 
  it 's so cute i 'm getting kinda hard, 
  link to the gun getting painted ? 
  147,492 deaths today http://www.worldometers.info/, 
  so yeah , i agree with you . 
  i was as close to this woman as i am to african children dying of starvation . 
  does n't really evoke any kind of feelings either way . 
  yeah mine too . 
  i care about him ( a bit ) but she 's not some random russian woman i 've never met so i do n't know why him or your granpa would have anything to do with this . 
  who said anything about cowardness ? 
  powerchicken did n't post `` thousands of people die each day , coward '' . 
  he just pointed out a fact . 
  a fact that 's very relevant . 
  i 've seen way too much death on the internet for a random video to affect me in any way . 
  would i still care if i saw a situation like that in real life or happening to someone i know ? 
  yes . 
  do i think i 'm a motherfucking badass because i can honestly say videos like this do n't have any effect on me ? 
  does n't mean i 'd lie and say they do . 
  i rooted for naniwa . 
  you do n't understand starcraft . 
  cheese is a vital part of any rts . 
  who would want to watch the same macro games over and over again ? 
  there is no point to a strategy game if you never have to prepare to defend . 
   when naniwa cheeses people react like `` omg he ca n't face players in macro games '' and when he gets cheesed it is like `` lol he plays so greedy , he deserves it '' . 
  sounds more like the people you talk with do n't understand this game, 
  maybe if you asked something instead of saying cheese should be banned ( stupidest thing i 've read today ) and then calling everyone who disagrees with you ( which is 100 % of the sane population ) a fanboy people would explain the game to you instead of calling you a retard which you deserve . 
   i had a pretty bad drug problem for a while, 
  mfw it was weed, 
  i did . 
  i stopped answering the calls . 
  my apm has gotten much better . 
  if you go to college you 're not unemployed , you 're a student . 
   `` stupidest thing i 've read today '' - gee , thanks for the constructive criticism . 
  you 're no better than anyone else here . 
  grats . 
  the reason it 's stupid : http://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/12ir3c/mlg_dallas_fall_championship_november_24_2012/ look at the first pic . 
  sc2 is about balancing between enocomy and army . 
  when a player rushes he puts all his emphasis on army instead of economy . 
  if it works , he has a good chance of winning , if not , he 's way behind in economy and thus likely to lose . 
  if cheese and rushing was not allowed there would be no balancing between economy and army . 
  there would be no reason to do anything but build workers and expand in the beginning . 
  cheese is the reason that makes the entire game interesting , trying to build an economy while being able to defend it . 
  lol has n't actually expressed laughter for about a decade . 
  i sometimes say `` lol '' in a deadpan tone when something really is n't that funny . 
  especially if something is extremely pathetic `` lol '' seems to be the best answer . 
  most of my friends and random people my age i run into seem to use it in the same matter . 
  i 'm not english though so it 's not `` el ou el '' it 's just `` lol '', 
  i do n't know . 
  i watched the entire video and in this case i do n't agree with the cop hate . 
  yes he screwed up initially but mistakes happen and he 's only human . 
  he seemed very rational talking to the fireman and understood the situation . 
  of course he had to check the info out , otherwise everyone would use that excuse .
