  or it loaded faster than it played meaning there was no visible loading . 
  i do n't know if i should upvote because it 's true or downvote because this most definitely did n't happen . 
  because dying has a penalty ? 
  i like it . 
  besides it 's not * that * expensive . 
  out of my total income of $ 2,356,349 i 've spent $ 188,785 on healthcare , and that includes ** a lot ** of fucking around and dying in free mode . 
  e. 385 deaths, 
  i do n't care about apartments , i want * mansions * . 
  the city 's already full of them , all they need is some interior that could be delivered via patch . 
  and they should n't be cheap either , something like $ 10-50m would be good . 
  not really . 
  i do n't really like the fact everyone will be running around with $ 500k . 
  i liked how there was a point in the game where you were actually poor , how you started on the bottom of the food chain . 
  now you can buy a vacca sportscar and a luxury apartment as soon as you start the game . 
  it 's not a huge deal , i 'm not really complaining , but i 'd rather not have this . 
  so it 's not good news for everyone . 
  yeah i do n't really like the idea that every player can buy a supercar and a luxury apartment right after starting the game . 
  i would n't have wanted my own start to be like that either . 
  i rather enjoyed being poor in the beginning and having to work my way up . 
  yeah but at least it cost $ 20 so not everyone did it . 
  there 's a difference between having the option to buy in-game cash and giving it for free to everyone . 
  that mission was patched to $ 3k, 
  there 's still base invaders though . 
  $ 25k for less than 5 minutes . 
  but it is pretty difficult at least if you do n't play on easy or autoaim . 
   feels like all the grinding was for nothing . 
  maybe that 's your problem ? 
  play the game in a way that 's fun , not grinding . 
  i 've grinded next to nothing and my total income so far is $ 2,5 m so it 's not like you must grind to get cash . 
  i do n't like this either though , but i do understand it 's nice for people who lost their characters . 
  it 's more of a positive for them than it 's a negative for me . 
  or just play the game in a way that 's fun and not grind ? 
  it is a nice view though . 
  because the game is fun to play ? 
  i do n't particularly like this either but it 's not like it 's going to ruin my experience . 
   250k is n't going to make anyone rich, 
  no but they 're definitely not poor either . 
  i liked that being poor was part of the game . 
  when you actually had to choose between things like gun attachments and not just buy everything you see . 
  maybe quitting the game is a good idea . 
  you certainly seem to be taking it a bit too seriously . 
  it 's not like dying once or twice in the game is the end of the world . 
  not everyone should have a mansion either . 
  that 's the point of it . 
  see [ veblen goods ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veblen_good ) . 
  i would be perfectly fine with it taking forever to unlock one , as there would almost certainly be no gameplay benefit to having one . 
  it 's just to show off . 
   playing the game the way it 's meant to be played people are n't making nearly enough for that . 
  the game 's been out for a week and a half . 
  i think it 's perfectly fine the average player ca n't afford the most expensive things in the game after a week . 
  especially when they are cosmetic goods . 
  well if you had fun doing it , then how was it for nothing ? 
  is having fun not the ultimate goal while playing a video game ? 
  i have n't abused any glitches and the point is n't i have 2 million after healthcare . 
  it 's that the system works proportionally yet i 've still lost less than 10 % of my income to hospitals . 
  you can move the decimal point left in both sums and the point stays the same . 
  honestly i do n't mind that there was a point in the game when even gun attachments etc. 
  too serious consideration and you could n't just buy everything . 
  but struggling with ammo ? 
  you must be doing something wrong . 
  simply the 9k you get every 24 game hours for selling a car is more than enough to buy all the ammo you could possibly want . 
  everyone can play however they want , but discussions about game balance like these should n't start with the mindset that even if you do n't take advantage of any of the easy opportunities the game gives you to make money you should never run out of it . 
  well you still have your xp which i 'd argue is much more valuable than money . 
  and it 's something that ca n't be bought with real money either . 
  e. lets not forget about car mods you unlocked either if you played races . 
  time ? 
  i 've made $ 2,5 m so far without any glitching and minimal grind . 
  i do n't mind if the mansions were something you had to play hundreds of hours to get . 
  they are n't supposed to add any gameplay elements , just be a cool thing to look at and a money sink . 
  besides if everyone had one they 'd lose their point . 
  women are sometimes sunbathing topless , at least up in vinewood hills . 
  if you take a picture their boyfriend might try to beat you up . 
  the only place i 've seen dicks is up in the nudist camp on mt. 
  chiliad ( i think , somewhere around there ) . 
  yeah i do n't really understand why people do n't work together either . 
  you get basically no reward for killing people and you can make money a lot easier with two people but still 3/4 of people shoot on sight . 
  i 've found that if you want to play together with random people the best way is to complete a mission or something , then sticking with them afterwards . 
  people are rarely hostile if you have history together . 
  but why come up with the story in the first place when it 's obviously bullshit ? 
  if i 'm going to read something made up i want it to at least be believable . 
  i 've replayed some missions , but i do n't think i 've played anything over 5 times total . 
  i play with many different friends , it 's inevitable to happen as they wo n't all progress in the same exact pace . 
  sometimes i call all the possible mission givers and only get missions i 've played before . 
  i have n't replayed violent duct or base invaders a 100 times if that 's what you 're suggesting . 
  she was also a character in the story . 
  afaik the rest of them are just for posters/loading screens . 
  yeah but the point is there are five fingers visible not including a thumb . 
  dark souls is one of the best if not the best rpg i 've ever played . 
  just do n't read online guides ( too much ) . 
  i know a lot of people do since the game does n't hold your hand but i think that 's the appeal . 
  it 's nice finding stuff out for yourself . 
  i do recommend you read the basics like how humanity works etc. 
  making a game is never free . 
  when you do n't charge a title price for your game , you must find other sources of money . 
  when i pay a lump sum i know the game is designed with gameplay in mind and nothing else . 
  when i play a f2p game i know in the end everything in the game is designed so that they can get you to pay them money . 
  of course , as someone must pay their salaries . 
  when playing videogames i want to focus entirely on the game itself and not worry about real-life money or have it affect the experience . 
  i 'd pay 50 $ for this game . 
  50 $ to play it and not worry about real life money after that one single payment .
