  when you 've been looking at something your entire life ( the current plates were introduced in 1972 with no changes since then ) you learn to spot little nuances . 
  the redness is just the shitty phone camera . 
  the old belgian xxx - ### plates look like this : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/de/be_license_plate.jpg, 
  even if the eu sign was on the right spot the font and the borders are still different . 
  e. see how the k is symmetric vertically and there 's a white outline outside the black borders, 
  vs. asymmetric k and no white space outside the borders, 
  also you can see the screw holding the plate next to the last number 3 . 
  according to all the images on google belgian plates are fastened by 4 screws in the corners where as finnish plates only have 2 , one on each side . 
  no , i do n't have anything better to do on christmas eve . 
  your naivety is adorable . 
  commenting because mobile, 
  wtf is gulf stream, 
  i 'm really disappointed because these used to be a huge asset in in previous nhl games ever since the stick controls were introduced ( ' 07 ? ), 
  but it 's like they completely took it out of the game . 
  also i do n't think it 's possible to turn it off in online matches and i hate going back and forth between two sets of controls . 
  probably but i 'd expect this time of year to be the 2nd wave of new players after launch . 
  maybe your store manager was n't smart enough to specify `` no luigis '' like everyone else and was shipped all the leftover luigis . 
  maybe you should n't be such a little bitch if what other people do bothers you so much . 
  i cringed at the `` narwhal bacon '' `` joke '' just like 99 % of the userbase but because i 'm not an insecure nerd i was able to just ignore it and keep enjoying the site for its other properties . 
  yeah because crossfit is the only way to get fit, 
  to be fair is n't that always the case ? 
  whether it 's sony or microsoft or valve or blizzard or any other game developer or platform having issues i 've always found more information faster from subreddits/forums than any official sources . 
  because only unfit people do n't watch olympic weight lifting, 
  yeah torres in liverpool was an amazing player . 
  i was sad to see him leave lfc but even sadder to see he was n't able to perform after the move . 
  i always liked him as a person and his playstyle . 
  someone wiser than you could 've removed the default subs full of cancer if they found them unenjoyable to browse . 
  you use a condom when you suck yourself off ? 
  are you more afraid of std 's or getting pregnant ? 
  because it 's used inproperly . 
  probably same kind of distance as the regular controller, 
  below is a listing by denomination of the first production and delivery dates for currency bearing in god we trust :, 
  denomination production delivery, 
  $ 1 federal reserve note february 12 , 1964 march 11 , 1964, 
  $ 5 united states note january 23 , 1964 march 2 , 1964, 
  $ 5 federal reserve note july 31 , 1964 september 16 , 1964, 
  $ 10 federal reserve note february 24 , 1964 april 24 , 1964, 
  $ 20 federal reserve note october 7 , 1964 october 7 , 1964, 
  $ 50 federal reserve note august 24 , 1966 september 28 , 1966, 
  $ 100 federal reserve note august 18 , 1966 september 27 , 1966, 
  www.treasury.gov seems like a reliable source when it comes to money . 
  then how come op 's note has it if it 's from 1957 ? 
  i think being aware of ellen 's wife is a big enough reason to question your life . 
  maybe a bit less e !, 
  hollywood news ? 
  thanks , til, 
  also for anyone interested in more content of this type :, 
  / r/imaginaryfuturewar, 
  that channel is called `` boss vs boss '' . 
  guess what kind of videos he uploads . 
   it was n't a financial issue, 
   they just did n't want to spend their money, 
  it was a financial issue . 
  my sisters use them with makeup . 
  i do n't know what they do exactly but something makeup related . 
  because you 're kissing a person you are n't sexually attracted to on the lips ? 
  is n't that enough of an explanation ? 
  i never thought it was so widely considered normal until reddit . 
  oh i do n't think i 've ever posted . 
  i just saw the pic and remembered having subbed to the sub a couple years ago . 
  i like this kind of stuff so new users bringing more content is always welcome . 
  before reddit i never realized that pyjamas are a real thing in some places around the world . 
  i 've slept in boxer shorts my entire life . 
  pyjamas were something i saw in cartoons and sit coms . 
  they 're like checkbooks . 
  ong-bak had amazing fight coreography and cinematography . 
  the plot and acting however ... 
  it was always like this, 
  but then your bed feels unclean and you 're trying to go to sleep . 
  do your business at the computer that is already providing a better service ( screen size , variety , no need to hold it ) and go to sleep in a fresh bed . 
  win-win . 
  what kind of an adult in the year 2014 does not have his/her own computer ? 
  not exactly the same price range either . 
  so like 1/10th to 1/20th the price of the mercedes . 
  i do n't have a source but that looks an awful lot like franceska jaimes . 
  but for the people finding it not normal a kiss on the lips is considered a sexual thing . 
  it would be like squeezing your mom 's ass . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  for the people who find kissing your parents odd , a kiss on the lips is * always * sexual . 
  they do n't kiss people on the lips unless it is sexual , therefore they find it odd when someone else does . 
  in a private 2-30 people chat that presumably is either invite only or has some moderators ( like the founder of the chatroom ) ? 
  i find it really hard to believe spam would become a big enough factor to justify not including the feature at all . 
  it 's a daily reminder that u.s. is in the same situation i was in in 1998 . 
  now i pay 9.90 $ a monthy for 100mbit/20mbit and data caps are n't even a thing . 
  not a single isp in the entire country has a data cap on any of their plans . 
  there 's so much stupid shit in the ad this seems like a small thing to bitch about but if you look at 1.11 you see the sticker did n't actually even hold in the xbox controller . 
  they used cgi lol . 
  \\  not using night mode, 
  tyl the average person is fucking retarded, 
  yeah 50 % legit sales seems like a big chunk . 
  if i think of any regular movie and the percentage of my friends seeing it in a cinema it 's like 10 % in cinema , 40 % pirate , 50 % skip the movie . 
  bluray is 0 % because physical media does n't belong in the 21st century . 
  she 's actually pretty damn hot in the original pic . 
  the led end result looks more like a fat chick . 
  til it 's not `` segway '' . 
   eck , he even talked about killing himself and he could n't, 
  which hulk was that ? 
  i remember the conversation vaguely but ca n't remember which movie it was . 
  your drill controls the movement of the drillbit . 
  really i have no issue with people using tools for diy .
