  they 're extremely boring opponents and it 's a total waste of potential seeing how well the human enemy ai is done . 
  my nat is 1, 
  well it can be something as simple as a certain particle or post processing effect or something that is only used in the chasm of the abyss that 's badly optimized and it might even be one that 's badly optimized and your gpu drivers are n't good at handling and your gpu is the bottleneck of your performance so you add it all up and that 's why one place lags and another does n't . 
  i 'm totally just guessing and it could be anything but there are often situations like that which are just small issues and coincidences piling up and hurting performance in ways that seem illogical . 
  especially in bad pc ports which dks is . 
  do you really think it 's that obvious ? 
  even if he 's playing 16:9 it 's visible for like a fraction of a second and not in a place you 'd expect . 
  if he 's try hard focusing on that angle and crosshair placement it 's totally understandable why he missed that . 
  especially on cobble where you do n't know what 's part of the wall texture . 
  the part where you 're at the town where that one guy lives and after sneaking for a while there 's a section where you 're out on the open and get `` spotted '' in a scripted section and all the zombies start running at you . 
  very few as successful though, 
  its after the cafeteria where i 'm looking for a bus battery or something . 
  the checkpoint is in a spot that there 's literally a zombie hanging on my neck 3 seconds after i load the game, 
  it was big things . 
  the movement felt like on ice . 
  you were sliding all over the place . 
  the acceleration was super high though so you 'd reach max speed pretty much instantly . 
  gun recoils were very inconsistent and the whole game lacked balancing . 
  at first they paniced and overpatched everything . 
  one day deagle was as accurate as the ak and next it would be like awp noscope . 
  there was a long phase where shooting rifles on the move was practically as accurate as standing still . 
  i really cant remember many details because all of my ( 1.6 ) friends stopped playing the game in the week following the launch and the community seemed to just abandon it as a game that didnt need to happen . 
  i had something like 40 hours in it for the first 6 months . 
  there was no drive to perfection like the current attitude where people want every little thing fixed since the meat of the game was so broken and seen as unfit for competitive play . 
  around 3 mo before the arms deal update it started to resemble a cs game . 
  i 've always wanted to know the origin of the gif . 
  it 's probably an infomercial but what are they selling ? 
   has become . 
  implying / r/trees was n't always this way, 
  yeah , and that overall arc is shit . 
  if the plot was just about whatever power struggle of the time and the gameplay was the identical parkour and stabbing the game would be a lot better . 
   if the quality was even close to watchable , or there would have been a reply showing what happened, 
  i know . 
  he also said, 
   if the quality was even close to watchable , or there would have been a reply showing what happened, 
  they 've been doing this same stunt for like 15 years every time they perform which was about 300 days a year ( probably less but it feels like they were everywhere at a time ) . 
  music festivals to supermarket openings it 's fucking thumbtacks on a tramboline every time . 
  if you look closely at the picture you might find a clue, 
  my guess is neither your computer or the server registered a hit but the c-130 's computer did due to some lag . 
  on his screen the plane probably blew up instantly but by the time the server realized what had happened and communicated back what should 've happened it was too late to try to fix it so the game just kinda went with it . 
  what about fat comedians ? 
  can we laugh at those ? 
  i 'm not at all surprised that the kind of people who complain about others defending the skillcap do n't know you can hover over to see how much you need for buyback . 
  the game is like 3 $ on sale and even cheaper if you get keys from russia . 
  most of the cheats ( that do n't get instabanned ) are paid anyway so a few extra pennies seems like a lot less effort than grinding lvl 13 . 
  they have recently introduced a similiar barrier to matchmaking in csgo but it takes only a few hours to get . 
  i sold my csgo knife for real life dollars without any issues . 
   a minimum ranking ( so an acknowledged level of skill ), 
  the required minimum rank is the equivalent of 1k mmr, 
  i 've never reported a person in csgo for other than hacking . 
  i 've never reported a person in dota for hacking . 
   its not as bad as some people insist . 
  it 's not as bad as it was a year ago but it is still pretty fucking bad . 
  these days in lem + you get maybe one blatant cheater every 10 games . 
  a year ago it was honestly every 3 games if you were lucky . 
  i remember surrendering so many games at warmup because the enemy would stand at our spawn with a negev and hit every shot the millisecond we spawned in . 
  there 's a reason almost everyone at supreme/global abandoned matchmaking and played only faceit/esea for a long time . 
  yeah if you 're only buying for yourself . 
  if you 're actually playing as a team and discussing the money and adding up if you can get 3 famases and smokes then suddenly knowing how to buy quickly with keyboard becomes useful . 
  there 's nothing i hate as much as that one guy who ca n't throw 4 tec-9 's without losing time in the beginning of the round . 
  the biggest letdown was how many guns there was towards the end, 
  it 's fun especially on the first half before guns are introduced . 
  even if you get it on pc get the definitive edition . 
  the graphics do n't really change on pc but there 's a lot more pedestrians and cars on the road which bring the game alive . 
  yeah this is n't wtf either . 
  it 's `` wow modern medicine is pretty cool '', 
  five-seven is nowhere as broken as the tec9, 
  it 's also stayed pretty much the same all through csgo and has had constant but not excessive use . 
  no sudden buffs to make it flavor of the month like with tec . 
  fiveseven feels like you have to aim to kill , tec is just run and gun and get surprise kills, 
   as your aim is n't shit the rek-9 / 5-7 is just as good , if not better , in cqc and at longer ranges . 
  yeah but that 's what i feel like is the crucial difference . 
  the 5-7 can be and is a better weapon when played well . 
  the cz is a much much easier weapon to get a pickoff on an eco even if you suck with it . 
  $ 100 is fine . 
  to me it feels like nip is a team that 's already been the best and have little motivation to improve their strategy and gameplay habits . 
  they play like an old group of friends just depending on their individual skill and experience and playing the game while it 's still at least somewhat fun and not tryharding it . 
  being a coach to a team like that is n't easy . 
  you criticize them too much and you 're out of a job . 
  you let them do what they want and there 's no improvement and you 're out of a job . 
  especially in a team like nip which such a permanent roster for the past 3 years , nobody is ever going to get kicked out of that team . 
  and they play like they know it . 
  there 's only going to be more hackers and smurfs as you get higher . 
  everyone else 's ranks are affected by them as well . 
  your `` hackers and smurfs '' rank is your real rank . 
  if he 's playing fullscreen the brightness setting in-game does n't actually affect the brightness of screenshots/video capture since the game is still rendered the same , it 's just displayed on a higher brightness setting . 
  it 's effectively the same as turning your monitor or windows brightness up and taking a screenshot of your desktop . 
  it would still look the same to everyone else . 
   battlebots is an offshoot of the original american version of robot wars , the brainchild of marc thorpe . 
  robot wars had financial backing from sme communications , a new york record company . 
  the thorpe/sme partnership broke up in 1997 , starting many years of legal wrangling between thorpe and profile records ( the former sme communications ) . 
  profile licensed robot wars to a uk production company and robot wars ran for seven years as a popular television program in the uk . 
   the robot builders left behind in san francisco formed battlebots , inc. and began a series of competitions . 
   sitting in bed , moving my guy in skies of arcadia while simultaneously moving the controller all over and being amazed how it was unaffected . 
  it was a dorky thing to do for sure , but it was something you never could 've done this well in the past . 
  also playing under the covers on a cold day and not having to worry about the cord . 
  but is n't it designed for air-to-air combat ? 
  in a real war the enemy does n't really care how your plane is designed to fight or what role you 're designed to replace . 
  dogfighting capabilities seem like a pretty important feature for a fighter plane . 
  what about the hiv virus ?
