  [ min.us ] ( http://minus.com/ ) will have no problem with the size, 
  e. wtf downvotes , what did i do wrong ? 
  or just jelly of resolution ? 
  that rule is on f7u12 , this is treecomics . 
  this comic effectively sums up the entire subreddit . 
  or at least how i look while browsing it . 
  yeah you could clearly tell by the comic . 
  which is why i downvoted for trying too hard . 
  problem ? 
  i ca n't understand why some people have a problem with people copying off them in a test/homework . 
  if someone else wants to cheat off me go ahead . 
  it 's not like i lose anything if someone else does n't have to study as much . 
  i 'm not a butt hurt neckbeard either though . 
  you wo n't get those hours back either way, 
  do n't worry . 
  i 'm only 20 and i always considered these to be absolute garbage . 
  i have two sisters . 
  i 'd find this funny . 
  female vocals or no vocals . 
  ca n't really even think of an exception . 
  while i would n't act like her either i really ca n't see what damage was done here . 
  so a cousin knows he 's dead , saves you the trouble of having to notify her . 
  luckily my xbox still is n't flagged regardless of hundreds of hours of playing pirated games online lol, 
  oh shit not everyone on the internet was born at the same time what a surprise, 
  i did this everytime we went to the mall as a kid . 
  i ca n't believe someone has never actually tried it . 
  fuck you for making me google that . 
  some men vocals are bearable but that fucking song makes me want to rip my ears off . 
  worst part is the melody 's actually good . 
  e . so as an answer to your question yes it does, 
  another finnfag here . 
  some teachers liked to check our notebooks in grade school to see we kept all the print-outs etc. 
  it 's pretty much the same except more strict . 
  this comic is like something out of reefer madness . 
  because you do know that getting high makes you crazy , right ? 
  having sex with a condom feels like fucking a rubber duck though . 
  not that i would know how that feels like . 
  i can see a lot of butt hurt fat girls on the pill have gone trough these comments . 
  and always remember that if it was the other way around the man would have to pay for the baby even if he was raped . 
  sun & moon was the first result . 
  thing called love is by him too apparently . 
  probably the only song that i could have imagined that pisses me off even more . 
  i like a&b and tatw is good ( occasionally ) but these fucking songs . . 
  i ca n't even put my feelings into words . 
  you know the kind of songs that no matter where in the apartment you are the instant the song starts playing you leap across every obstacle in your way to change the track ? 
  or just rip the cables out as long as you do n't have to listen to it . 
  i have the exact opposite problem . 
  i forget to turn on subtitles and have to sit trough the opening cutscenes without them too scared to press start . 
   in general , women get a very poor deal from society, 
  lol 'd, 
  i 'd switch places any day . 
  but yeah i know that 's now what you were talking about . 
  it was just a reminder for everyone out there . 
  deal with it, 
  negativity about what kind of shit ? 
  but no , i never think about taking a break from the interweb . 
  depends on the body does n't it, 
  so anyone care to translate this in a way that makes at least some sense ? 
  does za\u017c\u00f3\u0142\u0107 g\u0119\u015bl\u0105 ja\u017a\u0144 actually mean something ? 
  google translate : yellowing of the self g\u0119\u015bl\u0105, 
  u jelly bro, 
  both have decent melodies but both of them are in my top 5 of trance songs i hate the most . 
  i do n't normally overreact to music but these two just make me furious . 
  hearing them too many times on tatw did n't help either . 
  hardline pro is a total noob choice though . 
  the difference between 10 kills and 11 kills is ridiculously small compared to the advantages other tier 1 perks give . 
  the only context i could understand it is s & d where even the small killstreaks can have a decisive effect . 
  i still would n't use it , but i can see why someone would . 
  no they certainly do n't, 
  i ca n't listen to these right now but some do sound familiar . 
  i 'll try to remember to report back after i get home . 
  what if you had black paper and printed it with white ink [ 4 ], 
  weed prevents hangovers too though . 
  i never get a hangover when i 'm out drinking and smoking . 
  i 'll maybe feel a bit slow but not nauseous or anything . 
  e . it probably helps that i always drink water before going to bed . 
  if i 'm just drinking i 'm likely to forget . 
  you are the first person i 've heard say anything like this ever . 
  i uptoked for contributing to the conversation though and i 'd like to know why is you do n't like it, 
  your problem is that you expect to find reasonable and logical conversation on the internet . 
  i 'm pretty sure calvin and hobbes is the only comic of which i 've read every single strip . 
  i loved these as a kid and still do . 
  i found the `` complete collection '' when i visited the u.s but it weighed like 20 pounds so i did n't have room in my luggage [ ] ( / okay ), 
  i do n't usually like color tattoos but that is fucking sweet . 
  probably one of the nicest ones i 've seen . 
  exactly . 
  i really do n't get the point of censorship when everybody knows what you mean . 
  it 's hypocritical and idiotic . 
  the children know more swear words than i do, 
  i 've never heard anyone say `` come here and smoke me out '' like in the comic . 
  the one with the weed decides when to smoke after which people may ask if it 's ok they join in . 
  who cares about karma . 
  it 's the visibility and attention most people are after . 
  most `` upvote if you agree '' threads are self posts . 
  karma 's just a number . 
   ignore this idea that upvoting everything is some kind of noble ent philosophy, 
  mainly because it 's a retarded philosophy . 
  upvoting everything is as good as not voting at all . 
  the whole point of reddit is that you do n't just upvote everything to be nice , you upvote the best stuff so others we can all enjoy quality content . 
  who cares what kind of a post it is and if someone gets karma or not ?
