  also i do n't believe your icefrog praise . 
  yes he 's done great work with dota all-stars and later on with dota 2 and i 'm not undermining his importance to the game and genre that we have today , but i doubt anyone would notice if he stopped working on dota . 
  he 's just a guy and while it might be true that his ideology of these minor tweaks for optimal balance is what started the competetive moba genre the ball 's already started rolling and one man retiring would n't undo the work he 's done . 
  dota will live long after icefrog . 
  how are these mutually exclusive ? 
  he did n't want to reveal himself back then because he likes anonymity and did n't want his real life persona to be associated with a video game mod, 
  then he got a job at valve and there was still no reason to reveal his identity , even less than before . 
  icefrog obviously did n't want his name public and valve was happy to have an `` anonymous developer '' they could replace at will . 
  it 's win-win . 
  calling common sense a conspiracy theory is a bit of a stretch . 
  but that 's exactly a pop culture reference, 
  it 's a lot faster if you 're used to it from games like wc3 or sc2, 
  also tab does n't work like that , it just selects which unit 's skills to use . 
  the move commands are still issued to all selected units regardless which one is `` highlighted '' via tab, 
  the biggest clown of the na scene is na scene itself, 
  this is literally the top comment every week this gets posted ( and upvoted to the front page ), 
  i know nothing about fallout runs but now i want to see these mario rpg runs you were talking about, 
  i was the exact opposite . 
  as soon as i 'd notice any wiggling i 'd push and pull as much as i could . 
  i remember i used my swiss knife to chew on and to push the tooth around because my thumbs would start hurting . 
  as soon as i got it wiggling a little bit i 'd keep forcing it until it came off . 
  that crunching sound and feeling of the tooth finally moving is still probably the most pleasure i can imagine . 
  it hurt but it felt ** so good ** . 
  i also like how he completely collapses under the table, 
  like other people in the thread already pointed out : you would n't know even if icefrog stopped working on dota 2 years ago, 
  yes , it was the hardest object i owned at that age . 
  but more than chewing i focused on using it like a tool because my fingers would get sore from the constant pushing and pulling . 
  / r/wtf is still one of the most popular subreddits even if it is n't default . 
  people want to see this shit , it brings a lot of visitors to the site, 
   we essentially had a cuss word on the default ` front page of the internet ', 
  lol, 
  i thought you were offended by the gore or the mutilation or something but `` cuss word '' lololol, 
  you 'd think with the `` nsfw sub '' mechanic being native to reddit they could use that to give advertisers only visibility on sfw subs if they wanted to, 
  walmart is n't fucking rubbish . 
  they might have an effect on local businesses that people are n't fond off but the stores themselves are fine . 
  if you 're looking for everyday shit like toilerpaper or soda i ca n't think of a better place to go to than walmart . 
  they 're even clean and well organized at least if you do n't go to a ghetto one . 
  it 's almost like he 's a regular human being and not a 15 year old portuguese flamer, 
  looks more like a pie than a pizza, 
  i 'd gladly eat it tho, 
   when i play carry, 
  easy for you to say when you can tank the mines, 
  try playing a support against techies when your entire team is constantly crying why you have no offensive wards and if you try to place them you get blown up half the time, 
  and then they cry why you do n't buy 9000 sentries with no farm, 
   people use hero 's names pretty commonly . 
  and every time it 's cringeworthy, 
  but that 's the ti prediction thing , the charm predictions do n't keep score of how many you have in a row, 
  unless of course they did both ( it only shows one at a time ), 
  at times like this i 'm glad i 'm not dank enough, 
  the game you 're thinking of is trackmania ( and its sequels ), 
  i do n't remember the last time i 've seen such a low speed free kick even from that location on a ( men 's ) pro level . 
  slow balls curve more . 
  i 'm not calling the kick bad , because with positioning like that i 'm sure most men 's goalies would n't have caught that but imo men tend to put more power into their kicks most likely because you ca n't rely on a spin like this happening every time . 
  nothing shitty about this, 
  i do n't see a goalie reaching that either but just 10cm lower or to the right and having that additional power would make a world of difference, 
  seems about right, 
  i do n't want to hate on anyone but if your rank is low enough you ca n't get into mm maybe you should n't be doing overwatch cases ( yes i 'm aware people play faceit etc. ), 
  why call it `` competetive '' if it 's not competetive rules ? 
  amateur football or hockey or basketball etc. 
  leagues do n't have easier rules just because the players are n't pro . 
  do n't play competetive unless you want the competetive ruleset , and imo it 's your own fault if you 're in a competetive match without a 5 stack . 
  also faceit uses 1:45 / 35 with no issues in a pug environment . 
  yeah i play more faceit than mm but sometimes when we 're forced into mm the general attitude among my friends is `` do n't bother with the bomb , you have to kill 5 to win anyway '' . 
  45s is a disgrace to cs . 
   but that was fine , because there were no skin drops , xp , rankings or other integrations . 
  in csgo now we are reliant on the provided modes because these features are exclusive to them . 
  how about play the game for the game , not the skin drops , xp or rankings ? 
   in unranked you can play all others but you have same elo rating for all modes, 
  to be clear , it 's the same ranking system , but it 's not the same rank . 
  dota has 4 different mmr 's per player : ranked solo , ranked party , unranked solo , unranked party . 
  the unranked games do n't affect your ranked mmr and vice versa , but unranked despite it 's name still uses a ranking system just like ranked does , it 's just invisible . 
  while it 's an excellent system for dota i do n't know if it 'd work for cs since casual ( granted i 've never touched the game mode ) seems to be for players who want to play for 5-15 minutes with no commitment . 
  dota 2 unranked still queues , places you into a game and has punishments for abandoning . 
  it 's like matchmaking but without the visible rank flair since some people get anxious when their rank is on the line . 
  the game already has joke modes like arms race and valve dm etc. 
  if people really want 10v10 casual i see no problem adding it in that category . 
  forcing new players to play a game mode that has nothing to do with the actual game they paid for and want to get to play is ridiculous . 
  most do n't, 
  it 's better than bf3 or bf4 but it 's hardly worth it unless you 're really into the mp ( which is great ), 
  pinning slaves against each other in gladiator fights was state/local government sanctioned entertainment for thousands of years . 
  are you saying everyone was crazy before your enlightened generation and the few before it came along ? 
  where i grew up the city installed swings had 10cm thick metal pipes much like the green pipe in the gif and they were rooted in the ground with big cement `` anchors '' a bulldozer had to dig a hole for . 
  if it 's anything like that those things would easily work with 1 leg off . 
  probably 3 legs off . 
   but they are n't focused on improving the graphics at the moment . 
  while it 's true that source 2 does n't directly improve the graphics i would n't be surprised if they updated some textures with the engine change and hype they 're building around it . 
  they 've replaced some of the lower res hero textures before , many originally from early beta before all the high poly hats, 
  it 's like 1.49 at steam sale, 
  to be fair copy-pasting a front end menu ui would be a whole lot easier than anything in the actual game, 
   it 's never gone below $ 5, 
  then tell me how i got 3 smurfs for 5 euros ? 
  yes, 
  that 's a damn lie . 
  maybe this sale but it 's been on the flash sales or whatever they called them before . 
  my friend bought something like 50 accounts when the drops for watching majors were a brand new thing and ran them on virtual machines . 
  i did n't do that but i got myself some smurfs same time as him when it was lowest, 
  i see you 're new to finnish football, 
  flash sales never go lower than daily deals ? 
  this `` discount '' is the price i paid on launch ( on steam ) . 
  i 'd be surprised if it really does n't come down at all,
