  without a gap or tobacco the paper starts burning when there 's still weed left and i do n't want to inhale the paper smoke nor waste good trees, 
  yeah i actually first had the roach moving instead of the joint but i was pretty high and it looked weird so i changed it and forgot to add an arrow or something, 
  i do n't want the roach paper to burn while there 's still good weed left, 
  this way you do n't have to inhale the smoke from the burning roach paper while there 's still perfectly good weed left, 
  pretty sure it 's her, 
  anybody mention circlejerk yet ? 
  also ** the game **, 
  angelina crow and rocco, 
  every week with this shit, 
  actually sfw, 
  can i still hate omg !!, 
  me at a [ 10 ] lolz !, 
  but enjoy the others ? 
  that 's obviously not an american cop car . 
  in many countires they often do n't cuff you if you 're not resisting at all . 
  squirtle should have been highest, 
  because the meatballs were delicious as well and last night 's leftovers . 
  besides the lamb was kinda small . 
  i ate them separately but why would you call homemade meatballs awful ? 
  e. [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nrlrj.jpg ) the same lamb without meatballs for you, 
  i drink milk with everything, 
  i rubbed it in olive oil and some spices , cut a wedge for the pesto and cooked it on a pan with the vegetables for a few minutes . 
  why would someone downvote this, 
  i was talking about the legitimate question not the food but thanks :p, 
  why not ? 
  well there is n't really a recipe for this . 
  slice shit up , put it on a pan , serve . 
  aside from the meatballs but i ca n't share that recipe :p, 
  there is n't much i can tell you , you just pretty much have to try until you get it right . 
  i use a hot pan with lots of olive oil and flip the food often but not too often . 
  the important things are how you cut them and the ( seperate ) timing of each vegetable, 
  downvote . 
  because fuck you that 's why . 
  modern game this modern game that . 
  this has always been as annoying , in fact old games used to make you watch a lot more shit before gameplay . 
  there were n't updates but that was n't always a good thing, 
  options -  load multiplayer by default . 
  it takes 5 seconds from desktop/dashboard/ps menu to in-game . 
  no logos at all . 
  it 's one of the best modern games regarding start up . 
  so much loading, 
  do n't download crappy releases from crappy release groups ( not teams ) . 
  why did you deliberately slow down the xbox360 by selecting it boots to dashboard and not directly to the game like the nes did ? 
  i 'm definitely one of the 100 % that like this, 
  i was coming here to bitch about 50min/20mi being impossible but then i noticed it was an exercise bike and not a treadmill, 
  of course i would n't serve that at a restaurant but i was eating home ( forever ) alone, 
  those are 2 separate options, 
  most pictures in the world consist of green blue and/or yellow, 
  i 've used diamond only since i first found some, 
  i 'm in, 
  sauce, 
  first !!!, 
  should we have a special skin pack or are the buildings just going to be made out of wool, 
  that 's the joke, 
  * `` i would have written a shorter letter , but i did not have the time . 
   however , staying true to life , for the guns that usually have semi/auto selectors , should n't the game support this, 
  the dice people have always emphasized that balance and gameplay comes before realism . 
  however i understand that you will be able to switch the fire mode with certain weapons, 
  what about the mansion in the middle, 
  also , why not just have the two of them on the same server but just build one first and then expand , you would n't have to worry about bridges meeting if you jut built them from one side, 
  all american dubstep is brostep, 
  how about a modified default pack , we could make wool look more like a wall while still keeping the colours, 
  paralympics = real athletes with physical disabilities ( loss of arm , legs etc ), 
  special olympics = bunch of retards running around and everyone gets an award, 
  chicago ? 
  i thought the exactly same thing, 
  that red plasticy crap has nothing to do with real liquorice, 
  i do n't have a favourite album and do n't give a shit what you are thinking of enjoying but give me mario now, 
  you were n't raped . 
  talk louder next time . 
  i believe you should have the right to do whatever to your own tubes and everything but `` what about your boyfriend or future husband ? 
  what if they want children ? '', 
  ! = `` what if a man wants you to give him children someday ? '', 
  no i do n't think it 's the same thing . 
  i just think you love to feel offended like most of the women on this subreddit so you 're reading into things way too much . 
  also you need to learn to take a stand , it 's taken you 7 years to achieve . . nothing ? 
  just convince one ( 1 ) single doctor . 
  should n't be too hard . 
  no actually i was being serious . 
  my other 2xc post of the night about rape or some shit was a lazy attempt at riling shit up . 
  only a noob would play counter-strike with music on . 
  headset , communication and foodsteps . 
  how about [ r/picsofdeadjailbait ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/picsofdeadjailbait ), 
  if you go anywhere outside the usa or the middle east that 's a long ass prison sentence . 
  in finland he 'd get 5-6 years . 
  murderers get 10-13 , rapists can walk with instant parole . 
  the difference is your tattoo is cool, 
  no skype mc nappamuna, 
  c men representing, 
  [ sauce ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7iid90m9ba ), 
  what was mm11 like for you ? 
  did you follow a lot of hockey in canada ? 
  because 80 's and color, 
  people hate it but in the great country of finland the courts do n't give a fuck, 
  there 's sauce posted already, 
  if you 've never played bf2 it 's great but so is vietnam and its hard to give up frostbite, 
  i think something vice city related would be nice seeing as how that 's what brought us together . 
  also it 's an awesome game, 
  source ? 
  been there .
