  if you play big minutes in a good team there 's a reason . 
   i was countering your implication that because laine won the wjcs + finnish league that makes his stock as a player increase . 
  it does n't . 
  of course it does . 
  why on earth would a player showcasing his abilities and leading his team to victory not increase his stock ? 
  just because it 's a team game does n't mean individuals do n't matter . 
  especially when he was n't just a name on the roster but a prolific scorer in both cases . 
  do you think winning the stanley cup does n't increase a player 's stock for trade or contract negotiations for the next seasons ? 
  because it clearly does . 
   apparently everyone must like pc or they 're a peasant ... 
  well that is pretty much the entire point of this sub like it or not . 
  even the sidebar has this :, 
   you do n't necessarily need a pc to be a member of the pcmr . 
  you just have to recognize that the pc is objectively superior to consoles as explained here . 
  4-5 months is pretty fucking long . 
  it does n't console me in the slightest that `` eventually they 'll lose their accounts '' . 
  that does n't give me back the time i had to play against a hacker . 
  vac ban is permanent per game . 
  so until dota 3 gets released . 
  yeah and 99 % of the fanbase is condifent that the pick will be matthews which it most likely will . 
  having construction is a good thing . 
  it means they 're at least working on improving the roads . 
  i know but 4-5 months is a really fucking long time . 
  these hacks bring out new versions faster than that even without banwaves . 
  hi every1 im new !!!!!!!, 
  holds up spork my name is katy but u can call me t3h pengu1n of d00m !!!!!!!!, 
  lol ... as u can see im very random !!!!, 
  thats why i came here , 2 meet random ppl like me _ ... im 13 years old ( im mature 4 my age tho !! ), 
  i like 2 watch invader zim w / my girlfreind ( im bi if u dont like it deal w/it ) its our favorite tv show !!!, 
  bcuz its soooo random !!!!, 
  shes random 2 of course but i want 2 meet more random ppl  like they say the more the merrier !!!!, 
  lol ... neways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so give me lots of commentses !!!!, 
  dooooommmm !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  love and waffles ,, 
  4-5 months was these particular guys using it . 
  who knows how long it had been out there before that . 
  most people have dynamic ip 's . 
  switching your ip takes a whole lot less effort and time than those 100ish unranked games you have to grind through with a new account . 
  the message i replied to specifically said `` must like pc '' though . 
   what toronto goggles we have the first pick it 's our choice of player . 
  and everyone knows the choice is already made so the fans are already telling themselves it 's the right one . 
  oh look it 's a toronto flair . 
  what a coincidence . 
  nothing gay about a brojob, 
  i really do n't give a fuck about my mmr being re-adjusted . 
  i care about the time i wasted . 
   being in the sphere of influence of another country does n't mean they will annex you . 
  `` sphere of influence '' is just a polite word for annexing . 
  if you simply look at [ the map ] (, 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4c/ribbentrop-molotov.svg/1052px-ribbentrop-molotov.svg.png ) you can see literally every other piece of land designated to be in the `` soviet sphere of influence '' got annexed by 1940 . 
  she literally has white knights combing through internet search engines and sites like reddit and taking down all content with her name on it . 
  try reposting op 's picture with her real name and see if the submission lasts 12 hours . 
  it 's one of my favourite cars of all time but i just ca n't get over that fugly coloring on the emblem . 
  well yeah obviously some slip through but if you search reddit with her full name you get 10 results total . 
  from all time . 
  and i think i see her on my front page every other day without even looking for them . 
  it costs almost 2.5 times as much while offering nowhere near twice the processing power . 
  why are you surprised it gets a lower score when it 's all about performance for price ? 
  yes they would . 
  there is n't just one site out there offering cheats . 
  they also compete with one another . 
  there are people who create and sell cheats for a living and all the competitors offer a different list of features . 
  pay 2 win, 
  that 's a really fucking stupid lesson . 
  and you accept them because ? 
  is n't the top image just the icon you see in-game ? 
  i remember buying that chest ( pun not intended ) as many times as necessary until i got this . 
  but `` these people '' are obviously people able to comment on her pictures, 
  we learned about plasma in middle school, 
  / r/hardcoreaww, 
  meme magic, 
  upvoted for :d, 
  yeah i think associating belgium with waffles is purely an american thing . 
  the url literally means `` booze from the shore '' meaning you do n't even have to leave the port, 
   ( 300 meters from terminals a , b & c ; 100 meters from terminal d ) . 
   if they were absolutely identical and had no one outside the family who could pick up on it, 
  that 's not really necessary if the school year has n't even started yet . 
  honestly if there was something like a scholarship involved and the family was poor and had this opportunity to get a good education for their remaining child i could believe this happening . 
  til not letting a good college education go to waste is really fucking retarded . 
   then i flunked out of that college . 
  then my parents committed suicide because they dropped $ 300k on a stupid ruse . 
  getting into a prestigious college is much harder than it is to hang in there as long as you show up to class and do the work required . 
  the classes themselves are n't that different from any other college and unless it 's some obscure major it should n't be too hard to pick up if you commit to it assuming the first semester had n't even started yet . 
  i understood that but a lot of people move across the country to go to college anyway especially if it 's a prestigious school so she could theoretically just `` start a new life '' with her sister 's name without any need to mimic her . 
  cutting ties with old friends kinda goes with the whole stealing an identity thing . 
  yes she would have to take her name and ssn but she would n't have to copy her personality or mannerisms . 
  she could just continue living as previously but under a new name . 
  getting to a prestigious college is much more difficult than passing the classes if you put any effort into it . 
  just because these schools use their reputation to get the best students does n't mean the curriculum is that different to any other college . 
  blizzard at the cutting edge of technology, 
  i talked about downloading the overwatch beta for 5 days but instead just played a dozen games of dota . 
  we have the same computer chair, 
  maybe if you were n't a teenage girl you could browse the internet on a real pc, 
  she has huge boobs already i do n't see the point in making them 4x bigger, 
  yes ? 
  i love the addition of the last pic . 
  it 's exactly what i think every time i see these builds `` in the end it 's just a black box '' . 
  i mean i 'm running games at 1920x1200@60hz and i wish i had a better card than the 970 . 
  not that it is n't amazing for its price because it is . 
  i just wish i had a more expensive one .
