  the 2nd greatest nation does n't need to be helped . 
  imo there are a lot more important factors than `` military dominance '' especially in an era of peace . 
  like quality of living or human rights and all that . 
  because microsoft points already expire and have for a long time before the release of xbone . 
  it 's not talked about much and i 'm not sure of the timeframe but you see a post about it every now and then if you read xbox forums or subreddits . 
  but nobody wants a wii u. 
  it was shit before e3 and it 's shit now . 
  it 's silly how now it 's suddenly the new cool thing to praise wii u on / r/gaming simply because microsoft is sucking so many bals . 
  a community for 14 minutes, 
  i 'm gon na guess your # 80 netbook does n't have a 27 '' screen nor does it run as smoothly as mine does though, 
  yeah but 3,99 of those are japanese who do n't have souls and thus ca n't be considered people and the 0,01 simply falls within margin of error, 
  or just break the pills into smaller bits ? 
   different cultures use different symbols for the decimal mark . 
  the choice of symbol for the decimal mark also affects the choice of symbol for the thousands separator used in digit grouping , so the latter is also treated in this article . 
   countries using arabic numerals with decimal point, 
   countries where a dot '' . '', 
  is used to mark the radix point include :, 
   australia , botswana , british west indies , brunei , canada ( except province of quebec ) , dominican republic , guatemala , honduras , hong kong , india , ireland , israel , japan , kenya , korea ( both north and south ) , lebanon , luxembourg ( uses both marks officially ) , macau ( in chinese and english text ) , malaysia , malta , mexico , mongolia , nepal , new zealand , nicaragua , nigeria , pakistan , panama , peru , people 's republic of china , philippines , singapore , sri lanka , switzerland , taiwan , tanzania , thailand , uganda , united kingdom , united states ( including insular areas ) , zimbabwe . 
   countries using arabic numerals with decimal comma, 
   countries where a comma '' , '' is used to mark the radix point include :, 
   albania , andorra , argentina , armenia , austria , azerbaijan , belarus , belgium , bolivia , bosnia and herzegovina , brazil , bulgaria , cameroon , canada ( only province of quebec ) , chile , colombia , costa rica , croatia ( comma used officially , but both forms are in use elsewhere ) cuba , cyprus , czech republic , denmark , ecuador , estonia , faroes , finland , france , germany , georgia , greece , greenland , hungary , iceland , indonesia , italy , kazakhstan , kirgistan , latvia , lebanon , lithuania , luxembourg ( uses both marks officially ) , macau ( in portuguese text ) , macedonia , moldova , mongolia , morocco , netherlands , norway , paraguay , poland , portugal , romania , russia , serbia , slovakia , slovenia , south africa ( officially [ 15 ] ) , spain , switzerland , sweden , tunisia , turkey , ukraine , uruguay , uzbekistan , venezuela , vietnam . 
   i used to say `` anyways '' too but it 's actually incorrect . 
  [ you used to use anyways and think it was correct ? 
  i always thought it was like a joke to say anyways . 
  so how the fuck does finland have the least police officers per capita in the entire europe when our homicide rate for example ( also per capita ) is more than double that of sweden or denmark and 3,5 x what norway has ? 
  or more than double that of italy , france , germany or spain for example if you wan na look at countries that are n't our neighbours . 
  so what the fuck is a `` white onion '' ? 
  the wikipedia page has very little information and so do rest of the google results . 
  does it have a latin name or something ? 
  could [ these onions ] ( http://www.pirkka.fi/sites/default/files/styles/max_width_800/public/products/marsu_1620_2_jpg.jpg ) we call `` silver onions '' be what english people call white onion ? 
  in my language garlic is called `` white onion '' . 
  yeah this is kinda 50/50 . 
  on one hand i 'd be stoked to get all that for $ 300 . 
  but then again i would n't really pay more than $ 300 for all that . 
  that does n't look like the goty or complete edition or whatever the fuck it 's called though . 
  but are n't those yellow onions ? 
  i said seems like , not is . 
  i have no proof to back it up , just the general feeling i 've gotten from him from watching every homestory cup since hsc ii . 
  he very well might not be a dick , it 's simply the impression he gives or an aura around him or whatever the fuck you wan na call it . 
  and / r/trees is the only subreddit where it does n't get downvoted to hell . 
  a lot of people actually use some sort of `` scalp wax '' to make it shiny . 
  that 's probably not the correct term but you get the point . 
  basically car wax for human heads . 
  doom & destiny looks cool , like final fantasy . 
  i 'll check it out . 
  been there done that . 
  i 'm honestly so glad i got a 920 , some androids maybe could 've sustained what i 've already done to my phone but an iphone would be shattered to pieces . 
  god damn sweatpant pockets and hardwood floors . 
  you can respond to it even if the bot commented to someone else and it 'll still play you , 
  the public transportation software . 
  though i do n't know if it works as well in other places than finland , but it finland it 's fucking amazing . 
  i have nothing wise to say . 
  just felt like i needed to leave a comment to commemorate your amazing accomplishment http://gifwall.net/gif/gw-kafsk.gif, 
  individually or as a bundle ? 
  individually i think you could make about $ 250 - $ 300 easily . 
  as a bundle maybe $ 175 but more likely under $ 150 . 
  you never heard of sending money from one bank account to another ? 
  that 's how most used game sales are done at least in my experience . 
   5 and r can be whatever the situation needs ( ghosts , another drop etc. ), 
  i believe my repair button is c, 
  it 's fine . 
  only thing that happens is it gets a little hard but chewy salmiakki is great . 
  wtf is going on with america ? 
  i 've never heard of a wire transfer costing money , where i live the worst thing possible is having to wait two or three days if your accounts are n't in the same bank . 
  i played the shit out of victoria 1 and even reinstalled it a while ago when it was released in the app store . 
  i should probably try out victoria 2 though i heard it was `` casualized '' . 
  it 's already posted somewhere in the comments, 
  as someone who smokes both i did n't know there 's a difference . 
   if you have n't showered in the morning , then everyone that was close to you on the bus , the elevator , the office , the queue for starbucks , etc. , knows . 
  you do realize the comment thread you 're responding to clearly states ** when they 're not going anywhere **, 
  why do you go to other people 's homes to smell them ? 
  the entire discussion is about not showering when not going anywhere . 
  usually after 4-5 days my genitals get a little scratchy and i take a shower even if i 'm not going anywhere . 
  which was a response to and a continuation of thought from `` who showers when they 're not going anywhere ? '' . 
  that 's what the `` all lifestyles '' is referring to . 
  yeah it 's not . 
  one wants to open a window and the other is fighting not to . 
  every night . 
  does your internet browser not let you visit more than one site ? 
   seriously who the fuck can sleep soundly on nicotine ? 
  i sleep every night with snus in my mouth . 
  sometimes i even wake up in the of the night and switch it to a new one before going back to sleep . 
  goaltender interference is a penalty . 
  you ca n't review penalties . 
  only whether the puck crossed the line , high stick or kicking . 
  basically was it a goal and was the goal scored in an allowed way , not did a reason for a penalty occur . 
  more ot = more hockey \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  well to be honest who does n't like stats ? 
  actually it 's quite common in many supermarkets . 
  the doors opening on different sides depending on the floors . 
  that 's what i thought of immidiately as well . 
  there are a bunch of great videos on youtube where they take an old beetle or something a put a porsche engine in it , then get people to race them . 
  great now i 'm hungry, 
  yeah i have to admit a lot of how victoria 1 handed the population was pretty stupid . 
  and how you could ( = had to ) abuse it to optimize it . 
  i ca n't remember exactly but basically having 4x10k pops was 4 times as effective as 1x40k pop of the same kind or something , they 'd only get more effective during certain intervals like 10k , 50k , 100k etc. 
  if it was a lumia those dark areas would be better illuminated / rinkirunkku, 
  they should leave all these promotional backgrounds as options in the menu . 
  the old dates do n't matter , it 's like having a poster or a tour t-shirt or something . 
  because i like having a badass cool picture as the background in the game rather than a wall of text ?
