  you sound like a ton of fun to be around, 
  i never said it 'd make it a valid reason . 
  i just pointed out how womyn always have to remember to mention their gender online while men do n't give a shit . 
  broadcasting your gender to everyone you happen to play with is n't `` not-hiding '' . 
  i have around 20 players on my csgo friend list , you could n't tell any of their genders by avatars or nicknames . 
  they 're not hiding they 're male . 
  i do n't care that you 're female . 
  that 's not the point and it 's not what irritates people about `` girl gamers '' . 
  it 's the fact that while most of men use unisex nicknames that even at their worst are along the lines of `` xxx360sniper95xxx '' women tend to have nicknames like samantha_the_cutie_pie or gurlgamer92 when being a woman has nothing to do with the game . 
  men have profile pics of funny dogs or their clan logo or something , women have selfies or if they 're fat it 's their `` soul mate '' or something aka . 
  what they think they 'd look like if they were n't fat . 
  i have no issue with girls playing video games , i hate it when they have to make a big deal out of being a girl when it has zero to do with the game . 
  and if you criticize their gaming performance you 're misogynist . 
  see also : http://static4.fjcdn.com/comments/well+in+videos+there+are.+but+when+there+is+no+_cd149b5506918d2d5c698a3fc1a7eff7.png, 
  they were n't bad if compared to other brainless action shooters . 
  they just had nothing to do with the actual series . 
  what about having a loaded magazine kept seperately from the weapon ? 
  i understand this can wear out the magazine but i 'm not sure in what time frame . 
  3 is the most accessible and in my opinion the best as well . 
  the first 2 were even more `` hardcore '' so some people prefer those but on a scale from 1-100 100 being rs1 and 0 being unreal tournament rs3 would still score about 95 on realism / `` hardcore '' scale . 
  vegas would be around 30-40 . 
  rs3 has held up really well . 
  i replayed the campaign about a year ago and it did n't feel `` old '' . 
  it just felt good . 
  i do n't know if there 's much of an online community anymore though so you might be limited to single player . 
  missions had a planning phase , you could control multiple teams and switch between each character , you died from 1-3 shots with no regen and injuries ( leg shots etc. ), 
  affect performance . 
  the biggest difference in my mind was that if you died in the originals you 'd switch to the next member of the team and keep playing the mission , in vegas you 'd get game over and restart . 
  funemployment !, 
  in finland we call it a `` bump '' . 
  we 're creative i know . 
  i 've only seen parts 1 & 2 but calling an ugly girl who 's desperate enough to do shitty low budget porn ugly is n't `` trolling '', 
  the ending was one of the worst i 've seen . 
  it 's a shame especially in a game which has such emphasis on the atmosphere and the world etc. 
  it was one of those games driven by plot ( and by plot i mean everything from emails in hacked computers to the world in general , not just cutscenes ) instead of gameplay so the ending was an even bigger disappointment than it would be in some standard shooter game . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  it only sucks because the game does n't perform as designed right now . 
  i was one of the first to download the update yesterday ( within 2 minutes of first info on reddit about the patch , i had a tab of all gta subreddits on auto-update :p ) and the servers had n't been overflowed yet so the tutorial was great . 
  i was completing a mission co-op with 4 players within minutes and learnt all the basics i needed to know . 
  i agree with things being like they are it sucks , but if the servers performed like they should i 'd prefer to play with people who have been forced to play the tutorial rather than people who think they `` already know it all '' because gtao has a lot of features single player does n't . 
  me too except today the missions stopped working . 
  i get `` mission failed '' every time . 
  i can still get into game no problems though and i 'm already level 14 or something . 
  she knows his reddit username, 
  why would that affect gas mileage in any noticeable way ? 
  subway has fries ? 
  remember a time when a closed beta that requires preorder was n't consider a `` good thing '' ? 
  what ? 
  did you manage to understand that as `` closed betas that you did n't get access to with preorder were better '' ? 
  because there 's no way i was referring to how a lot of games used to have open betas which served kind of like demos for a week or two so you could view a small portion of the game to decide whether you like it or not before buying it . 
  i realize video game companies do n't have to give out beta access at all . 
  i 'm not complaining about having a closed beta to preordereds , i just do n't think it 's something to get excited about or advertise like it 's a great thing . 
  an open beta would be a great thing . 
  i remember lots of games having open betas . 
  hell , i put probably 50 hours into cod5 and i never bought nor pirated the game . 
  samurai castle ftw . 
  i 'm not really complaining about bungie offering the beta to preorderers as obviously they do n't have to do it and anything is better than nothing . 
  i just do n't think early access for people who 've paid or agreed to pay beforehand is an amazing thing to be excited about . 
  an open beta would be . 
  it 's not . 
  i ca n't understand how so many people interpreted this as `` closed betas with no access to preorderes were better than closed betas with access to preorderers '' . 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  what i was saying was open betas are better than closed betas . 
  i remember getting hyped about open betas , playing a game free for about a week and then buying a product i did n't even plan buying because of the open beta . 
  i realize you ca n't expect every developer to give out open betas , and i do n't . 
  i just do n't think any sort of closed beta ( even ones you can pay to get into ) is something to advertise as a `` good thing '' . 
  it 's just a mediocre neutral thing . 
  an open beta is something to celebrate . 
   bungie 's not obliged to give such easy access to the beta, 
  so you read my post and counter argumented with exactly the same thing that i said ? 
  i 'm not saying a closed beta or a closed beta you can pay to get in is a bad thing . 
  not at all . 
  it 's better than nothing . 
  i just do n't think it 's something to get excited about or advertise like an open beta would be . 
  open betas are great . 
  closed betas to preorderers are a neutral thing . 
  having `` early access '' when you 've already paid for the game is n't really that amazing once you think about it . 
  they 've set the release date anyway , it 's not like it 's some universal law . 
  giving people access before that release date if they agree to pay is ok . 
  but it 's just that . 
  i 'm not complaining but i 'm not praising either . 
  i 'm neutral . 
   not even . 
  they 're just glorified demos . 
  exactly . 
  and how do you feel about pre-ordering aka . 
  committing to pay or even paying for the full game beforehand to get access to the demo ? 
  games do n't have demos anymore like they used to , now the same purpose is filled by `` betas '' . 
  that 's why i do n't think having to pay for a beta is good . 
  it 's not the end of the world and i 'm not complaining , i just do n't think it 's a thing to advertise as something positive . 
  shit i even googled that word you used in the original comment and for the life of me could n't understand your point . 
  now it makes more sense . 
  he did call it a `` good detail '' . 
  what 's even more sad to me is that the title and the article says `` nearly all mobile device makers '' and not a single phone by nokia was even included in the test . 
  it was only 5 years ago that nokia was the biggest mobile phone manufacturer in the world . 
  the patriot inside me just shed a single tear . 
  when was the last time you saw a thread on / r/apple that was n't ? 
  i 'm typing this on an imac and think highly of many apple products but this sub can be embarrassing to read . 
  you did n't get the full game + 6 bonus cars . 
  you got the full game .
