  unless she was unconsious she was responsible for her actions . 
  i do n't care if it was the first time and how high she got . 
  weed does n't make you forget you have a boyfriend and just have random sex . 
  it does n't . 
  it might lower your inhibitions and make you more vulnerable to urges , but us humans are on the top of the food chain because we learnt to control those urges . 
  i 'm doing neither of those things . 
  there has yet to be a mention of the lack of consent . 
  to me it seems you 're presuming all men are guilty of rape until proven otherwise . 
  having sex with multiple partnerts is not a crime . 
  multiple people having sex with someone ** against his/her will ** is a crime . 
  there was no specification which of these situations it was . 
  in my book everyone is innocent until proven guilty . 
  ! = means not the same as . 
  we agree . 
  1st line had a bad season . 
  it happens , at least they got it a little bit together towards the end . 
  they 're all still relatively young ( 25,26,27 ) and definitely all star level players . 
  3rd and 4th have tons of young talent . 
  i hope they get the whole package working again next season and bring over vatanen . 
  i do n't think there 's any need for a rebuild just because they have 2 veterans , one of which their leading scorer and another who 's going to keep feeding those passes for $ 3m . 
  and also doing a ton of work less visible but crucial . 
   it 's probably because the stat collection could n't work on pc, 
  what ? 
  bf2 had great stat collection 7 years ago . 
  it 's just like bf3, 
  the first thing i did after buying fifa12 was disable the commentary . 
  i did the same thing in 11 . and 10 . and 09 though i had played 09 for ~ 100 matches before buying it , more than enough for me . 
  music + sfx ftw, 
  not a day has gone by that i would had regretted not adding my mom or dad on facebook, 
  no that 's just some random guy off the leaderboard on the front page, 
  life is too short and i 'm too poor to consider hypothetical questions like this . 
  i would n't have to think twice . 
  and i definitely would n't post it on reddit . 
  if it belongs to a business it 's probably insured anyway . 
  i guess i 'm just an asshole but to me this would be exactly the same as winning the lottery ( not a jackpot obviously ) . 
  i could n't care less about who lost it . 
  paper full of this shit . 
  it 's the truth . 
  and i 'm not afraid to admit it . 
  i should n't have to do ten times the amount of work to get something legally vs. getting it illegally . 
  that 's bad customer service . 
  i 'm not trying to justify piratism , because frankly i do n't give a shit about moral dilemmas etc. 
  i just like playing games either way . 
   how hard did you look ? 
  obviously harder than it would be to pirate it since he went to two different sites . 
  i 'm not trying to justify piratism or anything but getting a product legally and in exchange for money should be easier than getting it illegally . 
  i 'm going to keep pirating stuff ( mainly tv/movies ) because it 's easy . 
  i do n't really give a shit if it 's morally acceptable etc. 
  if i had a friend who brought a loaf of bread to my front door every day for free i 'd eat that bread instead of walking to the store to get another . 
  why ? 
  because it 's easier and the end result is the same . 
  why are you people always talking about justification ? 
  who gives a shit about `` justification '' . 
  there is n't some magical karma police out there checking your every move and giving you compensation if it 's `` justified '' . 
  i 'm simply talking about bad customer service costing the companies money in the sense of lost customers . 
  no , i would n't and that 's one of the key points . 
  it would make absolutely no difference to me . 
  i do n't know enough about the possible negotiations ( it 's reasonable to assume at least disney considered going with steam or origin but was n't happy with the figures ) to accurately place blame but basically it 's the publishers responsibility to attract customers , so yeah disney . 
  maybe not asking for it but they should definitely be prepared to see worse sales and raised piratism the harder they make the game to obtain legally . 
  i found out you can get an organ donor card online for free . 
  took me like 20 seconds to fill so now i 'm an organ donor . 
  do n't know where that card is though ... 
  he also did n't much believe in women 's rights . 
  it took my computer about 45 seconds to open the newspaper after the redditor issue 7 coming right up, 
  i know that did n't use to be much but i could 've seen 20 pictures of cats in that time, 
  i 've found that usually the answer that does n't have any of the exact words from the text is usually the correct one . 
  especially in foreign langugages . 
  it 's friday i 'm drunk and high and english is my 3rd language sorry, 
  thumb, 
  idk it 's a ton of weed . 
  the first time i was this much weed i was stoked . 
  no need to hate . 
  they 're not downvoting because they do n't accept gay marriage but because it was a joke in the first place, 
  my autistic brother feels like at the zoo, 
  why not just brother, 
  quadcore 3ghz 12gb ram 100mbit connection, 
  i just played a game to get any clip and these were the first kills of the round so it 's not supposed to be that impressive or anything . 
  i 'm just confused as to why it looks and sounds so glitchy , played just fine on my xbox and friend 's xbox as well . 
  my / r/trees redirects to [ r/trees + treecomics + woahdude + stonerengineering + stonerprotips ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/trees+treecomics+woahdude+stonerengineering+stonerprotips ), 
  upside : all at once , white background, 
  downsite : white background, 
  fixed ? 
  why, 
  it 's just mayo and barbeque sauce mixed together :p, 
  i do n't have a hard drive , could that be an issue ? 
  black ops did n't even let you render without an hdd . 
  it 's funny you mentioned packet loss , i uploaded this vid a while back ( and forgot about it since it did n't show up immidiately ) and i did use to struggle with packet loss until i fixed something called ip flood . 
  not sure if this was before or after the fix , i 'll try to upload it again . 
  european leagues and iihf games have adopted the nhl style commercial breaks in the last 5 or so years . 
  granted they 're limited to 2 per period and like 45 seconds each but still it 's not that much less than when watching nhl . 
  finland is a small country . 
  they need money any way they can get . 
  the league fucked up and sold the tv rights to pay channels about 10 years ago which immidiately lead to no one giving a fuck about the league except hardcore fans . 
  i used to watch sm-liiga almost every day . 
  now i just follow nhl since it 's easier . 
  if my team makes the play-offs or there 's a local rivalry game i might get tickets but overall i could n't care less who wins the season ( unless it 's my team ) . 
  growing up all the boys would talk about the hockey game last night , now people talk about nhl highlights from youtube and generally the interest towards hockey ( outside the world cup/olympics time ) is much lower . 
  they do and it sucks . 
  i have a [ hifk jersey ] ( http://hifk.fi/images/uploads/uutiset/syyskuunpelaaja.jpg ) and it 's exactly as in that picture . 
  i 'm wondering if i could undo the stiching on the ads without doing damage to the jersey,
