  the episode is less than a week old and it was a pretty memorable line . 
  are you the kind of person who 's on reddit and facebook on their phone and doing laundry while watching tv and then complain when they do n't understand the plot ? 
  spoilers dude . 
  i 've seen it , but that would 've pissed me off if i had n't . 
  just crush the windpipe . 
  no need to keep strangling or checking pulses . 
  you do realize what a stereotype means , right ? 
  ( no i 'm not calling you dumb . 
  please do n't get offended . ), 
  if it did n't take place often , it would n't be a stereotype . 
  just because there is a certain person who does n't fit to a stereotype does n't mean the stereotype is automatically invalid . 
  the whole reason people are against stereotypes is because they group up people that have nothing in common . 
  not because the stereotypes are wrong , because they are n't . 
  the fact that there is one black guy ( or ten million black guys ) who do n't fit into a stereotype does n't mean the stereotype is n't true . 
  i 'm not saying it is true , just that your method of reasoning is illogical . 
  `` germany boy '' may be cringeworthy but it 's not racism . 
  also the comment about the autobahn is actually relevant , since many of them do n't have speed limits . 
  he was n't paying attention to the speed limit , he was driving like he was on an autobahn . 
  but we 've already agreed that pre-ordering unreleased games is stupid as well . 
  you 're defending your stupidity with `` well , i could do even worse '' . 
  you were a pretty stupid however many year old if you felt like broadcasting and identifying by it . 
  and i love weed . 
  the emotions i experience for not having a companion such as alison brie in my life . 
  well i 'm finnish with some swedish friends and i 've heard it used by both . 
  especially in sweden they love all english sayings but this one is more widely used elsewhere as well in my experience . 
  but he talked to girls !, 
  real girls with peeholes instead of weiners . 
  that takes some courage . 
  legendary thread . 
  what if i ca n't afford a car ? 
  why does this one and the other one show me different colours at exactly the same time ? 
  if i google the color codes it appears op 's link is the one that 's correct . 
  the vietcong did n't fight the americans because they did n't like americans . 
  they fought americans because they were a foreign military force on their soil . 
  what do you mean `` converting '' ? 
  op 's link just uses the time as a hex value . 
  this other one does n't seem to have any relation between the time and the color . 
  so it 's not really the same thing . 
  implying there 's time in reddit, 
  coke and pepsi is kind of a bad comparison as they have n't really changed their products in decades . 
  where as tesla wants more companies doing/financing r&d relating to this somewhat new techology . 
  makes sense, 
  oh i 've had it disabled as long as i 've had glance so almost a year now , i 'm thinking about enabling it . 
  it would be pretty useful as a bedside clock if i did n't have to touch it . 
  i was just wondering if it actually affects the service life ( wears out the screen ) like regular use would , because in that case not having to move my arm about once or twice a day is not worth having the screen lit up for 20 unnecessary hours . 
  i literally just deposited 10 more euros into my bus pass . 
  min.us works just fine . 
  the reason you think it 's slow is because it 's only used when a gif is too large for imgur and you have a shitty internet connection that struggles with such large gifs . 
  in every thread where an image is hosted on min.us people bitch about the same thing , and i 'm yet to see a min.us gif that would load slower than it plays . 
  i can keep hitting `` force refresh '' and it loads instantly each time . 
  that being said , gfycat is a better alternative now that html5 has become a valid option . 
  yeah same thing here , except the story we were told was it could force air through your skin and form bubbles under it which could cause serious damage to muscle tissue . 
  not sure if it was just an urban legend to scare us straight though . 
  i 'm just saying the problem is n't with min.us , it 's with large gif files . 
  min.us gets the hate because it 's one of the few free sites that allows you to upload large gif files when in reality they were doing a service . 
  well it 's not really that extraordinary . 
  it 'd be pretty difficult to find a country that did n't have a lot of its population migrate to the u.s at one point or another . 
  well he could block out his face , we do n't care about that anyway . 
  the link works just fine . 
  also alko has a large catalog of drinks they do n't normally keep in stock but if you want them you can have them delivered to your local alko for no extra cost . 
  you did n't have to do that before either . 
  isokaato.com has been listing the 20 % + selection/prices online for over a decade . 
  both arya and the hound are still alive ( and traveling together ) in the season 4 finale . 
  in a show that specializes in killing off main characters that 's a major spoiler . 
  it 's not . 
  you can find the tweet at the red wings page . 
  seems like the girl either deleted the tweets and her pictures or changed her name though . 
  not that uncommon when a picture of your embarassing tweet goes viral . 
  \\  best day ever, 
  \\  no foxy di, 
  not sure if srs, 
  so what 's the best free quality ? 
  no matter what i pick i get the same `` changing quality '' message ? 
  if it 's 360p there 's no way i 'm watching this . 
  really ? 
  well this is a welcome change to previous mlgs, 
  mlg.tv sure got a lot of unnecessary hate in the threads leading up to the event . 
  i heard adblock is blocked , ads ignore mute etc. 
  so far i have n't seen a single ad , the volume is consistent and overall i have no complaints . 
  even free 1080p . 
  very nice mlg . 
  people attracted to 16 year olds are n't pedophiles . 
  i recommend you re-read these articles, 
  attraction to women under the age of 18 is in no way unnatural . 
  15 + year olds are usually fully equipped to bear children . 
  just because your nation decided to outlaw sex with children under the age of 18 a hundred years ago does n't mean it 's sick and perverted to find 16 year olds attractive . 
  even ephebophile refers to people ** only ** attracted to adolescents under the age of 20 . 
  a 16-17 year old is usually ( unless she 's suffering from a medical condition ) fully able to bear children . 
  the idea that you should only mate with people over the age of 18 is extremely new in regard to human evolution or reproduction . 
  metrotube is better and it 's free . 
  yeah i did n't even realize this was an issue on some phones . 
  surprised to see this on top of my front page . 
  that 's a maltese ? 
  looks a lot like a west highland terrier . 
  [ drunk ], 
  if dead island is the best game out of any group that does n't seem like a very good group, 
  the very reason it 's not available in the uk is that it 's a british show . 
  they do n't have a business model in other countries , so they do n't give a shit if you watch it . 
  spend hours contemplating a genius idea . 
  realize later it 's already a fundamental part of modern society .
