  ios in the other hand sucks , so i have a nokia phone . 
  just because i own 2 macs does n't mean i ca n't still choose a superior product . 
  btw , those apple fanatics are the most annoying to us . 
  it 's like being mildly religious and reading about the westboro baptist church, 
  i do n't want to complain but i was kinda surprised too when it got 3 downvotes at first . 
  especially since i 've never seen the pic before, 
  i fucking hate people who say `` nothing '' when you ask them to repeat themselves, 
  is there any other language than finnish that uses the letter `` v '' as a symbol of age, 
  good thing we do n't see the face in the photo :p, 
  what kind of a suggestion is monty pyhton and the holy grail ? 
  a. everyone 's seen it like a dozen times, 
  b. it 's crap, 
  dr. pepper is like cherry coke except cherry coke tastes good, 
  it 's ironic how when you try to post this somewhere people go `` too long , not gon na watch it '', 
  banning on reddit is useless , takes 5 seconds to make a new account . 
  also , if an anonymous comment on the internet makes you kill yourself you probably were n't up to life anyway . 
  how is this underrated ? 
  it was all over the media/advertisements for like 6 months when it originally came out . 
  upvoted for `` splooge '', 
  spliff = weed and optionally tobacco in rolling paper, 
  joint = weed and optionally tobacco in rolling paper, 
  blunt = weed and optionally tobacco in cigar wrap, 
  where i live we 're not that picky, 
  is that a raisin ? 
  i do n't get it, 
  i live in finland and pot is definitely not decriminalized here like it says in # 9, 
  in big cities most cops do n't bother , but if you get an asshole one or live in the country they 'll prosecute your ass for a single joint, 
  same thing with finland, 
  that 's what i was thinking, 
  i watched the simpsons ** with ** my parents as a kid . 
  apparently there 's such a thing as `` a date palm '', 
  i watched that part over ten times and could n't see any trouble with disengaging, 
  because he does n't want to, 
  because it makes you mad, 
  this video is no longer available due to a copyright claim ... 
  now i see it , thanks, 
  i have tons of bandwidth but i do n't want my cpu running at full constantly with the fans going crazy . 
  this is bullshit . 
  if only it was funny, 
  if you do n't like it , you can geeeet out, 
  repost without the set-up in the title is a repost, 
  i fucking hate it when two people get in a fair fight and afterwards the winner `` assaulted '' the other one, 
  yeah i have but i was n't talking so much about this case as just expressing my anger at the term `` assault '' in general, 
  that looks like the best pizza ever, 
  how quickly does the cactus grow in that setup ? 
  do the torches have any effect on it ? 
  i would n't mind spilling my milk inside minnie, 
  this is what i expected , thanks, 
  how do you collect the cacti from a setup like this ? 
  i realize they 'll flow downstream but what makes them break or do you have to punch them from the ceiling manually ? 
  and by next to another block you mean the ceiling when the cacti grows to 3 blocks ? 
  because i do n't see anything next to them . 
  do they all fall or just the top one ? 
  also , i have sand everywhere but have only seen one cactus so far , is there a way to make them grow in the farm ? 
  or just `` plant '' 1 cacti and wait for the two more ? 
  yeah that 's nice and all , but it 's still kinda annoying to see the same reposts every week/month , even when browsing high, 
  how could somebody not know this, 
  when everything is running smoothly nuclear power is the greenest method ( aside from solarpower ) of generating power . 
  it 's just the ( ridiculously exaggerated ) risk of failure and emergency, 
  i know this is r/trees but i still would n't like my name and a picture of my face on the internet with a text that says i 'm high . 
  unless he posted this himself , which i doubt, 
  your dad is conserned about your health and his genetics and you ca n't answer a simple question because of your backward-ass american morals . 
  downvoted for being a dick, 
  where i come from everyone remembers the rules differently so we always write them all down before playing to avoid conflicts in the late game, 
  i saw it too man, 
  before even reading the title, 
  not everyone has a desert biome , have n't seen many cacti around in my world, 
   xbox, 
   ps3 media server, 
  i thought the same thing 6 months ago and i 'm glad i started . 
  you create your own world anyway ( preferably with friends though , multiplayer is so much more fun ) so who cares if it 's late , you just have more options from the beginning than long time users did when they started . 
  i just move a couple hundred blocks and start a new city , has worked out fine for me, 
  if your computer is close enought to your tv to be connected to the xbox via a usb cable then why not just hook up the computer to the tv ? 
  just this week i coughed into a joint , and i 've been smoking for years . 
  idk i simply felt no warning whatsoever , and it was pretty tightly packed ( not rolled by me ) so i had to suck real hard, 
  i got lucky because the weed only moved about 1/8 inches outwards without flying out, 
  that 's not e74, 
  e67 , e68 and e69 are hdd related errors, 
  wtf ? 
  [ here 's ] ( http://bbsimg.ngfiles.com/1/22042000/ngbbs4cdd9fba4c605.jpg ) a nice cross-section for you , hope it helps !, 
  if you stay out of pics and gifs the number drops dramatically, 
  used this as a model when making my own cactus harvester today , did n't copy but i still wanted to thank you, 
  she licked your blood , so what ? 
  if that makes a person in a relationship crazy in your mind then you 're the one that 's retarded, 
  yeah because everybody has enough money to work for free, 
  downvoted for douchyness, 
  does it really matter what you read , it 's not like the boss is going to actually start reading how it is you waste your time as long as it 's not work related, 
  i 've decapitated a cat once . 
  it ran in front of the car ( i was n't driving ) and the driver did n't have the guts to do it . 
  if you want details it 's rear body got squished under the tire and totally flattened . 
  was n't actually that difficult , i had a shovel, 
  i was okay with the story , but this shit right here . 
  it made me lose my appetite . 
  i 'm atheist and was brought up without religion but i know the feeling . 
  it 's not a panic attack , does n't have anything to do with shame or anything . 
  it 's just a feeling for wanting to relax quietly alone for a minute . 
  i think minecraft is the most relevant of them all, 
  this is what i get for forgetting this is an american site . 
  that shit would never be legal here , even if the computer is the company 's property . 
  just like with work emails .
