  try the cemetery , there 's good loot . 
  i could help you , just killed 4 kings on my sl11 earlier today . 
  not near my xbox but just beat the snipers yesterday on my sl11 . 
  want advice ? 
  time your run with the arrows ( duh ) . 
  i 'd still hold up my shield until after the `` tower '' halfway across where you 're safe from the left side archer . 
  once you get there , run full speed near the archer on the right , he 'll switch to his sword , turn around and run back . 
  he 'll chase you and fall off . 
  after that you can just walk to the finish line . 
  this is how i did it yesterday and got it on my 2nd try ( 1st try i did n't have my shield up in the early part ) . 
  op wants mp trophies to be `` kill 5 enemies '' or `` win a single game '' . 
  he said it himself in another comment . 
  he 's just bitching because he wants them to be as quick as possible . 
  if you just got to undead parish you should n't even be dreaming of killing that dragon . 
  yea sure add me gt : nappalive, 
  e. or actually you could just tell me where you want the sign , easier than typing on an xbox controller, 
  it 's even harder to believe there is n't a single negative comment or one questioning this ama 's validity until you scroll down to the 2 points or less . 
  i wonder how that happened . 
  odd , like i said i 've been building this twink for the past week or so and i have nearly a 100 sunlight medals at about 20 hours of play . 
  and it 's not like i 've even had a sign down all the time , mostly only when i wanted more humanity . 
  good luck having consensual sex with an 11 year old, 
  because in the year 2014 laws should be based on what politicians thought was important in 1789 . 
  i have default quality on youtube set to 1080p and i ** never ** have to wait for a video to play or buffer . 
  do n't blame youtube for your shitty internet connection . 
  and pretty damn accurate . 
  well i 'm not going to comment on whether it 's intelligent or not , but there 's no way i 'm gon na be watching ads in any form of media if there 's a way to avoid it with no downsides . 
  adblock user since 2006 , could n't even imagine using the internet without it . 
   since our founding fathers could n't predict the future we should just ban weapons that are n't muskets, 
  nobody said this . 
  a piece of paper from 1789 should hold no value either way . 
  i 'm actually pro-gun ( to a certain degree ) , but not because some politicians from over 200 years ago said it is a good idea . 
  the constitution is not holy writing . 
  it 's a deal between politicians full of compromises just like every deal between politicians ever made . 
  haha that does sound pretty fun . 
  good thing i bought 99 cracked red eye orbs before leaving darkwraiths . 
  variety is always welcome . 
   it is ` holy ' in the sense that we have n't ever had any better group of politicians since then - not even close . 
  lol, 
  you believe that , because you 've told that all your life . 
  by people who treat it as holy text and those politicians as prophets . 
  they were just men . 
  ordinary men who happened to be alive at that time . 
  yeah i did n't really read all of that but you 're right , i 'm a selfish cunt . 
  a selfish cunt who does n't have to waste his time watching ads because i do n't enjoy it . 
  deal with it . 
  well internet from a bad isp counts as a bad internet connection , does n't it ? 
  where i live there are net neutrality laws anyway . 
  an internet connection from a bad isp is a bad internet connection , is it not ? 
  yeah either youtube hd which was suggested below , but what i personally use is [ youtube center ] ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/youtube-center/ ) . 
  does that and a whole lot more . 
  for example i have my player size set so that the videos play at 1080p resolution at the correct 1080p size ( my screen is 1440p ) . 
  you can do the same thing with 720p if you have a smaller monitor . 
  and lots of other useful features . 
  the bill of rights is a part of the constitution . 
  how do you know better men have n't come along ? 
  did you actually know these people personally ? 
  it 's extremely common for history books to portray the `` founding fathers '' as semi-gods . 
  it 's not an american phenomenon . 
  because karma is just a guideline to living , not an actual rule of nature . 
  what i do personally has no effect on how many people pirate my creations . 
  with no downsides to me . 
  i 'm not taking the moral high ground , if anything the opposite . 
  i admit i 'm selfish . 
  me not having to wait 20 seconds is more important to me than some other guy i 'll probably never meet getting what he deserves . 
  no , just like in the gun issue we should ignore what was written in 1789 and make decisions based on facts today . 
  well if it makes you feel better go ahead . 
  some other guy i 'll never meet thinking i 'm a thief does n't really make much of a difference to me . 
  at least much less than having to wait 20 seconds for a youtube video would . 
  since i admitted it i do n't think bother is the word i 'd use . 
  well then the facts should speak for themselves and you should n't have to rely on a 200 year old document as your reasoning . 
  like i said i agree with the right to carry weapons to a certain degree . 
  i 'm not an anti-gun activist . 
  i just think the bill of rights is a stupid thing to base your argument on . 
  thank god for net neutrality laws . 
  i did n't say it 's `` bad '' or `` wrong '' because it 's 200 years old . 
  everything loses it 's validity over time . 
  something written 200 years ago may still apply , or it may be completely obsolete . 
  society has changed a lot in 200 years , especially in the u.s since it was and is such a new country . 
  that 's why something written 200 years ago should n't be used as a basis for your argument . 
  well i 've never heard of the phenomenon you describe so i just assumed it 's something you encounter in countries without them . 
  if your isp is seriously having trouble with sites that are used a lot i recommend switching isps or moving . 
  while i personally agree with the sentiment `` fuck him '' , that 's not how most mothers feel towards their children . 
  iq talk makes me cringe regardless of wheter it 's an online test or an offline test . 
  i can help, 
  still need help with anything ? 
  i can praise the sun on dks1 , what sl ? 
  magnets, 
  well if you have infinite tries then yes, 
   it 's a problem , but not something worth moving over . 
  personal priorities . 
  when looking for an apartment the most important thing for me is what kind of internet is available there . 
   in the us , isps throttling youtube and/or netflix is quite common . 
  may be but the u.s is known as the third world of internet connections , you guys even have data caps . 
  i knew it was bad but i never imagined such a thing as data caps existed before reading about it on reddit . 
  ask for proof that some guy tried to hit on her with the `` baby i can make you a star '' line ? 
  does n't seem that far fetched to be honest . 
  are n't the auditions for these types of shows open to anybody anyway ? 
   i hope he is not about to light off a round with that 50bmg , without in ear and over ear protection on, 
  i 've fired a .50 caliber only using one `` layer '' of ear protection ( over ear ) . 
  sure it was a loud bang but nothing dangerous , no ringing or anything .
