  that 's a scenario that happens basically ever round in counter-strike . 
  i could even add to that and it still would n't be unrealistic . 
  how about a weapon switch ( 1,2,3,4 ) to move faster . 
  or reloading ( r ) . 
  a 3 or 4 key rollover would n't suffice even for a casual player and csgo is one of the least button intensive games with just a few binds other than wasd . 
  now try playing something like arma that uses the entire keyboard including numpad . 
  can i just not do anything and hope it works itself out ? 
  because i bet i can . 
  well i doubt we disagree on fnatic being a eu team so i do n't understand how watching two eu teams play each other can tell you anything about how the regions compete with each other, 
  i knew you had a finnish background the moment you said `` finnish and swedish players in the nhl '' then went on to list 5 finnish players, 
  well i guess that makes sense but really i would avoid making any deductions based on matches like that other than how team a is doing against team b at the moment . 
  a bad opponent often makes you not play your best either . 
  yeah me too and same applies to every pc laptop i 've even just used . 
  it 's really strange . 
  i know for a lot of people carrying a small mouse in their laptop bag is still a reality . 
  when i had my macbook pro i 'd find myself always using the trackpad even when i was on a desk with the mouse connected . 
  only thing you ( obviously ) needed a mouse for was gaming . 
  oh i understand that completely but this guy i replied to was talking about a hypothetical lawsuit over his trademark . 
  in court it would n't be just a quick glance . 
  yeah but going from blue screen to buying a new laptop seems a bit extreme . 
  you do n't need to see the stuff that 's on there to format the hdd, 
  i think it 's perfectly fine if you just use it as a news aggregator and stay out of the comment section . 
  better than most online newspapers at least . 
  while that is undoubtedly true i actually read the articles , not just the titles , and stay skeptical of the sources . 
  i wo n't even click most links if i do n't recognize the source . 
  right now the top posts are washington post , cnn , bloomberg , financial post , bbc and the independent . 
  these are n't just some random guy 's website ran from a basement that may publish anything they feel like . 
  i while i recognize that all reporting is biased to some degree i do try to stay away from opinion pieces and just focus on posts about events . 
  i think / r/worldnews suffices for that , at least better than any other subreddit . 
  i understand that but if he stopped doing the videos the steam page would n't make him any money either . 
  making this `` extra '' money from the page is conditional on him releasing content as otherwise there 'd be nothing to link to . 
  that 's why i think it 's wrong to call it free money . 
  well the site is literally just links to his videos with the video description copypasted as a `` review '' so it 's just free advertisement . 
  i feel like if a vehicle has a blind spot that covers an area from about 90 degrees to the left to straight ahead it is n't fit for public roads, 
  still i think it would be the polite thing to ask after running over somebody, 
  well that might be true but it still does n't make it his review, 
  could n't tell you , i 've never seen a commercial on youtube . 
  then again it 's much easier to change the fan when originally putting the computer together so why not leave your options open ? 
  you definitely wo n't regret it even if you wo n't decide to oc as there really are no downsides to custom coolers . 
  for me even the reduced noise is reason enough to pay the ~ 50 $ . 
  so razer has made one product that has n't broken ? 
  woaw, 
  yeah but a pedestrian is roughly the size of a bike, 
  adblock . 
  or i guess ublock nowadays . 
  been using the original ab/abp since about 2004 , there 's really no going back to the ad infested internet you find on public computers . 
  luckily our school computers have adblock too . 
  that 's the twitter hosting site . 
  i just recently reinstalled res and remember getting a prompt about allowing res to interact with my twitter or something like that . 
  that might make a difference . 
   - i feel that the ` warmup time ' timer of 1 minute should only begin if all players are present simultaneously . 
  but that 's how it is . 
  ever since this new waiting period of 5 minutes was introduced i have some friends who think it 's perfectly ok to connect , disconnect , then go for a cigarette or some shit and come back when the five minutes is almost up . 
  more than one guy do this every game and every game we have to wait for them to reconnect even though they were at the server at some point . 
  honestly i fucking hate the 5 minute timer . 
  there 's no legit reason it 'd take your computer 5 minutes to load into the game . 
  i 'm sorry but honestly i feel like that happening occasionally to a few players is a lot less of a problem than if everyone had to wait say 10 minutes before every match just in case somebody needs to verify game cache . 
  if it 's not a problem that 's solvable within 5 minutes then i think it 's unreasonable to have 5-9 stranges wait all day so that you can get it fixed . 
  it 's kinda surprising to see the only comment mentioning his ban get downvoted . 
  like it 's not relevant because his ban ended a few months ago ? 
  the guy still cheated with aim and wallhack within the last 18 months , got caught and admitted it . 
  it 's not like flusha or something where it 's just suspicious clips . 
  yeah but i cant wrap my head around why someone would watch csgojackpot . 
  it 's like the lottery or something , like throwing dice . 
  i 'd understand it if he was betting on games and discussing the pro scene etc. 
  or even playing something like blackjack that has a level of skill and strategy involved but csgojackpot is just random . 
  who is entertained by that ? 
  is it his colorful reactions to winning/losing ? 
  well i guess it 's possible that on average the people in higher ranks have better pcs that can run the game at 144fps etc. 
  but my experience with the 5 minute timer has been 9 people connecting within 20 seconds and then waiting 5 minutes for the guy who purposefully alt-tabbed . 
  oh i do n't watch it either and i 'm not annoyed by it other than recognizing that his viewer count does probably take viewers away from `` real players '' . 
  it 's not my thread , i just chimed in that i do n't get it either . 
  well even if we leave political correctness aside it 's still a little weird . 
  what 's wrong with `` meet the man who '' ? 
  jew or jewish person it 's all the same to me , i just do n't get why that even has to be mentioned in the title . 
  yeah i 'm not saying moe is holding them hostage , but if it was n't for these shit streams then they 'd probably find some other stream to enjoy . 
  well i played about ~ 800 hours before the introduction of the 5 minute period when it was just straight up warmup for 90 ( ? ), 
  seconds and during that time i had maybe 5 games where everyone did n't connect in time if even that . 
  to me the change always seemed to fix a problem that never existed . 
  i 'm not blaming moe alone , that 's why i said shit streams in plural . 
  i personally think all this betting stuff should n't be allowed under the csgo name . 
  it has nothing to do with csgo , it 's just a ticket draw with csgo skins used as a substitute for money because of american gambling laws . 
  i 'm sorry but this is the first time i 'm hearing about bsods and csgo . 
  i do n't think it 's that prevalent . 
  well i 'm not comparing the situations . 
  i personally think flusha cheated and i think it 's ridiculous that vac is considered this perfect system and admins ca n't ban him without vac acting first seeing as how fucking useless vac is in matchmaking . 
  but that 's beside the point . 
  i was just using flusha as an example where there was no official decision but just community speculation . 
  moe admitted it himself so it falls into a different category nevermind who the players in question are . 
  yeah like 10 years ago on some public servers in a different game . 
  i 'm not saying that 's acceptable either but 10 years ago at the age of ~ 13 before getting involved with the ( semi ) pro scene and 1 year ago at the age of 27 while trying to be a serious player and get on a good team are two very different things . 
  i 've been replaying fo3 these past few weeks and ca n't recall anything like this . 
  i even use the `` interact '' button a lot to pull shit off the shelves and have n't seen any weird physics glitches . 
  sometimes stuff kind of `` resettles '' itself after i load a quicksave but nothing like leviating objects . 
  i 'm really not surprised this feature has n't caught on to other titles, 
  i have n't heard of anyone loving s1mple before your comment . 
  well they are doing something right . 
  cheating is mm is nowhere near as bad as it was a year ago . 
  sure there 's still wallers but at some point it was n't rare to have a blatant aimbotter ( like spamming 100 headshots from a negev during warmup ) every 3 games or so at le/lem level . 
  one game mechanic that really makes the 2d design apparent is that there is no y-axis for aiming .
