  i can tell you 've never watched [ bandy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuaxdb0ea3m ), 
  how the fuck is that a computer ? 
  i understand the yellow rectangle on the background is probably a screen for a computer but i 've never seen a cylinder shaped glass tube that looks like it 's full of smoke that 's a computer . 
  on duty or off duty does n't really make a difference . 
  he 's smoking a bong in traffic . 
  even if it was on an empty parking lot it would n't really be good pr to do it in your work car . 
  `` here is another shot of the guy , right after the explosion . 
  i 'm assuming that is part of his foot , bottom left . '', 
  hmm i wonder if this image is sfw, 
  if my legs were blown off i would n't want my face posted on every website on the internet . 
  an explosion killing innocent bystanders ? 
  i have no idea how to feel about this unless i 'm shown an album of gory pictures . 
  not all terrorist belong to an organisation . 
  besides the word terrorist is pretty much a meaningless buzz word . 
   i do n't get why decent people upvote this disaster porn, 
  i think you answered your own question, 
   to satisfy people 's sick twisted desires to see gore, 
  what is it that you do n't understand ? 
  so how is it playing recent releases on a 9 year old computer ? 
  smooth as butter ? 
  it 's this rare device called xbox 360 . 
  i do n't know if you 've heard of them but their hardware is from 2004 . 
  and it 's nice of your mother to buy you computer parts . 
  i know it can be an expensive hobby . 
  i do n't smoke indoors, 
  leech on government aid, 
  i 'm willing to bet i still pay less than you in total . 
  100m connection ( not shared ) 19,90 a month + 14m of gold from an online store is 30 $ so in total that 's about 21 $ a month ? 
  except even the old ones are crap, 
  i 'm a big fan of the series and it 's a pretty damn good comparison . 
  every single time a new cod game is released people bitch and moan how awful it is and how cod ( current number -2 ) was so much better in every way and share their stories about how much fun it was to play that game . 
  despite bitching in the exact same way when it was released . 
  more importantly ( as someone who is n't american and was too young back when this was relevant to care ) why does the congress need to know about his dick suckage ? 
  no , it should be on / r/imgoingtohellforthis, 
  more commonly known as r/middleschoolgonewild, 
  that would explain why some random guy just dropped a really good sword and told me to pick it up . 
  he was probably in the exact situation i 'm in . 
  could be . 
  i think i 'll just put it in my bottomless box . 
  i do n't want another player approximately my level running around with this weapon . 
  actually i think it does n't . 
  i know in the pic it says 999 but i used it once and it dropped to 59 immidiately . 
  e. it 's very possible it was intended to have unlimited durability though . 
   thus has insane stats, 
  about that . 
  everyone 's saying it has game breaking stats but the dmg is only 375 . 
  my current ( legit ) weapon has 220 or something like that . 
  is there some sort of attack speed stat or something i 'm missing because less than double the damage than my newbie weapon does n't look game breaking to the untrained eye . 
  yes . 
  i was n't up on the roof though . 
  you do n't have music playing before that ? 
  but yeah otherwise the same . 
  i always have a laptop on the couch so i just do what i 'd always do on the computer while the game is running on the background ( 360 ) . 
  ok this was n't it then . 
  i got this downstairs between the altar and the benches . 
  i tested it yesterday for about 15 minutes . 
  it was really good but not * that * good . 
  it did around 350-500 damage . 
  i did decide to discard it already . 
  i use that for turkey sandwhiches . 
  it 's excellent . 
  i agree it tastes great . 
  i use it all the time . 
  i never understood people who value spiciness in itself over taste and try to act tough because they eat spicy food ( you all know the type , the kind that puys pain 100 % hot sauce because it 's manly and patrionizes everyone else eating anything less spicy ) . 
  however . 
  as far as hot sauces go sriracha is pretty mild . 
  if you 're gon na say something like `` hot sauce must be hot '' you 're hot sauce should at least be hot . 
  besides the whole `` we do n't make mayonnaise '' thing sounds just like one of the people that i described above . 
   if you actually like spicy , and have been raised on it , you 'll definitely be able to taste a lot of flavors below the spicy . 
  yeah but i meant the kind of people that also buy that synthetic capsaicin crap that literally has no taste and only serves to add hotness . 
  or go to youtube and you 'll find thousands of videos of people eating the spiciest peppers in existance and clearly not enjoying it but doing it in a way that 's closer to jackass . 
  good point . 
  i did n't really take into account the scaling . 
  there 's a lot to this game i need to read a wikipedia article for :p, 
  like i said the durability actually fell from 999 to 59 the first time i used it :(, 
  and i read on the wiki you ca n't repair it . 
  i 'm not worried about a dark souls ban but an xbox live ban as they tend to ban cheaters . 
  to be fair he called himself a dick as well, 
  upvoted from using the word gringo, 
  i have n't noticed there being any music in dark souls outside the boss battles . 
  i just play my own music when i play . 
  wikipedia existed 10 years ago ? 
  damn i feel old, 
  i did n't say i was a `` heatseeker '' . 
  i like sriracha the way it is . 
  but if i was the manufacturer of sriracha i would n't go around flaunting how hot my hot sauce is when it 's a pretty mild hot sauce . 
  you do realize stoners exist ? 
  what 's that in civilized world units ? 
  but not too interesting, 
  i too used to throw my controller at the bed when i got really mad . 
  never broke one . 
  too bad i ca n't do that anymore . 
  exactly . 
  this is why i do n't get mad at dark souls . 
  it 's difficult but it 's fair . 
  that 's what makes it a good game though . 
  yes it 's pretty difficult but never impossible . 
  and if you die you have nothing but yourself to blame . 
  that 's why i have n't gotten mad playing dark souls even though i 've died a ton . 
  the game does n't bullshit you like many other `` hard '' games .
