  you would n't suffer 24 hours of non-violent psychological torture for $ 75mil ? 
  i have a feeling you might change your mind if the money was in front of you . 
  because everyone could use $ 75mil . 
  even if you 're not the type to immensely value money you can do so much with it . 
  if you do n't think it 'd improve your own life think of all the good you could do donating that . 
  it 's an absurd amount of money for 24 hours of `` torture '' and saying `` it 's not my desire '' is just dumb . 
  i 'd gladly `` freak out '' for 75 million dollars . 
  i was very confused as to the context when i saw this message in my inbox, 
  well first of all when you 're wearing shorts you 're usually only wearing a t-shirt so you do n't have jacket pockets like you would at winter . 
  secondly i would totally wear cargo pants all year if they were n't so damn ugly looking because the extra space is wonderful . 
  with shorts i feel like the cargo pockets are n't nearly as terrible looking so i seize the opportunity to have more pockets . 
  also shorts usually do n't have as good back pockets as jeans do which makes it more necessary to have another pocket for your wallet . 
   fair enough response , but i guess i still do n't carry enough things on a regular basis to understand . 
  wallet , keys , cellphone . 
  that 's all i carry too when i leave the house . 
  but i like the possibility of having more space if needed . 
  and like i said i do n't like putting my wallet into the back pocket of shorts since they 're never as comfortable as pants pockets and having any of keys/wallet/phone in the same pocket just feels wrong . 
   it gets hot ; but as a 38 year old man i guess i just deal with it . 
  but why ? 
  posts like this are why people make fun of this sub, 
  i did n't read it, 
  100 % work on windows phone, 
  most gold novas , master guardians , eagles and global elites call hacks whenever someone plays better than them, 
  came to the comments to copy op 's viewmodel because it looks perfect imo . 
  who cares about anything else than blocking the least amount of screen space ? 
  e. i was able to replicate it on my own . 
  thank you op for reminding me to do something i 've been meaning to do for a thousand in-game hours now but always forget after starting the game up . 
  how is this different than doing this in ms paint ? 
  970 gtx on windows 8.1 using the latest drivers , everything maxed out . 
  just you, 
  oh yeah i meant using the one pixel `` pencil '' tool or whatever it 's called, 
  i often miss the point of / r/funny submissions, 
  well yeah just because it 's legal/decriminalized does n't mean there is n't a social stigma . 
  i would n't want to advertise it to all my neighbours either . 
  nobody believes you, 
   based on the resolution of the image , it would be trivial for me to figure out what kind of device device the screenshot came from . 
   also , wtf ? 
  you have a list of random anti-china links at your disposal ? 
  you mean you do n't ? 
  except uk salaries are n't higher than us salaries on average so it is simply just more expensive . 
  i know, 
  wrong . 
  correct answer was any apple computer in the last decade connected to an external screen . 
   calling her parents for hours with no international plan . 
  maybe , just maybe , if you 're going to order a bride from abroad who has family abroad you might consider investing into an international plan . 
  i have a hard time taking anyone seriously after they use the term `` leader of the free world '', 
  yeah but if you want to talk about what racists will and wo n't do they 're much more likely to say `` nigger '' than `` n-word '' . 
  considering that i think it would be silly to talk about racism and use the `` sanitized '' version of the word if your very point is people using the actual term . 
  why does it really matter ? 
  how is strangling some random person better than strangling his gf ? 
  to me this question reeks of a trick question . 
  i definitely do n't consider it unrealistic that a large portion if not majority of the `` yes '' voters thought the poll is trying to outsmart them with some `` birds are technically dinosaurs and cellfish lived alongside dinosaurs '' crap . 
  at the very least i find it a lot more believable than this many believing flintstones was based on a true story . 
  i only use headphones if i play cs ( seriously , not dm ) or watch movies at night . 
   it 's the 2nd best keyboard out there, 
  i do n't care about the storylines and frankly this post was the first i 've heard of this but i find it absurd that people are seriously defending his arrest for assault on the grounds that `` we do n't know if it was his gf '' . 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  her gf is just as much a random person i 've never met as anyone else he might 've decided to strangle . 
  well it 's not thin air , the arrest record is public . 
  it 's adding some flavour to the story without sources for sure but it 's not out of thin air . 
  as an owner of next-gen consoles i 'd say go with what most of your friends have , you will be disappointed with either . 
  or just have your own computer, 
  am i the only one who thinks `` nintendo magazine system '' is a really weird name ? 
  even nintendo system magazine would make sense but what the fuck is a magazine system ? 
  a system that dispenses magazines ? 
  ''  we need wards '', 
  tbh i already have like 25 items for wr so it does n't feel that bad . 
  of course out of these 8 wr would 've been best but i 'm a lot sadder for all the supports that lost first round . 
  phoenix octarine core is actually crazy good , i used to run it all the time after the patch . 
  that hero is basically only limited by it 's cooldowns , the mana and hp costs of its abilities quickly become irrelevant . 
  sounds like a 24 year old woman, 
  farms are n't like they were in your coloring books as a kid, 
   he 's been arrested , he 's been charged , it wo n't affect ti, 
  which is why the title was `` korok arrested and charged , wo n't affect ti '', 
  i fail to see what 's wrong with it, 
  how is that full tabloid ? 
  the guy was arrested . 
  the guy was charged . 
  apparently it wo n't affect ti . 
  that 's all they said , the facts , and they even provided sources . 
  i do n't understand how anyone can see anything wrong with that . 
  there 's no editorialization whatsoever . 
  the first word in the title is the person involved and the rest of the title is what happened . 
  would n't a clickbait article be more like `` dota player charged ... '' to get you to click it to find out who or what happened ? 
  the whole story is in the title , that 's like the opposite of clickbait . 
   so fucking misinformed about the whole incident, 
  not really . 
  the guy is being charged with inflicting malicious bodily injury . 
  that 's true . 
  is n't that the biggest news story here ? 
  the identity of the victim is a bit of trivia as far as i 'm concerned . 
  yeah it was stupid to put that in the title but this sub is acting like it 's totally ok to assault somebody as long as it 's not your gf . 
  nadota has forums ? 
  yeah , that 's why . 
  the osx version has always been shitty . 
  i know macs are n't designed for gaming but i would get 70-110fps in csgo at 2560x1440 on my old mac . 
  dota2 running on the same fucking engine would be like 20-30 . 
  why not stem rrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  because you 're watching the streaming pornhub version that 's cut to like 5 minutes . 
  torrent the real 50 minute version and suddenly it 's not 75 % blowjob .
