  i do n't really need any of this info . 
  i know all about who 's going to dreamhack and the stream url 's etc. 
  i want a cool background picture . 
  i think it has to do with how you watched the episodes . 
  if you watch the entire season in a row/at your own will from your hard drive or netflix or something it was a funny change of pace and a good episode . 
  if you waited a whole week for the next breaking bad to air and then again another week after that episode i wo n't blame you for thinking it was utter crap . 
   refused to even give the ps3 a chance and still do, 
  well that 's just retarded . 
  i tried out both 360 and ps3 and decided to get the 360 because i thought it was better . 
  not giving a product a chance because of the logo on it is the stupidest thing you can do . 
  i 'm not going to switch from 360 to ps4 because i suddenly generated a hate for microsoft . 
  it 's because of the product they 're selling . 
  well that 's a good reason but i would n't call that not giving it a chance because you actually compared the two and did n't just ignore it because it 's called playstation . 
  the main reason i chose 360 was the ps3 's controller as well , but had it had a better controller it would 've been a much closer fight . 
  i could n't care less what the buttons are called though . 
  march 2014 ? 
  why did n't they develop this for next gen consoles ? 
  it 's going to be pretty terrible to play this after being used to next gen graphics , smooth fps etc. 
  for over 6 months and you know i 'm gon na have to play it nevertheless . 
  because everyone who can afford a $ 399 console also owns a pc that runs games well . 
  i never downvoted you . 
  if you looked into the features of ps3 and decided the 360 was a better console then i would n't call that `` not giving it a chance '' . 
  you compared two products and purchased the one you felt was better . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  you gave it a chance by looking into it 's online features , ui etc. 
  not giving it a chance would be not even checking the features and simply not buying it because of preconceptions . 
  agreed . 
  the controller is the biggest thing i 'm worried about . 
  i already know i 'm not getting the xbone , and the remaining option ps4 sounds otherwise awesome but the controller is still the biggest questionmark . 
  this is purely my opinion but the ps3 controller was terrible . 
  in 1995 the dualshock was fine , in 2013 it is n't . 
  i hope the ps4 controller really steps it up . 
  the xbone controller is the only advantage the xbone has at this point . 
  it 's called public education while growing up, 
  if you swear on live finnish tv during the wc 's or olympics or something nobody bats an eye . 
  because you 're a hockey player . 
  hockey players swear . 
  they 're not used to watching what they say . 
  i actually did n't even notice he swore . 
  it works just like vlc on any other os . 
  just google for advice . 
  download flip4mac ( you might need to go into pirate territory if you do n't want to pay ) , it has a bunch of codecs . 
  thanks for the quick update , but why was there a message included in ** in ** the fixing update telling that the fixing update will be live in a few days ? 
  yea i think it was supposed to be awkward, 
  i do n't think you understood my point . 
  the message was included in the fix , so that i was only able to see that message once the update had gone live . 
  when i went to the old baconit ~ 4 hours before the update but plenty of time after baconit had broken it did n't show up . 
  they certainly have a lot of films on there but i would n't call 240p `` high quality '' . 
  there is no facebook.fi, 
  boys watch more war movies, 
  propane is simpler to use . 
  charcoal tastes better . 
  i always thought everyone agreed on this . 
  though this entire thread might be full of reference circlejerk instead of people who actually prefer propane . 
  sleeping on the couch, 
  does it have to be on the minimap ? 
  can i just click on the middle of their army in the main screen ? 
  i always use emp when i see a big army , because it not only helps with ghosts but everything else as well . 
  ghosts and do n't stop dropping . 
  if the protoss has a deathball you do n't feel confident engaging even with splitting etc. 
  just load up a medivac to his main or natural . 
  that deathball ca n't be everywhere at once . 
  this is beside the topic of this thread but i noticed you said, 
   it is banelings and storms . 
  i know what to do in both situations ; move away . 
  have you tried ctrl-clicking the marines when faced with banelings ? 
  i used to have huge problems with banes in lower leagues , trying to kite and whatnot . 
  then my friend told me to just ctrl-click the marines and run away , the difference was huge and it 's not that hard . 
  yes ctrl-click selects all the marines . 
  so your marines peel away leaving all the marauders to tank the hits and continue doing damage . 
  works great . 
  this way it 's also easy to stim the marines to retreat even faster and do more dmg if you choose to stutter step while the marauders keep all their health for tanking . 
  keep your eyes on the minimap is all i have to say to the problem of getting surprised attacked . 
  i know it 's hard but it 's really the most important part of the screen . 
  suicide drops work too if you 're later in a game with great production but of course it 's always better if you 're able to pick up and keep the threat of a drop hanging . 
  just because your camera takes a 8mp picture does n't actually mean the sensor is good enough to take a photo that 's clear down to a single pixel . 
  you could see something like 300mp cameras on sale for $ 99 already in ~ 2005 to take advantage of people who thought pixels are everything and equal . 
  you can easily notice a digitally zoomed picture with a much smaller screen than the image resolution , especially when it comes to phone cameras . 
  definitely has happened . 
  www.nierle.de was one of the stores that sold those . 
  of course they were total crap , buy technically they took 300mp pictures . 
  yes , but they were just the cheapest chinese cameras programmed to stretch the picture to 300mp . 
  technically it 's a 300mp camera . 
  or at least technically enough to sell in a shady online store for anyone stupid enough to buy it . 
  they 've made a few newer ctr 's and they 're all crap . 
  me and my friends still play the original . 
  even the ps3 port does n't run the same . 
  you notice the difference when you 've 105 % completed the game . 
  nitro cart was the least bad of them . 
  still nothing compared to the original . 
  i 'm proud to say i 've watched every single one of those ( again ) in the last 3 years . 
  it 's a great show . 
  i 'm glad i live in a country where it 's shown on national tv . 
  i 'm still switching over to ps4 . 
  better hardware , cheaper , no kinect required , better indie support etc. 
  only by the isp 's because a larger numbers sounds better . 
  if you look at the transfer speed meter on any software that downloads or uploads files they 'll use bytes . 
  what about final fantasy ? 
  i remember having played ff7 or something and then heard about the final fantasy movie coming to the theaters . 
  after seeing it i honestly thought the names were just a coincidence and felt cheated .
