  that hit would be dirty as fuck in 2016 and no amount of `` keep your head up '' will make it clean . 
  it was n't a dirty hit at the time . 
  it would be a dirty hit now . 
   people only freak out when it leads to an injury . 
  oh yeah people act totally nonchalant about blatant hits to the head if the player is able to move on their own afterwards . 
  what alternate universe do you happen to live in ? 
  keep your head up is the `` first rule of hockey '' because hits like this can end careers or even leave a player paralyzed and no one wants that to happen . 
  it does n't mean other rules do n't apply to you if you fail to follow this `` 1st rule '' . 
  you realize it 's not an actual rule in the rulebook ? 
   every single post on the front page ends up on r/shitpost, 
  probably because your front page is full of shit . 
  the default subs like / r/funny etc. 
  are all nothing but cancer, 
  two extremely shitty subreddits, 
  yeah because filling in as a host for one major should guarantee you get every host position in the future . 
  it 's not like there are multiple other hosts out there . 
   i 've also always wondered, 
  well you must 've not been playing dota for very long because it did exist up until reborn . 
  when the disconnect happens does n't make any difference . 
  it 's when they get an abandon . 
  someone might disagree on the design here but it 's no bug . 
  it 's working as intended . 
   women need representation in these kinds of things to make it more appealing to other women . 
  why do we want to force esports to be more `` appealing to other women '' ? 
  traditional sports are heavily dominated by men and mostly watched by other men and they do just fine . 
  that 's literal sexism . 
  what difference does it make if she 's `` one of the few competent women '' when she is n't one of the few competent people ? 
  she 's not talented . 
  she has 6000 games of dota and she 's barely 3k . 
  how can she provide analysis when she 's clearly shit at video games ? 
  and it 's not like she 's some genius stats man who just does n't like playing themselves etc. 
  she has 6000 games on her account . 
  she 's just shit at dota . 
  and her knowledge is shit too . 
  it 's just embarassing listening to her trying to pitch her ideas when these other 6k players and former pros are trying to discuss the draft . 
  about once per tournament she gets one suggestion right and everyone celebrates because it 's like a retarded kid accomplishing something that 's a mundane task for others . 
  except it was an english broadcast tailored for the rest of the world . 
  the chinese audience watches the chinese stream . 
  who the fuck cares what 's a taboo in china when the broadcast is n't even viewed in china or by the chinese ? 
  yes, 
  i did n't realize there are people who did n't like ivy, 
  ehhh 40 hours a week is nothing impossible or even unusual . 
  i often have 100 + / 2 weeks on my steam account and i never leave games idling on the background . 
  if i look at my friends who play dota or csgo almost all of them have 80 + on their profiles . 
  well 2 seconds is still pretty quick if you compare it to all the torture they could do ( and what they probably threatened with if he jumped out of the way ) . 
  with the recent patch placing buffs on a killer or debuffs on the killed gives you an assist as well so it 's pretty easy getting high amounts of assists on those roaming heroes, 
  fuck i knew it, 
   i feel like there are a lot of fans over in finland that have n't watched any higher level hockey until recently . 
  it 's not at all uncommon for finns to only watch the skoda cup every year + olympics but basically everyone does watch them . 
  for me it just always freezes for the time between pressing play and the player opening . 
  are you the how wife or do you have a hot wife ? 
  pathway to glory was so fucking good and it even had fully fledged out online multiplayer . 
  in the year 2004 on a mobile platform . 
  and it worked great because it was turn based . 
  probably depends on the pizza . 
  it 's perfectly normal to order one pizza per person in europe . 
  36cm pizza with a thin crust and minimal toppings or 36cm of pan pizza covered with pepperoni and meatballs are two very different beasts . 
   let 's me out, 
  maybe you should buy a larger monitor if you get triggered by one line of text :\\ ^ ), 
  in the ps4 version at least there 's tons of concept art on the disc . 
  a lot of it is great . 
  [ here ] ( http://conceptartworld.com/?p=24769 ) are some examples . 
  you have to be a hardcore supporter of the one drop rule not to consider him white . 
  you must 've not paid much attention in history class . 
  you must be pretty desperate for anything to play if you 're willing to play a bad multiplayer only title against bots . 
   but the game also has great gameplay . 
  lollers, 
  because of the star wars name, 
  he must be pretty desperate for anything to play if he 's willing to play a good looking bad multiplayer only title against bots . 
  se on kuu . 
  why would you use the title of an old well known franchise if you wanted to avoid all comparisons ? 
  if you want to be judged purely on your own merits and not compared to the previous games launch a new fucking ip . 
  movies , books , music it 's the same in any form of media . 
  if you use the name of an excisting title to promote your work you 're rightfully compared to the previous titles because you yourself as the creator chose to be associated with it . 
  are there places that serve cold pizza ? 
  `` always hot '' seems like the worst compliment you could give to a pizza place . 
   yeah , i did n't like the role selector as well , it will stamp some roles in heroes that can play multiple roles, 
  how so ? 
  you can pick a role to indicate a role you want to play then pick a hero totally independently . 
  you can choose `` mid '' then pick lina or you can choose `` support '' and pick lina . 
  nothing about the role indicator thing limits your ability to pick heroes for a variety of roles . 
   no need for search bars . 
  simply type to search for heroes !, 
  but i want a search bar . 
  nothing is as annoying as `` automatic '' searches in a screen that also has a chat box . 
  it 's guaranteed to cause confusion . 
  and do n't even get me started on push to talk . 
  well if you 're prioritizing a fucking hat quest over buying wards you are a noob support gg report, 
  never fucking reply to me again unless you 're contributing to the thread, 
  people still build vlads on am after the abyssal change ? 
  they 're games run on official servers so of course not, 
  i7 4790k gtx970 16gb ram win10 and it 's on an ssd, 
  brandy aniston, 
  overall he looks a lot manlier than i 'm willing to accept, 
  nothing says comfy like sitting on pillows without a backrest and holding your neck like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/meigorh.png ) for hours with zero support, 
  it 's been a while since amd was relevant too so it 's a perfect match . 
  it was a replay of a relevant goal in a relevant game . 
  that is the content i come to see on / r/hockey . 
  you 're only complaining because of the title . 
  i think i 'm okay with people posting an hd quality replay of the game winning goal in the semifinals of the world cup right after it happened .
