  how should i wire this to work ? 
  why lo-fi ? 
  i 'll try that as soon as i can but in the meantime , how is the bottom one in the background powered ? 
  i do n't see any wiring going to it, 
  oh so they are glitchy . 
  i only updated today to try out the pistons and thought my brain somehow could n't understand redstone anymore, 
  this works thanks !, 
  go away troll, 
  do n't say it then, 
  i think i 've cried 6-17 times total since i was like 4 years old, 
  | take cyberbullying seriously, 
  | as unhappy we are about racists gaining new ammunition, 
  why should we be unhappy ? 
  if ( future ) research does in fact show that one `` race '' is inferior to other should n't we stop hating on racists and just accept the facts . 
  if a study proved that one race is infact superior to other why would it still be stupid to be a racist ? 
  would n't being a `` non racist '' just closing your eyes from the truth, 
  | africans are pure of blood , whites are n't . 
  no , white people are still pure white . 
  all this does is prove there is actually a difference in the dna, 
  i did n't get this comment . 
  i read the wikipedia article and realized it was a seinfeld joke . 
  i felt bad that i 've never watched that much seinfeld . 
  i downloaded the first season after which i returned to this tab and realized i 've actually seen that episode and got the joke !, 
  he/she must be the worst story teller in the world, 
  i was n't talking about this study specifically, 
  i was n't talking about this study specifically, 
  | if ( future ) research does in fact show that one `` race '' is inferior, 
  read the fucking comment before commenting, 
  i know , i was talking hypothetically about future studies and how people think that racist can not ever ever be right, 
  | how can this research show that any race is inferior ? 
  | if ( future ) research does in fact show, 
  dumbass, 
  i would n't describe myself as emotional but how can you still not understand how stupid your question was ? 
  i never stated that this study would point to inferiority . 
  i was talking about hypothetical future research and the assumption that racist must always be wrong . 
  shoot . . e-mail joke is as old as the meme, 
  also i 've never heard anyone say it outside sbm, 
  | it can prove a race is superior at specific things , but not in general . 
  if a study proves that one race is superior at several specific things and inferior in none , how would it not prove that it is also superior in general, 
  i 'm not from the future so i do n't know but i can think of many things that can be studied and relate to intelligence, 
  [ link to original comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/feminism/comments/iqq0v/rfeminisms_censors_respectful_male_voices_in_a/c26cgnc ), 
  exactly . 
  i own both ps3 and 360 and my ps3 updates fives times more and like you said takes minutes instead of seconds . 
  sometimes even hours and i have a 100m intenet connection ( works at 95-100m on pc ), 
  i got 5 messages in like 2 minutes all asking the same thing , and every single one of them was off-topic and well . . idiotic . 
  so i might have been frustrated a bit . 
  i did n't read past the first sentence, 
  | for a start there are skills and traits which are mutually exclusive but both positive . 
  true , but there are also plenty of traits which are purely advantegeous/disadvantegeous, 
  | by definition there can not be a master race of the `` no disadvantages '' type you propose, 
  well this is true but i was talking about a hypothetical scenario . 
  however a group of people does n't have to best at everything to be a `` master race '' or just simply better than another group . 
  some advantages are bigger than others . 
  what does intelligence have to do with superiority/inferiority ? 
  is that what you 're asking ? 
  | same goes for homosexuality . 
  even if someone were to somehow prove that being gay is a disease ( whatever that means ) that is no more reason to discriminate against gays, 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  besides being gay is completely different than handicapped . 
  handicapped are inferior people by definition . 
  over 40gb free . 
  always been like this . 
  30 minutes is still ridiculously long , like i said xbox takes 10 seconds usually . 
  brainfart, 
   this has got to be the least helpful and most backward update they 've made . 
  i do n't see what the big deal is . 
  for people like me with widescreen displays there was nothing there before , wasted space . 
  of all the shitty updates fb gets this one actually makes sense . 
  facebook let 's you do that and select which group can see your status updates , who sees you online at chat etc. 
  well now it sounds like a typical fb update, 
  probably stoya but not sure, 
  to be honest `` the same year round '' sounds like the worst kind of weather, 
  i do n't know if it 's xbox vs ps3 or just the individual game/console but i 've never seen any of these bugs in 60h + of playtime, 
  you can disable the button tips from options, 
  the major system updates take around 5 minutes , but in the last couple of years there 's been maybe 3-4, 
  if new maps etc are not added games always update in seconds ( remember i have 100m all to myself ) and if there is new content a little longer . 
  i love having internet on my xbox , you can always unplug it if you do n't want your bugs fixed . 
  nothing in the world would ever make me pick up a wiimote alone . 
  they dub over german ( ? ), 
  commercials in finnish but because the labor is so much cheaper they use estonian voice actors . 
  estonian and finnish are pretty much like portuguese and spanish . 
  it sounds fucking horrible . 
  especially if the boobs are fake . 
  fake jugs can be awesome with clothes on but then just [ ] ( / dude ), 
  i 'll take small boobs over big boobs any day, 
  do you spend most of your time naked or clothed ? 
  how is the way larger breasts are despicted `` such a negative way '' when it 's the exactly same thing flipped . 
  besides i do n't see this as an attempt at `` helping '' girls with smaller breasts . 
  it 's just the truth . 
  i did n't see you having a problem with this when men gave you free shit because your tits looked nice inside a shirt . 
  only hateful hivemind can downvote this comment like it has, 
  maybe you should 've pointed that out in the title . 
  if people realized this post contained about 2 million dollars worth of diamonds it probably would n't have been voted down as much as a `` shitty facebook profile picture '', 
  i 've never enjoyed mega man that much but i must upvote a man who knows what he loves and is dedicated to it, 
  i know i 'll get downvoted to hell on a liberal site like reddit but that 's what you get for specializing in one of the most overpopulated and least useful fields of study, 
  i love the idea of a no-wipe poo but 7 minutes ? 
  shhhhhiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeet, 
  i took a picture ? 
  i would have loved to see the mom 's face if your advice had been `` smoke weed every day '', 
  [ why would you not include a link for the lazy ?
