  for some reason i got it for 22 $ less than a month after it came out ( some sort of christmas sale ) . 
  i would n't pay full price for it but it was definitely worth the 20 $ or $ 7.50, 
  came back to it after a break ? 
  my recollection of it was that it was fun , but kinda short and there was pretty much nothing but the main storyline . 
  which was a bit disappointing especially considering how nice the world was . 
  i even did the hunting and bounty `` missions '' ( they were like 1-2 minutes each ) as well as the hidden memory cards etc. 
  and i do n't think i broke 20 hours . 
  multiplayer was a so-so cod clone and the coop was fun just like coop always is so i do n't think it was a bad game by any means but i would never `` go back it '' . 
  so clear them out ? 
  good replayability ? 
  i really beg to differ . 
  i liked the game , i 've always liked the far cry series but while fc3 was a fun , immersive adventure i 'd never in a million years consider replaying it . 
  if i did replay it there would be pretty much nothing i could do differently from my original playthrough . 
  i recommend it for $ 7.50 and you 'll probably enjoy playing it , but i honestly ca n't see why anyone who 's beat the game would start it up again . 
  except for maybe co-op . 
  yeah but boosted players have inventories exactly like that, 
  that 's what i was thinking as well, 
  to each his own i guess . 
  i 'm the total opposite , aside from games you ca n't finish ( like starcraft and counter-strike ) i tend to just play one game at a time . 
  usually i finish them , sometimes i give up and start a new one and it 's extremely unlikely i 'll ever come back once i 've done that . 
  i 'm trying to think of games that got `` sidelined '' for another title and made a comeback . 
  i honestly ca n't think of anything , and i 've played almost a dozen games in the last year alone . 
  e. batman arkham city !, 
  but that was a while ago . 
  not only is this unnecessary and retarded , i 'm sure valve 's implementation of this would cause fps 's to drop once again . 
  the castle of some sorts with lots of stairs inside . 
  the one that requires you to beat the archers to get in . 
  oh of course . 
  it 's just that these `` huge hits '' from the 90s and before seem to have pretty massive head contact 80 % of the time . 
  not to even mention the charging . 
  i used to take the stealth approach until i realized how easy it was just to mow everyone down, 
  died a lot . 
  yeah that 's what common sense says . 
  valve does n't follow common sense . 
  the arms deal update did nothing but add some skins and everyone experienced a drop of about 1/4 of their fps . 
  because they added a variety of textures to guns that already had textures ? 
  how the fuck can that have such an effect on performance ? 
  just spoil it . 
  the show has been shit for 4 seasons anyway , i 'm never going to watch the later seasons but having watched it for 5 years i would like to know how they finally ended it . 
  yeah i only really started learning to parry now , i just used to roll around a lot . 
  serious answer to your question i did explore a lot of places like the ash lake , the great hollow , drake valley etc. 
  that are n't mandatory . 
  i also think i spent about 30 hours before i really even got anything done . 
  just running around in undead burg , new londo ruins etc. 
  not really sure what i should do . 
  but i can guarantee you there is not a single pixel in that area i have n't memorized :d i also spent over 5 hours just grinding that one bonfire in the forest until i could equip some spell i bought without checking the lvl requirement . 
  a dvd case ? 
  that sounds highly inconvenient . 
  i 'd use a post card or a piece of paper or something so you can fold it . 
  lot easier to fill bowls or joints when you can just pour it down the middle fold . 
  1100 came out 3 years after the 3310 . 
  i remember it was my little sister 's first phone ( mine was the 3310 ) . 
  though the 3310 is much better known in western countries the 1100 came out right when everyone in india was buying their first cell phones . 
  it sold a shit ton in asia . 
  maru , polt and jjakji, 
  i got lvl19 from being lvl11, 
  dont question it . 
  [ just celebrate ] ( http://gifwall.net/gif/mm95auto.gif ), 
  good scouting, 
  i thought it was easier to assess after the `` consistent percision '' and first rounding but the second just made it more complicated . 
  since when is `` number of fans '' harder to assess than `` thousands of fans '' with decimals ? 
  lol, 
  if you watch minigun 's stream he plays d3 while sc2 searches for the next opponent, 
  this is a great example of a finnish social interaction . 
  people have been listening to you talk for about a minute and already hate you because you seem not to hate yourself enough . 
  welcome to finland . 
  lol lighten up it was a joke, 
  where the hell is [ this ] ( http://gifctrl.com/n4a ) from ? 
  no it is n't, 
  do n't be that guy who tells other how to enjoy internet ethically correctly, 
   you 're costing those sites money . 
  is this supposed to make me feel bad ? 
  how is this like faking an injury ? 
  this is like deking a football or ice hockey or basketball defenseman into thinking you 're going right then going left . 
  it 's a cool play . 
  i 'm just glad there are gullible dumbasses like you out there enjoying all the ads they possibly can cram into a website so i wo n't have to . 
  expects ? 
  i do n't expect anything , i * get * shit for free . 
  there 's a difference . 
  just because you have some ethical bullshit holding you back do n't expect others to have the same limitations . 
  my goal in life is not to be a role model for anyone . 
  i do n't have kids nor do i work with kids , so why should i be ? 
  yea finnish people also call them 1-6 , though in csgo pop-dog is usually referred to as `` under the ladder '' as `` 4 '' nowadays means the # 4 train where a used to be . 
  in 1.6 there was no confusion and it was just 4 . 
  yeah we know but you should be mad at the lawmakers who allow that sort of bullshit , not the people who do n't tip . 
  i do n't live in the us . 
  i still know how it works because this conversation pops up on reddit every week . 
  there 's a complete collection/siterip of catalina cruz on empo . 
  that 's a shit ton of makeup . 
  even photoshop could n't hide it . 
  i did n't think the first one was scary either . 
  it was hyped everywhere so i bought it without any real knowledge of what it was . 
  when the first zombie lying on the ground `` dead '' jumped me around 10 minutes into the game it scared me . 
  the 9000 other times after that a `` dead '' zombie jumped me i was n't scared . 
  i just shot at all the `` dead '' bodies i saw to be sure . 
  other than that it was just a space shooter . 
  yeah it got dark at times but there was no real scary atmosphere of constant impending doom or if there was it was unsuccesful . 
  i 've never been a big fan of horror games but this game did n't give me that scary feeling horror games are supposed to which is why i was able to enjoy it as a mediocre shooter and beat it in two days . 
  it 's not bad if you can get it for cheap , but i would n't consider it a classic like silent hill 2 or other titles in this comment thread . 
  yeah me too .
