  if a group of 10 people has 9 murderers in it then not all of them are murderers but i still would n't invite that group over to my house . 
  because the ratio of these unwanted individuals to the overall population is higher than it is in europe . 
  this `` not everyone is a rapist '' defense is pointless because not everyone of them needs to be a rapist to make allowing them in a bad idea , only a higher percentage than of the native population . 
  and they do commit over ten times the amount of rapes per capita ( in finland at least ) so i really do n't understand how `` well not everyone '' is supposed to help that . 
  to be honest as long as they 're not making noise i really could n't care less how someone else spent their time in class and really ca n't understand why it would bother you either . 
  that 's why they 're paid money to do it . 
  jews do control a disproportionately huge part of the media and banks though, 
  90 % of reddit comments are just baiting for upvotes . 
  even when it 's not just one-liners and puns reddit is like a popularity contest where everyone tries to appear as close as possible to a fictional ideal leftist politically correct american college student to score internet points . 
  it 's very rare to find a genuine discussion between two people on this site . 
  if you are a muslim , jew , black or a woman you 're more than welcome to stay here . 
  did you just seriously say there is no `` in-group solidarity '' among jewish people ? 
  how is that in any way comparable ? 
  pork has always been a part of danish school menus , the 10 commandments have never been a part of danish law . 
  actually that is the least hopeful situation of all . 
  the reason he ca n't appear in any broadcasts is exactly that he works for valve . 
  exactly . 
  it 's the same fucking tournament no matter what you call it , of course it 'll be the same . 
  did n't valve specifically say they 'll provide the prize pool but the actual production is totally up to event organizers ? 
   why are more people not upset about this ? 
  it 's a fucking major . 
  what does a major really mean though ? 
  this is only the 2nd major to ever take place so it 's kinda ridiculous to say it 's `` a fucking major '' like there is some established level of competence that can be expected from majors . 
  but russia is n't a schengen country . 
  also you have to go to russia . 
  why does this post read like english is n't envy 's first language ? 
   98 % of it is just teenage rage, 
  first off judaism is n't an ethnicity and secondly even jews themselves are openly proud of being this close-knit community that promote each other . 
  how has anything i 've said been a conspiracy ? 
  my own grandpa is jewish and he knows practically every jew in a 100km radius . 
  jews have been outsiders for thousands of years regardless where they live , of course they 're going to develop a culture of `` protecting their own '' . 
  they 're totally open about it too , you just apparently have some weird trigger warning that whenever someone mentions the word `` jew '' you go full denial in fear of not being politically correct or something . 
  i never even said a bad word about them yet you still scream conspiracy . 
   jews absolutely are an ethnic group . 
  it 's a religion retard . 
  my grandpa 's heritage comes from russian jews and he looks totally nordic . 
  how the fuck is he the same ethnicity as someone from israel for example just because they share a religion ? 
  i once met weedman and told him what the current year was . 
  yeah but less than 20 % of twitch viewership comes from the us, 
  yeah but does anyone buy games buy randomly picking a name out of a list and then hoping it 's good ? 
  even if you just look at the steam screenshots and trailer before buying you 'll avoid 90 % of the shittiest indie games . 
  i could see people hating all of those games too . 
  i would n't want to play any of them or much less pay money for them . 
  that 's a shitty definition and you know it . 
  i 've always wanted to meet someone who enjoys king of queens . 
  what do you do for a living ? 
  did you finish high school ? 
  what other hobbies or tv shows do you enjoy ? 
  what is it exactly that makes this video just scream `` russian '' ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's a bad thing just that the video has no cyrillic letters or anything yet anyone can instantly tell it 's made in russia . 
  ok so fully grown adults who like to mention they have sexual intercourse when it 's entirely unrelated to the story - check . 
  bruno has n't said it but other valve employees in the past have said it in context of both dota and csgo that they 're not supposed to give public statements or make appearances in anything related to valve such as tournaments of valve games . 
  gaben is literally the only exception . 
  poop, 
  the title of the post and video made me think of this https://i.imgur.com/3ty3aya.png, 
  it 's cgi like every other `` look at this famous player hit an incredible trick shot '' commercial has been for the past 25 years, 
  what about your other grandmother ? 
  if she 's not a jew either then no you 're not . 
  not just america . 
  i live in finland and for the past ~ 3 years literally half the food commercials mention msg or absence of it . 
  i 've yet to see a single reason why it 's good to not include it in your diet but every company advertises they do n't use it . 
  he seems slightly retarded, 
  i 'm still a beginner ( ~ 1500hrs ) and other than some deward suggestions i knew everything already so it 's not too in-depth . 
  kinda wish this existed before instead of searching all this info individually on google though . 
  there 's literally a button in the ui that 's always available wherever in the menus you are . 
  it 's easier than its ever been, 
  right click -  equip item is too complex ? 
  i think you 're just complaining about change for the chance to complain . 
  it 's not any more difficult or confusing than it was in source 1, 
   economically viable, 
  it does n't work like that, 
  this pretty much . 
  i do n't have any fundamental issues with valve , i do n't care about tradability because i do n't do it and i 'm not elderly so i had no problems learning to use the reborn armory . 
  it 's just that i do n't remember the last time i saw a chest and thought `` i want that '' . 
  they 're boring skins made by people who apparently think more complex is more stylish and almost always the same few heroes . 
  well everyone over the age of 15 agrees bulldong 's stream is absolute trash so i do n't see how that is whining, 
  \\  pure solo support, 
  yeah but there is no limit to how many items valve can publish so a set for an unpopular hero does n't mean they have to skip one set for a popular hero and forfeit the profits it would 've gained . 
  chests already have a huge range of like 5-10 different sets , adding a set for a hero that does n't have any/many to a chest that has fewer sets than usual does n't mean they have to give up on another set for a more popular hero . 
  it does n't even increase the workshop royalties since they 're paid proportionally to the people buying the items and not a lump sum . 
  no it 's like 1600 games with the queue times and picking phase included and i do n't even idle in the main menu much at all . 
  1,5 years sure feels like a beginner when i typically party que with people who 've been playing since wc3 days and have 4-10k hours . 
  i 'm still learning new shit all the time . 
  i noticed it was gone but figured the reasoning was some safe space ladder anxiety trigger warning bullshit, 
  i have some bad news for you son, 
  no but i do n't feel bad for the janitor if he has to pick up someone else 's garbage . 
  i also do n't check facebook during lectures myself . 
  mom and manta on jugg is n't that uncommon, 
  bf aghs happens even in pro games . 
  i hate the hero myself but there is nothing `` 2k '' about that build, 
  or the team has another hero who wants a radiance like an offlane ld or mid naga or something ( these things are not unheard of in matchmaking ), 
  because the only reason someone does n't like repetetive shit tier dank meme comedy is because they hate all humor in general . 
  who exactly was i attempting to troll ? 
  all i know is `` ladder anxiety '' was a huge issue with starcraft 2 and numerous ui modifications were implemented to make it less `` intimidating '' among them hiding plenty of statistics from plain view . 
  but workshop is already full of sets for less popular heroes . 
  all valve has to do is approve them and check the quality is up to standards . 
   but it takes time for valve to upload them, 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  it takes literally no time to `` upload '' them . 
  the only time commited is someone checking the quality before approving them .
