  you just went full retard, 
   there is literally no benefit to pre-ordering the game, 
  that 's how it should be . 
  pre-oder should be to guarantee you get the game the day it launches , not for some additional cosmetics or other shit that 's barred from rest of the customers . 
   sure , 10 $ is 10 $ , but you 're spending 30 $ to save 10 $ , and you 're spending that 30 $ on something that does n't even exist yet !, 
  what 's the problem ? 
  they sell tickets to concerts 6 months in advance . 
  and if you do n't like waiting you do n't have to buy it now , you can wait until it 's out . 
   you all harp and bitch and moan , do n't pretend you do n't , when other aaa titles come with season passes and stupid pre-order bonuses , but for some asinine reasons fallout and bethesda get a pass, 
  but you just said there is no stupid pre-order bonuses ? 
  and there is no problem with offering a package deal for dlc . 
  the problem is cutting content to sell it as dlc . 
  bethesda has time and time again said they will start creating the dlc only after the game goes gold . 
  there is nothing wrong with offering a season pass at a lowered price for people who already know they will buy them all . 
  i did n't pre-order or buy the season pass . 
  i just do n't see what 's the big deal that these options exist . 
  so do n't buy it then ? 
  how does offering a package deal for future dlc make a game worse ? 
  this logic is absolutely absurd . 
   we do n't even know what the content of the dlc is, 
  but that 's a good thing . 
  we do n't know what it is because they only just started creating it . 
  if they had already published the content of the dlc 's that would mean they 're pretty much done by now and just cut from the game to sell separately . 
   yet we 're able to pre-order it, 
  key word being able . 
  this is not a once in a lifetime opportunity you must pay for now to access the dlc . 
  you can buy the dlc once it launches if that 's what you want to do . 
   threw, 
  so the guy gesturing with his hand like that is the point of the gif ? 
  i looked at that the first time then went through five additional loops trying to figure out which one of them did something noteworthy . 
  there are games i absolutely adore and can name at least 10 things that suck about them . 
  but people hating on ign is an internet-wide phenomenon ? 
  so what you 're saying is it 's effective ? 
   people who enjoy humor i do n't are insecure, 
  oh okay then, 
   well to be fair , the game does look considerably better than fo3 and fonv . 
  the fact that you have to bring up it looks better than a 7 year old game is n't a very good sign . 
   argentina, 
   white, 
  nice [ bait ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sjgymljw0k ), 
   holding back all judgement until reviews come out, 
  judging a game based on reviews by other people is just as bad as guessing . 
  how 's living in denial working out for you ? 
  are you by any chance legally blind ? 
  are you watching it on a cheap phone or something and the whole video is jerking ? 
  that 's the only explanation i can come up with , it 's blatantly obvious . 
  yeah how dare people demand improvements compared to 25 years ago . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  the game does n't actually slow down , it just has less frames per second . 
  it makes aiming more difficult . 
  optimization this bad is not a tiny bug that no one noticed to iron out . 
  yeah but when the topic is `` graphics of fallout 4 '' why do people insist on commenting `` i do n't care about the graphics i 'll buy it anyway '' ? 
  we know there are many good things about bethesda games . 
  that does n't mean the graphics ca n't be discussed without bringing up how other things make up for the graphics in every other comment . 
  so because previous titles by a developer did n't look good they get a free pass for all eternity on their games looking sub-par compared to other titles of the same year ? 
  solid fanboy logic there . 
   but can we not judge an entire product on just how it looks, 
  more like can we talk about graphics for one second without someone bringing up `` graphics were never the point of fallout bethesda game design freedom open world '' ? 
  literally no one in this thread has said `` this game is not worth buying because it looks bad '' yet every negative comment about its graphics has a reply about how graphics are n't important in fallout . 
  you should n't have to even mention it . 
  the fact that you need to look for a game that old to compare to is a bad sign . 
  or have played and enjoyed bethesda games but still think graphics are worth talking about and just because they have a bad track record with them shitty graphics are n't automatically forgiven ? 
   this is not crysis on the ps4 but people also should not have expect it to be, 
  but it 's not just `` not the best looking game '' . 
  it 's a bad looking game . 
   if you do n't like it for graphics , vote with your dollar and do n't buy it . 
  see this is the problem . 
  i never said the bad graphics make it unplayable . 
  yet you assume i think so simply because i consider the graphics worth discussing . 
  i do n't even understand what you 're trying to say here . 
  so you went all out defensive huh ? 
  and yes , from the looks of it fallout 4 is the worst looking aaa title released in 2015 . 
  yeah but those other good things do n't require bad graphics . 
  i fully understand why someone would buy bethesda games despite the graphics , but that does n't mean the graphics ca n't be and should n't be analyzed and discussed separately from the rest of things that make up for them . 
   we are not the parents of these developers we are simply consumers, 
  but our responsibilities as consumers are very much to keep developers in check and encourage constant improvements and healthy business decisions . 
  it 's not that far from `` parenting '' . 
   sure you can say these graphics are n't what other games can do anno 2015 but you knew that wel before launch . 
  the game was first showcased 5 months ago . 
  you knew what this game was gon na look like . 
  not only were the initial press screenshots far from reality ( they always are , no surprise there ) but how is this any type of excuse ? 
  if you release a trailer showing jerky movement and repetetive gameplay are jerky movement and repetetive gameplay suddenly acceptable ? 
   why was is it an issue if the games are so good ? 
  assuming you played the previous bethesda games , did it ruin your fun in any of the previous games ? 
  a game being `` good '' or `` fun '' is not a question of yes or no . 
  yes i liked them , i would 've liked them even more if they looked better . 
  i recently played fo3 again after the announcement of fo4 and installing about 12 different lighting and filtering mods with the sole purpose to improve graphical fidelity certainly made me enjoy it more than if i had played the vanilla version . 
   so i dont think it 's problematic because bethesda is a developer i trust and know has n't made a bad game in over a decade . 
  so because bethesda has managed to make good games that look bad you do n't want them to make an equally good game that looks better ? 
  but no one is comparing it to a linear game . 
  the three games people keep comparing it to are gta5 , mgs5 and witcher 3 . 
  all games with a large open world that have tons of characters acting dynamically based on their ai with particle effects everywhere made on a similiar budget and all looking exceptionally better . 
  do you have a comfy armchair and a large monitor in your bathroom ? 
  because i certainly do n't . 
  penis, 
  i have no clue , i 've only played the original, 
  literally no one is saying the game is shit because of its bad graphics . 
  your defending against an argument that no one has presented . 
  just because there are redeeming factors that make the game worth playing despite its graphics does n't mean the graphics should n't be discussed and criticized . 
  anyone can download this app or tweak or whatever it 's called for free .
