  i 'm not blaming anyone , i 'm not justifying anything . 
  but why the fuck would people spend tens of thousands of dollars in clothing if others did n't pay any attention to them at all . 
  rapists are just people after all . 
  in other countries she would had been found guilty for murder 2 . 
  god bless the american justice system . 
  you have to admit it 's entertaining though . 
  my gf would get so mad if i did that, 
  exactly . 
  there 's no rule saying a woman ca n't play in the nhl yet none have ever made it ( rh\u00e9aume only played in 2 pre-season exhibition matches ) . 
  take a hint , ladies . 
  shit like this is why sweden is the laughing stock of all its neighbouring countries . 
  it took me a minute to figure out if it responded to my mouse or was just a video, 
  she could probably beat up most redditors, 
  sweet circlejerk karma, 
  i like cheese, 
  i do n't know . 
  i 've always done it with a friend as simultaneously as possible . 
  has worked out just fine . 
  some of my funniest experiences involve trying to explain something on salvia to someone else on salvia . 
  your way is probably safer buy hey , so 's not smoking salvia . 
  tl ; dr though, 
  it 's as fast to download a torrent as it is to open itunes store . 
  the selection is better and there 's no drm . 
  enjoy your shitty not-really-yours music . 
   butthurt ios users, 
  i hate ios and would never buy one . 
  but you deserve all your downvotes . 
  dumbass . 
  upload the virus to the mainframe !, 
  it 's water blessed in the vatican if you 're catholic . 
  otherwise tap water . 
  well it 's tap water anyway but imported tap water . 
  no shit sherlock, 
  it was the first two times . 
  try being in a relationship for years . 
  i ca n't even imagine marriage . 
  then it might be awesome again though idk, 
  and i wonder if i 'm the only one who 's heard `` i never fall asleep during movies like this alone , it 's only when i 'm with you '', 
  i wish, 
  psn is free . 
  that worked out nicely did n't it . 
  also game updates take around 45 minutes instead of the 10 seconds on 360 . 
  and a 100 years ago there was no guarantee where the bullet would hit no matter how good your aim, 
  i do n't think you read that correctly, 
   you ca n't compare patch times for two consoles and i 'm going to assume two different games . 
  patch time is based on your internet speed, 
  why could n't i when they 're both hooked up to the same internet connection ? 
  yes i understand there can be a difference in file sizes but see not including the bfbc2 pre-vietnam update there has n't been a single update for a 360 game that has taken longer than any ps3 update ever . 
  seriously an average update for ps3 takes 20-40 minutes instead 5-10 seconds . 
  not to mention ps3 requires a system update every week . 
  my gf and 1 friend have ps3 's also with similiar experiences with their internet connections so it 's not just that i 've screwed something up . 
  also i get way more lag and disconnections on ps3 cod than 360 cod . 
  both identical games . 
   check out some of the stories of annie oakley and buffalo bill , who were doing all kinds of crazy shooting expeditions ( shooting lit cigarettes out of people 's mouths , for example ), 
  yeah and a couple thousand years before that people were walking on water and parting seas . 
  not to mention flying too close to the sun with feathers on their arms . 
  up until 45 seconds i was preparing to write a comment about all this public service announcement crap on reddit . 
  guilt ? 
  lol you need to spend more time on the interbutts, 
  how can you people hate on gifs ? 
  gtfo seriously, 
  holy shit colt 1911 is actually from the year 1911 . 
  i have to admit i was full of shit . 
  yeah i have 0.46 , 0.56 and 0.53 and i 'm running 4 cores at 2.93 ghz . 
  i actually did n't know up to 4.0 was `` healthy '' . 
  i always got worried when i went over 1.0 . 
  i guess i learnt about loads in the single-core era . 
  `` europeans turning into true finns '' is a stupid thing to say . 
  most european countires had already realized what only surfaced in finland during the last election and similiar parties have been gaining popularity for some time now . 
  we were definitely not the first . 
  iceworld2k is better :p, 
  it 's because he was n't really high and those are n't actually his parents, 
  what 's `` pick block '' ? 
  i had this exact same problem . 
  i worked through it with trial and error idk . 
  i think everyone ( at least who won the demo cup ) got a 5 game legend . 
  you got a legend for free and you 're complaining . 
  stfu . 
  ooooh i actually had heard of this , but i do n't think it was in the options before ? 
   unique main character ( raiden ) who i thought was too heavily criticised in the west for his `` feminine '' facial features, 
  wait . 
  raiden was n't a girl ? 
  i can honestly say i was expecting an over prolonged yao ming reaction . 
  shit 's not funny anymore . 
  exactly . 
  it 's not a proper legend card . 
  it 's a free sample . 
  it would fucking suck if everyone got real legends from free packs . 
  because while it is true that dumb men are n't cute either the misguided belief is not nearly as strong among them . 
  i still find it ridiculous that you can sell an `` expansion pack '' at launch with a straight face . 
  couple times a day probably, 
  yeah there 's no small talk in finland either . 
  i love it though , you do n't have to waste time listening to bullshit and silence is n't awkward either . 
  i had already upvoted while reading but had to change it to a downvote during the last few paragraphs . 
  so wait the gray ones are received and green ones sent ? 
  16 was a happy medium, 
  25 has its advantages though . 
  you have more money for weed and activities and probably your own place too . 
  then again i have some great memories scraping up 20 bucks for a small bag of shitty weed that i had to ride the bus to get and secretly smoking it from a plastic bottle in the forest and spraying myself with febreze before coming home . 
  good times .
