  except luckily my life is n't ruined by some downvotes . 
  i studied latin in high school in finland . 
  if there 's one person i 'd like to have with me in a zombie apocalypse it 's frank . 
  besides , dee is n't part of the gang . 
  it 's listed as `` photo : www.hereisnewyork.org '', 
  i do n't see why you 're having such a hard time believing this pic to be real . 
  there were probably tens of thousands of people snapping pics of the burning tower with their cell phone . 
  there 's bound to be a couple of pictures taken just before the second plane hit . 
  sorry but bombings of civilian cities and all sorts of genocide has been going on for way too long for pics like this to even provoke a reaction out of me . 
  that was like 3000 people . 
  i grew up listening to my grandma telling stories about how they ran home from school dodging debris and her best friends falling around her and not getting up . 
  a lot more people than 3000 died in those bombings . 
  the only thing different is this was the first time americans knew what it felt like fighting a war on your own soil . 
  and what was the outcome ? 
  you started even more wars . 
  why would i not compare this one to other tragedies in the world ? 
  after all , it is just one of many . 
  americans act like 9/11 is the worst thing to happen in the world since the holocaust . 
  your country 's military alone has killed more than ten times that amount of civilians . 
  i do n't think `` girls with small tits '' really falls under rule 34 . xsmall is amazing though . 
  e. mirror : http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/13/c4sj.mp4/, 
  wait what a reddit free porn membership campaign ? 
  what has this world turned into ? 
  thanks for the porn though . 
  no it is n't, 
  and [ nar nar goon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nar_nar_goon,_victoria ) is a town, 
  i do n't know about that but tineye is completely useless now that google has reverse image search . 
  i like tineye for being the ones with the original idea but google 's execution is like 1000 times better . 
   this is a self post , so he wo n't get karma for this . 
  yeah because if he did get imaginary internet points his 50c donation totally would n't be worth me clicking the upvote button, 
  i do n't like reddit being flooded with bots but that was actually pretty cool so . . thanks ? 
  i seem to like alluring vixens, 
  we had the exact same joke in finland as well . 
  and then lordi ruined it . 
  that 's actually a good point , i totally did n't even think about that . 
  but people did still have tons of cameras . 
  yeah and i still do n't know who he 's supposed to be . 
  actually i do n't even know which is the person who got ran into . 
   self post day is a really good idea, 
  no it is n't . 
  self posts should n't be something that 's artificially encouraged . 
  images are best as link posts ( and not self posts with only a single link inside ) and text posts are best as self posts . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  that 's why those two different types of posts exist . 
  tbh i did n't even know we had a `` day '' . 
  your attitude is bad and you should feel bad, 
  it 's been requested ( many times ) and done . 
  some chick dildoing herself with a playboy magazine wrapped like a tube . 
  ca n't remember if it was on 4chan or reddit . 
  i have res but have never needed to filter srs because i 'm still yet to see a single srs post . 
  how ? 
  i do n't subscribe there . 
  problem solved . 
  also , posts like these are just feeding trolls . 
  though 90 % of / r/mr these days is just feeding trolls and it sucks . 
  this was an actual real live breathing woman so that 's why i 'm not sure it was 4chan, 
  even europe uses inches for pants and tvs, 
  it 's not really that centimeters would n't do the same job exactly as well . 
  i guess it 's just tradition and the fact that clothing manufacturers use the same labels worldwide . 
   to be fair, 
  it 's not like it would be more difficult for women to get into engineering or computing . 
  i think it 's already fair . 
  she has a degree in engineering so she worked as a journalist while becoming a self-made billionaire with her real estate company . . what ? 
  i think your claim is ridiculous . 
  if you do n't have the guts to study and work in the profession that you want to because of some bully i can tell you right now you wo n't make it to any billionaire list anyway . 
   since grade school , it is expected that women do n't get math . 
  i do n't know what kind of hillbilly catholic school you went to but no it is n't . 
  on average the best math students were always girls in my class . 
  yeah i 'm not going to . 
  ok great i was n't really looking forward to this conversation anyway . 
  but honestly your school sounds pretty fucked up . 
  or maybe you 're just seeing discrimination that is n't there . 
  well if america truly is like that then sucks to be you i guess . 
  yeah and sometimes i wish i had some global conspiracy against my gender to blame for my own shortcomings, 
  well if you keep up your hard work of complaining on reddit comment threads i do n't see how it 's possible for the u.s not to change . 
   they 've done quite a lot of work with the jackass as well, 
  yes they have and actually knoxville has said that dudesons were an inspiration for him while coming up with jackass . 
  they 're not really competitors as much as colleagues . 
  the original extreme duudsonit maailmankiertue on moontv where they `` traveled around the world '' from chile to tunisia but in reality every episode was filmed in the same sand pit in vantaa was the shit . 
  i taped every episode on vhs and watched them like a hundred times as a kid . 
  i 'm pretty sure regardless where you 're from your own country 's english accent sounds foolish and `` embarassing '' while others are exotic and cool . 
   they do n't have the khl in the game for a reason, 
  what 's the reason ? 
  khl asking for too much money ? 
  i 'm finnish and why the fuck would i not want to use the original language ? 
  \\  190 area represent, 
  since when does a joke equal getting upset ? 
  black people stealing bikes is a [ classic ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/nigga-stole-my-bike ) . 
  newfags . 
  newfags everywhere . 
  oooh snap, 
  i have never ever in my countless hours of playing minecraft had more than 1 world at a time . 
  i guess i 'm a minority though . 
   mostly teenagers ... forced to fight for a regime that they probably do n't even agree with . 
  so sad . 
  my grampa was 14 when he enlisted in the finnish army which was technically on the side of the axis . 
  he 's jewish . 
  you could say he did n't agree with the nazi beliefs . 
  well you can be anything you want but that does n't mean we are n't allowed to think you 're a little stupid for believing in fairy tales as an adult . 
  jesus was cool though , i like his teachings .
