  well , too bad for them ? 
  actually with console ( and game ) releases they usually ship x number to be sold in stores without preorders . 
  so there is a window where you can get it quicker by physically going to a store than preordering . 
  not saying that 's the case here , or that you could predict when that happens . 
  just pointing it out . 
  i hope kontrolfreek comes up with ps4 compatible sticks . 
  well of course they will , i 'm just hoping it happens soon after launch . 
  the only thing i 'm really worried about is the stick positioning . 
  we 'll just have to wait and see . 
   well then , there 's a over a million people who are n't too smart . 
  would you consider this a surprise ? 
  if someone came up to you on the street and told you there are over a million people in this world who are n't too smart you would be shocked ? 
  this one is pretty obvious but it 's smart to periodically check the `` background apps '' settings . 
  a lot of times updates or just some weird bugs fuck it up and blocked apps reappear . 
  not that often but i check it about once a month and usually there 's one or two allowed even though i 've already blocked them before . 
  none . 
  unless something new is announced it 's very unlikely i 'm getting a nextgen console before the release of the division . 
  that game does look amazing though . 
  if i had to pick one i 'd say watch dogs . 
   i feel like cod is always a generation or two behind battlefield . 
  you ca n't say that . 
  they are n't even trying to be the same kind of game . 
  the changes and overhauls that occur in both series are totally different . 
  apart from new weapons and game modes the only real changes to cod titles since mw1 have been how the kill streaks work while bf does n't even have kill streaks . 
  actually the biggest change to the cod series was how bo2 handled class creation and it definitely outperformed bf3 by giving the player true freedom . 
  i like both games , though i prefer battlefield , but i would never try comparing the two head on or claim one is `` more advanced '' than the other . 
  i would n't call it much of a secret, 
  besides there is no such thing as `` free '' . 
  it would come out of someone 's pocket sooner or later . 
  i do n't consider playing a game i enjoy `` grinding '' . 
  unless i actually am grinding , but i do n't remember playing an fps game where you had to grind to unlock weapons . 
  yet if you could pick the best sniper and the best scope out of the box , no one would ever even try using anything else . 
  i really do n't mind games `` forcing '' us to try different guns when we 're new to the game . 
  you unlock everything `` soon enough '' anyway in bf or cod . 
  besides , are n't attachments around 200 kills at most ? 
  200 kills in 3 weeks does n't sound that much . 
  well then if you only play rarely it 'll take you a longer time to complete a game . 
  it 's the same with any sort of video game , unlocking weapons is not that different from clearing missions etc. 
  just because i only have an hour a week to play the last of us i do n't complain that it takes me months to play through the campaign and that every level should be unlocked from the start . 
  so . . we did him a favor ? 
  when i 'm new to a game i love running around picking up other people 's weapons to get access to all kinds of cool weaponry and attachments i otherwise would n't have . 
  even if it 's just to see what people come up with and not to gain an advantage , as all weapons in a well balanced game should be about equal ( of course in real world this never happens ) . 
  if i could pick any weapon i wanted from the beginning none of the weapons would feel any more special or exotic than the others . 
  and i 'm not going to lie , dangling the next unlock in front of me like a carrot on a stick does work on me to keep me playing . 
  besides it feels a lot better when you finally find that one combo you love when you 've `` earned '' it . 
  i do n't think it 's pure bullshit . 
  i realize they are not the exact same thing , yet they have more in common than you admit . 
  both are progression through a game as the game developers saw fitting . 
  just because there 's no story forced down your throat does n't mean there ca n't be development on a grander scale than one 30 minute play session . 
  there 's never an `` obligation '' to use a certain weapon in bf3 unless that 's the very same weapon you 're trying to get the attachment for . 
  if there 's no other sniper rifle you like just use and all kit weapon until you unlock it . 
  the only problems here are the ones you create yourself . 
  playing a multiplayer game should be fun regardless of if you have the best weapon in the game or any one precise weapon . 
  if it feels like work trying to get it then the game probably is n't that entertaining even after you acquire it . 
  and if the developers felt like it 's better for the game to have a. each player work through the weapons and b. more variety in the guns on the battle field they 're probably have a good reason to think so . 
  they 've done a lot more playtesting than i ever will . 
  that 's the dumbest thing i 've read on this sub in a while . 
  i 've all but actually dropped out of school , i do n't have a job , i do n't pay my bills , i 'm always late to everything , i 'm yet to succeed in anything . 
  i like smoking weed though . 
  i 'm with you . 
  except when i stopped smoking weed for months i was still just as depressed , the only difference being i was depressed and sober . 
  i prefer depressed and high . 
   focused on success , status or money, 
  you do n't have to focus on those unless you want to . 
  well you need * some * money to survive , but `` status '' or `` success '' ? 
  that 's all in your head , do n't blame society for it . 
  really ? 
  i thought this was the daily / r/tress front page post with a `` twist ending '' of weed being good . 
  which it was . 
  besides euro users pay just as much as us users . 
  the content providers are the ones who may care , but they have no access to this info . 
  so in effect nobody cares . 
  you do n't need to delete your payment info . 
  just click `` end subscription '' . 
  it even lets you finish the month you `` paid '' for . 
  i know because i just did this . 
  netflix is only available in america ( as in the continent ) , uk and the nordic countries . 
  hardly anywhere . 
  i remember trying to fight him over a dozen times with absolutely no success . 
  then i decided to try co-op . 
  some guy two-shotted him . 
  it was anti-climactic . 
  oh boy that 's not even close to full retard . 
  i can do so much better . 
   things like this remind me how old a city actually is . 
  so . . like a 100 years ? 
  that 's cute . 
  anyone know why i should drink dr pepper specifically at 10-2 or 4 o'clock ? 
  can you make any money off of it or is it simply a hobby ? 
  btw this thread and the links are totally blowing my mind . 
  i myself use a pen or a pencil maybe once a year . 
  right now i do n't even think i own any . 
  hi every1 im new !!!!!!!, 
  holds up spork my name is katy but u can call me t3h pengu1n of d00m !!!!!!!!, 
  lol ... as u can see im very random !!!!, 
  thats why i came here , 2 meet random ppl like me _ ... im 13 years old ( im mature 4 my age tho !! ), 
  i like 2 watch invader zim w / my girlfreind ( im bi if u dont like it deal w/it ) its our favorite tv show !!!, 
  bcuz its soooo random !!!!, 
  shes random 2 of course but i want 2 meet more random ppl  like they say the more the merrier !!!!, 
  lol ... neways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so give me lots of commentses !!!!,
