  that 's why coffee brewed in a press tastes so much better as the time the beans are in contact with the water is much shorter than in a `` regular '' coffee maker . 
  it is , and op just reminded all the rest of us how long it 's going to be until the next season ; ___ ;, 
  that 's very true . 
  although i was n't going for exact numbers but more of a rough estimate . 
  a lot of people do n't know time even matters . 
  scandinavian coffee tastes like shit . 
  i do n't mean all coffee brewed here but the local brands ( = roasted here ) . 
  luckily almost all stores also sell quality coffee from france and italy etc. 
  a real alpha would have gone to sleep right after her and kicked her out the house in case she really did go apeshit over him falling asleep . 
  he put up with that crap for 10 hours , not alpha . 
  karma is nice when you submit oc . 
  i means people like what you 've done . 
  feels good man . 
  if it 's just a funny pic/link/video you found on the internet then i agree it 's worthless . 
  what is this i do n't even, 
  if you wa n't to enjoy cod - http://www.kontrolfreek.com/fps/fps.asp, 
  you have a rare opportunity to not have bad habbits already formed like most players who 've owned the 360 for a while and learn the correct way right away . 
  though even i who 've played for years before getting kontrolfreeks now never play without them . 
  except for certain games like ea sports but they snap off in a second if i do n't need them . 
  gamerankings, 
  metacritic, 
  review scores, 
  edge 5/10, 
  ** electronic gaming monthly 9/10 & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; **, 
  game informer 4/10, 
  gametrailers 5.9 / 10, 
  ign 4.5 / 10, 
  pc gamer uk 48/100, 
  destructoid 2.5 / 10, 
   and a bottle of rubbing alcohol, 
  every fucking tip on the internet includes rubbing alcohol . 
  and i just have to live in the one alcoholic country in the world where rubbing alcohol is n't sold over the counter, 
  cool pics but why are they so tiny, 
  and very nice, 
  lame . 
  nhl 2000 and the ones before that were much better because they used real nhl video . 
  i honestly remember watching [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spyq0ayrfbm ) every time i started up the game . 
  they make a huge difference . 
  not just in accuracy or k/d etc. 
  but in comfort . 
  the range of motion without them just feels so lacking these days . 
  and it 's great to be able to bump up your sensitivity for quick turns without losing the accuracy in longer distances . 
  yeah but most nhl hits are near the boards . 
  nfl hits are always `` open ice '' . 
  that 's what i 'd consider the biggest difference . 
  nature documentaries are the shit, 
  lol us being a decade behind as usual, 
  yeah i do n't think you understand sarcasm . 
  saying something dumb is n't sarcasm . 
  the comment you were responding to was sarcastic . 
  well this did happen in a night club and people in a night club tend not to be sober and people who are n't sober are sometimes known to act like assholes even if they normally are n't . 
  yeah i do n't hate nor love kids but i loved the way he focused on those last drops landing in the glass . 
  that 's dedication , he did n't give up just because the beginning of the pour did n't go perfectly . 
  a lot of people look at the scale while standing on it instead of getting off and then looking . 
  that tray or whatever looks really impractical, 
  i was expecting the employee to throw the coffee and get bullets in return . 
  pic with and without the bra so we can confirm if it 's truly the bra that 's hot or if daughter makes anything hot . 
  i think people forgot about the original socially awkward penguin . 
  the first sentence does n't have to be awkward in that one either . 
   made sure i knew what would happen if i was n't smiling, 
  this comment sounds extremely american . 
  i avoid people like you, 
  so . . pretty much like in the movies ? 
  american 's have a weird fixation with smiling though . 
  i was an exchange student in michigan for a year and i remember i kept hearing about `` practicing smiling '' in front of the mirror . 
  i took this business course in high school and our teacher even suggested it to us . 
  and do n't even get me started on the facebook pictures where you can see every single teeth . 
  like i said i tried installing the dlc to either hdd or usb drive without a difference . 
  i do n't think you can save dlc to cloud and regardless i have n't bought the cloud service . 
  and i also tried starting a campaign without the dlc ( deleting it prior to starting up the game ) and it still froze . 
  the game freezes either right away after choosing a difficulty or during the loading that follows that . 
  i did clean the disc even though there were no scratches on it ( it 's a brand new game i tore the plastic off myself tonight ) and rebooted about a dozen times with the same result . 
  should i just contact the store and ask for a new game ? 
  there are even more videos of him, 
  anyone else having really weird audio in the gcl philly feed ( nhl network ) ? 
  i guess it has something to do with showing the same game in english and french areas . 
  the commercials have all the sfx but some lack all or part of the voices . 
  you were subscribed to f7u12 and atheism until a month ago ? 
  unsubscribing from / r/atheism was the reason i created an account 2 years ago . 
  i ca n't understand a fucking word between `` superman '' and `` hot dog '' . 
  i do n't have any problems . 
  i hate women but avoiding them is real simple . 
  so no problems at all . 
  and now you 'll have the stunning realization every hut player has had at some point of their `` career '' . 
  the goalie stats matter absolutely nothing . 
  i 'm playing the wol campaign now just to get it out of the way before hots and i noticed i totally mmm every mission . 
  occasionally tanks but never ever any of the campaign-only units . 
  am i doing it wrong ? 
  are brood lords really supposed to be that tiny ? 
  they 're smaller than warp prisms and the same size as medivacs . 
  i always thought they were one of those units like carriers and battlecruisers that were smaller in-game for practical purposes . 
  yeah i play on hard . 
  it 's just that after watching starcraft for years and playing over a thousand games the mmm feels too familiar and reliable to suddenly use something i 've never seen before . 
  yeah but the d3 auction bug had to do with online auctions . 
  it 's pretty hard to do online auctions without being connected to the internet . 
  i 'd definitely give it a shot if you want to play hots single player though . 
  sc2 is the only game i play so why not own a mac ? 
  it beats windows in every way during regular internet browsing and whatnot and sc2 runs great . 
  butt hurt fan boys downvoting . 
  it sucks that there is no lan , how can anyone disagree ?
