  i do n't think it 's ludicrous to assume that maybe , just * maybe * their pride of their own penises might have lead to some prejudice ( from both sides of course ), 
  men , dicks and reasonable thought do n't mix too well . 
   it 's probably bullshit but it 's interesting . 
  no this actually sounds very probable and while it might not be the entire reason it definitely could have contributed . 
  organized religion was formed to control the masses . 
  been there . 
  done that . 
  for appearances sake i must mention that i took more than 2 minutes though . 
  i know . 
  i have family in the east coast . 
  and i know there are tens of thousands of completely rational people in the u.s. 
  but they also have an opposing force of religious and just otherwise loonatics with no match . 
  and to be honest it was the all around hypocrisy and `` fakeness '' that i just could n't deal with . 
  these are of course just cultural ** differences ** . 
  but nevertheless shocking for someone like me . 
  well they did n't really give me much time and i did ask for his source . 
  it went pretty much like this :, 
  `` excuse me , but in the slide 12a you said that condoms have a 75 % failure rate yet there was no citing of source and the number is over ten times higher than what i 've heard anywhere before '', 
  `` haha are n't you a nosy kid . 
  but you see abstinence has a 100 % success rate so you do n't have to worry '', 
  `` to the principals office !! '', 
  i know but they 're in nice bite-sized bits and the best parts are preselected for me . 
  i 've been ruined . 
  but are n't some flavoured like strawberries ? 
  the planet does n't give a fuck . 
  it 'll just be glad when were gone , 
  trust me , i was . 
  for days . 
  no but there the alcohol was clearly at fault . 
  you could argue that she would n't have lost control of the car if she had n't been drunk . 
  i admit there must be more than zero deaths which cannabis contributes to , but dying while stoned is n't the same thing either . 
  i was surprised these are actually waves . 
  i thought they were sand on a desert or something . 
  all i did was respond to this :, 
   there has never been a recorded case of death by marijuana overdose . 
  i 'm sure plenty of people have died while stoned . 
  exactly !, 
  do n't tease man, 
  i see them always every week . 
  not on highways but on large roads near residential areas/shopping centres . 
  haha that 's funny because if something i felt depressed that i was n't like them . 
  my gf smokes ( my ) weed and everything but it 's not like we 're really in it together . 
  to me this comic portrayed an ideal relationship . 
  and yes i admit i 'm addicted . 
  deal with it . 
  well i 'm pretty sure i 'm not addictive to anyone and i 'd consider myself a pretty addicted smoker so i guess i 'm just lucky !, 
  pulling my foreskin back to clean takes about 1/5th of a second fyi . 
  i get your point , but see a long hair is n't something you force on your child when she 's too young to make the decision ( that lasts a lifetime ) for herself . 
  there 's a difference . 
  i do n't really see what i would be desperate for . 
  in the absence of evidence that undoubtetly proves the irreversible mutilation to have significant benefits i think it 's wrong by default . 
  children should n't be mutilated for tradition . 
  period . 
  while i agree that they are two differe n't things they 're more like murder and manslaughter, 
  i did n't even bother reading the responses but just letting you know that you 're not alone . 
  never was into pink floyd , then i started smoking weed and after a few years i felt obligated to give it ( actually this album ) a new chance . 
  nope , still did n't like it . 
  so this `` hash tip '' . 
  is it worth it ? 
  i mean is the total amount of thc/achieved high lower or higher if you have a small bud with ridiculous crystals compared to a regular one ? 
  yes it 's your child but it 's not your property . 
  you ca n't just leave it in the dumpster if it does n't entertain you either . 
  i 'm not saying you 'd be a bad parent or anything , just that there are things that people should be able to choose for themselves instead of their parents ( religious ) background deciding it . 
  genital ( or any kind for that matter ) mutilation is right up there with tattoos and other permanent disfigurations . 
  it 's still a pretty good deal though . 
  a win-win situation one might say . 
  hey , me too and i love it . 
  except replace comic books with video games and basement with upstairs bedroom at parent 's house . 
  life is amazing though . 
  it 's because marijuana is addicting . 
  it 's addicting like reddit or masturbation . 
  they 're all great and i would n't want to give them up . 
  nothing more to it . 
  i guess when people say weed is n't addicting they mean you do n't get withdrawals or anything . 
  fyi incense is probably the worst way to cover up your smoking . 
  it 's sooo suspicious and clich\u00e9, 
  i have also come up with a genius plan to avoid talking to jehova 's witnesses . 
  i open the door and tell them i 'm not interested . 
  if they keep talking i close the door . 
  works in less than 10 seconds every time, 
  well firstly we disagree about a lot of things but i wo n't get to those since they 're unrelated and it 's not like anybody will change their minds . 
  but you have to understand that the decision to cut his penis will affect him long after he 's `` not your property '' . 
  you 're not only forcing what you want on him as a child , you 're forcing it when he turns 18 or 25 or 40 . 
  well you really should n't throw it around anyway, 
  [ high chart ] ( http://mybfolder.org/albums/userpics/10001/1274646761108.png ), 
  i 'm an atheist and shit like this , and especially the 32 likes , remind me that humanity is doomed and just really , really depresses me, 
  [ pretty sure this is related ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1dbag.jpg ), 
  sell someone a bag of shake and 0.5 g of good weed, 
  add the 0.5 g later so you seem like a good guy, 
  sorry but that was just too long for the amount of interest i have in your babies dicks . 
  also it just turned 5am . 
  wait . 
  in the picture it has a headphone jack . 
  could n't you just use that ? 
  thank you a thousand times . 
  i love c.k but i 've seen all his stand up dvd 's and other appearances i could find on the interwebs but it was n't nearly enough . 
  i never knew there was a tv show . 
  must . 
  download . 
  everything .
