  a sucker punch does n't mean you 're facing somebody . 
  you can , but more often than not sucker punches are from the side/behind . 
  i would n't call this a sucker punch though since the guy was n't the first one threw a punch . 
  i had n't read that and now i 'm sad that i did :(, 
  a picture that was posted to / b / was also posted to reddit a bit later ? 
  my god what has science done . 
  why would you ? 
  the whole idea of a reddit meetup is retarded . 
  it 's a relic from a time when people used to hang out on smaller message boards etc. 
  communities . 
  i do n't wan na be mean but most likely those meetups played a large role in some people 's social lives so they tried to keep the tradition going with reddit . 
  a site with millions of users . 
  which is why it 's stupid . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's called a * joke * . 
  and since when is right click -  upload to imgur -  paste -  click submit ridiculous lenghts ? 
  yeah but in bbs 's you typically have much smaller communities and know the people behind the nicknames . 
  i have no clue who any of the redditors are except for maybe karmanaut or novelty accounts because reddit literally has millions of users every day . 
  but the perfect waifu image is now destroyed, 
  you saw a @c : \\ data \\ programs \\ { 62f172d1-f552 ... option amongst the other settings on the phone and thought it was normal and everyone is supposed to have that ? 
  or equal to 3600 microsoft points ? 
  so under 40 $ ? 
  that includes every good game more than 2 months old . 
  the thing that ruined that game was that there were no multiplayer maps aside from the few 20 second beginner stages . 
  if you 're gon na introduce multiplayer , why the fuck would you not include stages ? 
  yes i 'm aware there 's user generated content but that 's very much hit or miss . 
  and the lack of `` skip map '' button in the menus means you have to restart your tournament whenever a map you downloaded is shit/unfinishable . 
  til only men can be creepy, 
   outside of r/seduction, 
  well i cringed, 
  i had one of those . 
  still better than the current touch screen garbage . 
  til the actor of dumbledore changed during harry potter movies, 
  how could that be sarcasm ? 
  i read the first 5 or 6 books . 
  the books had no actors so i 'd say that 's hardly relevant . 
  i 've seen some of the films . 
  i commented because i did n't know dumbledore had been replaced . 
  i do n't disagree with you but there 's a big difference between `` a reliable news source '' and `` the most reliable '' news source . 
  for a week ? 
  i change my t-shirt every day but i can go months with the same jeans . 
  basically however long it takes for me to get a visible stain on them . 
  latin countries are crazy when it comes to the cross . 
  and do n't forget africa starts at the alps . 
  not if i change my underwear, 
  koreans tried to take all the spots in eu as well . 
  our players just do n't suck . 
  is n't the current russian anthem exactly the same with the lyrics changed up a bit ? 
  but i agree with the poster above , i sometimes get chills from the american national anthem and i 'm not american . 
  russia has a great one as well . 
  we did have our fair share of koreans but you ca n't attend two of the qualifiers and na has the worst players so if they 're gon na play out of their own region of course most of them will play there, 
  i still do n't understand why people add their parents on facebook . 
  they 're not my `` friends '' , they 're my parents . 
  why would i add them on facebook ? 
  i do n't even post anything but i do n't want the risk of me being tagged to something and them seeing it or anything like that . 
  i know the risk is small but what are the benefits of befriending your parents on facebook ? 
  i have their phone number if i wan na talk to them . 
  or just do n't add them and not worry whether or not every post is correct . 
   a couple years ago, 
  that was quite many years ago , and on crt 's it saves energy . 
  some of us watch hockey though and they sing it during nhl games . 
  luckily most of the time they cut to commercials during the national anthems ( yes , that was sarcasm , i 'd rather hear the anthems ), 
  yeah i 'd rather be a student than work for a living . 
  then again i live in a country where college is free and the government pays for your rent and food etc. 
  while studying so it is n't half bad . 
  as someone who 's from finland the whole `` finnished '' joke is real novel and hilarious . 
  finland is included in norswdlandmark but it 's not a part of scandinavia, 
  iceland and finland are both part of the nordic countries but not part of scandinavia . 
  and no , finland should n't be a part of scandinavia . 
   scandinavia is a historical cultural-linguistic region in northern europe characterized by a common ethno-cultural germanic heritage and related languages that includes the three kingdoms of denmark , norway , and sweden . 
  swedish , norwegian and danish are almost the same language . 
  finnish is nothing alike . 
  because everyone who is n't fat has an eating disorder . 
  ` murica !, 
  i love real bananas , i hate everything `` banana flavoured '' . 
  they all taste the same but that taste has nothing to do with bananas . 
  i 've never tasted those but it sounds great . 
  some cereal have real dried banana bits in them and those taste amazing . 
  it lists real bananas in the ingredients though, 
  wow i never knew you could link to a subreddit that way, 
  how else could you pronounce it ? 
  oh ok i tried looking up the url before posting but apparently the video was rehosted and that 's why it did n't show up on reddit, 
  for the first time ever zach did n't look as young as in the first season of scrubs, 
  caesar dressing is a totally different dressing than ranch, 
  nice save but that does n't make any logical sense since you said `` enjoy ** your ** eating disorder '' to the guy calling someone else fat . 
  no it 's a thing in finland as well . 
  we call it `` sokerihumala '' which means `` sugar drunk '' . 
  hovioikeus is a higher court . 
  in finland there are three types of courts : district court ( k\u00e4r\u00e4j\u00e4oikeus ) , court of appeal ( hovioikeus ) and supreme court ( korkein oikeus ) . 
  once sentenced in district court you can appeal the decision higher . 
  and yes i agree it makes no sense but the court saw that since the man had a new family and a job sentencing him to prison would n't serve the greater good and was thus punished to only 50 hours of community service and 1,5 years of `` conditional discharge '' which is like parole without ever going to jail in the first place . 
  the word raiskata in this context means to rape as in forcing to have sex , but it is also used in a different manner , however that 's not seen as politically correct ( bayer munchen raiskasi barcelonan ) . 
   last year the winner of miss korea competition turned out to have gotten plastic surgery, 
  plastic surgery is not allowed ? 
  i thought everyone got plastic surgery in korea . 
  magic mouse is great for web surfing . 
  it has the best scrolling i 've ever seen in a mouse . 
  i like to play vidya so i use a razer imperator ( works great with mac btw ) but i still do miss the magic mouse scrolling and still use it as a secondary mouse on my couch . 
  that 's what you get for playing na ladder all day . 
  well that 's just bad parenting . 
  besides what kind of a 12-15 year old does n't know the word fuck ?
