  you 'll probably find some in your local super market . 
  it 's pretty tasty , somewhere between beef and game like moose . 
  they ate rat on madventures . 
  apparently it does n't even taste that bad . 
  the reason we do n't eat rat is probably that they carry lots of diseases . 
  no because those are real illnesses . 
  that 's a terrible analogy . 
  if they actually killed the actor to get the footage then it 'd be the same thing . 
  they use cgi or other effects to show someone getting killed . 
  the bodies of the women getting ridiculed are n't cgi or trick photography . 
  they 're not portraying the role of an ugly woman . 
  they are themselves and are paid not to walk away while humiliated . 
  that 's not acting even if you pay them and film it . 
  differing opinion from the brainwashed hivemind = troll . 
  remember that the only way to treat illnesses is medication . 
  especially mental illnesses . 
  even little kids should know that , it 's on tv after all . 
  says who ? 
  some sort of real science that can be proven ? 
  or statements from people who claim to suffer from `` social anxiety '' and want pity/to play victim/to escape responsibility ? 
  it 's shyness . 
  that 's what being shy feels like . 
  i was exactly the same for everyone else but instead of being pussies and hiding behind a `` medical condition '' most people built up the courage and got over it . 
  what you call `` social anxiety disorder '' is what i call shyness . 
  everyone feels shyness at some point in their life . 
  some people get over it at a very young age . 
  some never build up the courage to get over it and thus we have people `` suffering from a disorder '' . 
  social anxiety is a feeling . 
  it 's not a disorder . 
  i 've felt it often . 
  everyone has . 
  certain type of people are more likely than others to feel it but everybody knows it . 
  there 's no hard science proving the existence of `` social anxiety disorder '' . 
  the only record of it are statements from people allegedly suffering from it and/or their doctors . 
  i believe those people are simply escaping responsibility and hiding behind a `` medical condition '' because they lack the willpower to do something about it . 
  it would n't be the first time this has happened . 
  sounds like your body is malfunctioning . 
  perhaps also making you socially awkward is nature 's way of trying to ensure the quality of the gene pool ? 
  i 'm sorry but it 's still nothing but `` patient '' statements . 
  now i want you to take a look at this from my perspective . 
  you 're acting shy . 
  someone tells you to `` man up '' ( i personally do n't like this expression but i can imagine it 's something one would often hear ) . 
  you explain how your shyness is not like everyone else 's shyness but super-shyness we ca n't even begin to imagine . 
  now let 's see which sounds more probable . 
  your brain being somehow altered resulting in `` social anxiety disorder '' which makes you perceive the world completely differently or you being a wuss and exxagerating the symptoms like a little kid to his mother the day of the big exam . 
  well , you already know what i chose . 
  i 'm not going to hide behind the `` troll '' card . 
  this is what i actually believe . 
  the same goes for many other `` medical conditions '' such as aspergers and 99 % of add cases . 
  europeans do n't smile with their teeth out or literally roll on the floor laughing whenever we 're amused . 
  we also do n't jump around and scream from the top of our lungs for minutes on end whenever we 're selected to participate in a reality show . 
  tabasco tastes like nothing but vinegar . 
  it 's not even spicy , i do n't know why they call it a hot sauce . 
  but it does posess the unique ability of ruining any food it gets sprinkled on . 
  no matter what it was , it 'll taste like tabasco and tabasco only . 
  well to be fair everyone has . 
  the rest of the world has kinda grown out of it recently though . 
  if you lived in the nordic countries you 'd understand his anger . 
  see the way our countries work is we have very high taxes and in return you get very good social security . 
  actually it 's so good that you can easily live on welfare and lead a quality life . 
  you can get more money off the government than you would in a part time mcdonalds job for example . 
  the only reason the system works is sort of an unwritten agreement . 
  some people call it dignity or ambition or `` having a spine '' . 
  of course there are always some people who will take advantage of the system , but their numbers have always been small enough for everything to balance out . 
  or until recently they were . 
  imagine two muslims trying to decide which country to move to . 
  one is a doctor and a very bright mind . 
  the other is lazy and stupid . 
  now take a guess which one is more likely to choose a country where you can potentially earn a lot of money , and which one will choose a country where you do n't have to get your ass off the couch to get a nice sum of money each month . 
  reddit still often considers the nordic countries as some sort of an image of perfection ( alongside canada ) . 
  well that perfection is slowly but surely getting pooped on by who else but muslims . 
  yes i know this is n't justification to hate all muslims , but it should explain to you why we are so inclined to . 
  well what do you know . 
  my university 's `` libproxy '' actually works with medical journals as well . 
  fascinating . 
  i 'm not a doctor though so unfortunately i 'd probably learn as much from this text as if i was blocked by the paywall . 
  well that sounds a bit exxagerated . 
  remember you 're comparing the world 's most capitalist country to the most socialist countries . 
  just because you implement something like public healthcare which should be a part of any civilized nation does n't mean you 'll suddenly go from one extremity all the way to the other . 
  adblock does catch virtually everything . 
  yeah everything is of course impossible but like 99,99 % . 
  i honestly have never had this problem , but i guess it has more to do with the fact that i try to have a minimal amount of tabs open unlike some people who have like hundreds . 
  but this picture has absolutely nothing to do with cringe , it just mentions bronies . 
  i have no problem with people posting brony shit when it 's cringeworthy which is like 95 % of the time but this is n't one of those times . 
  i thought i was on r/funny . 
  this has nothing to do with cringe . 
  the only people claiming weed is totally harmless are young kids who have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  most people realize it 's dangers but the point is that for an intoxicant it 's relatively harmless . 
  of course being sober 24/7 would be healthier than smoking weed , but if you like most people occasionally enjoy becoming intoxicated doing it with weed is less unhealthy than most alternatives . 
  the difference is autism is a real disorder unlike aspergers . 
  i 've only watched ice road truckers a few times when it was new but is there anything to that show except stock footage of trucks driving on ice or a camera inside the cockpit with some `` ice cracking '' sound effects added to it ? 
  nothing ever happened when i watched it . 
  the only `` action '' were those sound effects . 
  i thought this was a screencap of the time machine subreddit april fool reposted . 
  it is n't ? 
  r/xsmall was banned . 
  i do n't know how it differed from / r/dirtysmall or why one is ok but not the other, 
  soccer is gay because of the diving . 
  also i do n't understand your logic of `` soccer is not gay because in a completely other sport ... '' . 
  no one was talking about american football or comparing it to soccer .
