  it does sound a tiny bit better in my native language and a lot of my friends use it as well so it 's not that awkward . 
  though i do admit i sometimes use it with random people out of habit . 
  but yeah i know internet should stay in the internet . 
  that 's what i thought at first as well . 
  then i noticed the matching hat . 
  you can call mcdonalds ? 
  does n't make it untrue, 
  why was this comment downvoted ? 
  despite what many liberals want you to believe finland with all it 's extremely leftist policies is n't a heaven on earth with rainbows and candy waterfalls . 
  we have so much fucking depression , alcoholism and suicides . 
  and not just suicides , we also kill each other over twice as much as our neighbours . 
  wp8 's really been awesome, 
   throw your money at these guys . 
  they deserve it . 
  yeah that 's really the only reason i might fund this . 
  to thank them for all the comics over the years . 
  i 'm a huge fan of them but i 'm yet to see a single good animated short . 
  they should just stick to the comics if you ask me . 
  exactly . 
  while i think it 's amazing how american police departments use helicopters to their advantage i will never understand why in every arrest video i see police just keep arriving at the scene after the guy is caught . 
  in the end there 's always like 12 policemen there . 
  you 'd think they would just drive away after seeing the guy in cuffs but most of them seem to get out of their cars and just kinda wander around the arrest scene . 
  every time there 's an arrest video posted to reddit/internet it 's the same thing . 
  almost like there 's some sort of reason for it , i 'd love to know what if so . 
  well first of all it 's not a computer, 
  it took you a minute to calculate 2 times 2 in your head ? 
  aeropress is the shit . 
  i did n't expect it to be this durable . 
  i 've had mine for 7 years and it 's still like new . 
  pretty good value for 20 something dollars . 
  because in real life a group of 6 white friends without a token black guy could never exist ? 
  i do n't think the show was broadcasted widely outside the us unlike most american hit shows . 
  i had never heard of it before reddit . 
  why would you browse reddit while watching a movie ? 
  especially one like eternal sunshine . 
  i could somehow understand if you were watching a splatter movie for the action parts or something but this i just ca n't wrap my head around . 
  actually if a girl is willing to listen to 10 minutes of pronounciation tips she likely wants the d, 
  you can disable the camera sound though . 
  and other than the sound mac 's screen shotting features are like a light year ahead of windows . 
  to be honest it 's nothing really that complicated so it 's not apple 's brilliance as much as it 's kinda bizarre how windows still sucks in that regard . 
  the only thing i 've seen her in is that `` okay '' gif but i 've seen that gif like a billion times so if you add up all the seconds i 've watched her face it 's probably longer than a movie . 
  i 've played cs since beta and do n't think i 've once used the game chat . 
  neither have i heard it being used by anyone more than a few times . 
  it 's always teamspeak/ventirlo/mumble / whatever, 
   i have n't added anyone to my friends list in 2 years - we always just use party chat when gaming . 
  so you do n't add people if you have n't spoke with them ? 
  i often add players who play well and prioritize objectives and teamwork like myself . 
  even if i was playing in a party with my friends at the time . 
  maybe next time i get online i 'll play with the new guy in a party . 
  oh the poor multi billion dollar food chain . 
  why does n't anyone think of what 's best for them . 
  it 's not like they have hired professionals lobbying their interests and fucking you over daily . 
  why ? 
  if the store had accidentally labeled something wrong and you paid the extra $ 45 they would n't go through receipts and mail you the extra money back . 
  i 'd understand if it was like a small family business butcher but this is a huge food chain . 
  no one will suffer because of the lost $ 45 . 
  it does n't effect anything . 
  except you get a good deal for once in your life . 
  unless you 're stupid enough to actually think that it 's your responsibility to make sure that this multi billion dollar company can get every single cent possible . 
  i 'd rather call you a dumbass . 
  why are you trying to make this into a moral thing ? 
  op said he saved $ 45 on steaks . 
  that 's correct , he saved $ 45 on steaks . 
  he did n't say he followed the moral codes of every internet stranger and saved $ 45 . 
  he just said he saved $ 45 . 
  they 'll count it up as the cost of doing business . 
  no one will care about the $ 45 . 
  and you 're a brainwashed fucking idiot for thinking it 's the morally correct thing to do to fuck over yourself if you got an opportunity like this . 
  the supermarket chain does n't care about you , why is it your job to make sure the store can get every single cent possible even when the law says it 's perfectly ok to get free steak ? 
  he 's being taken advantage every single day of his life . 
  these billion dollar industries have hired people who 's entire job is to make life better for the company and worse for you . 
  they 're called lobbyists , maybe you 've heard of them if you 've ever read a newspaper . 
  only a dumbass would n't take advantage of the store in a situation like this , even the law 's on your side . 
  i can guarantee you the ceos of iga are not going to stop and think if something that fis ethically acceptable if it 's legal and saves them money . 
  and no it does n't raise any prises . 
  it 's $ 45 . 
  sometimes shit breaks , they account for stuff like this . 
  it 's the cost of doing business . 
  and after noticing the first customer buying 6kg of free steak they 'll probably correct the rest of the labels . 
  it wo n't affect a thing . 
  it 's already calculated into the prices , these things happen . 
  the store probably has revenue of hundreds of thousands of dollars daily if not more . 
  did you think they went and added a fraction of a cent to each product because of the stakes ? 
  no , they already account for possible human errors or damaged goods in their prices . 
  if anything you should be glad that some of that money taken from the shoppers `` just in case '' actually made it back to another customers pocket instead of just being additional income had there not been any problems this month . 
  i own a mac and a windows computer . 
  i use linux at school . 
  if you have to throw the biased card when someone mentions one small thing that 's better in another operating system you 're really insecure . 
   and yes , it does raise the prices . 
  when costs go up , prices go up . 
  do you not get that ? 
  no it does n't . 
  they already account for possible human errors or damaged goods in their prices because this is not the first time in the history of grocery stores this happened . 
  did you think they went and spread that $ 45 across all other products in the store ? 
  what did the slap on a sticker with .002 cents more to make up for his steaks ? 
  no , it 's a projected cost that all stores face sooner or later . 
  this time the additional cost was n't `` just in case '' but actually ended up back in the pockets of another customer . 
  if anything you should be glad . 
  of course . 
  a business can ask whatever they want .
