  ignorance is bliss, 
  for making a joke ? 
  i know reddit is already filled with this shit but . . only in america, 
  because smoking weed is a competition, 
  colombia is the shit . 
  lb and rb both quick as hell . 
  guarin with 93 shot power . 
  martinez and quadraro or whatever are both good midfielders with 85 + speed also . 
  falcao and quintero ( how did you not mention quintero !? ), 
  as strikers . 
  quintero is small but has ~ 95 acceleration and 80 something finishing . 
  what 's a `` linked player '' ? 
  were you playing alone or with a guest ? 
  or did this happen right when you started the game up ? 
   assault rifle class character model, 
  i always knew snipers looked different in mw games but i never realized the other weapon types would affect the model as well . 
  are there separate skins for all the different weapon types ? 
   but how does somebody just tuning in feel about this sort of game ? 
  i refer you to my earlier statement, 
   who cares ? 
  haters gon na hate, 
  ctf has good spawns . 
  one team on one side and one on the other . 
  i ca n't understand how they fucked up the demolition spawns in mw3, 
  i have n't watched nba in years . 
  a couple of months a go i was flipping through channels and came across some random game . 
  there was like 3.30 left in the clock so i decided to watch it till the end . 
  it turns out that took about 30 minutes . 
  in hockey that would mean scrums and fights etc. 
  in nba it meant people standing around and commercials . 
  yeah i 'm a ducks fan and especially the first brown clip is nowhere near diving . 
  you can even see the stick get stuck between both his legs while skating at full speed . 
  that does tend to knock you off balance . 
  yeah 3minutes 30 seconds but where i 'm from it 's marked with a '' . '', 
  instead of a '' : '' , 
  spaghetti was funny in the one single original post . 
  it has n't been funny since . 
  oh the propaganda actually did work on somebody, 
   what you need is a good grammar book . 
  you ca n't pick it up through immersion as the rules are just too complex, 
  finnish grammar has rules ? 
  he was perfect for anaheim as well . 
  in fact it 's hard to imagine a team that could n't use him . 
  e. quote from wikipedia about the 2010 finals :, 
   pronger who had a strong playoff performance and lead a team that traded for him to the finals for the third time in a row . 
  conversely , his former team continued another bizarre streak , as the anaheim ducks missed the playoffs . 
  no team that traded pronger away qualified for the playoffs the following year . 
  pronger has made the playoffs with every team that he has played for , except for the whalers , and in every season , again except for the whalers . 
   the ending of the last season was phenomenal, 
  you really thought so ? 
  i love the series and think it 's the best comedy on tv right now but i thought the high school reunion episodes were probably the worst ones so far in the entire series . 
  my friends who follow the series did n't much enjoy them either . 
  f\u00f6dd 7 april 1985 ( 27 \u00e5r ) iran, 
  you do n't have to know swedish to tell he was n't born in 98, 
   underprivileged = poor = violent, 
  it 's funny because it 's true, 
  i was eating when i opened this . 
  i 'm still eating . 
  well to be fair rotten.com was used to scare girls at school 10 years ago as well . 
  some things never change . 
   the 2.3 overnight rating was just shy of game 1 between the 2.4 rating drawn in game 1 between the wings and avs ten years ago . 
  indeed, 
  it has local multiplayer but it 's not split-screen . 
  if you fall too much behind you get a `` death '' like in micro machines . 
  who cares though . 
  all their bitching wo n't take that kill away from you . 
  most of the time ( if they 're noobs , which is most of the time in cod ) they 'll just get frustrated and sprint twice as much . 
  thus providing you with even more kills . 
  it 's funny how many people nowadays do n't even understand the concept of footsteps . 
  for me counter-strike was the game i learned fpss with and that game was all about footsteps . 
  no one would ever even consider playing coutner-strike without headphones . 
  hardcore ( or core ) as a specialist with sitrep pro and dead silence < 3, 
  yeah i always run with sitrep pro and most of the time mk14 rapid fire . 
  two nights ago i got three angry voice messages from some british guy . 
  too bad the only word i could understand was `` banned '' . 
  you ca n't listen to voice messages on xbox.com , otherwise i 'd ask someone to translate for me . 
  actually based on some polls on the matter i 've seen on websites it 's more like 70 % sitting . 
  standing is the only ** correct ** way though , 
  hair trimmer . 
  just run it along the ass cheeks . 
  takes like 15 seconds . 
  gifsoup ? 
  so there 's a video ? 
  you can wear one of those carnival masks !, 
  what 's wrong with spandex ( underarmor ) underwear under shorts or something ? 
  i do n't give a shit about someone 's personal karma . 
  this crap is till taking space from actual quality posts i 'd like to see . 
  and there have been posts with over 4000 karma before . 
  downvoted . 
  besides there are usually 4 defenders out there and 1 or 2 strikers . 
  it 's not that hard to aim . 
  what i do hate though is when the keeper decides to roll the ball instead of throwing it and right into the strikers feet . 
  sometimes this happends even though you press 3/4 of the power . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  downvoted simply for playing with real madrid, 
  this is one of those things you do with your friends but if it 's a random dude on the internet ? 
  i just tell myself he 'd probably be as much of a dick to me . 
  that 's the beauty of it . 
  if the post was titled `` 3rd hand fail '' it would n't be fun at all . 
  i get it 's a joke but you ca n't actually bunny hop in cod ( dolphing diving is another issue though ) .
