  city of god - ( 2002 , fernando meirelles ) ( jonathan haagensen , alexandre rodrigues ), 
  crouching tiger , hidden dragon - ( 2000 , ang lee ) ( chow yun-fat , michelle yeoh ), 
  the pianist - ( 2002 , roman polanski ) ( adrien brody , frank finlay ), 
  the departed - ( 2006 , martin scorsese ) ( leonardo dicaprio , matt damon ), 
  mystic river - ( 2003 , clint eastwood ) ( sean penn , tim robbins , kevin bacon ), 
  no country for old men - ( 2007 , ethan & joel coen ) ( tommy lee jones , javier bardem , josh brolin ), 
  pan 's labyrinth - ( 2006 , guillermo del toro ) ( ariadna gil , ivana baquero ), 
  brokeback mountain - ( 2005 , ang lee ) ( heath ledger , jake gyllenhaal , michelle williams ), 
  lord of the rings : the fellowship of the rings - ( 2001 , peter jackson ) ( elijah wood , ian mckellen ), 
  there will be blood - ( 2007 , paul thomas anderson ) ( daniel day-lewis , martin stringer ), 
  traffic - ( 2000 , steven soderbergh ) ( michael douglas , benicio del toro ), 
  the diving bell and the butterfly - ( 2007 , julian schnabel ) ( mathieu amalric , marie-jos\u00e9e croze ), 
  yi yi - ( 2000 , edward yang ) ( wu nien-jen , kelly lee ), 
  sure they still make some good movies but even if you look at those lists of critical successes 00s still do n't come even close imo . 
  ( commercial top5 would be avatar , dark knight , shrek 2 , pirates of the caribbean 2 , spider-man ** vs ** titanic , jurassic park , forrest gump , the lion king , independence day ), 
  i do n't agree with you . 
  things do change and some changes are inevitably bad and others good . 
  right now i think the changes from the 90s we 've made so far have been mostly bad . 
  no more cool car chases with stunt drivers or proper hand-to-hand or gunfights . 
  tons of extremely quick cuts , things flashing , camera shaking and cgi added everywhere . 
  in action movies these days you have no idea what 's going on . 
  yeah well i 've heard focusing your skills on pretty much anything and `` optimizing '' leveling will make you op and the game way too easy to even be fun so i try to experiement and spread skills evenly . 
  still it 's pretty easy . 
  well of course they are . 
  but you ca n't start a conversation about arts and expect a scientific answer that proves beyond doubt one to be right . 
  the best i can do is try to refresh your memory . 
  i 'm not but how ? 
  removing your gold ? 
  giving merchants endless gold and thus breaking the game even more ? 
  injectables is where i draw the line . 
  take drugs . 
  steal shit . 
  rape women . 
  well i mostly watch action movies so yes , of course that has an effect on my views . 
  i 've seen five of the movies listed . 
  now i 'm not saying there are no good movies made anymore or that all the movies used to be good ( because they certainly were n't ) , just that especially big budget hollywood movies nowadays are boring as fuck . 
  there is no edge , nobody is actually evil or if they are they are sure to fail in every way . 
  it seems movies are made primarily for conserned parents . 
  probably largely due to the fact that young people do n't pay for movies as much these days . 
  just look at die hards . 
  1-3 were all rated r . in die hard 4 they actually went back and removed the blood packs used during filming via cgi and cut off the scene where he says his catch phrase to make the film pg-13 . 
  makes me cringe . 
  yeah i have something like 75 smithing and 85 enchanting . 
  i have n't even been exploiting that much , comes pretty quickly naturally ( as long as you improve and enchant every weapon you make ) . 
  if you 're overencumbered you can drink a potion that lasts 30 seconds or whatever and fast travel as far as you want , 
  i love co-op campaings . 
  i buy every game with a split screen co-op . 
  that being said , gears of war sucked dick ( 1 & 2 , have n't tried 3 ) . 
  i do n't know what it is ( maybe the gray on gray color scale ) but i simply did n't enjoy them . 
  and the gameplay is n't worth all the praise either . 
  i honestly think army of two 1 & 2 were way better games . 
  when i first started up rdr i played it 12 hours straight for the sheer cowboy awesomeness . 
  two days later around the time i got to mexico i was so bored i could n't go on . 
  i put the disc back into xbox like a month later to give it a second chance but had to stop after one mission . 
  too bad . 
  well that is interesting because i loved the world and the concept of bioshock 1 but the controls were so horrible i literally stopped playing after an hour and never started again . 
  this . 
  and i play tons of fpss on both consoles and pc but i simply could n't enjoy halo . 
  the online mp was boring , the coop campaign was boring , guns were boring , enemies even more boring . 
  halo 1 on the old xbox with 4 players split screen mp was decent fun for a while back then but if i want nostalgia i 'll rather just play and old cod or goldeneye or something . 
  just to make sure you understood . 
  i have nothing against cgi in itself . 
  it 's only when it 's used to cover up everything and mask the low production value or lazy film making that i 'm irritated by cgi . 
  the bourne trilogy , taken and sin city were awesome . 
  not denying that . 
  but the rest of the list were pretty much no-brains slaughterfests . 
  not that i have a problem with that , i 've seen and enjoyed almost every movie on that list , but i miss the good old psychological thriller action movies that were very popular in the 90s . 
  crank , transporter etc. 
  are more of a 2000s equivelant for steven seagal movies . 
  which are great if you 're in the mood but i miss more movies like ronin , heat , se7en . . hell even fight club could be considered an action movie . 
  i still mostly watch new movies and enjoy a great deal of them , but very few of my new favourites have been commercial successes . 
  e. ps . 
  one thing the 2000s did better was comic movies . 
  the `` more realistic '' spider-mans , batmans etc. 
  loved them all . 
  unlike the 90s with their jim carrey as riddler etc. 
  you mean all 152 ? 
  i 'm not saying these movies were better because they were on a list . 
  i just googled a list because i was too lazy to make up my own just to remind people what movies came out in the 90s and if i look at that list in my opinion the 90s has a lot better titles on it . 
  i 'm 41 in my first and only save without a house , 
  i actually tried getting one just last night and because i had a quest to `` buy a house in solitude '' that 's where i went but could n't find anyone willing to sell me one :(, 
  crack is an american drug ( created of course by the cia to keep black people down etc ) . 
  ca n't be found here so do n't have to worry about it . 
  i 've had it selected for like a year and a half and i constantly need to keep clicking annotations off . 
  i 've never logged out , the option is still selected etc. 
  it just does n't work . 
  yes . 
  for me it 's like a reflex clicking them off every time i open a youtube page . 
  lb is early cross . 
  rb does nothing . 
   i can only say that heading is pure luck . 
  no it is n't . 
  i usually win around 75 % of headers since i realized how the entire thing works . 
  it 's pretty much all about positioning but shoving the opponent can make a difference too . 
  this is my question as well and i ca n't understand why you 're so downvoted . 
  maybe like a doggystyle where the man is clearly on top instead of being behind her . 
  anal probably works best . 
  ass handed to you by an archer ? 
  in skyrim ? 
  i believe the `` doubt '' button was called pressure or force or something like that during the entire production .
