  there are thousands if not millions of different sorts of entertainers already on this planet . 
  which begs the question how the fuck is this guy so popular , his videos are shitty . 
  yeah i agree the smell of sweat can definitely resemble weed . 
  it 's probably just a coincidence and not actually related but i notice the same from time to time . 
  who the fuck calls cops on their own child unless that child is about to seriously hurt himself or others ? 
  you should give it a shot, 
  if you 're in your mid 20 's you should n't move out because your parents are abusive . 
  you should move out because you 're in your mid 20 's . 
  you do n't need to disapper in the night . 
  kids are supposed to leave home by that point . 
  i wonder what that was, 
  probably not the easiest approach for the situation, 
  dude i 'm pretty sure they would n't sell carbor filters with pictures of weed leaves designed for joints and pipes if you were n't supposed to smoke through them . 
  they only stop tar and other carcinogens . 
  i do n't know the science but i do have plenty of personal experience getting high smoking through them . 
  yeah i get that and have also handed my phone number to my neighbours in case we 're being too loud but still at the end of the day i do n't give a shit about my neighbours and they probably feel the same way . 
  they 're just random people who happen to live in a similiar address . 
  your own child is supposed among the people you love and care for the most in the world . 
  nobody wins when cops get involved . 
  yeah i can understand that . 
  i live in a city so it 's not that i `` hate '' my neighbours , i just honestly do n't care to get to know them . 
  i have enough friends that i do n't need to get to know new people simply because we happen to live in the same building . 
  i do have one neighbour i hang out and smoke with but i already knew him way way back before living here . 
  nah man http://www.head-nature.com/04576, 
  they 're pretty good but i really really hate that they put a picture of a leaf on there . 
  if they were just plain white it 'd be much easier to explain to the police in case they search you or find a roach . 
  yeah considering that a vast majority of europe where i 'm from lives in apartment buildings i think you 're making a pretty big generalisation/assumption there . 
  apartments are full of normal people just like any other place . 
  just the fact you refer to people living in apartments as `` dwellers '' tells me you 're probably from the country side . 
  yeah been there done that . 
  i think pretty much all the kids i grew up with had a period of shoplifting purely for the excitement . 
  free chocolate and computer games were cool too . 
   you can generally find a 3 bedroom house with a live-able basement for around 700usd a month, 
  dude wtf . 
  i 'm looking for a new apartment right now and everything from one ** room ** ( not 1 bedroom but just a single room , `` studio apartment '' i believe it 's called ? ), 
  is like 650 $ -  so i 'll probably end up paying around $ 1k ( alone ) for a 1 bedroom . 
  your apartments sound like crap i got ta admit . 
  here it 's the standard way of living . 
  i did n't grow up in an apartment but once you move out of home there really is no other choice than an apartment . 
  they 're not in bad shape and regular working people and students live here . 
  maybe a bit less families than in the suburbs , if you ask me it 'd be fine if there were no families at all . 
   i would bet it is safe to say your apartments may includes some utilities too , most of ours make you pay for everything except water . 
  haha that 's the fucked up part . 
  it does n't even include water . 
  water is like $ 15 a month :d, 
  my cousin lived in manhattan with her husband in a 15m2 apartment ( ~ 160 sq feet ) and their rent was $ 1700 . 
  it was a nice location though . 
  haha i 've gotten searched so many times without getting caught your comment makes me laugh . 
  appearance and details do make a difference . 
  especially if you 're hanging out outside somewhere and the police see a roach like that on the ground . 
  gives them probable cause immediately . 
  this just in . 
  a homosexual working in the entertainment industry !, 
  this also speaks a lot about hockey in itself . 
  it does n't have to be basketball you compare it to . 
  for example the english premier league has been active in its current form for 20 seasons now with 12 championships going to manu . 
  in spain it 's been 10 years since someone else than barcelona or real madrid won the championship . 
  no matter what league or sport you compare it to the nhl is an extremely evenly matched and surprising league . 
  that 's what makes it so enjoyable to follow . 
  yeah well minecraft is one of those games that requires you to do that . 
  i have n't played in a while so do n't know if they updated it in some way but the game never tells you how to craft anything . 
  you 're supposed to look up all the `` recipes '' . 
  yeah . 
  especially when those words do n't actually mean anything . 
  no matter how badly you wanted she wo n't partner up with you . 
  that idea sucks . 
  mf is fun . 
  it 's one of those `` extra '' stats that does n't directly affect the game , so if you 're confident enough in your gear and skills you can gamble and swap out some defense/offense for more magic find and long term benefit . 
  i like it . 
  even if i stopped playing right now i still got ~ 130 hours of fun out of it . 
  for 50 $ that 's not bad . 
   no point , because you 've already stomped the game . 
  no you have n't . 
  in nightmare i had a period ( act1-3 ) where my character was op compared to the enemies . 
  so i stacked a shitload of magic find , was still able to progress in the game but also got better loot than my party members . 
  i do n't see what revolutionary change to the dungeon crawler genre has happened in recent years that would make stats brought over from d2 `` antiquated '' or `` short sighted design '' . 
  if you post a gif dump there is no other possible consequence than a sauce party, 
  presence of red barrels, 
  i was an exchange student in america and i had a physics class where we `` re-learnt '' the si units . 
  i fucking hated how unnecessarily difficult they made it . 
  you do n't need to teach kids about dekas and hectos . 
  no wonder they did n't learn kilo and milli when there were like 12 different ones to memorize most of which were useless . 
  decilitre is fairly common measurement though . 
  does n't matter who invented it it 's a really really bad system . 
  i do n't hate it because it 's the american system , i hate it because it makes things unnecesarily difficult . 
  and it 's not a matter of `` being used to '' . 
  12 inches to a feet and 3 feet to a yard and 1760 yards to a mile is simply not logical . 
  compared to 100cm -  1m , 1000m -  1km . 
  you can make any calculation or conversion in your head in a fraction of a second just by moving the decimal point . 
  i hate it when people try to make this some sort of national heritage patriotism thing . 
  one system is simply better than the other . 
  you should start using it purely as a human walking on this earth , your nationality is of no importance . 
  no one is conforming to anything . 
  the imperial system is n't `` relevant '' to anybody . 
  it 's illogical because it 's unnecessarily difficult and complicated . 
  what 's 18264 inches in miles ? 
  how long would it take you to solve that in your head ? 
  probably not long if you 've memorized all the calculations , like 5-6 seconds ? 
  i can tell you in less time than it would take to operate a stopwatch that 18264 cm is 182.64 m or 0.18 km . 
  and i do n't have to learn new conversions and multiplication ratios for each measurement .
