  she was a woman -  `` she was weak '', 
  they were men -  `` defendans were big bully types '', 
  most reasonable explanation becomes beyond reasonable doubt . 
  oh what a surprise, 
  why , why , why ? 
  i 've been f5 ` ing this subreddit like a motherfucker for a submission like this and the one time i play bo non-stop for hours one shows up and i 'm the 4th man here . 
  well , my gt is nappalive if you want a practice buddy or something, 
  i do n't have time in the day to reddit , play videogames and excercise . 
  i 'm already in a relationship so i get pussy anyway . 
  guess which one i dropped . 
  i used to play sports on a national level and was in shape . 
  i pretty much know what to do . 
  the problem is i hate running and excercise even though i love sports . 
  i do n't mind the running when it 's a side-product but i 'd rather get cardiac arrest at 50 than go out running . 
  thanks man . 
  i did n't expect you to , just mad at myself for not checking the subreddit while playing :p, 
  you can just invite me to any fucking around public play session as well . 
  i enjoy playing with redditors . 
  same reason people do n't like cheaters on pc . 
  i grew up playing quake and counter-strike . 
  to me auto-aim is always auto-aim . 
  e. btw i just gave it another chance and went 26-2 in a half-assed domination game with s & d classes . 
  maybe i should just quit bitching and embrace my newly found additional skills . 
  honestly i had n't even thought about auto-aim until today . 
  i tried to join a team of my own sport last spring . 
  i actually went to 3 practices before the team broke up :d, 
  ever since then i 've just been procrastinating . 
  honestly in games like cod where your enemies are using auto-aim as well i understand using it . 
  to keep it fair and equal etc. 
  but i never understood who the fuck uses auto-aim in single player games . 
  especially in games like gta where it just perfectly locks on even behind cover . 
  what 's the fun in that ? 
  might as well just watch the gameplay from youtube . 
  `` link to the original artist ! '', 
  `` do n't use mirrors ! '', 
  someone actually links directly to source, 
  every time i forget to mute the entire cod lobby :, 
  `` i have a 9 to 5 job dickface what do you do all day little faggot ? 
  practice this fucking game !? 
  i bet you 're a virgin you shit eating piss drinking maggot fucking scum '', 
  `` mommyyy ! '', 
  and it 's always the grownups that rage . 
  kids are just like `` u mad ? '', 
  no actually this was an honest question to begin with . 
  all the `` you stupid faggot '' answers provoked me to dick swinging as i realized using auto-aim was more common than i though . 
  it 's exactly like a cheat . 
  a cheat that everyone uses . 
  the game would be 10 times better if it was the same for everyone and by that i mean no computer aid whatsoever . 
  i mean why not ? 
  you 're not playing against pc players anyway . 
  i think he 's on par with argueseverything who only comments `` no '' . 
  that is just . . how the ... what . . 
  love it, 
  tbh i mute everyone ( outside my party ) 95 % of the time . 
  especially if they have a high-pitched voice it does n't matter what they say . 
  so yeah my experiences might not accurately represent what 's going on . 
  i just joined a hq game where we were down 0-65 and 3vs5 . 
  we won the game 165-160 as the time ran out . 
  i must say i immidiately though of you :p, 
  i was expecting the german kid who slams his keyboard into the monitor, 
  it 's actually astonishing how big a difference there is between cod and say battlefield . 
  in battlefield if people have a mic , they use it for teamwork . 
  i 'm yet to hear anyone rage at me over my 450 hours of playtime ( it helps that you can only hear your teammates ) . 
  of course there 's the occasional `` fucking fuck fuck shit '' every now and then when people die but that 's just part of the atmosphere . 
  it 's not the same as calling somebody gay-ass . 
  do n't get him a kinect . 
  it 's for retards and will dumb him down . 
  buy him some proper good games with suitable theme ) . 
  lego games for example . 
  or sports games , the ea franchises are really good nowadays . 
  when i was his age i played the day of the tentacle with a translation sheet for commands my mom had made me and i even finished it ( maybe it took a few weeks/months/years idk ) . 
  do n't underestimate him . 
  from the xbla i 'd recommend castle crashers . 
  it 's fun no matter how old you are and you can play it with 1-4 players . 
  i am, 
  do you really need an answer ? 
  because there would be no aim assist . 
  everything 's up to the player . 
  it 's the fairest most equal setup of them all . 
  i do n't think he was only talking about this post . 
  fuck isreal , seriously . 
   it was called ` duck tape ' long before it was called ` duct tape ', 
  i loved the btf movies but i always though that delorean was ugly as fuck . 
  the black one looks kinda cool, 
  yeah and 10 minutes to shower and it 's not like i 'll only do sit-ups if i 'm gon na excercise . 
  worry about your own body . 
  i 'm happy the way i am . 
  shit like this makes me want to unsubscribe from f7u12 . 
  there 's no joke or anything interesting . 
  whoop-de-doo a doctor did his job for one day , what a fascinating comic . 
  you can tell most redditors are n't from 4chan because they ca n't stomach a picture of a spider or a scary comic . 
  to the op : nice link , had n't seen that before, 
  to the commenters : grow some balls, 
  who are you to say who 's an ent and who 's not ? 
  i 'm not defending this guys posts , seems like a troll , but he 's every bit as ent as you are if he feels like it . 
  gtfo with this judgemental shit . 
  yeah good for him we need more people like him and all that but it still is n't a very good comic, 
  i did n't make a comic about my day, 
  are you serious ? 
  there was actually a discussion about this on some other comment thread and i remember people were divided pretty much into two categories .
