  the people of france as an entity were able to fight back and that 's who they attacked . 
  this was n't personal . 
  morbid curiosity is entirely natural, 
  they still died so i do n't see what the difference it makes if they killed themselves 3 seconds before certain death in the hands of gign . 
  i do n't like them . 
  i do n't agree with their beliefs and i would never sacrifice my own life for a religion . 
  i 'm just saying being prepared to die for your beliefs is the total opposite of cowardliness no matter what those beliefs are and how much i disagree with them . 
  they were ready to die for their beliefs . 
  i do n't agree with said belifs , i do n't like those people , i would never do it myself and i do n't support them . 
  but regardless what i think dying for a cause is not cowardly . 
  in fact it 's the total opposite . 
   at the very least you should attack you enemy directly, 
  but that 's what they did . 
  they believe their enemy to be western culture and western people . 
  not just western armies . 
  shocking the entire western world by killing civilians is a much more succesfull attack on their enemy than killing a cop or two before dying would 've been . 
  justified and cowardly are two completely unrelated concepts . 
  did they not die for their beliefs ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure they did . 
  they were extremists who believed to be fighting a holy war and they 're dead . 
  no there is n't if murdering unaware innocent people is a part of those beliefs and for islamic extremists it is . 
  the only difference is how crazy said beliefs are . 
  i never said i condone their acts or beliefs . 
  that does n't change the fact that they died for them . 
  putting aside your doubts and natural survival instincts to believe that just to serve a cause is pretty brave . 
  extremely stupid , but brave . 
  you keep using that word but i do n't think it means what you think it means . 
   in that letter , he explains that the attacks are retaliation against western powers meddling in the affairs of middle eastern countries . 
  exactly . 
  and it 's the western culture that makes us feel entitled to be world police that they hate . 
  not those individual soldiers who were ordered to represent us . 
  except that it would n't be the french flag, 
  you 're also comparing newegg/american prices to dutch ( ? ), 
  brick and mortar store prices . 
  a lot of stores do sell `` prebuilts '' for the price of the parts + 50-100 $ for assembling it . 
  but if you 're asking about a company that would deliver these prebuilts to multiple resellers it 's because the stores have no reason to make such a deal . 
  people and businesses already buy prebuilts and there 's surely lots of competition and back room deals between the current manufacturers and resellers . 
  the manufacturers also take care of things like advertising and warranty . 
   am i the only one who thinks this cool box would be even cooler with a computer inside it ? 
  redeye getting involved in the draft predictions ayy lmao, 
  yeah there are also plants and bacteria and fungi etc. 
  what the fuck was that : dd, 
  she played the character of miss universe . 
  and it lacks the culture of calling people out on their bullshit which encourages people to post stuff like this, 
  sure , but usually the comment section calls people out . 
  tumblr does n't really have that . 
  yeah but there 's nothing adult about any of that . 
  steam is my primary instant messaging platform . 
  i like having a personal list of people to play with open all the time so they can invite me and i can invite them . 
  if i had to open a game to find out if someone else was playing it i 'd end up playing a lot less . 
  especially games that require a 5 stack like csgo . 
  well i have visited the site quite a few times and never noticed such a feature even existed so yeah you could call it less convenient to navigate . 
   he 's kind of a dark and frustrated guy but there are so many quality women out there, 
  he 's an autistic fuck who throws fits over the smallest things . 
  if anyone he deserves a crazy chick . 
  but the ads on the side of the field are the right way ? 
   a few, 
  redditor for 9 months, 
  there 's less on euw . 
  i queue euw only and, 
  4/5 games my team speaks english . 
  the opponent always speaks russian though so i guess the language option does work . 
  yeah i get 9ms to `` russia '' from helsinki but always play euw with ~ 40 in browser ~ 60 in game, 
  yeah but it 's still worth the additional queue time of only 1 server to minimize the chances of it happening . 
  but that is extremely consistent ? 
  the one who already knew how to swim was pretty alpha, 
  fires are terrible pr . 
  if a product just stops working it 'll never make the news . 
  a lot of people on here are n't interested in ruining their game experience by skipping progression and paying real money for a fancier ship . 
  i 'm anticipating the release like crazy but have absolutely zero interest in spending more money . 
  the first time i smoked they told me to just smoke as much as possible . 
  i took like 8 hits . 
  it was great . 
  but yeah i would n't recommend it as everyone reacts differently and you can always smoke more later . 
  in that case you learn how to post original jokes on reddit, 
  he does it for free, 
  fuck charity 1 $ for a game is always a good deal even if you do n't need the 5 others, 
  so it 's basically a desktop with a shitty monitor that 's difficult to fix or upgrade and costs extra ? 
  count me in . 
  i sold mine for real money and got 80 % of the steam market price . 
  i 'm not claiming your monitor is bad but my laptop from 2007 had a built-in monitor that was both hd and led so those words are n't saying much . 
  yeah fuck those things, 
  yeah just make a freeze frame of when you were shot or like half a second later with your body in the air . 
  wo n't confuse newbies like cut to black but does n't reveal info . 
  how is he being an asshole ? 
  breaking the law does n't automatically make you a `` huge asshole '' . 
  he looks like he 's posing for a movie poster, 
  and remember to agi whenever regening, 
   there 's a few collections up on empornium, 
  does anyone have a mirror without the imgur jpg compression ? 
  same, 
  e. just now appeared, 
  it 's foxy di in rocco 's psycho teens 8 scene 4, 
  http://porneq.com/video/376/-foxy-di-rocco-s-psycho-teens-8-foxy-di-rocco-s-psycho-teens-8/ 3rd result on google , if you want hd google yourself, 
  it 's foxy di in rocco 's psycho teens 8 scene 4, 
  http://porneq.com/video/376/-foxy-di-rocco-s-psycho-teens-8-foxy-di-rocco-s-psycho-teens-8/[1] 3rd result on google , if you want hd google yourself, 
  it 's not just thailand . 
  i know in helsinki 90 % of the massage parlors are n't just massage parlors and i assume it 's the same in a lot of places . 
  do [ these places ] ( http://i.imgur.com/v10ivtr.jpg ) look legit to you ? 
  are pornstars supposed to be hotter on average than non-pornstars ?
