  he was talking about the regen before it came under fire . 
  the shields generate with every tick even though only whole numbers are shown . 
  so if the shields were at for example 16.255 when it came under attack and they stopped regenerating the game would show it as :, 
  1 ( which in reality is 0.255 but anything over 0 is shown as 1 ), 
   they have volunteers , yet it still costs more than college, 
  most of the people doing the work at college are n't paid either, 
  then it 's [ this scene ] ( http://xxx.freeimage.us/share.php?id=9bcc_5036e2de ) probably . 
  borderline ? 
  even if there was no missile site we 'd still be watching propaganda . 
  i think you see everything that is n't specified `` friends only '' or anything more strict than that . 
  \\  simming games, 
  not sure if serious, 
  if both your parents were twin sisters/brothers ( and thus share dna ) their kids would be as identical as a single family 's . 
  and it would be legal for the kids to get married in about half the states ( 1st cousins ) . 
  then they ( you ) could reproduce a baby with a dna identical to someone whose parents are siblings . 
  yeah but you can alt-tab and still be considered `` afk '', 
  i like hunting and weed but i 'm not convinced mixing drugs and firearms is a smart idea . 
  yeah the reason finnish tv shows everything except for kids cartoons with the original voices and subtitles was actually financial . 
  it 's much cheaper to sub than it is to dub and finland is a small market , especially before everyone had a television . 
  it was even considered sort of embarassing that we could n't dub shows like the big powerful nations in central europe . 
  now 50ish years later we 'd of course have the money but nobody would even want to watch dubbed shows anymore . 
  i believe it 's the same in sweden and denmark . 
  also a big reason why an average person from the nordic countries typically speaks decent english . 
  you do n't read subtitles like you 're reading a book . 
  you just have them handy in there in case you miss something they said . 
  also you get really quick at reading them and not taking your eyes off the picture while doing it if you 've been watching tv with subtitles your entire life . 
  i personally watch all my shows and movies in english with english subtitles , so it 's not even a language thing . 
   edit : it 's okay guys , he posted a stupid response and deleted it . 
  i think he understands he 's wrong now . 
  no i think you 're the one who posted a stupid response . 
  texting ? 
  you mean that thing we did in the last decade ? 
  i think you 're over-analyzing this article that definitely is n't written for people who already own dark souls, 
   at face value , `` dark souls '' does n't seem that different from any other dungeon-crawling video game . 
   what ? 
  i 've never heard that before . 
  dark souls is hardly a dungeon-crawler . 
  way to slow to be a hack-and-slash as well . 
  you have n't ? 
  you did n't think it yourself when you first saw the game ? 
  i know i and many other people figured it was just another dungeon crawler hack and slash myself when we saw the generic 10 minutes of fast cuts between gameplay `` review '' videos . 
  i have since educated myself but that does n't change what the first impression was . 
  noobie question but how do you get all those different colours in the messages ? 
  all i see are orange messages . 
  that 's not cynicism, 
  i have n't played the game in ages so i 'm not picking a side but there are lots of things that appeal to the `` creative '' player in the survival mode . 
  i played before any of the item stats or dragons etc ( i 'm not a 100 % sure what all there is in the game these days ) and i loved survival but got bored of the creative mode in less than 5 minutes . 
  and back then survival did n't have hunger or xp or quests , just zombies . 
  actually i think it 's how you have to collect the resources and not just spawn them what makes survival so much more fun . 
  but like someone pointed out you can apparently disable the hunger with difficulty settings even in survival mode . 
  maybe it 's just me but spawning in whatever blocks i want and flying around etc. 
  that you can do in creative mode take all the fun out of building . 
  the local tv station where i live was declared bankrupt but they could stay on the air until the end of the month or something . 
  they showed 24/7 hardcore porn . 
  it was n't even a pay channel or anything . 
  itt people who do n't even lift, 
  probably not high enough, 
  you are simply wrong . 
  alan wake did n't have the greatest gameplay but max payne 1 & 2 ? 
  they were amazing , especially when you crank up the difficulty . 
  it 's not that uncommon for a married couple to have different last names even if they are n't stage actors or anyone famous . 
  she 's actually had them enlarged again after both of these photos . 
  now she looks [ like ] ( http://www.pixhost.org/show/3513/11619328_freeones-nessa-devil-with-new-boobs.jpg ) [ this ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m57sqlcyya1rs2oqdo1_500.jpg ) . 
  helsinki nightlife sucks the most dick i 've ever seen in any country . 
  well to be honest if there 's some sort of an event or a holiday and people are partying outside it 's amazing especially with the finnish summer nights . 
  but as soon as you go into a bar/nightclub they 're simply terrible . 
  nowhere else in the world would establishments like this prosper . 
  they are priced like they 'd be located in the middle of manhattan while all looking and feeling like they 're some rural onnela . 
  the customer service is n't any better either . 
  this map shows finland around 60-70 %, 
  in reality it 's closer to 10 %, 
  i call bullshit on the entire map, 
   a movie vaguely based off hockey, 
  ftfy, 
  yeah but how about the fact that me like probably thousands of other redditors upvoted this pic because a. it was funny b. we like conan . 
  itt people who do n't understand a joke . 
  they even linked more pics like this with a similiar text to the comments yelling `` look , here 's some other basic things he does n't understand !! '' . 
  it 's obviously a joke or a character/marketing ploy . 
  but this is exactly what does n't happen on xbox . 
  look at it from the [ side ] ( http://preview.turbosquid.com/preview/content_2010_12_03__09_03_06/360%20controller%20side.jpg867fe098-addd-4f42-9b98-b80afdd9df44larger.jpg ) . 
  unlike the ps3 controller where this is a real problem since [ the triggers come down further than the controller ] ( http://static.trustedreviews.com/94/646e4f/0ae3/4303-img1367s.jpg ) ( could n't find a decent side pic ) . 
  now if you 've placed the controller somewhere like in your bed or under your butt crack this can of course happen on 360 but not while it 's on a flat surface like you drew . 
  not taking a swing at op but just a serious question . 
  what kind of a person wants a `` me tile '' in their homescreen ? 
  especially it 's the exact same thing that you get when you go to contacts and swipe left once . 
  who wants to check their own profile pic so many times a day a shortcut that requires 2 `` clicks '' or touches to get there is too much ? 
  are you the same people who update facebook/twitter while standing in line at the supermarket ? 
  there are men who think body hair like this is unattractive ? 
  i 'd kill to have a back like that . 
  i understand women with a hairy heritage are often not too fond of it but men ? 
  more hair the better . 
  curing does n't make the weed more potent , but it will help keep it as potent as possible better than inproperly cured weed . 
  so it does and does n't improve potency . 
  depends when you 're planning on smoking it . 
  who cares about women ? 
  we 're talking about men 's bodies . 
  women can go fuck themselves if they do n't like it . 
  missed it :( do n't have to rub it in . 
  i 'd rather make a little money doing something i love than shitloads of money doing something i do n't enjoy . 
  i do n't study fine arts .
