  and i 'm not talking about minimum wage . 
  besides the best dealers grow their own and the more free time to spend with the plants they have the better the result usually . 
  i agree there are lots of people who are unemployable and turn to dealing and those usually suck , but the ones that are good at what they do and ** choose ** not to work are the ones i like the best . 
  finland . 
  i 'm pretty sure they changed something about consumer batteries ( maybe eu related ) like 10 years ago because you used to not be able to throw them in the trash but they removed certain ingredients or whatever and now you can . 
  i wonder if that has to do with this . 
  a friend of mine owns a construction company that has never ever laid a single brick or drop of cement yet they still somehow manage to pay all their employees gracious salaries :p, 
  you ca n't kill kids !? 
  i honestly picked this game up an hour after seeing the crazy unarmed viking beating up children video . 
  tbh it just reminded me that i should get skyrim instead of `` hey you can kill kids !, 
  must buy ! '', 
  but still . 
  so far i have n't even tried but during my 70 hours i 've always thought i would had had the possibility ; ____ ;, 
  not sure if sarcastic or new to the internet, 
  on the other hand this should keep them happy for a while while nothing has actually changed, 
  \\  uses piratebay, 
  get your shit together people , seriously, 
  no matter how fast the 3g network is playing through it especially via a phone will always result in horrible lag . 
  there 's really no workaround . 
  i 'm not sure if she 's an incredibly fit mature woman or in her twenties but her face just ages faster than the rest, 
  or the greatest ? 
  late, 
  if you have a j-tag xbox/turn yours into one it 's not only possible but easy, 
  j-tagging on the other hand is not easy, 
  oh you 're tired ? 
  well you can go lie down while i finish this quest . 
   does it really matter if she plays games or not ? 
  if she accepts it that 's enough, 
  yes it does . 
  it 's not a requirement but of course it matters if you have hobbies in common and not just ones the other `` accepts '' . 
  you know not everyone on reddit is just trying to find any girl `` as long as she 's cute '' . 
  no offense but the last time i was on a school trip with a disco and shit was when i was 13 . 
  kids smoke weed at 13 these days ? 
  because we ca n't do this all day . 
  infomercial is on every 20 minutes . 
  good question . 
  if it was a one time thing i 'd go with the mature . 
  if it 's to keep i do n't know . 
  it 's not univesally true though . 
  i was shocked to see americans still use voice mail when i lived there in ' 07 - ' 08 . 
  where i live ( finland ) i have n't received a voice mail from anyone else than my grandma in the last 10 + years , not exxagerating one bit . 
  none of my friends ( or me ) have even bothered to activate our voicemails after getting new phones . 
  voice mail and cheques . 
  technologies i thought had passed away but american 's still seem to value . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with that . 
  are those yellow and blue thingys natural or plastic or wtf, 
  that 's not just a tap , it looks like a proper kick to the shin . 
  well i was n't arguing that the reaction was of equal force or justified . 
  i just said that was n't a slight tap on the shin , it was a proper kick . 
  just because he acted wrongfully does n't mean you should understate her actions . 
  e. seriously reddit . 
  wtf ? 
  you 've obviously never been kicked to the shin, 
  cool story bro . 
  i was never defending the officer 's actions , but just because he 's guilty does n't mean you should understate what she did . 
  i do n't think the original has been up for a long time, 
  why do n't they have badass pics like this in the newspapers anymore . 
  everything 's stock images and people giving speeches . 
  yeah i did n't see any kind of douchebaggery here . 
  discovery channel or whoever pays an assistant to take care that the requested things ( and at least he 's clear about what they are ) can be easily found at any times . 
  i can easily relate with him how annoying that would be if i needed a sharpie bad and have asked to always have a sharpie on `` the station '' yet could n't find one . 
  not sure if serious . 
  who wants leather or iron items ? 
  besides buying a piece for leather for 10 gold is much more worth it than carrying around a pelt that weights 3 units . 
  in that space you could fit a thousand golds worth of jewels for example . 
  finland partially ( some isps block piratebay , cp is `` blocked '' on all ) . 
  i 'm against these blocks in principle of course but who cares about piratebay . 
  there are tons of better sites for anything our there . 
  america and american websites are the only one where young people actually refer to pirating as stealing . 
  and people act all high and mighty about it . 
  it 's not like there 's anyone where who never pirates . 
  my gamertag is nappalive, 
  i 'm already on a team with my 2 friends but we hardly get games in so i 'm down for any reddit games, 
  well good for you . 
  i do n't really care whether you do . 
  point is it still is n't stealing no matter how much you disagree with it 's ethicality . 
  and the law is n't the ultimate truth . 
  yeah i travel but my inventory is still always full of actually valuable items from quests and dungeons ( from same walks ) . 
  there simply is n't room for something that heavy yet cheap . 
  i 'd rather carry some glass dagger that 's worth hundreds for the same weight . 
  you did n't but the comment i was replying to did . 
  i do n't and it does n't . 
  and i am worried about censorship . 
  but complaints about piratebay not working just make me lol . 
  i do but silver and gold are useless outside of jewelry, 
  not all break ups end up with the two hating each other . 
  besides i know my ex 's a lot better than most of my fb friends . 
  i just did this 30 minutes ago before checking reddit !, 
  i 'm lucky she was the one which i do n't long for . 
  it pretty much has to be the one that ended it for it to hurt . 
  i like babydolls tits and enjoyed then on gw before boltedontits but they 're just a pair of tits . 
  i wo n't subscribe to them specifically but neither will i whine if i see them elsewhere . 
  i do n't see why she ca n't just keep posting her pics here or on gw like everyone else . 
  i 'll upvote any original content . 
  naming her a mod was probably unnecessary but as long as she does n't abuse it i 'm fine with it . 
  as for the hearder i really could not care less . 
  well your posts seemed to do just fine in gw too . 
  i have no problem with you posting here , in fact i enjoy them . 
  keep up the good work . 
  for me it was battlefield 1942 .
