  i have never seen a sentence on r/trees that made less sense . 
  that 's the main purpose of marijuana . 
  i do n't like sliced bread, 
  i think the fact that we 've all been there makes it all the more ok . 
  we 're not bashing people with low tolerances , it 's just fun to laugh at newbie mistakes . 
  i know i 've done most of the `` ntn things '' . 
  why waste good weed on cleaning ? 
   keep a notebook with you all the time ( at least when you 're on the computer, 
  why would you need a notebook if you 're already on a computer ? 
  is that a `` coinsidence '' or brilliant timing in submitting paperwork or can they just choose any number they want ? 
  am i the only one who finds these `` let 's smoke it and try to figure out a name '' sessions often extremely awkward ? 
  no one can ever come up with anything actually clever and we just sit there . 
  best names pop up in your head when you do n't even think about it and are doing something completely unelated . 
  that 's a sweet looking bong, 
  that episode was spot-on about drug awareness etc. 
  but i am a fat , lazy , unmotiwated stoner . 
  and enjoying it . 
  why wo n't you let me ? 
  [ extremely related ] ( http://nappa.kuvat.fi/femaleredditors.jpg ), 
  buy some papers and a package of tobacco . 
  just keep rolling cigarettes and tear them apart until you get good at it . 
  it 'll cost you like $ 3 in papers and $ 4 for tobacco but totally worth it and a lot cheaper than practicing with weed . 
  they also force you to boil your idea down to 1 or 2 sentences instead of 20 lines of high rambling, 
  that `` englarged illustration '' warning must be solely for stoners . 
  because i know i got my hopes up . 
  do you people understand `` puff puff pass '' as two separate inhales with an exhale in between or one `` lungfull '' of smoke simply inhaled in two parts ? 
  because at least among people i smoke with `` inhale , exhale , inhale , pass '' is the standard . 
  well as much as i love high rambling irl i do n't think it really works as well in text form . 
  especially on the internet on a site like reddit that has potentially thousands of hours of content added to it daily . 
  i do n't mind getting right to the point . 
  what if it turned out to be chocolate ? 
  would that stop you ? 
   tl ; dr my friend was really sad for about a year and weed helped him get through it , and now he is so happy he does n't need to smoke, 
  he 's doing it wrong, 
  i tasted alcohol ( more than a sip ) for the first time at like 11 or 12 . 
  i got drunk at 13 or 14 and smoked my first cigarettes at 13 . 
  i was 16 when i tried smoking pot . 
  nowadays i rarely smoke ( cigarettes ) or drink . 
  well there 's always the comment section , even for pics . 
  cure ? 
  does that mean drying ? 
  or trimming ? 
  or both ? 
  yeah everyone with a screen resolution of 852x624 enjoy !, 
  generic eurocomic bimbos are fucking hot though . 
  so many shameful teenage memories . 
  i care more about the state of our oceans than some people dying on this already overpopulated planet . 
  i downvoted because he made such a big deal out of it and effectively made the post less convenient to `` avoid karma '' which makes absolutely no sense in my opinion . 
  no it does n't . 
  ever heard of . mkv ? 
  well exactly . 
  of course i would care about everyone i love . 
  are you seriously surprised that not every person on this planet is the same to me ? 
  that . . did n't really answer my question . 
  i 'm not knocking it and i have tried it properly many times . 
  i just said it 's not like smoking . 
  like you said it 's clearer and i for one could n't just completely switch over to vaping . 
  it 's fun occasionally but it 's no substitute . 
  retrieve ? 
  people have been `` medically dead '' for some time and then revived yet i 've heard no such reports . 
  he 's making his post worse to avoid points which i would had had no problem giving to him . 
  he 's just spooked by this karma whore which hunt . 
  well the last part was just speculation but likely . 
  the first part is just the truth . 
  there have been tons of anti-karmawhoring posts on r/trees lately . 
  he posted an image as a self post ( which is not how this site is designed because it 's retarded ) just to avoid karma . 
  i 'm not claiming there are definite proof but you ca n't deny the possibility . 
  sex is even better imo, 
  no he was n't but he was clearly afraid to `` steal karma '' . 
  hence the self post . 
  i do n't think op understands the meaning of petite, 
  if you smoke cigarettes it 's a good idea to light one up as well . 
  just to have an excuse to be there . 
  smoke weed every day, 
  different pics appeal to different demographics . 
  i find r/trees pics much more enjoyable . 
  i do n't even think the issue on r/apple is windows bashing . 
  it 's the `` love and praise everything by apple or get downvoted '' . 
  even the rules ban `` complaints '' . 
  i 've owned many mac computers and ipods . 
  i have the right to say it out loud when some things are fucked . 
  and they always are , no matter what product by what company you 're using . 
  munchies 420 cafe must be one of the least original coffee shop names i 've heard, 
  i 'm not hating . 
  just an observation . 
  it 's not about the amount of work . 
  who cares about 2 clicks . 
  it 's the principle that he made the post worse to avoid `` karma stealing '' which is fucking retarded, 
  op used the term stealing himself and no it is n't relative . 
  torrents motherfucker . 
  i 've already seen the episodes you 're waiting for months ago, 
  who does n't like steak ? 
  i 've never met a non-vegetarian who does n't enjoy steak . 
  i need one, 
   this guy is called the sex god in secon life , he virtually fucks all day long :d, 
  how does that . . what ? 
  did n't feel a thing . 
  thanks internet . 
   is it as safe as a solar panel on your roof, 
  [ it 's safer ] ( http://nextbigfuture.com/2011/03/deaths-per-twh-by-energy-source.html ),
