  even if they require one it 's not hard to get , i think it takes like one weekend . 
  he was ok in disturbia, 
   blizzard also said gearing for survival is n't `` fun . '', 
  gearing for dps is . 
  what ? 
  that 's just a stupid thing to say . 
  of course gearing for defense is fun . 
  i think all the whine about reflect damage is ridiculous . 
  it 's the one and only elite affix that counters a glass cannon build . 
  that 's what it 's supposed to do . 
   i was immediately struck at how emotionally naked he looked, 
  you sound like the most annoying kind of person, 
  op delivers ?? 
  fyi even posting proof like this wo n't satisfy reddit . 
  people love `` calling out karmawhoring '' and will jump on any remote opportunity . 
  but i believe you man , i believe you . 
  u.s never fails to amaze me with how shitty it 's internet connections are . 
  i 'm not americabashing but actually being serious . 
  i pay 15.99 $ a month for 110mbps ( in reality it 's 95 down 20 up ) and it 's not by far the fastest connection i could choose . 
  yeah but the visuals should n't give away the ending in the first two frames . 
  that 's not `` visual interpretation '' it 's just bad comic drawing skills . 
  yeah i agree . 
  vast majority of women are manipulative and scheming . 
  it 's a lesson in life almost every man has to learn . 
  might as well start early . 
  well , yes . 
  obviously i could n't conclude all the details but it was pretty damn clear he was going to go for an adventure trying to rescue her while she had n't actually been kidnapped after all . 
  the `` first person view brought to you by sandisk '' they used during mlg was great . 
  even though the execution was a bit lacking and the gamma/brightness had n't been calibrated correctly the idea was sound . 
  the cd version runs on separate servers from the origin one ? 
  interesting . 
  e. i was going to download the free 1942 when i saw the facebook post but did n't when it turned out i 'd have to install origin . 
  i just realized i have the original cd 's somewhere . 
  i might install it one day , saving post . 
  / r/trees is filled with `` newbies '', 
  the average age here is probably 16, 
  consoles had bot multiplayer as well . 
  alpha protocol sounded awesome on paper but the execution was just so horrible i could n't play it for more than the first level, 
  i played goldeneye when it was new ( and for years after that ) and it was awesome . 
  nightfire was great as well . 
  you do n't always have to pick just one . 
  it says obama '08, 
  i 'd love to hear him speak finnish . 
  it 's usually a pretty difficult language for non-natives . 
  actually the most annoying thing is n't not remembering words but coming up with the perfect sentence only to realize the grammar/saying does n't work in the one you 're trying to speak . 
   sport, 
  what camera angle is that ? 
  does n't look like the default one . 
  this is my every morning regardless of whether i wake 'n bake or not, 
  yeah it would be so embarassing if someone found out i 've had sex, 
  i do n't use condoms because i do n't enjoy the feeling of fucking a rubber duck but i 've had sex three times in one afternoon on multiple occasions . 
  original joke of the day, 
  like my masturbation record is n't like three times that, 
   every ww2 game set in europe has that map . 
  was n't waw mainly focused on the pacific front ? 
  i 'm sure cod 1 2 or 3 had normandy . 
  infinity ward quit because activision started whoring out the cod franchise so technically they never became `` cash cows '' . 
  yes the new games still have the name iw printed on them but the staff has almost completely changed including all the main developers ( this happened during/after the release of mw2 ) . 
  works fine in finland . 
  does the colbert show air on some uk tv channel ? 
  because that could explain why it 's blocked . 
  i guess you 're right . 
  cod 2 had a full on normandy though . 
  and since russians did n't participate in d-day it 's not much of a surprise waw did n't . 
  if you 're mentally weak enough to need a therapist outside finland you wo n't make it here even with the help of one . 
  it was surprisingly entertaining but better than mib ? 
  you must be crazy . 
  not sure if serious, 
  it looks like it 'd suck to attack downwards though, 
  thanks so much !, 
  i fell asleep after the first set ( it was 6am here ), 
  yeah osx/firefox and sound works perfectly, 
  i love winter and fresh air in the morning . 
  just put on some warm clothes and enjoy that spliff . 
   it reminded me of a dream i once had, 
  lucky you . 
  maybe 50 % of my dreams are like this . 
  wow that sounded super sad and pathetic . 
  but it 's not an oxymoron . 
  and oxymoron is when two parts of the word contradict each other . 
  in ( northern ) finland you 're able to see the sun 24 hours a day during the summer and even in the southern parts it never gets dark even though the sun does `` go down '' briefly because of the angle and how little time the sun spends down . 
  so it 's not an oxymoron as it literally exists , it 's just something that does n't happen where you live . 
  not an elected official but a common worker writing on her private blog . 
  surprisingly there are stupid people everywhere in the world . 
  secondly it was meant as a sarcastic provocation ( or as the internet likes to call it : a troll ) though i do agree it was n't a very funny or succesfull one . 
  now i want a lapphund/corgi mix or whatever that is . 
  it 's even cuter than regular lapphunds . 
  hence why [ `` blackout curtains '' ] ( http://www.articstore.fi/_images/rullaverhot/kuva1.jpg ) and [ `` light therapy lamps '' ] ( http://otavafiles.fi/plaza/s/f/editor/images/kirkasvalo3.jpg ) are so popular in the nordic countries . 
  on a side note both of those products have really unsexy names in english . 
   including all of the english-speaking world, 
  alaska has midnight sun . 
  also languages are used to depict phenomena taking place in foreign countries as well . 
  crazy , right ? 
  how does one reach adulthood and not know how to cook a potato ? 
  sorry if you found this offensive but it 's probably the easiest ingredient in the world to cook . 
  growing up when we had large family gatherings adults would take care of all the other foods while kids cooked the potatoes . 
  then again there are people who do n't mind living purely on frozen pizzas and microwave dinners . 
  yeah you ca n't simply post something like this and not provide source . 
  exactly . 
  and actually the biggest faults are on the defense .
