  like a jtag probably . 
  you 'd think there 'd more videos like this and more of an outrage if a hack like this was available though . 
  yeah but the big thing was refunding what they had paid game . 
  blizzard did n't have to do that . 
  a lot of publishers would n't have . 
  i 'm not saying blizzard did it because of their kind hearts . 
  they probably did it for the pr . 
  but the customer still benefited . 
  yes they paid for the game , it was n't free . 
  but according to local laws game would n't have had to refund them . 
  so instead of just losing money they got the game they paid for . 
  thanks to blizzard . 
  i 'm from finland but i have family in portland and used to visit them often during the summer . 
  i can vouch portland , me is the place to be . 
  and you 're right it does have tons of restaurants . 
  i called that bitch a bitch . 
  bitches love being called bitches . 
   and they should be getting that money from game, 
  yet according to australian law they were n't going to . 
  i 'm not here to debate what 's just and what is n't , i 'm just pointing out that those gamers were going to lose the money they had already paid game when blizzard stepped in and actually gave them something in return for that money . 
  why would someone want to downvote these works of art ? 
  not sure if cp, 
  loving it either way, 
  the islamic conquest of europe is happening as we speak . 
  good eye, 
  are you living anywhere in europe currently ? 
  first i hear he 's actually mexican , now he has a hungarian name ? 
  wtf louis, 
  i was actually really disappointed in how the show handled that . 
  all the people were telling him it 's `` okay for you not to believe but you ca n't do that to harris or he wo n't grow up properly '' etc. 
  and he actually seemed to cave in . 
  shit nigga it 's the 21st century you do n't need religion for a proper upbringing . 
  must . . fight . . urge . . last ... ramen . . money . . 
  i do n't think you truly understand the meaning of the word racist, 
  yeah but how about wasp immigration ever since the 16th century or so ? 
  did they conquer the entire continent ? 
   some people do n't have what you have . 
  not very many people are mature enough to understand this . 
  i understand that . 
  but i also understand there are too many people in the world for everyone to have what we rich scandinavians do . 
  and i do n't want to lose it just because `` it 's not fair '' . 
  what ? 
   you ca n't just expect people from another generation to instantly learn and understand everything that 's more common about toking these days . 
  what ? 
  i do n't see how `` do n't turn the bowl upside down '' is a generation thing ? 
   and do n't give her hash . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  why ? 
  good hash is amazing, 
  i still do n't get how it 's degrading towards anyone, 
  i like it . 
  it allows me to block passing lanes and let a cpu player worry about pressuring the ball carrier . 
  if i see an opportunity to steal the ball coming up i switch to manually control that player though . 
  oh yeah shit you 're right . 
  i never even press the contain button , it 's crap . 
  yeah you can just go under swastika-over swastika-under-over-under-over . . right from start to finish, 
  as a fellow finn that 's pretty sad to hear, 
  the point was the `` several seconds '' part . 
  which is not true for almost every projectile weapon under the sun . 
  should n't the guy who invented febreeze be loaded instead of broke ? 
  boobs, 
  another sex scene at 16mins btw, 
  crazier things have happened in this world than a restraining order for some drunk texting, 
  and it does, 
  i guess they 're thinking fowler and vatanen will carry the torch for smaller more offensive defenders so while i do n't agree with the decision to let lubomir go i can kinda understand it . 
  what i ca n't understand is settling for a single 2nd round draft pick . 
  that 's a shitty trade if i ever saw one . 
  and red wings, 
  i just watched it after getting reminded of it by this thread . 
  not sure what to say . 
  i just watched that movie for the first time because of this thread and there is no scene like that in the movie . 
  that 's like a collaboration of 3 different scenes though . 
  just last week our constituional committee chairman [ proposed ] ( http://www.iltalehti.fi/uutiset/2010112612771042_uu.shtml ) we should implement some parts of the sharia law in finnish practice of law to help sort certain disputes . 
  now of course that proposal is going to be denied but it 's really fucking scary that our chairman of the god damn constitutional committee is even throwing that out there . 
  sure it was n't the parts of sharia that involve cutting of limbs and stoning adulterous women but i 'm geniunely scared how that would open the floodgates so to say . 
  now it 's just a silly proposal , but what about 5 years from now ? 
  or 10 years ? 
  multi-culturalism is a beautiful thought but sharia law is fucked up and against everything western civilisation and morals stand for . 
  like i said i 'm genuinely scared of the muslim influence in our society . 
  also [ here ] ( http://nappa.kuvat.fi/hstilastoulkomaa.jpg ) are some statistics published by the biggest newspaper in finland helsingin sanomat . 
  i know you probably ca n't read that but it 's about crimes and how they are committed by finns vs. 
  immigrants . 
  the one on the lower right shows how big of a part of the population both are in total . 
  i 'll let you figure out the rest . 
  i just watched it ( uncut version ) 30 minutes ago . 
  the pregnant woman was n't raped , only the baby . 
  the pregnant woman did n't die either , it was the `` whore mother '' whose head was cut off and it was cut off by the protagonist , not the man who raped the baby . 
  let it die indeed . 
  not spill on to other subreddits . 
  i unsubscribed for a reason . 
  well that did n't go so well, 
  loving it . 
  you are wrong . 
  i 've actually played the game unlike you . 
  i strongly recommend anyone to get this for 400ms points . 
  it 's not a genius masterpiece that will be remembered for decades but it is tons of fun . 
  i think i 've gotten around 20 hours of fun off it and still play it occasionally . 
  well worth the $ 5 or whatever 400 points is . 
  well i paid full price with no regrets . 
  yup it 's funny because it 's true .
