  reddit is, 
  hahaha you were aroused by a picture of a man with a penis and looking for source, 
  2.4 million watched the game yesterday in a country of 5.4 million, 
  i think they try to account for those but yeah it 's impossible to get an accurate figure, 
  cs does n't get more attention , it gets more music packs in a game where 99 % of players have the music turned off, 
  fuck you for trying to justify lc jungle in any scenario, 
  the gif ? 
  lily roma, 
   you hear, 
  it 's shit 10 out of 10 times , sometimes not shit enough to singlehandedly cause the team to lose, 
  he is, 
   also the other family members were pretty annoying . 
  yeah i was cringing more at the celebrations than the woman 's `` failure '' . 
   back when i got gta5 they did n't, 
  they existed within a few hours of launch . 
  because people whore out for shares or notes or whatever they 're called on tumblr just like they do for karma on reddit and anything that appears even remotely pro transgender is automatic internet points . 
  [ citation needed ], 
   i think playstation vr wo n't be as good as occulus , the ps4 is n't nearly as good as the computer required to run it . 
  but the oculus rift does n't need a $ 1000 computer either . 
  it just needs one to run the games at the high standard set at 90fps and 2k . 
  the ps4 ca n't do that either and if it 's true the consumer does n't want all that then he does n't need such an expensive pc either . 
  if you set the standard at what ps4 can do there are much more than 13m or 36m of pcs capable of the same out there . 
  whoever wrote this article really did n't think his logic through or just does n't understand about the subject . 
  unknown company called facebook, 
   psvr was built from the ground up to work best as possible on the ps4 and it 's not in sony 's best interest to release anything other than an excellent product, 
  it 's not really about interests or intents . 
  it 's about hardware limitations . 
  nvidia and oculus do n't recommend 90fps 2/3k res because they like big numbers but because vr requires more in terms of performance to be enjoyable . 
  ps4 's and the psvr are n't just cheap because sony is cool and rad and our friend . 
  it 's because the technology is inferior . 
  people did not say that . 
  people were literally in waiting lines to get iphones for the first year because production could n't keep up with the demand . 
  i do n't know what adblocker you 're using but ublock origin works just fine with forbes ( and you should use it anyway at least over abp ) . 
  and you think this tiny additional unit is going to make the ps4 that 's performance can be matched by a ~ 300 $ pc into an equivalent of a 1000 $ + pc ? 
  to run modern games at 2k 90fps you 'd need to triple ps4 's performance , that 's some impressive chip right there . 
  how am i mad ? 
  i 'm commenting on the claim made by the article . 
   no one has ever thought it would match a high end pc . 
  no console has ever matched a high end pc, 
  i know that , the writer obviously does n't . 
  he 's literally comparing how many high end pcs capable of running games at 2k 90fps there are to the total amount of ps4s . 
  that 's what i was saying , the whole `` point '' of the article does n't make sense . 
  if you want to just compare numbers like that the treshold on pc should be set somewhere close to the expected performance of a ps4 instead of having completely different standards of what is acceptable for each one . 
   your pc game of the year ? 
  it was n't my pc game of the year . 
  oculus tells you you need a $ 1000 computer for games to run at a level they deem acceptable for an enjoyable vr experience . 
  what they consider acceptable is much higher than what sony considers acceptable . 
  what they consider acceptable would require three or four times the processing power of a ps4 . 
  to reach performance equal to that of psvr using the oculus rift you do n't need an expensive pc . 
  it does n't require a 970 and an i5-4590 to plug in . 
  it requires an 970 and an i5-4590 ( and realistically much much more ) to run games well enough for the people at oculus to consider acceptable as quoted in the article, 
   `` you have to render closer to 3k , and you do n't want to go below 90fps '' . 
  you can run games at a lower frame rate with the oculus plugged in and it wo n't stop functioning , it just wo n't be ( as ) fun . 
  all this is saying is that sony has set their standards for what is acceptable lower . 
  they wo n't run at 3k , they wo n't run at 90fps . 
  but it does n't matter since sony tells you it does n't matter ? 
  this `` it 's made by sony so it runs on ps4 '' argument makes literally no sense . 
  if you go by that logic then oculus could keep the hardware and the price identical but simply put out a statement saying `` 30fps is ok , minimum specs lowered by half '' and suddenly you think it 's a better product than it was before ? 
  yeah but the ps4 runs modern games at 1080p/30fps so to go from that to 2-3k / 90fps like the oculus guys recommend for an enjoyable vr experience would literally require the glasses themselves to have much more processing power than the entire ps4 itself . 
  you ca n't account for lower fps or resolution with game design . 
  sure the standardized hardware will help with optimization and the result will most likely look better than on a pc with the exact same specs but it 's not possible to make a texture sharper or movement more fluid by `` considering limitations '' if the raw processing power simply is n't there . 
  not to mention if they 're going to sell these things at $ 500 it better work with multiplatform aaa titles and not just a few gimmicky sony originals . 
  the user experience of either one is identical when they work . 
  ublock origin is newer with lighter code and can bypass more of these recent adblock-blockers that have started to pop up . 
  but more importantly the guy behind abp sold it and under the new owner they 've started selling companies `` whitelist space '' making so that if a site pays abp their ads get through . 
  also there 's been lots of concern over information being collected and sold but i 'm not sure if anything 's been proven . 
  and people want to make sure it stays that way, 
  i love how the pc crowd was all for letting in as many refugees as possible , they come , they act like muslims do , now same crowd is angry when told how to act safely around them . 
  guess they expected a fairy to sprinkle some magic dust on them at the border to instill western values without delay . 
  she was literally asked what can a woman do to protect herself . 
  how is answering that victim blaming ? 
  saying `` it 's the rapists fault '' does n't answer the question at all . 
   any vr experience is better that what we have now, 
  vr requires a high resolution and frame rate or it just gets nauseating . 
  i 'm in no hurry to adapt vr until it 's tried and tested and functioning well . 
  every product out there is made by someone whose job it was to make that product . 
  that 's saying nothing . 
  being a professional is no guarantee of customer satisfaction . 
  yeah but it 's still worse and sketchier and both are free so really no reason to stick with abp, 
  that 's odd i 've never had any issues and have n't configured anything specifically . 
  i also have disconnect installed so i do n't know if that affects things somehow . 
  i do that . 
  well i do n't always close the window but i always get a window seat and if the flight is over 2 hours i 'll sleep from takeoff to landing . 
  window seat is not just about the window , it 's about being at the end of the row and never having to move for anyone else who wants to get up . 
  living in a run down house outside town with a bike is n't having more than most . 
  unless you mean the entire world in which case no , it 's not enough . 
  because it can be real easy to abuse something like this . 
  the people stalin murdered were all enemies of the state too in his and thus the government 's eyes . 
  i 'm not saying the french government is like stalin but you have to be careful when you make laws like this . 
   given it 's poor performance . 
  the performance is probably just fine . 
  that 's a kone elevator from finland where safety regulations are strict and from the metal plate you can tell it 's been refurbished like most of these old elevators are . 
  it 's most likely from downtown helsinki where there are these old buildings with very narrow staircases which is why the elevator itself was kept this size but the machinery should be top notch . 
  yeah but an average sized residental elevator has the same 3 person - 240 kg limit here , it 's the standard . 
  more than likely the machinery is the same as in a regular elevator too . 
  then you get a new one, 
  i 'm just as nitpicky in real life . 
   but those same studies tend to paint a picture of something being broken rather than just different, 
  but they 're studies . 
  you do n't do studies to reach a certain result .
