  you do n't really need a guide more complicated than [ this ] ( http://partypipes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/grav-bong.jpg ), 
  just grab a bottle , preferable 1-2 litres and cut the bottom off ( taking as little height off as possible ) . 
  get a bucket and fill it up with water . 
  probably all the way but if it 's a huge one then just enough that the bottle wo n't fully submerge . 
  screw the top off and replace with a bowl . 
  any bong bowl will do . 
  also [ wrench sockets ] ( http://partypipes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/grav-bong.jpg ) ( lol when i googled for `` wrench socket '' google actually suggested `` wrench socket bowl '' ) . 
  even aluminum foil will do if you have nothing else . 
  fill the bowl , place on top of the bottle ( when the bottle is already under water , otherwise it 'll blow your buds away when you sink it in ) , light it up and slowly elevate the bottle . 
  a circular rocking motion kinda thing works best . 
  it 's not something you can really explain in writing . 
  important thing is to get it well lit in the beginning and then slowly bring it up while the bottle fills . 
  10/10 will smoke again . 
  no but neither would i blast my movie from the home theater speakers which would be more along the lines of your examples . 
  listening to headphones is the equivelant of eating reeses pieces in my own room . 
  which i would do even if my roommate was allergic to nuts . 
  hell one of my best friends is severely allergic and that has n't stopped anyone from enjoying a snickers around him . 
  to each his own . 
  still have n't tried me3 ( not going to pay $ 70 for an incomplete game . 
  i 'll get the goty version for 20 bucks in a year or so ) but i absolutely loved me2 while me1 was just kinda shitty and boring . 
  did n't even finish it . 
  got it for free though , which makes giving up on it a lot easier . 
  input and output, 
  30-pin dock connector port, 
  3.5-mm stereo headphone minijack, 
  built-in speaker, 
  30-pin dock connector port, 
  3.5-mm stereo headphone minijack, 
  built-in speaker, 
   does the apple ipad have usb ports ? 
  the apple ipad does not have any usb ports . 
  so you can buy an adapter for extra charge that apparently works with only specific devices like cameras [ ( first result on google ) ] ( https://discussions.apple.com/thread/3741830?start=0&amp;tstart=0 ) . 
   i have the connection kit , and it seems to be very limiting . 
  i could not use my 4 gb memory usb in it . 
  tried several different ways to use it , and ended up copying the files from the usb to my mac and then using itines sync to get pdf files to the ipad . 
   the cck only sees photo and video files . 
  ( it works quite well with sd cards , so-so with cameras - there have been different brands that work better than others ) it can also pull the files off usb flash sticks , but with limited success . 
  i 've had a 2 gig stick that does work , one that does n't . 
  so not only do i have to carry around an additional adapter that btw . 
  i have n't seen a `` carriage slot '' for in any ipad sleeve but it ca n't copy other than photos and video files and even those only some of the time . 
  can i plug my phone into it and use my phone 's unlimited 3g internet like with a macbook ? 
  that does n't sound like proper usb support to me . 
  one of the best 2d games ! = one of the best games because 2d, 
  i do n't care who 's fault it is . 
  i 'm not looking to blame anyone . 
  i 'm just not satisfied enough with the device to spend 399 $ on it . 
   but you are saying the macbook pro can take the internet from the phone through usb ? 
  yeah it can . 
  i have a '07 macbook pro and a nokia e71 . 
  i just plug the phone in , choose `` nokia '' configuration from the network settings window that pops up and it connects automatically . 
  takes 5-10 seconds and works as fast as the network is . 
  i 've used it with my imac too once when the land line was down . 
  it wo n't go to waste if you get the munchies the 5 second rule turns into 15 hours rule, 
  or like two days if it looks clean, 
  and there 's more ads than ever . 
  i have n't had tv in for a few years now . 
  well i have a tv but it 's not connected to anything else but my computer and xbox . 
  [ yeah me as well !, 
  thank you for writing what i thought, 
  for a lighter ? 
  let me guess , america ? 
  most of the stuff i did in school were for no reason but i never got suspended . 
  based on the terms you used i 'm guessing you 're from the u.s as well ? 
  besides video game plots . 
  even at their best they 're shit compared to books or movies . 
  basically just excuses to go to a map the level designers had already created . 
  i play tons of video games and enjoy them but i 'm yet to see a video game plot that 's actually good . 
  alan wake was interesting and decent , best video plot i 've come across in a few years . 
  it 's been sharpened . 
  a lot . 
  yeah i agree with you . 
  if they did make torches extinguish and added lanterns i 'd just use lanterns all the time . 
  it 's not like it added anything to the game but a now obsolete torch . 
  where i live they sell these candies called [ sisu ] ( http://www.suomiputiikki.se/admin/files/sd_eshop/webb%20butik%203%20013.jpg ) . 
  now tell me that 's not gifu . 
  well of course humans would n't be overpopulating the planet if we lived like wild animals . 
  it 's not like people think we 're running out of room when talking about over population . 
  the use of natural resources per person is naturally a factor when talking about over population . 
  counting up how much an average person consumes and multiplying that by the population there are or will soon be too many people for the planet 's ecosystem to maintain . 
  that 's overpopulation . 
  paris, 
  westerners use a lot of resources , sure , but let 's not forget about the lax pollution laws of china and india that do a much more damage to the environment than any single person ever could . 
  oh sure most of the pollution in those countires is caused by corporations owned and managed by rich westeners but the laws allowing it certainly do n't help . 
  neither does the fact that those laws are controlled by corporations owned and managed by rich westeners . 
  anyone have a bigger version of this pic ? 
  2560x1440 in particular but anything higher res would be appreciated . 
  in the meanwhile this is still going as my background , even with the resolution , 
  `` so now that we 're done with the butt fingering i suggest we move on to the job interview . '', 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  you could say the problem is having too many children who live greedy , wasteful lives . 
  what 's your point ? 
  also i do n't see how anything you said would contradict the laws being controlled by rich westeners . 
  if anything you supported by statement . 
  most people do, 
  i do n't know what a bloodborne pahtogens certificate is so i googled it and apparently you can get one for $ 14.99 so i would n't trust whatever it is too much either, 
  like 12 pages of tinkerbell, 
  just because there are other stupid tattoo ideas in the world do n't make this a good one, 
  i live in finland . 
  none of our `` indoor doors '' have locks . 
  i have n't paid much attention but have n't noticed any lockable doors at my friend 's houses either .
