  no , he 's making an assumption about his viewers and maybe it is influenced by his own views , but to be honest i believe he has a point . 
  not about anyone being subhuman , which clearly was n't the point of the post , but about how people view these intentionally overly stereotypic characters . 
  because let 's be honest , every youtuber is a character . 
  i do n't agree with the though of gay people being `` subhuman '' but i totally understand his point . 
  i 'm not going to say he 's incorrect and his idea should be automatically rejected because it does n't fit your idea of a politically correct utopia . 
  saying racism or prejudices exist is n't the same as being racist . 
  because traditionally kids do n't like overly stereotypic characters to the point of dehumanizing them , right ? 
  that 's why live action kids shows do n't have characters in colorful wigs and bad guys who look like the hunchback of notre dame , right ? 
  it 's not like cartoons base pretty much all their characters on exaggerated stereotypes as well . 
  kids do n't watch those shows , do they ? 
  itt : recognizing prejudices exist and are more common than it 's comfortable to accept for a liberal minded college student is the same as being racist . 
  actually we do n't get arrested when we drink underage either . 
  there is no crime called `` underage drinking '' in many if not most european countries . 
  at worst the police gave us a drive home if we were too drunk to walk and if you got caught more than once you might 've got a call from a social worker . 
  putting the kids on tranquilizers is often also a much quicker solution . 
  at least to the visible symptoms . 
  by no means do i mean it 'd be better . 
  actually here in finland it works the almost other way around , as there 's an age limit to get into the drunk tank ( going into the drunk tank does n't mean you 're automatically charged with anything either ) . 
  if you 're drunk and underage you ca n't be arrested unless it 's a crime serious enough to get you into real jail . 
  some 99 % of the time it 's a ride home . 
  that is if they decide to detain you . 
  usually they just make sure you have n't passed out and are able to walk home . 
  also there is no `` public intoxication '' laws . 
  it 's just `` disorderly conduct '' . 
  of course most people who break it are drunk but if you 're acting like a civilized person drunk or acting like an idiot sober you 're blood alcohol level does n't have any effect when it comes to the legalities . 
  i do n't give a shit what this person might 've posted in the past . 
  i have n't read that and i 'm not interested in reading it . 
  it has no effect on how i construe this single post that i 've been discussing all this time . 
   so not wanting gay or black people to be called subhuman is trying to be politically correct ? 
  trying to ban anyone from acknowledging that prejudices exist in the world is the worst form of political correctness . 
  it 's the `` out of sight , out of mind '' method . 
  just because you pretend it does n't exist by actively avoiding the subject wo n't make it go away . 
  if anything it 's hurtful to the idea you 're trying to promote ( equality ) . 
  no the simplest option is to do a clean install properly . 
  it 's really really easy , i can write you a step by step tutorial in 3 minutes . 
  1 . download the boot image , plug in your usb drive, 
  2 . open up disk utility, 
  3 . erase all data on the usb drive, 
  4 . mount the boot image, 
  5 . using the disk utility , go the the usb drive and choose `` restore '', 
  6 . drag the mounted image to the `` source '' and the only usb partition to `` destination '' ( by default it should already be there ), 
  7 . let it do it 's thing , it 'll tell you when it 's ready, 
  8 . turn off computer, 
  9 . hold alt down while it reboots, 
  10 . select the usb drive . 
  if it is n't visible for some reason you can just boot back to your old os x and try again . 
  nothing has been changed yet . 
  11 . the usb drive boots to the installer . 
  open `` disk utility '' again ( it 's available within the boot disc ), 
  12 . wipe the partition that os x is installed to, 
  13 . start the install , select the partition you just emptied, 
  14 . next , next , next , accept , next, 
  15 . done, 
  i just did this a week ago , setting up the usb drive takes about 15 minutes and the actual install progress is 20 minutes total , 18 of which is just loading and does n't require any input . 
  you do n't need to fiddle with any of the options or settings at any point . 
  the default settings are just fine . 
  yeah but is bandwidth really that scarce these days ? 
  i pay 30 $ a ** year ** for a host that lets me use unlimited bandwidth both ways . 
  my personal internet connection cost me 14.90 $ a month and i get a 100mbit connection with unlimited data ( no such thing as data caps exist in my country , not even in mobile broadbands ) . 
  inb4 `` yeah but the u.s. ... '' you do n't need to have your bot operate within the u.s soil . 
  it would make absolutely no difference whether it actually used servers from washington or jakarta . 
  the jiffybot does n't require fast latency . 
  in fact it 's probably better to have it abroad to avoid any possible legal trouble and it 's also much cheaper . 
  did you even finish reading the sentence you were quoting ? 
  justifying ? 
  you 're the only one talking about justifying . 
  acknowledging something 's existence and accepting or justifying it are completely different things . 
  no he is n't , and you 're simply too narrow minded to see it . 
  he 's saying scary words i know , but try to think real hard and maybe you 'll understand the point here . 
  first of all , he 's clearly talking about everyone in the world . 
  not just white people who think black people are different , but black people who view other black people as `` normal '' and white people as different as well . 
  or asians to whom asian is the norm or gays or latinos or male ballet dancers or however you prefer grouping up people . 
   a part of us that views certain people as sub human and we do n't hold them to the same standards as the people we consider normal . 
  it is only you who is filling the blanks in this sentence with `` black '' and `` white '' . 
  maybe deep down you know you 've felt what he 's describing and do n't want to accept it , as you are an intelligent human being well above idiotic ideas like racism . 
  i know these thoughts can be difficult . 
  not everything in life is black and white ( pun not intended ) . 
  you 'll learn that as you grow older . 
  they do n't show up when you 're not purchasing . 
  the three guns you get with ce do n't either , they would be occupying those other slots on the left column . 
  rockstar already promised 2 more in the near future ( [ for free ] ( http://www.rockstargames.com/newswire/article/51422/some-more-details-on-grand-theft-auto-online.html ) ) and i do n't see why they would 've included all that space if they were n't going to release more . 
  we all know people would even buy them as dlc , but i would n't be too surprised if they were added for free to attract more paying customers to gtao . 
   you ca n't already have a personal vehicle out on the road , meaning the vehicle icon ca n't be on your map . 
  yes you can . 
  you just ca n't be too close to it ( about 1 block away ) . 
  it 'll still show up in your minimap though . 
  but you ca n't have impounded cars delivered . 
  you either have to steal them back or wait for them to be destroyed after which you can get a new one from the insurance company . 
  just not a purple dildo please, 
  strong alien themes ? 
  once during the story i was told there are ufo parts scattered around the world . 
  that 's it . 
  i 've played the game for 180 hours and i 've heard one quick reference to them . 
  there are a billion other things that are more of a theme than aliens in this game . 
  i actually do n't . 
  i hate how all the guns are practically free . 
  i was excited when the first pistol was 9k . 
  10k for a uzi , 12k for an extended mag . 
  that was real money when i was ~ lvl10 . 
  i had to make decision with my spending .
