   i 'm just using common sense and user guides, 
  both of which could be called builds . 
  as far as i 'm conserned any time you have any type of plan what you 're gon na buy that game that 's a build . 
  again , that 's not saying much . 
  the games are 22 years apart . 
  i 'm not sure what exactly is the measurement used for `` amount of data it takes to render '' but a simple uncompressed splash screen for a modern game can be larger than what an entire snes cart could hold . 
  i 've loaded weapon skin dlc larger than an snes game and those are just still textures on one object . 
  i 'm slightly worried that i 've seen way more gifs and videos of drake 's face during cutscenes on this sub than i 've seen actual gameplay content . 
  it 's a 360 . 
  let it die with some dignity . 
  mine has been tucked away in the attic for the past 2 years and it actually works . 
  and i 'm saying that what with moore 's law and everything this sort of thing is to be expected and applies to pretty much any game from now vs. 22 years ago so it 's not really that amazing . 
  it 's like how the sun is pretty amazing at what it does and how it allows for life to exist on planet earth which is cool but i do n't go around every day looking up at the sky being amazed by how the sun is there or point it out to all my mates because we 've come to expect it . 
  at least in parties you 're offered drugs before someone tries to blow your mind pointing out everyday stuff . 
  `` i do n't know why you 're arguing . '', 
  he says while preparing to type up his argument . 
  but i do n't want to be artificially limited to a limited number of heroes . 
  i 'd play lol if i did n't like counter picking freely . 
  well i guess i 'm not playing dota for a few days then . 
  it is . 
  trying to outdraft the opposing captain . 
  it 's not fun for anyone else involved though . 
  builds are not the thing keeping 3k people in 3k, 
  yeah but you probably see video games almost daily unlike the grand canyon . 
   and no , using windows sound mixer is n't an acceptable solution - it should be an option in the game . 
  well you can put the voice volume to 0 % if you do n't want to alt-tab . 
  i 'm not saying they should n't allow you to mute during pick phase but that 's probably better than windows mixer if you have a slow computer . 
  if only there was some sort of text box where everyone on the team could type their suggestions, 
  even the localized versions of dota use the same english hero names though, 
  you mean one of the 50 heroes ? 
  since apparently the only reason anyone would want to choose freely from all 111 is to spam a single one every game . 
  yes because no one would ever want to counter pick the enemy team or have the freedom to choose whatever they think best fits their own lineup . 
  no , the only reason people like playing all pick is to spam heroes . 
  but those things are extremely cheap and crappy ? 
   `` do n't buy it with real money , you can get one in game for nothing but your time '', 
  not just that but accomplishing stuff and slowly acquiring better gear is ( or should be ) fun . 
  if it 's not fun then i would n't be playing in the first place and taking that feeling of progress away would ruin a big part of why i personally play video games . 
  the touch screen is n't cool . 
  it 's something a person from the 80 's would think is cool because he has n't used one . 
  people in the 21st century should know it 's a crappy gimmick that simply does n't work as well as physical input . 
  the title should say rip ps2 online . 
  ps2 still functions fine . 
  i must 've played over a thousand hours on the ps2 and i never had it connected to the internet . 
  he does have a username though and if he 's an 8th grader posting about personal matters like this on yikyak more than likely people know who it is, 
  but touch screens are n't new anymore . 
  we 've had plenty of experience with them . 
  i 'm not against touch screens because i 'm not familiar with them but in fact the very opposite . 
  sent from my physical keyboard with mechanical switches, 
  no they have n't . 
  i never use a touch screen with a computer nor have i seen anyone else outside of some tech demos or advertisements . 
  i use a touch screen on my phone but that 's because a phone has to fit in my pocket . 
  that 's the one good thing with touch screens , they allow for more screen space in portable devices with strict size requirements . 
  a car center console does n't have to fit in my pocket . 
  i already lost it 3 days ago . 
  played every game since the start of winter compendium with it ( 250 games wow what a nerd ) so the regular map feels strange now . 
  well it is `` our '' fault . 
  it 's not stupidity to demand people change to suit you if it works . 
  it 's stupidity to give in to those demands . 
  the politicians sucking refugees ' dicks are mostly white christians . 
  they 're the ones who make the decisions , not the refugees themselves . 
  i 've actually been doing the same thing for the past year . 
  an unassembled ikea nightstand as a nightstand . 
  before that i had an unassembled ikea tv stand as a tv stand . 
  both have worked fine . 
  it 's not my responsibility as a consumer to buy a product not up to my standards to fund the development of something i 'd actually want . 
  if you slow it down you can see that he slightly throws it up before letting go and the actual time he 's not holding on to the thing is much shorter than how it appears first time watching, 
   this is why you should be watching counter-strike, 
  a shot that is 100 % luck is why you should be watching cs ? 
  it 's cool and everything , but anyone above gold nova has the same chance of hitting that shot there , he just had the rng gods in his favor . 
  this is not an example of an impressive performance . 
   an element of randomness, 
  do you have any idea how huge the spread is on awp while jumping sideways and not scoped ? 
  it 's more than just `` an element of '' . 
  they all still have boobs so who cares really, 
  yeah but the guy 's attitude towards workplace safety is pretty russian . 
  but is n't xbone `` backward compability '' technically just emulation ? 
  so it could run differently . 
  not everyone on reddit is 12 years old or an american . 
  maybe it has something to do with her being a really shitty actor . 
  people die all the time . 
  a lot of people spend lots of time playing video games . 
  it 's not that unbelievable that people die while playing videogames . 
  yeah and it 's also a fucking joke, 
  serious question . 
  how does someone have `` a great understanding of mobas '' yet `` no reliable way to voice chat with pc players '' ? 
  are n't all notable mobas pc exclusive ? 
  probably because i 'm used to games like counter-strike where you 're supposed to move your mouse across the entire mousepad for a 180, 
  also that unnecessary gif color compression when the file he ends up posting is a webm . 
  yea thanks i already noticed my mistake but forgot to delete this, 
  yeah what 's up with the super loud sounds in source 2 ? 
  i thought it was some beta bug that 'll get fixed right away back when source 2 was optional but 6 months later i still get occasional super loud sounds from certain abilities . 
  yeah but it 's pretty stupid since a lot of people prefer using english ( original ) versions of software rather than a crappy translated one . 
  wew i found the one person in the world who actually abides by the nintendo health warnings, 
  i 'm not playing dota without a 5 stack until ap comes back . 
  not as a protest or anything , i just do n't find rd enjoyable in the slightest and cm without a full party in teamspeak is terrible as well . 
  random draft was added 15th of december . 
  in the last 3 months you have 289 games with a winrate of 59.86 % which works out to about +1425 mmr assuming every win is +25 and every loss -25 . 
  checks out . 
  people who want to circlejerk how removing the most popular game mode is a good idea are more likely to click on links and vote about it . 
  i can speak english too but i 'd still rather play with people who share the same native language if that was an option .
