  i 've never been to one . 
   there is automatic downvotes that are meant to keep certain posts from dominating . 
  that not what they 're for . 
  they 're to fool voting bots into not realizing they 've been shadowbanned . 
  yeah . 
  or at least they wo n't show correctly . 
  just because you have n't tasted anything better or know about beer does n't make koff any less crap . 
  in central european countries you can buy quality beer that would be 6-10 $ in alko for less than what koff costs . 
  of course it 's largely taxations fault and not the lack of skill in finland . 
  the brewery in germany gets a much larger portion of that ~ 1 $ than they do in finland . 
  many times as much . 
  that 's why they can afford to use better ingredients and more expensive/time consuming methods . 
  who the fuck wants an ipad ? 
  it 's an oversized phone you ca n't call with or a laptop without a keyboard . 
  worst of both worlds . 
  inb4 `` you can make skype calls with tablets '' . 
  yeah because i always dreamed of a cell phone that you ca n't fit in your pocket . 
  the reason you take the ferry to stockholm or tallinn is, 
  there 's other reasons than snus ? 
  a lot of bars in helsinki have an age limit of 24 or at least 22 . 
  all the 18 year old bars are full of 16 year olds with fake ids and teenagers puking on the floor . 
   apps and games, 
  you mean the same apps you can get for any smartphone ( and that run just as well on a phone ) and games ... well , i do n't think there 's anything that really needs to be said about tablet games . 
  if anything the word `` cancer '' comes to mind . 
   most of the finns i know keep their negative thoughts to themselves . 
  i do n't think we live in the same finland . 
  yeah but they 're all casual shit just like smartphone games . 
  i know . 
  but if you 're over 24 ( or have an id that says so ) it 's more unlikely they 'll turn you away as they do n't have that easy excuse . 
  also if you 're a girl you can get in anywhere at the age of 18 . 
   until then strictly for gaming i would suggest an ipad, 
  i 'd recommend a gaming console or a pc . 
  the free flash games you can play in your web browser are better than ipad games . 
  yeah and my original point was always that if you want quality video games tablets should n't be the device to buy . 
  just do n't post it in / r/funny because it 's actually kinda funny . 
  this feels like some adhd valve developer reading the reddit whine post halfway through and then making `` quick fixes '' . 
  i 'm not really complaining as this is still better than before , but the point was always to keep the aim punch while dinked and to remove it from unarmoured body shots . 
   eco rounds are still just a round ` lets go die guys ', 
  shoot opponents in the head, 
  this is the first time i 've heard of the cs community being seen as trash . 
  i know people hate the cod community and the lol community but how can you hate cs ? 
  everyone 's played it at some point in their lives , or if they have n't they probably do n't know enough about video games to care about `` communities '' . 
  `` playing offline '' as in playing the cpu ? 
  who does that ? 
  get a friend . 
  daily mail is as reliable as a random blog . 
  also i do n't think the title needed the `` wtf ? '', 
  do some people really use full names of games ? 
  i play cod , bf , tf , cs etc. 
  the only game title i do n't abbreviate is nhl . 
  is n't this after and before ? 
  not really . 
  in any other country he could just fap to the unedited footage on his home couch because we do n't edit out nudity in reality shows like survivor or big brother . 
  admitting to fapping to naked reality tv contestants is not really that big of a confession . 
  90 % of the time i play in full lobbies . 
  i do n't get this complaint . 
  so to make a joke these days the main character has to be asexual with preferably no genitalia ? 
  holy fuck , if this is `` sexism '' then any joke ever made is clearly an attack towards an entire gender . 
  besides i thought this was about people who post whiny status updates on facebook and wo n't tell what the problem is . 
  100 % of those are women . 
   without implying that women are no good under pressure, 
  i did n't see this implied anywhere . 
  i think you 're on a witchhunt . 
  i 'd much rather have 20 seconds of holy shit awesome than 30 minutes of mediocre . 
  where does it imply women are no good under pressure ? 
  the other technician is a woman as well , she does n't seem to be panicing . 
  why does that one panicing woman represent the entire female gender ? 
  why was that your first thought ? 
  what does that tell about your idea of women under pressure ? 
  i thought the punchline was `` haha people who make stupid facebook posts '' but i guess not everyone can see through the gender of the characters . 
  i did n't think they were relevant until i read the comments . 
  why ca n't everone be like this ? 
  like a fanboy ? 
  why is that something you 'd want ? 
  fanboys are the most annoying kind of people . 
  i had the 360 for 6 years . 
  i was a `` die-hard 360 fan '' because i believed it to be a superior console to the ps3 or the wii . 
  however before that i owned a gamecube and a ps1 and now i 'm getting the ps4 . 
  there 's nothing more idiotic than being `` a fan '' of a company and buying every product they offer just because of the name tag on it . 
  also this entire post is just a huge circlejerk with no actual information value cluttering up the front page . 
  so please , do n't everone be like this . 
  `` platform '' is the same as a company for all intents and purposes . 
  you can like a certain product . 
  praising a product because it 's of a certain `` platform '' ( aka . 
  made by a certain company ) even before it 's release is just foolish . 
  there 's a lot of people from finland and sweden as well . 
  i guess the climate forces us to stay indoors and post cat pictures . 
  yeah what about apple ? 
  i own an imac and an oldish mac book pro from 2007 . 
  i 'd never buy an iphone ( at least until big changes to the ios ) or an ipad . 
  what 's your point ? 
  other brands have idiotic fans as well so it 's suddenly okay ? 
   people are praising destiny before release because we all know bungie makes awesome games . 
  one series of generic space marine fps shooters equals `` awesome games '' ? 
  i think there 's a sort of a `` drain '' or a gap or whatever you want to call it next to those sandbags . 
  as you can see the `` explosion '' primarily went to the left and right . 
  it 's almost like a shaped charge . 
  also these are n't real grenades . 
  they 're the practice nades you throw in basic training ( at least in finland ) . 
  they are n't complete duds and they will blow your fingers off if you completely fuck it up but they wo n't kill you unless you eat it or something .
