  how can a keyboard that often craps out be a great one ? 
  i think reliability is the most important thing when it comes to any hardware , be it a keyboard or a mouse or a monitor or anything . 
  that tap on the shoulder, 
  haters gon na hate, 
  true . 
  though he did come up with the most creative cheeses . 
  i 'll always have a place in my heart for naama, 
  who 's the blonde ? 
  sc2 is one of the few things where i feel like more time has passed than actually has . 
  usually it 's the other way around . 
  so much has happened in those 4 years . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  i usually always get 5 or 6 ping on mm servers so that 's what i 'm used to . 
  i do n't notice a difference to 30-40 ping and neither would i complain . 
  but around 60 you start feeling it . 
  over 80 is significantly noticeable , above 100 unplayable . 
  or at least unenjoyable . 
  e. just ti be clear i 'm talking about the figures the game shows you . 
  i do n't believe those are actual milliseconds of latency . 
  i once played on na ( i 'm eu ) and it claimed my ping was 90-110 which should n't even be possible and i was rubberbanding like crazy . 
  no but i doubt this is his first time using a computer, 
  blizzard pls fix, 
  also i ca n't think there would be a licensing problem as these tournaments are supported by blizzard which obviously owns the sc1 music rights as well . 
  that was definitely one of the best games of 2014 i 've seen . 
  complaining about imbalance is n't `` hate '' or `` bitching and moaning '' . 
  it 's a legit concern . 
  well yeah , but this fight was nowhere near that point . 
  i know what you 're saying about adrenaline and survival instinct etc. 
  though . 
  it 's just that it 's not really what 's going on here . 
  i simply ca n't spot what makes you think `` rich '' when you see this pic . 
  the mobile phone ? 
  glasses ? 
  living in a house ? 
  there 's even a table and a recliner !, 
  i 'm not the one saying it . 
  professional players and casters are the one saying it . 
  only half of your deaths are surprise backstabs ? 
  i have the `` first playthrough so i have no clue and better put some points into everything '' build . 
  i love how there 's no scaling or max level so you can actually do this . 
  only thing it fucks up is pvp/co-op since i 'm about 30 levels higher than i should be . 
  i 'm playing blind ( though not completely because i do look at these dark souls memes etc. ), 
  and i never realized the black iron set is actually considered that good . 
  i just thought it was better than all the other crap i had found so far . 
  i actually got an enchanted weapon so that i benefit from having a lot of intelligence which i got to try out the spells . 
  really the only `` wasted '' levels are just extra dex and str but since it 's my first playthrough it 's nice to have some of both so i could/can try out new weapons that seem promising . 
  what 's mundane infusion ? 
  i 'm assuming you 're talking about ds2 since i ca n't remember seeing either one of those words . 
  i 'm still working on the first one . 
  oh my god a joke . 
  reddit ruined . 
  dead game . 
  yeah i played with the starting armor ( except for helmet ) until i reached blighttown . 
  i rarely kill random opponents unless it 's in some funny way . 
  i only play free aim and i 'm pretty good at console shooting so i can pretty easily still kill people even if they shoot at me first . 
  other than that i really like playing co-op so i try to help people , pick up people in my car , get in random people 's cars etc. 
  i have n't played in a while but when online was new i played like 24/7 so i was higher level than 95 % of the people i ran into . 
  i loved picking up low level people in my helicopter or helping them complete easy missions in hilariously overkill ways . 
  9 times out of 10 when i went to pick up a random person on the server with my helicopter they 'd shoot at me , but it 's well worth that 1 time when he hops on and i find a new internet buddy to play with . 
  i remember one time i spotted a guy running from level 5 cops on a highway and followed him in my chopper . 
  his car broke down and he got into a firefight and tried to run away so i landed in front of him and saved him from the cops in the nick of time . 
  he turned out to be like level 5 and was excitedly yelling something like `` dude i only had a millimetre of health left that was amazing '' etc. 
  then we did missions together . 
  good times . 
  yeah but i 'm talking about ds1 . 
  i do n't really play/care about pvp but i really like being summoned to other people 's games . 
  it 's kinda hard to find anyone when you 're so much higher lvl than you should be . 
  i actually like the multiplayer more now after ds2 got released because all the hardcore minmaxers with optimized builds or griefers moved on to ds2 while people still playing ds1 are more relaxed . 
  i 'd say casual but i do n't think you can really call any ds player `` a casual '' . 
  i 'm not surprised kids named braylee have high schoolers for parents . 
  a painting can be anywhere from millions to $ 10 . 
  if you live in a rural area big houses are n't really that expensive . 
  you can afford a deck with middle class income . 
   its definitely partially her fault , she chose to have sex, 
  well maybe after the sequel has been out for some time , but now that it 's still brand new mostly people who are n't that invested in the series are the ones still playing ds1 . 
  and people who heard the hype regarding ds2 and decided to play the first one first . 
  i did n't start as warrior, 
  point here is the guy might 've won his bet and still lost this gun . 
  that 's not a security problem, 
  well that 's what i figured since people on reddit kept saying you should summon at least the sunbro guy and not to go in alone . 
  and i do n't see any other reason to get humanity . 
  there are like 50 messages saying `` need humanity '' on the way from the bonfire to the boss though . 
  ooooh that makes sense, 
  i 'd certainly like to know how orstein was if you killed smough first . 
  even in his normal form he dealt much more damage to me than smough in both forms combined . 
  that zone is the reason i play dark souls . 
  yeah this is far from a perfect paper filter . 
  in fact i doubt it would even function properly . 
  got used ? 
  how did she get used when she agreed to an affair while in a relationship ? 
  i 'd say that 's pretty consensual sex . 
  well she 's in a relationship so i 'd say they were both just having sex with each other with no plans to take their relationship further . 
  also being in a relationship with another man is a pretty clear sign you only want sex . 
  she did n't get used . 
  well she is in a relationship with another man , so i 'd say it 's pretty safe to assume he is just a fuck buddy to her aswell . 
  there 's no using here . 
   you scout gasless and you still rush a low ground wall and expand on the low ground , why ? 
  he ca n't do anything to you that you ca n't kite to death . 
  i do n't get this . 
  if you feel safe that there 's nothing he can kill you with , is n't expanding to low ground a good idea ?
