  well i 'm white so go figure but i second that . 
  especially when you live in a country like finland , where 98 % of black people are either 1st or 2nd generation immigrants . 
  i hate to say it and i do n't mean anything racist by it but in most cases black skin also shows your wealth . 
  so it probably has more to do with the economic status ( aka being poor ) than any cultural thing but i 've been involved in around a thousand `` drug '' deals in my life and the only times i 've been ripped off have been with black people . 
  i do n't think the url shortener ban is stupid . 
  i think you 're splitting hairs because that 's not really a url shortener . 
  it 's a google maps link that 's a shortened version . 
  an url shortener is something you can put any url into . 
  you ca n't put links outside google maps to goo.gl / maps . 
  you 're simply mistaken, 
  i agree with the first part of your post but r/truereddit ? 
  seriously ? 
  all these `` true ____ '' subs are just circlejerks for people who feel they 're `` better '' or `` mote mature '' than the `` most people '' . 
  they 're simply ego-boosting neckbeards talking about how things used to be better . 
  but that url is straight from google maps . 
  i did n't put it through any other website . 
  you can waste as much of your time you want , you wo n't be right . 
   you can waste as much of your time you want , you wo n't be right . 
   you can waste as much of your time you want , you wo n't be right . 
  i think the critical difference is stick vs hand, 
  i love rampage, 
  i 'm going to need a better source than a blog, 
  finnish sports paper veikkaaja published this news today morning saying `` close relatives and people working with him '' confirmed it , but there has n't been an official announcement . 
  i want to believe . 
  actually nowhere in that article does it quote teemu, 
   finnish sports paper veikkaaja published this news today morning saying `` close relatives and people working with him '' confirmed it , but there has n't been an official announcement . 
  amazing art but where did the second eye suddently appear from ? 
  i can seriously feel a huge rush of adrenaline while ( and especially after ) being last alive in snd . 
  it 's unlike anything i 've experienced in a videogame , except the same in cs . 
  for having them in the first place, 
  \\  100.0 represent, 
  why do you people have the commentary on ? 
  i have n't even listened to the fifa12 ones because i already know they 're shit . 
  maybe you would n't get one-hit if you did n't use a glass cannon build, 
  yeah but the only kind of combining i do is flawless squares and up, 
  well , no . 
  sfx + music ( not from the game ) is all you need . 
  well it still pretty much is . 
  i 'm not going to bother picking up anything below square simply because i have dozens and dozens of perf . 
  squares as well so they 're not helping me in any way . 
  estonia is not one of the nordic countries, 
  my main character is monk and the patch made my game a whole lot easier so i do n't know if 100 %, 
  what shared history ? 
  i 'm finnish and took all the history classes i could in high-school . 
  i do n't remember anything special happening with estonia . 
  the languages are very similiar though . 
  i do n't want to live in a world where ascii art gets downvoted to hell, 
  minecraft has nukes now ? 
  switched to ? 
   you did n't have very good teachers , i suppose, 
  no argument there, 
  on a side note , what 's up with cnn 's way of treating every sentence as a separate paragraph ? 
  5/5 would read again, 
  i thought they looked like they were looking for the cameras . 
  i 'm not a regular smoker but this ad made me want to smoke a cigarette . 
  i hate to rain on the parade but that 10 seconds of blowing smoke in the beginning was enough . 
  i have never ever had a follower avoid a trap . 
  it 's unbelievable how they seem to home in on the traps no matter how much i avoid them . 
  does n't much matter though since i have the heal spell and even if the trap hits me it does like 1 % dmg of my hp . 
  shit like this is what 's keeping me from moving to america . 
  i watched the video and while i agree it was n't completely acceptable behaviour that is not something you need to bother a judge for . 
  she brushed her hands against the other lady 's leg . 
  let 's go to court . 
  what the fuck ? 
  where i live ( finland ) this would had resulted in `` ok now do n't touch the officer '' and the situation would had continued as if that never happened . 
  i hate to bash america because you get a ton of unnecessary shit but this is a perfect example of how everything is blown out of proportion over there . 
   at work, 
  that 's the joke, 
  i was more surprised anyone here claimed to actually have a job, 
   keep in mind that you 're hearing these stories because they 're exceptional . 
  true , but they still do happen . 
  and going to court means thousands and thousands of dollars of lawyer frees . 
  i just hate to take that chance ( along with the chance of getting shot either by a criminal or a cop , getting tagged in the sexual offender register because i peed on the sidewalk etc etc ), 
  i understand that but see, 
   i just hate to take that chance, 
  after all it is my life i 'm gambling with . 
  extremely low odds are not the same as impossible . 
  well / b / and / v / ( and / gif / ) are the only boards i visit and i know many others do the same , so . . 
  maybe if he . . no that does n't work, 
  point is it 's silly to say '' / v / has nothing to do with / b / '' when those are the most used boards on 4chan and a ton of people who visit / b / also visit / v /, 
  so why 'd you beat your wife ? 
  are you sure it 's not cgi ? 
  because that 's crazy, 
   often , the injury occurs when someone or something falls on the back of the calf while that leg 's knee and tips of the toes are touching the ground . 
  god damn i felt bad just reading that, 
  oh snap i know reddiquette dictates i should just upvote and move on because i have nothing of value to add but that was one of the best jokes i 've heard on reddit in a looong time . 
  afaik yes, 
  yeah ... 
  i 'm a man and it takes a whole lot more than just putting my head under the sink to have `` presentable '' ( as in workplace or school ) hair . 
  you got ta remember though that with almost every product if they say `` up to 30 times '' in reality it 's more like 50-100 . 
  they just do n't want people complaining and demanding money back if it works for less than promised . 
  so how does a 17 year old girl get charged with domestic violence ? 
  first result on google , gets the job done, 
  yup . 
  2nd time ever in the u.s iirc, 
  yeah granted i was leaning back from the screen but when i scrolled down to this image my first reflex was `` haha somehow that photo reminds me of skyrim '', 
  i think it might be the shadows, 
  well i have lived there before as an exchange student and i also have family in the u.s i 've visited often so the thought has come to mind more than once, 
  wait when you say `` under the influence '' you mean alcohol or weed ? 
  because as someone who 's been smoking for relatively many years that 's . . unheard of :d,
