  media scoring 58/100 on metacritic and 6.3 in gamespot . 
  i really ca n't understand why or how that happened . 
  i actually found the original victoria cd and reinstalled it so i think it 's going to be a while before i 'm playing anything else :d, 
  btw from wikipedia `` fans of paradox 's games have noted this one for being the deepest game paradox has yet made , making it quite popular with the paradox fanbase '' . 
  also i have to mention this manual is giving me nostalgia . 
  50 pages of text ( and pictures ) . 
  not like these days when you get some sort of flier or maybe a 3 page manual that explains the controls . 
   victoria 2 fixed a lot of the problems of victoria 1 in book . 
  i do n't know . 
  wikipedia says `` fans of paradox 's games have noted this one for being the deepest game paradox has yet made , making it quite popular with the paradox fanbase '' ( victoria ) and `` gamespot said that there was much less micromanagement than in its predecessor '' ( victoria 2 ) . 
  does n't sound that promising . 
  who 's the first chick ? 
  i do n't think you know what that word means . 
  besides it kinda does to be honest . 
  that upgrade ( 250mm cannons ) is not on that list either, 
  the only time i use any kind of mp3 player for is when i run or go to the gym . 
  i much prefer having a ~ 25g ipod nano in my pocket as opposed to my smart phone with a 4.5 '' display . 
  newer versions are n't as bad a the old ones ? 
  well that 's certainly unheard of in the software industry . 
  are they still worse than their competitors which is the only thing that actually matters ? 
  i think your `` defending ie just because it 's popular to hate ie '' act is even more pathetic . 
  at least people have a reason or personal experiences they base their hate on . 
  you just want to be different for the sake of being different . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  though i have n't actually tried it myself . 
   hard as balls to beat, 
  were talking about mario , right ? 
  so simple yet so beautiful, 
  and it 's called r/starcraft, 
  this is the internet . 
  you can say fuck here . 
  i had n't seen that one . 
  thanks !, 
  the entire daily was hilarious . 
  [ best part ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7x8wbmce0w0&amp;t=980 ) . 
  i have n't used itunes on pc since 2007 . 
  the os x version works like a charm . 
  yeah but you can buy snus if you go to sweden . 
  anything white . 
  try skruf stark white , the best of all snus ( es ? ) . 
  might be a bit strong though . 
  i think there 's a regular skruf white as well . 
  because tobacco tastes bad , smells bad , makes breathing more difficult etc. 
  besides you ca n't smoke indoors anywhere anymore . 
  also the effect of nicotine is different . 
  when smoking it 's a quick and relatively powerful high that goes down almost immidiately . 
  snus has a lot more nicotine but it gets released slowly over time so it 's a mellow feeling . 
  feels especially great after a workout or a big meal . 
  yeah if you want ettan or grov or some other crap for double the price . 
  is n't wrestling judged ? 
  but i do agree with your point . 
  i ca n't really enjoy `` judge sports '' . 
  i admit i 'm no expert but are n't there different score amounts for how `` clean '' or well-executed the takedown is ? 
  at least in greco-roman ? 
  i remember there being an outrage over a finnish athlete losing the gold because of bias judges . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpvoqcgshic ) a youtube clip . 
  the throw is around 2min 40sec . 
  everyone expected 3 points for that but he only got 1 which lost him the gold . 
  it 's not necessarily age related . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen more than two seconds of oprah when switching through channels . 
   i ca n't recommend it enough . 
  fantastic read !, 
  also i wonder how long that sticked must 've been there to cause such a significant difference . 
  it 's got nothing to do with being snobby . 
  it 's like firenze . 
  the italian name is firenze and it 's firenze on every other language so take a guess if i remember to write `` florence '' when i happen to be speaking english . 
  whoops my bad . 
  read that as `` i ca n't recommend it though '' . 
  yeah but being on the run after killing police officers is n't a `` completely normal '' situation . 
  who thought you that ? 
  the cop who did a motivational speech at your high school ? 
   `` why do you drive on a parkway and park on a driveway ? '', 
  that 's actually a good point, 
  i was n't saying dorner was smart . 
  oh yeah i 'm definitely not saying that him having an id would be `` suspicious '' or unbelievable . 
  why move both ? 
  would n't it be better to have 7 +8 in the west and 7 +8 in the east ? 
  since play-off 's are determined by conference standings instead of divisions this way would be fair for everyone . 
   women do n't have it easier dude . 
  yeah well that 's probably got a lot to do with it . 
  i just glanced at the movie 's imdb page to determine if i should download it but decided to wait until my next re-up . 
  apparently i 'm either world poetry day baby or world down syndrome day baby . 
  haha did n't even have to open the link to know which goal you we 're talking about, 
  you ca n't penalize someone based on a replay and since the play was n't stopped even though anaheim played the puck there ca n't have been a penalty . 
  [ for the lazy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by934huw4wq ), 
  best part is the fan 's wife or whatever cheering after sullivan returns to make a comment, 
  that 's probably the best part of the game though . . too bad , it had tons of potential :(, 
  i guess you just need to choose which comment threads you open . 
  i play starcraft , watch starcraft and subscribe to r/starcraft and honestly have n't heard of idra in like forever . 
  i think the last time was when i was watching home story cup and babyknight made a gg joke . 
  it 's better when the `` villains '' are good at the game though . 
  like stephano , he causes controversy wherever he goes but he also wins tournaments . 
  idra does nothing but acts like a jerk . 
  when you broadcast your games on a live stream i 'd say it 's kinda borderline `` own business '' how you act in those games . 
   do n't smoke weed there, 
  he only rolled the j to be smoked elsewhere . 
  but i get your point . 
  well that sucks . 
  especially since the unit i want easy access to are the ones i mass . 
  having spellcasters in a separate group makes sense but the spellcasters already override the brute force in a deathball .
