  even though i 've read american psycho and some of ellis ' other books i still wondered what the fuck is a `` psycho writer '' . 
  have you installed dsfix ? 
  do you have a ps4 gamepad connected ? 
  i can . 
  it 's zero . 
  problem is n't the loading times . 
  my game loads in 3-4 seconds . 
  problem is people with shitty pc 's playing a free to play game and that 's something that ca n't really be helped . 
  the full video is only 19 seconds long . 
  it 's on motherless . 
  search for `` fit kira '' and there 's 4 videos of her . 
  well yeah but in that scenario it 's the boss who 's not very bright . 
  the attempted russian invasion of finland was part of the [ molotov -- ribbentrop pact, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact ) which would make the winter war and continuation war very much a part of world war ii . 
  how does one even become a diaper manufacturer fan ? 
  have you tried starting the game without the controller plugged in ? 
  dsfix is absolutely mandatory for the dks1 pc port even though it probably wo n't fix your issue of not starting up . 
  i 've used a lot of toilet paper in my life and i have n't considered declaring myself a fan of any particular brand let alone subscribe to them on facebook . 
  is everyone who plays this game a weeaboo or why does every song in the most popular list have an anime girl in the thumbnail ? 
   tablets are absolute positioning and mice are relative . 
  is n't a mouse `` absolute '' as well if you just turn off mouse acceleration ? 
  also as someone who 's played a lot of pc games like rts 's and shit i would argue that using a mouse accurately is a lot easier than a finger on a touch screen . 
  pizza on lainasana . 
  how much work goes into a video makes literally no difference as long as you get views . 
  both the oculus and vive require rendering two separate images for two separate screens at 90fps . 
  yes it is . 
  two different frames from two different viewpoints . 
  naturally a lot of the objects etc. 
  are same which saves memory and very few additional cpu calculations are needed so it 's not doubling the load on the computer but it 's still two completely individual frames being rendered . 
  yeah and streaming can be a fun alternative too if you no longer interact with people in real life . 
  i do n't agree with anything you said really . 
  even as a kid the most fun was smoking when someone 's parents were away and you had the house to yourself etc. 
  and could relax freely . 
  now it 's like that but always . 
  and it never got any worse . 
  having to worry about getting caught was never fun , not even with nostalgia goggles . 
  sure it was fun to be a kid and smoke weed but sneaking around was not the part that made it fun . 
  which is where most youtube personalities make the vast majority if not all of their income . 
  if you ca n't stop an 8 year old kid from running into a burning building you 're not fit to look after him in the first place . 
  according to the story there were 4 adults there and not a single one of them was physically capable of stopping an 8 year old ? 
  kids are n't known for their understanding of consequences . 
  well yeah but i do n't pick up my mouse . 
  i 'm so fucking glad reddit does n't balance this game, 
  no it does n't . 
  once you enable 3rd party tracking it shows all the way back to your first game of dota . 
  i 'm pretty sure picking is n't included either neither is the time before the creeps spawn . 
  it 's the time of the clock at the moment throne is destroyed in all your games combined . 
  which is kinda dumb . 
  there are tons of positive buffs bkb purges and the inability to euls/force seems completely reasonable as it does n't work on magic immune enemies either . 
  bkb 's magic immunity is n't intended to be a purely positive effect with zero downsides . 
  rules, 
  reflexes can be good or bad, 
  i do n't want to read discussion about a game i have n't finished yet . 
  besides a large user base is n't some sacred goal every sub should aim for . 
  most subs only get worse the larger they get . 
  i 've never tried krokodil but i can say it 's a pretty shitty drug . 
  poland treats refugees like they 're supposed to . 
  they 're offered a safe place to sleep , free food , free polish lessons and like 100 $ or so of spending money a month . 
  refugees do n't like this deal so even though poland has pretty low refugee quotas to begin with they 're not even halfway being filled up because the refugees get a much better deal in other eu countries . 
  lol who gives a shit . 
  it 's not like any of us was going to fuck her anyway so what does it matter what she thinks of someone posting her pics . 
  i love it when people madly post multiple messages about `` how much fun they 're having laughing at idiots '' . 
  yeah prostitutes can earn a lot too . 
  does n't mean it 's a desirable career path . 
  no shit sherlock ? 
  that 's exactly what i was saying . 
  where do you even see this shit ? 
  i calibrated at 1k originally and still never saw these games . 
  do these happen in unranked ? 
  i have n't played unranked since i was able not to . 
  i 'm sure his coach will be asking the same question, 
  except it was the second leg and the first game ended 2-0 so it was effectively tied . 
  it 's yet another `` i want to make a sub about something there is already a sub for so i 'll make the title unnecessary complicated '' sub . 
  there 's a lot of them among nsfw subs . 
  i 'm guessing he 's referencing the fact that our current way of life is unsustainable and while it 's impossible to predict that far into the future it 's very much possible that humanity will never again see an era like this where we 're able to devote so much to things other than survival . 
   and really every major country except the usa, 
  as opposed to minor countries like china and india that are polluting wildly ? 
  self defense is not a `` second wrong '' . 
   how can you look at this video and see her presenting any type of danger to that ( rather large ) guy ? 
  what the fuck does his size matter if he is n't allowed to fight back ? 
  the very reason she does n't present him a huge danger is that he is allowed to defend himself using his ( rather large ) size . 
  if he is n't allowed to defend himself then his size becomes totally irrelevant and she does pose a threat . 
  it was pretty much the first and only thing the americans won and that 's why in america and in america 's sphere of influence ( the west ) it was so highly emphasized . 
  just as well the `` space race '' could 've been `` won '' when the soviets launched the first satellite into space or when the soviets launched the first man to space . 
  the moon landing was simply the first opportunity for us to declare victory and of course in america it worked . 
   was never replicated by the soviets, 
  because there is literally no reason to do it unless you 're trying to come up with something to be first at . 
  the moon is a barren rock . 
  what 's stupid about it ? 
  obviously you do n't use a transparent minigrip bag but put it in an envelope or something and vacuum seal the goods . 
  people have been mailing drugs for years and the risk of getting caught is lower than in traditional f2f transactions . 
  no one scans domestic mail , let alone a service where the packages are n't even delivered . 
  the jokes are pretty much as gloriously shitty on both but the main point is the lack of sjw mods . 
  / r/me _ irl even has a rule these days that 100k + karma posters are n't allowed to submit because it 's not fair for some people to have so many imaginary meme points apparently . 
  no one does it for the taste . 
  well you know just because someone is selling it for $ 24.99 does n't mean you have to buy it . 
  yeah because obviously activision has a terrible track record with making money from cod , right ? 
  should 've gone for 970 regardless as amd is unreliable garbage even on windows . 
  you can tell me all about how `` it 's not their fault '' but if you want to run modern games without issues you stay away from amd regardless who 's to blame . 
  he 's kinda right though .
