  i never said you know nothing , i said you have low standards . 
  yeah it 's on 1.04 on ps4 and xbox and 1.06 on pc . 
  thanks for the perfect example . 
  1.04 was released on pc over 2 weeks before it was released on consoles . 
  also despite being called `` 1.04 '' it 's only one of the two updates the console version has received . 
  because :, 
   ms and sony both charge devs money for game updates and have their own `` cerfitiface '' programs the patches have to go through so the devs do n't want to release a patch every time they fix something , they wait until they get a bunch of fixes and then release it as one update . 
   i could be lucky and get it on gamefly in the first week, 
  what year is it ? 
   if i ca n't , i can purchase it and sell after-market , trade it in , let a friend borrow, 
  yes you can , but why ? 
  you never answered this :, 
   sure neither has mods at launch , but it 's not like the ps4 version is better in any way . 
  it 's just not as much worse at launch . 
  i just do n't understand why someone who 's going to eventually get it on pc would n't get it on pc right away . 
  there 's no advantage the ps4 version has unless it 's the only platform you own but that 's definitely not the case since you 're planning to get it on pc too . 
   multiple patches were consolidated into one for console . 
  exactly . 
  that 's word to word what i have been saying . 
  you keep arguing my point for me then following it up with `` you do n't know what you 're talking about '' while agreeing with me . 
  but unlike facebook vk.com is used as a practically unfiltered video host . 
  it 's much faster and better than sites like liveleak or dailymotion and they do n't give a shit about copyright because russia . 
  you can even upload porn on vk.com , some tube sites use it as their host and just embed the videos to their site . 
   patches are n't instant on pc either . 
  those things take time as well . 
  i never said that . 
  i said they 're even slower on consoles . 
  you brought up witcher 3 and it 's a nice example since their site easily lists the updates . 
  look at it . 
  the console versions regularly skip updates and instead release fewer updates with all the fixes worked into one big update . 
  and even when they do n't skip the updates they come 2 weeks later than on pc ( 1.04 was released may 25th for pc and june 10th for xb/ps ) . 
  it 's exactly what i was saying . 
   and if you think that you 'll simply be able to throw any mod on your console , you 've got another thing coming . 
  those things will more than likely be curated for console . 
  i do n't know where you got this from but i 'm planning to play fo4 on a pc . 
  with no curating . 
   not to mention that for big releases like these , certification is always fasttracked, 
  so even with `` fast track '' it still takes 2 weeks ? 
  if i had to wait an additional 2 weeks on top of the time it takes devs to release a fix i 'd be pretty pissed . 
   you 're assuming there will be issues . 
  yes , i am . 
   you 're assuming some scrub will be able to solve those issues . 
  i 'm assuming some scrub will be able to solve those issues better than no solution at all . 
   you 're assuming that scrub will be able to fix it faster than bethesda can . 
  yes , i am , because they do n't have the same standards an official release does . 
  downloading a quick mod fix to something does n't mean you ca n't download the official better fix later when it 's released . 
   i have yet to play a game on pc that i 've actually had to download any community fix whatsoever, 
  well that 's just a matter of standards . 
  nobody is saying a game without mods is unplayable . 
  just that mod support is better than no mod support . 
  just because the guy is on steroids/hgh does n't mean everything he is or has done is totally credited to steroids . 
  steroids do n't make you obese either but if you do nothing but sit on the couch and eat 6000 kcal a day you 'll get fat no matter if you 're on steroids or not . 
  i 'd rather have nobody remember me than get injured doing stupid shit but to each his own . 
  i disagree . 
  sure the jukes were great but the confidence to shoot a slow backheel like that and trust that it 'll roll into the goal anyway is damn impressive . 
  enjoying life ? 
  you do n't need to take stupid risks `` to be remembered '' to enjoy life . 
   i have other shit going on . 
  i could tell by the fact that you did n't seem to understand what you were reading or even typing yourself . 
  and you are naive to think that just because they are businesses money is the only thing that matters or that money can do anything . 
  i 'm well aware companies pay publishers to have timed exclusives etc. 
  but that does n't negate the fact that there are `` natural '' reasons which can affect different platforms differently . 
  you 're misunderstanding . 
  i did n't mean it as `` money is the only thing that matters to the companies '' . 
  i meant it as `` money is the only thing that matters in the development process '' . 
  of course money is what companies are after but you 're forgetting that the publisher makes most of it 's money from consumers who buy the product . 
  if they think mod support on consoles will bring more sales they 'll include it even if ms and sony do n't pay them a dime . 
  and because of the os 's the consoles run it totally makes sense that it would be easier to implement on the xbone . 
  it 's kind of sad if you have to resort to that kind of argument . 
  i could use my life savings to buy poop and rub it all over me and it 's my money so i have the right to , but that does n't mean it would make any sense to do so . 
  i know what you mean but the ps4 controller works totally fine on pc . 
  i use mine regularly for indie platformers . 
  of course the french would have their own keyboard setup . 
  you 're saying that like it 's a rare thing not to watch twitch streams . 
  most people who play video games do n't watch twitch , and a lot of people who occasionally do only watch events and the like . 
  yeah but chinese and russians have their own alphabet so it 's hardly the same thing . 
  i did n't know about german keyboards but it appears to only have 1 button switched . 
  do n't buy it then ? 
  there 's a saying in my country : the one who asks [ for a price ] is not stupid but the one who pays . 
  so either you spend your days looking at facebook on your iphone or you do splits on two plastic chairs while holding 50kg weights ? 
  those are the only two options ? 
  and how is doing stupid shit like in the gif any less `` bubblewrappy '' ? 
  no it is n't . 
  a great many people who play videogames never go on a site like twitch . 
  it 's not something they even consider doing or know about . 
  yeah but events have other spectator features like being able to zoom out even more and no fog of war etc. 
  i personally played sc2 back when twitch was a new thing and watched all the big events like mlg and dreamhack and gsl and i can honestly say it took me more than a year to watch my first `` player stream '' despite watching tournaments and leagues constantly . 
  i do n't find it unlikely at all especially if he only watches ti like he said . 
  that was pretty overpriced . 
  i got my first dslr in 2004 and paid around a hundred for 1gb card . 
  it was even a fancy one . 
  nokia does n't exist anymore . 
  or it does but their phone department does n't . 
  microsoft bought them out . 
  learning math and doing calculations manually are two very separate things . 
  it would take me less time to download a 1080p rip of star wars episode ii than it would to put on pants , shoes and walk down to a movie rental place . 
  are you sure ? 
  our summer house has these really old ( 50 + years ) windows and they redid the window frames a few years ago so i got to see the glass panels on their own and all of them were definitely thicker on the base than on the top . 
  i doubt they were all originally like that . 
  yeah but x-files was fiction .
