  well that 's true , but the question was `` what do you do all day '' not `` do you find your life fulfilling and satisfying '' . 
  no it just means i have money left over from welfare after food etc. 
  but not enough to cover the entire thing . 
  there are no jobs available because i do n't have an education which i do n't have because i do n't want to go to school ( i 'm technically listed as an university student in a very good school but have n't gone to class in over a year ) . 
  not that i 've been too active looking for a job . 
  if it was n't costing my mom money i 'd have absolutely no reason not to keep going like this . 
  i do n't really want to change anything . 
   do you find your life fulfilling or satisfying ? 
  not really but i did n't when i regularly attended school either so there 's that . 
   are you generally happy or depressed or neither or in between ? 
  that 's a tough one . 
  i guess it depends on the definition of depressed . 
  i 'm sure some psychologists would say i 've been depressed for the last five years and that 's what got me here . 
  if by depressed you mean actively feeling down or bleak or unhappy then not really . 
  most of the time it 's just neutral gray `` nothing '' . 
  but i can still enjoy a good movie for example and laugh at the jokes just like anyone else . 
   sorry if i am asking you too many questions . 
  i do n't mind , i would n't have answered in the first place if it was a touchy subject . 
  i 'm not proud of my life in the slightest but i have no reason not to be open about it . 
  yeah well even though right now it 's pretty much what 's keeping me alive i 'm not a huge fan of the finnish take on social security either . 
  i do believe that some form of social security is required and that the european model is closer to the correct solution than the american but both are far from perfect . 
  for example right now if i were to accept a relatively low paying part time job i 'd lose all the government benefits so effectively for the first ~ 2 weeks out of a month i 'd be working for `` free '' . 
  tons of people are in a similiar situation . 
  it 's not very encouraging for people who 've been unemployed for a long time to look for `` any work '' like is common in the states because below a certain point it 's not really worth it . 
  would you rather get x amount of money a month doing nothing or 1.5 x working 8 hours a day in a shitty job . 
  different people have a different answer to that question . 
  yeah and you sound sour . 
  but i do admit to being extremely lazy though . 
  it 's not like i was trying to prove i 'm a good guy to anybody , someone asked a question about people living in my situation and i answered . 
  at the moment none at all . 
  think of it this way : if my income right now quadrupled it would n't change my day to day activities at all or very little . 
  i 'd probably get a bigger tv and and a better chair but that 's about it . 
  maybe buy some quality import beer instead of the bulk crap next time i feel like drinking some beers . 
  or eat more steak . 
  when you 're having a difficult time even coming up with ideas how to spend the money it 's kinda difficult to justify or motivate yourself to dedicating half of your time awake to struggling to make that money . 
  the only real reason a person in my situation and with my interests would do so is that they want that feeling of `` having earnt it '' . 
  i 've never felt that feeling , even when i did work . 
  i was just constantly frustrated by not having enough time to do anything . 
  even now with the full 16 hours a day after sleeping i feel like there 's not enough time in a day to do everything i want . 
  when people think of neets they often think of their lives as just `` surviving '' . 
  that 's how i felt working . 
  what 's the point of living if your days are spent just trying to get by to another day of just trying to get by ? 
  the truth is though that this not a very long sighted plan and the economy is not looking too good over here which is never good news for people living of government aid . 
  i just do n't really think about it . 
  when there 's no future plans to get excited about you do n't really stress about the worst case scenario either if that makes any sense . 
  i do n't think i ever argued against any of that . 
  i am lazy . 
  i do realize a society could n't function if everyone was like me . 
  i 'm not wondering why someone would call me lazy , seems perfectly reasonable . 
  sure , why ? 
  not really . 
  off the government/faceless people i 've never met not the slightest . 
  off my parents a tiny bit . 
  not enough not to accept it though . 
  actually even that might be more `` awkward '' than shameful though . 
  i do n't blame you for judging . 
  i take more than i give back and do n't even feel bad about it . 
  it 's not exactly a situation where you can get offended if people judge you . 
  too bad i already paniced and uninstalled the game . 
  well it seems like i 'll have plenty of time to redownload it before they get their shit fixed . 
  i traveled a lot when i was younger . 
  basically a new country every year , sometimes two . 
  i even studied abroad for a while . 
  but that was back when i was young and naive ( and social ) and full of excitement instead of a cynical ( unsocial ) prick . 
  i did n't suddenly give up traveling , it just gradually lost its appeal . 
  a lot of the things like gardening and woodworking are kind of tough because i live in the city . 
  art and writing are not bad suggestions for a hobby but i have a bad habit of starting stuff and never finishing it . 
  even when it 's simply for my own enjoyment . 
  the only things i ever seem to finish are video games . 
  now that 's a rare and useful talent . 
  but i get your point and i 'm not here to argue against every single example you could come up with . 
  creating something even as a hobby would probably be benefitial for my mental health . 
  it 's just that you 're listing advice for somebody who 's wanting to change but does n't know how where as that 's not really my problem . 
  i 'm content just passing time . 
  i do n't read self-help books but is n't that pretty much always the first thing they teach you ? 
  that you got ta want it yourself before anything else . 
  actually on that phone there was a separate physical button for opening excel . 
  source : dad had that phone , used to play with it . 
  actually it was very succesful at least here in finland . 
  the first ( and last depending on how fond you are of touch screens ) phones that you could actually write full emails with . 
  it was very popular as a company phone for business people . 
  both my parents had communicators when i was a kid as did many of my friends ' parents . 
  e. forgot to mention the first one came out in 1996 so it was conveniently right when companies started changing from paper to digital communications . 
  in 2001 they released the first full-color one with a 640 \u00d7 200 lcd . 
  that was no joke back then if you consider that the first iphone came out 6 years later in 2007 and had a resolution of 480 \u00d7 320 px . 
  the communicator was really the first smartphone . 
  yeah i do n't but i 'm also in denial that it would n't get any better no matter what i do haha, 
  yeah it was aimed at business people doing business things . 
  they were really the first smartphones half a decade before any real competition ( unless you count pdas ) . 
   i know work seems tedious and a waste of time , but that 's probably because you just have n't found something that you enjoy and makes you some money . 
  oh that is definitely true . 
  my parents both work in jobs that they love and it seems really quite wonderful . 
  doing something you enjoy and getting paid for it . 
  they 're the kind of people that would probably keep going to their old job even if they won the lottery . 
  now if only i could even imagine a job that i 'd enjoy doing so i could start researching what kind of education would be useful on that field . 
  that 's pretty much what i 've spent my evenings thinking about before falling asleep since i was 17 and about to graduate high school . 
  sadly as the years go by it seems more and more pointless and i 've just begun to accept that it 's either some shitty compromise job in the absence or anything better or * this * . 
  so far i 've chosen this . 
  wow i 've never seen that . 
  that 's pretty cool .
