  a csi episode ? 
  something i 've seen but i ca n't remember what . 
  i 'm not american . 
  i live in europe and have universal healthcare . 
  american health insurances are n't * that * expensive . 
  in fact , they cost about the same as mine does because i prefer private doctors . 
  only difference is i have to pay for universal healthcare as well . 
  not really a complaint since i do believe a civilized nation should have universal healthcare . 
  but this is pretty off-topic . 
  the original point was that everything from housing to electronics or cars is much cheaper in the us . 
  almost any product costs the same amount of dollars as it does euros or pounds over here . 
  often times even less . 
  i 'm not colourblind and i think it looks grey instead of green . 
  fov viewmodel, 
   when you 're living and earning in that place it balances out, 
  that 's why i said $ 70k is n't the same as # 42k . 
  it might be the exhange rate but $ 70k has more [ purchasing power ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purchasing_power ) . 
  what ? 
  i 've never seen any pro-brony comments on r/cringepics and i visit that sub quite often . 
  the only common brony related comment i can think of is `` bronies are too easy '' . 
  but that 's kind of the message of the book . 
   oh , we 've clearly established a strong motivation to do this quest to protect our homeland , and ... oh whoops , looks like our homeland got trashed anyway . 
  often times no matter how brave you are and despite going great lenghts bad shit just happens . 
  i do n't know about `` whole point '' but it was pretty central to the plot in two ways . 
  firstly all that stuff about war coming home to you and that some evil powers are so mighty it does n't matter if you do whatever possible to stop them . 
  secondly due to the skills the hobbits had learned on their quest they were able to lead a resistance that eventually won them the shire back meaning character development . 
  i do understand why it was n't in the movie since movie plots need to be more focused and simple than book plots , but it was a pretty important thing in the book . 
  people turning against their own countrymen for the promise of money and power after the revolution is a pretty common occurance in human history . 
  there 's a brony picture on the front page of the sub right now and i ca n't find a single comment defending bronies . 
  but i did find `` bronies are so easy to mine for cringepics karma that it 's almost cheating at this point . 
  as a fan you want the opportunity to speculate if he 's going to be out for long . 
  oh yeah that 's what it was . 
  shit movie btw . 
  a firetruck does n't need to park . 
  it could fit on that street just fine . 
  but my phone gets 40mbps even without wifi #finlandproblems, 
  yeah but the job of police cars in a fire is to control the traffic/curious people . 
  they do n't actually drive right next to it . 
  uk is the us of europe when it comes to internet speeds . 
  i 've heard you even have such things as `` data caps '' . 
  meanwhile only a few hundred kms away i pay 9.90 $ for 100/20 mbps internet and 12.99 $ for 40mbps mobile connection ( no data caps , we have no isps that offer such services as data caps . 
  and i do n't even have fibre like my parents do . 
  killing apps from the app choice screen is pretty nice, 
  no one mentioned parise ? 
  i think he 's a possibility . 
  not `` the best shot '' but i definitely would n't be surprised . 
  if he gets a stanley cup i 'd consider him a pretty sure hall of famer because he 's already the perfect hockey player . 
  plays two ways , scores like the best , strips pucks like the best and works his ass off like no one i 've ever seen . 
  not to mention acting like a leader on and off the ice . 
  he already has wjc gold and u18 gold . 
  probably not going to get olympic gold ever because usa but he 's going to be in the team for the rest of his career . 
  that stanley cup decides everything . 
  78 % with no bilingual education . 
  just lots of tv and internet . 
  finland btw . 
  one fake word : bleakcurgling :d from now on i 'll make it my mission to introduce bleakcurgling to the dictionary . 
   when you 're really high in public you get socially anxious, 
  eyedrops were the magic cure for me . 
  it 's not even about people seeing your red eyes , it 's about you thinking they 're looking at them . 
  when you know your eyes are completely normal you do n't worry about eye contact etc. 
  and seem ten times more sober instantly . 
  also drinking alcohol . 
  if you say stupid shit with a beer in your hand nobody thinks twice about it . 
  they do n't stop to ask `` wait a minute , is n't that your first beer ? '', 
  why would you care if other people `` steal '' what you like . 
  i 'm finnish , if you want to go to sauna and swim in a frozen lake under ice i do n't give a fuck . 
  if anything i 'm glad you 've found the beloved past time of my people . 
  i thought it was opened containers only . 
  i 'm not american though so i base my knowledge on movies and cops episodes . 
  i did n't count every bottle but by the power of multiplying i deducted there 's about 300-320 beers on the left . 
  240 on the right if i guessed correctly on the further away ones . 
  even if you drank 20 beers a day every day it 'd be enough for a month . 
  tell me one accent that does n't get ridiculed from time to time . 
  it 's nothing personal . 
  indian accent just happends to sound funny . 
  as does the german accent , or the japanese accent , or the french accent . 
  people do n't think of germans or japanese as dumb or goofy . 
   you ca n't steal yoga from indians , market it as `` wow , so exotic from the east '' , completely change it , and make up fake cultural traditions and meanings, 
  apparently you can . 
  well there are 17 `` vertical '' rows and 17-19 `` horizontal '' rows depending where you look . 
  and i think i actually missed that one bud light case closer to the bottles . 
  but around 550 yeah . 
   you ca n't steal yoga from indians , market it as `` wow , so exotic from the east '' , completely change it , and make up fake cultural traditions and meanings while indian people are still treated like shit for the way they talk or dress or being `` fobby '' . 
  apparently you can . 
  better now ? 
  well would n't a person be a disrespectful asshole for treating indians like shit in itself ? 
  i do n't see what practicing yoga has to do with it . 
  beer does n't go bad . 
  it just tastes kinda funny after a while . 
  that 's the point, 
  but how else could you know a person is being sarcastic without them explicitly telling you about it ? 
  for the longest time i was wondering what the stamina bar has to do with bread, 
  not really a discovery . 
  i learnt this from this very same sub back in wol . 
  you can see a [ cross section ] ( http://fromfinland.fi/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/250x/6680f4741b5251d355c30c5d72726429/f/a/fazermakeiset_askit_marianneraepastilli_50g_650x650_300313.jpg ) in this old packaging, 
  it 's not that long . 
  marianne is the name . 
  suklaarakeita means `` chocolate balls '' ( or literally chocolate hail ) and chokladdrageer is the same in swedish as finland is a bilingual country . 
  you 've were browsing some other subreddit by accident probably . 
  none of that is the reason toss is op .
