  not that either action is in any way justifiable but i wonder if they 'll take that into account in sentencing and i personally find it a very important detail . 
  e . it appears it did n't actually go in so to be honest i hope he 's not getting like several years in jail . 
  that would probably only make things worse for him and the people around him . 
  it 's because most other subjects have an appropriate socially accepted level of political correctness that reddit can just ignore and make terrible jokes regardless about but when it comes to jail rape it 's often viewed as a pc thing to joke about when it absolutely should n't and the only thing reddit enjoys more than contradicting social norms is being ahead of the curve when it comes to social norms . 
  i do n't think he should be getting decades either . 
  like the article clearly states they never actually penetrated the student unlike the title of this post implicates . 
  the steel bar was in the ass area but it never went in . 
  regardless that 's a very stupid thing to do and deserves to be punished by the law , but i do n't think it would be just nor beneficial for anyone to lock him up for a decade . 
  `` assault with a deadly weapon and false imprisonment with violence '' still sound pretty hardcore charges and in line with what he did . 
  and his point was that he has n't seen an ad on youtube in such a long time he instantly knew it was n't real . 
  same for me . 
  i 've been using adblock long before youtube even had ads like that and very rarely see them on somebody else 's computer . 
  i slightly chuckled at the squatting in the video video but burst out laughing when i read the comment about the dick dip . 
  wait a minute though , is n't this supposed to be r/cringe ? 
  no , i knew because he posted so, 
   yes , i know it was intended to be somewhat humorous , but i have n't seen an ad on youtube for so long that i automatically knew it was in their video and i figured that anyone who would try to close a youtube ad has n't been using an adblocker . 
  trying to help people , fuck me right ? 
  that type of behaviour is very assburger in my eyes . 
  so who 's this ? 
  another player who 's never won anything and ca n't really play worth shit but he 's american so we forget all that and try to build hype around him ? 
  e. oh god even his liquipedia article is so full of cringe `` he is able to think on his feet more than others '' i just hope he did n't write it himself . 
  he 's your favorite terran ? 
  not mkp , not mvp , not mma , not polt , not bomber but qxc ? 
  that 's not what happened . 
  at first i thought that 's what happened as well and was outraged by the call but i watched the penalty like 10 more times in slow-mo afterwards . 
  it was not the bottom hand like the announcers said . 
  it was the hand higher up in the stick . 
  and he definitely hit it off the air , while it was falling down . 
  that 's what i thought too at first . 
  i thought the puck bounced off from the bottom hand like the announcers said and was outraged by the bullshit call . 
  then i watched the replay like 10 times and saw what actually happened . 
  he hit the puck in mid-air with his `` upper '' hand . 
  it was probably even more visible from the ref 's angle but i made a gif where you can see it : http://i.minus.com/i8ii1uetiglzj.gif, 
  i agree it 's still not the easiest of calls but if you go by the same definition they use when ruling whether a puck was punched in the net or bounced off a glove that 's definitely a punch . 
  next best thing , here 's a gif : http://i.minus.com/i8ii1uetiglzj.gif, 
  ok so it 's not falling down but it 's kinda suspended in mid-air . 
  definitely not a clear call but the ref probably had a little bit better angle and if you go by the same definition they use when ruling whether a puck was punched in the net or bounced off a glove i 'd say that 's definitely a punch . 
  are you sure we lived in the same country ? 
  yeah but the initial charges were `` attempted sexual assault with a foreign object '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not just attempted if it goes in . 
  what if he already was ? 
  they do n't suddenly disappear . 
  they call you up , try to get you to go out with them etc. 
  but trying to be sober in a crowd that 's not sucks so you wo n't go . 
  little by little they stop asking because you always refuse . 
  you ca n't blame it on them and say they were never your true friends . 
  why do you think they only like him because he does drugs ? 
  above op stated that he was the person who stopped hanging out with his previous friends because, 
   the whole `` i can still be around them and just do my own thing '' mentality might sound good to a freshly sober mind , but i quickly learned that it just was n't a good idea . 
  they still could 've been great friends . 
  you ca n't know . 
  and to pretend you do just because the case involves drugs is condesending . 
  yeah i 'm not a huge fan of the rule either . 
  i guess they wanted to avoid people falling on the puck and scraping it to their teammates . 
  i 'm not really sure , so far it seems like one of these trivial penalties that does n't actually make the game better in any way . 
  yeah well i 'm not from the us and my parents were relatively wealthy but videotaping your kids just never became a `` thing '', 
  i 've been on 4chan since ~ 04-05 so cool story bro, 
  never in my years of online gaming have i seen anyone make a big deal out of being male, 
  i upvoted , then remembered where i was and immediately downvoted . 
  i thought this was some sort of a shitty joke . 
  being posted on / r/cringe implies that the poster was being serious . 
  this is obviously a parody . 
  taking your frustration out on gaming peripherals . 
  violently smashing your keyboard/controller/mouse / whatever . 
  especially in a big tournament . 
  have you thought about being emotionally mature enough to manage your frustration without `` taking it out '' on anything violently . 
  how is this feature any more random than some other feature . 
  besides it 's totally possible to spot burrowed and cloaked units in wol as well , how is this any different ? 
  i do n't like the mines either but does n't most of starcraft rely on whether your not your opponent pays attention ? 
  be it scouting or the minimap or whatever . 
  i do n't think that 's the issue with this unit . 
  i thought this as well but often times when watching pros streaming ladder i 've noticed they do n't play on lowest . 
  the easiest way to tell is looking at the minerals . 
  you think the other 99 % of the pros do n't train hours upon hours ? 
  have you seen them smashing their keyboards at tournaments ? 
  you expect football fans to apply common sense and logic ? 
  every time i see a news article about people crushing to death i 'm baffled what happened to walkie-talkies and pa systems ? 
  there must 've been at least one security guard in front of those stands . 
  why did n't they just start pulling people away and announcing over the pa that people are crushing to death ? 
  that does n't sound like a difficult thing to come up with even in a moment of panic like this . 
  that sounds like an even bigger mistake . 
  this is what an average person smashing their keyboard looks like . 
  it 's extremely immature behaviour and people of this sub glamourizing it is ridiculous . 
  i did n't live in the us which was pretty clear in my first post, 
   video cameras were n't really a thing where i lived like it seems to have been in the us, 
  i 've seen enough afv to know american 's like to videotape everything . 
  germany you so silly, 
  i 'm not at home right now so i ca n't test it out and i 'm afraid i 'll forget otherwise so i 'll ask . 
  do you know if ctrl + idle worker hotkey selects them all ? 
  i have the idle worker button mapped to my mouse so i often use that . 
  finland, 
  why would you associate homosexuality with badness ? 
  are you a homophobe ? 
   tiny bit pissed, 
  it makes sense though that cracks on the surface would n't be as visible if there 's a layer of goo spread over it, 
  i think making the robot say `` woah '' before answering is the least difficult part in creating a robot that can recognize objects . 
  victoria is the only paradox game i 've owned but i loved it . 
  the weird thing about that game is that the biggest finnish gaming magazine pelit gave it a score of 92 or something and that was a big factor in my buying it . 
  i remember a finnish pc gaming tv show praising it as well . 
  later on i checked the wikipedia article and found it was crushed in international ( or american ? ),
