  what kind of dog is that ? 
  just a regular golden retriever ? 
  that would solve nothing . 
  to serve a purpose ( allow for killing off all the remaining tickets + team ) it would have to be ridiculously long which again would defeat the purpose . 
  like in arma br ? 
  you do realize those rounds take 30-45min after the zone starts constantly shrinking ? 
  lame , and would make the supposed to be thrilling and exciting battle for last life really underwhelming if you were just revealed on the map . 
  it would still take time but it would n't be fun for anyone . 
  i can think of ways like this , i can also think why they are bad ideas . 
  you seem unable to see downsides in an idea you 're caught up in . 
  i 'm not saying whether it 's right or not . 
  i 'm just saying they 've definitely considered the money angle . 
  i actually did n't realize antarctica was still that huge even without the map distortion because you never see maps centered around it and even on globes it 's half-hidden . 
  other than that i agree it 's all pretty basic knowledge . 
  came here to say this exact thing . 
  as a student i do n't have 100 usd to put into a poster ( might as well say i do n't have 100 usd period ) but this is a beautiful artwork based on my favourite game . 
  i hope it stays available for some time so i have a chance to get one at some point . 
  wow i did n't even realize . 
  i just checked his youtube page and the last daily posted was 3 months ago . 
  i guess i 've paid less and less interest too , around 3 years ago day9 was the first twitch channel i subscribed and i used to watch ** every ** daily , if not live then as vods . 
  the imgur addon for firefox & chrome allows you to screenshot a webpage and automatically upload it, 
  yeah but even that 's after the deagle buff a few months ago . 
  it used to be worse than glock/usp . 
  yeah that was even longer ago . 
  back right after release when nobody really took the game seriously and there was no real pro scene . 
  uncut boobs are usually mismatched . 
  it 's not like it 's even a big difference . 
  you probably would n't even notice it in real life . 
  settings : autobhop , 100-tick , 1000aa, 
  i 'm not familiar with cs : s but i do know quite a bit about 1.6 , what 's the point of an `` autobhop '' speedrun ? 
  sossupummi for life . 
  stop , keep your camera still and look for movement . 
  it 's pretty easy to stop people if you are n't running and looking in every direction . 
  of course you need to be running occasionally and looking in every direction can be helpful too so it 's just experience and the balance of the two , to know when to stop and pay attention . 
  just use a proper torrent site and none of the public shit and your problem 's already solved . 
  what if i sleep during the day because i stay up until 10am browsing dank maymays ? 
  oh yea me too , i use the window capture mode and that works just fine . 
  that was n't really an issue , i just thought it might be related to why steam wo n't allow to pin it . 
  i tried every other game and they all update to the taskbar immidiately after i click pin . 
  allow him to hit you *, 
  welcome to finland , yhe birthplace of saunas . 
  and no , it 's not sexual to have men and women naked in the same sauna . 
   if we had to stop everytime he entered the room no work would ever be done . 
  one difference is also that these seem to be recruits still learning the rules so they 're taught extra strict . 
  finland still has conscription and every 6 months tens of thousands of new recruits start their military training only to leave 6-12 months later . 
  it 's not like the us where the military consists mostly of people who are there for longer than half a year . 
  you 're talking about a country where `` an american tweeted about finland '' is front page news . 
  we love international attention and we will upvote every single post that even slighly has anything to do with finland . 
  do not underestimate us !, 
  it 's not about the money . 
  it 's having a socially acceptable reason to own a sword . 
  i mean you would n't want a guy who does n't even own a car to service yours , am i right ? 
  finland . 
  i clicked it and i 'm still not sure what 's going on . 
   they really are doing great work , on both fronts . 
  not really . 
  the whole dayz development is a farce . 
  just because they do great work with arma 3 does n't mean everything they do should go uncriticized . 
  yeah but a lot of people ( including myself ) are very sceptical if the game will ever reach a stage where bugs are fixed . 
  i personally did n't buy the game as i 'm not a fan of the whole `` early access '' phenomenon but the game seems to have barely evolved from where the mod was 2 years ago . 
  2015 not using a bidet, 
  i really do n't understand why anyone buys with the mouse . 
  it 's slower and much less reliable than keyboard . 
  and it 's not like there 's tons of keypresses to memorize . 
  armor , 2 pistols , 2 rifles and grenades . 
   this game has maybe 6 buildings in all . 
  these are the kind of things where a 10 person development team has to make some sacrifices . 
  but i feel like that 's exactly why they focused so much on the mod support . 
  i already have about a 100 buildings downloaded from the workshop and they instantly made the cities look more alive with added variety . 
  it 's real simple too , you just one-click `` subscribe '' from steam page , the game autodownloads it and automatically adds them as part of the green , blue or yellow zones . 
  you do n't have to individually pick the new buildings nor do they replace anything , they just add variety . 
  i ca n't wait what the workshop will be like a month from now . 
   they 're in on dayz for the long haul . 
  that 's pretty much the argument right there . 
  i wish i was as optimistic and convinced as you seem to be . 
  12 year olds are the only ones stupid enough not to know how to block youtube/twitch ads , and ads are how they make money . 
  hardly a new concept, 
  the description says it was adopted by someone who wanted to own a cow . 
  not a farm or anything . 
  of course this would not be a wise investment if you just wanted to maximize profits of your farm . 
   doing laundry is something you grow up with . 
  probably a cultural difference . 
  i 've never heard of anyone doing laundry while living at their parents and it 's completely normal to learn this stuff at ~ 18-22 when moving out . 
  that looks amazing . 
  i 've never made dumplings or pierogi before but you 've just inspired me to try . 
  but are they more effective ? 
   this hero is and meant to be a situational pick, 
  yeah i actually happened to pick this hero yesterday for the first time . 
  the enemy was running lego as their main carry and i was left to pick a support and thought `` i wonder if ww would be great against lego '' . 
  it was . 
  i think he got like 3 duel victories the entire game , the ones where i couldnt be around to help . 
  the team also lacked anti-push so freezing a creep was very effective . 
  i wish i could use firefox but the chrome flash is just so much better than the pile of shit adobe 's ( especially windows ) flash is . 
  chrome is a very good browser and i do n't hate using it , but with the correct add-ons firefox can be even better . 
  if only it did n't use adobe 's flash . 
  so is the `` hand moving '' like a crucial part of this trick ? 
  i thought he was just doing it for a random reason in op 's post but if both of these guys do it it ca n't be a coincidence . 
  what does it achieve ? 
  i do n't know which i laughed at more . 
  that or,
