  a black guy types words like `` wit '' or `` sum '' and it 's a dialect . 
  get the fuck out . 
  i do n't know if this has anything to do with not being american but . . what the fuck is `` pizza sauce '' ? 
  so basic tomato sauce . 
  that 's kinda anticlimactic , i was expecting something you dipped pizza in . 
  fucking dragonite dad . 
  breaks my heart . 
  soo . . tip # 1 be attractive ? 
  i totally had a `` oh shit , i feel weird now '' moment about 5-10 minutes into my first time . 
  i looked over at my buddy who was munching down popcorn and laughing his ass off at the movie and realized it 's all okay and that i should just go with it and ever since then i 've enjoyed being high . 
  well she has posted on / r/trees a month ago before so we know `` first time '' did n't refer to smoking ... 
  my language ? 
  you mean finnish ? 
  or my second language swedish ? 
  rmah is n't up . 
  and you can buy or just download a 100 % completed game save for almost any game online . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i 'm not going to buy a single item , i do n't see rmah affecting my life except maybe when pvp is up but that has n't happened either . 
  well so is n't every typo on reddit a dialect and a legitimate form of communication then also ? 
  how is `` wit '' different from `` your '' ? 
  it is n't , you 're just feeling white guilt . 
  actually marinara sauce is another american word . 
  i know the sauce is from italy and it 's eaten world wide but i 've only heard it referred to as marinara sauce in the u.s , just like neapolitan . 
  maybe you should 've gotten a better job instead of waiting tables or retail . 
  meh , seems to work fine for me . 
  and i do n't have to pay attention to things like `` closing time '' . 
  well [ this screenshot ] ( http://i10.aijaa.com/b/00492/10341557.jpg ) was posted over 2 days ago on a finnish website ( kes\u00e4kuu = june ) . 
  it wo n't prove the duplication works but it proves you can roll back the cancel time counter . 
  i 'm not losing my shit over anything . 
  i just find it amusing that usually the tiniest little error or typo is blown out of proportion on this site and it 's always the top comment . 
  but this time it was a dialect . 
  oh and i 'm glad to say i 'm racist by today 's definition of racist . 
  not the one you 'd find in a dictionary but the one newspapers and politicians seem to use . 
  and teenage girls . 
  truth hurts, 
  yeah . 
  that 's one of the great perks of not working in the service industry . 
  actualy there were some missions which you automatically failed if sighted iirc . 
  at least the one where you started at a loading bay or something and had to sneak in . 
  anyway i agree that `` you were seen - game over '' is the most annoying thing . 
  i like it when they just send huge amounts of guards but there is a chance of survival . 
  the problem in conviction was you were n't really afraid of the guards like you were in say sc 1,2,3 . 
  and i played conviction on hard difficulty . 
  getting into a firefight was n't something you wanted to avoid at all costs , a lot of times it was actually a quicker and simpler option than stealth , which it should n't be . 
  no i have not and i think that 's something to be a little proud of , is n't it ? 
  haha i 'm all for the underdog at this point of the season but next fall we 're back to being rivals so no way :p, 
  i understand trying to discourage death zerging but i 'm currently in inf a1 and i spend easily thousands of dollars a day on repairs even if i do n't die a single time . 
  if they 're going to bump the cost of repairs they should also make the items withstand more non-dying combat . 
  monk, 
  i did repair everything before starting . 
  my dps is ~ 15k , 580 allres , ~ 6000 armor . 
  some of us know other languages as well, 
  best video i 've seen on r/minecraft, 
  yes it hurts glass cannons the most but that was the entire point of the change was n't it ? 
  i do n't think it should also be as severe for melee characters . 
  it 's not like there was an issue of melee characters getting too much gold by playing levels they can handle . 
  no it does n't . 
  it hurts everyone who zergs about equally , it 's just a lot more common for ranged characters . 
  if you play without dying it actually hurts melee characters a whole lot more since they are taking damage pretty much every time they deal damage unlike ranged characters . 
  rarely university though , since ours are pretty good as well and most importantly absolutely free . 
  eu , why ? 
  in death it does n't matter how many points the item has because all lose 10 % but they lose points outside of dying as well and that 's not a percentage . 
  the repair cost is correlative to the item price , not how many points it has . 
  exactly . 
  it 's ok now but 6 times this much would be overkill . 
  the weapon or anything ? 
  you 'd think it 'd require you to get hit before armor loses durability , but this is pure speculation . 
  i actually thought this was on adviceanimals . 
  i knew something was off because it was funny . 
  i was about to downvote before i realized we 're talking about ios and not osx . 
  why are those the options ? 
  i do n't like either one . 
  remember when online multiplayers had cheat codes that unlocked weapons ? 
  no , i do not . 
  i actually just watched it for the first time yesterday . 
  great movie . 
  same except i do n't have disposable income and i have tons of time to farm, 
  wait is there an actual official channel for selling gold ? 
  eu rmah is not up yet so i ca n't really check . 
  well playing anything , was it diablo , football or chess would suck if the opponent got an upper hand because of something that had nothing to do with the game . 
  i have no problem with rmah as of now , but it 's really going to ruin pvp excitement . 
  it 's been like 2 weeks . 
  if you have a problem with not clearing inferno yet you 're clearly impatient . 
  there 's nothing wrong with the game . 
  it 's good that you ca n't beat it in a couple of days . 
  why would you sell gold on the gold ah ? 
  i 've noticed that if you click on your own gold in the sell tab it tells you gold is n't sellable or something along those lines . 
  this poster is on an army base . 
  where most are soldiers . 
  in 1947 that meant men . 
  those women are civilians . 
  i doubt somebody came to their homes to update a log of soldiers with diseases . 
  yeah but why `` colored one '' ? 
  should n't it be white one since 6 out of 7 were `` colored dollars '' ? 
  original ? 
  see the thing is men have always loved joking about women and how they complain etc. 
  people want to cash in on that karma but this is reddit so most people 's only female contant is their mother . 
  that 's my theory anyway . 
  i 'm just commenting so i remember to check up on this . 
  sorry if i got your hopes up .
