  and there was a number on the label to call in such cases . 
  you would n't have a problem if you actually did what you 're supposed to with a yellow light . 
  stop unless you 're close enough that it would be unsafe to do so . 
  nowhere is there a yellow light that 's visible for less than the time it takes to stop a car . 
  only people who struggle with yellow lights are the ones who think it means `` quick , it 's still green !, 
   we need the countdown lights . 
  we need drivers who actually stop at yellow lights like they 're supposed to . 
  yellow does n't mean `` you still have time if you drive fast enough '' . 
   people stop running red lights , even when they see them at the last second , and slam on the brakes , and the person, 
  you 're already in the wrong if this happens to you . 
  if you see a red on the last second it either means you saw a yellow and tried to beat it ( you 're supposed to stop on a yellow if possible ) or you were n't looking at the lights at all until you were too close to brake safely . 
  to be honest i 've never seen a `` bad ass high five '' . 
  i guess i 'm part of the fist bump generation . 
  there is n't another way . 
  there 's just people who have n't been taught properly . 
  it 's not like the business or the sellers went away . 
  they just switched addresses . 
  yes it does . 
  it means stop unless it 's too late to do so safely . 
  it 's a buffer between green and red so that you could n't * accidentally * run through a red light . 
  if it has time to go red before you 've crossed then you were n't close enough to continue through when it changed to yellow . 
  that 's the entire point why yellow lights exist . 
  to give you a buffer to react between green and red . 
  nah i think mailing it across the country would simply make any opened bottle of coke so stale testing after that would be kinda pointless . 
  even if it was flawed to begin with . 
  it means stop right now , unless it 's too late . 
  they would n't . 
  that 's the entire fucking point of the message you responded to . 
  they do n't really care if the product was faulty or not . 
  they just do n't want people ** who did n't purchase one in the first place ** to call them and ask for a replacement . 
  i did read the thread and it sounded like a bunch of people who got tickets rambling and blaming anything but themselves . 
  unless you have an actual source to this `` conspiracy of shorter yellows '' i 'm really not willing to believe it . 
   at that point if i had n't already had my come to jesus moment i would just say fuck this , hunger is tolerable, 
  you really think the reason fat people are fat is because they have n't realized something is wrong ? 
  i do n't see any sources like i asked for in your post so i just skimmed through it without reading . 
  they 're rather shit . 
  i 've bought two because they look nice and both broke within 3 months . 
  the old school controllers last me about 2 years . 
  i appreciate that the item choices you make etc. 
  are `` deep '' yet my experience after 5 + hours is that the gameplay is still the exact same thing with miniscule variations . 
  if you 're on a budget and want a game that has lots of `` content '' for 10 $ go for it . 
  if you 're not that desperate to only spend 10 $ i 'd recommend almost any other game . 
  how to tie shoe lases the more complicated way ? 
  that 's the way they taught me in kindergarten except the `` loops '' are just stretched by his fingers . 
  that 's the way little kids tie their shoes . 
  that 's not going to impress anyone . 
  not everything needs to be explained to the smallest detail so there 's no possibility of anyone misunderstanding it . 
  in fact most people find that often ruins the joke . 
  the worst thing about this sub is that it 's a fucking circlejerk . 
  a lot of people are being overly defensive because they have an inferiority complex to the larger manufacturers or something . 
  whenever there 's an update or a new app or anything the feedback is always `` oh it 's great it 's perfect it 's much better than the iphone/android variant '' and when i try it out that 's far from the truth . 
  nobody gives honest feedback because they 're too busy `` protecting the brand '' or some stupid shit like that . 
  before the 8.1 update was made public i made multiple threads about whether or not updating to the dev version could cause bugs or unreliability with software . 
  every single answer told me it would n't . 
  then i did some googling and searched this sub and found a bunch of downvoted posts about 8.1 causing freezing or failure to start with apps that used to run well on 8.0 . 
  apparently it was rather common . 
  i love my wp phone that i 've had for 2 years but this sub is totally unreliable . 
  i 'm still mad at naughty dog ( one of my all-time favourite developers ever since crash 1 ) and sony for promising this amazing kill-or-be-killed style survival action game with rivaling factions in a post-apocalypse world ... 
  and then ruining it with fucking zombies . 
  i bought it . 
  just to give it a shot . 
  it looked so great in the early e3 videos . 
  i did play the campaign for about 4 hours but i just ca n't enjoy it . 
  the zombies ruin the entire game for me . 
  the multiplayer is closer to my original expectations though , and it 's kinda fun at least for a while . 
  i would n't recommend it for full price but for $ 17 you ca n't lose too much even if you hate it . 
  i agree with you 100 %, 
  i was so hyped for this game . 
  i did n't own a ps3 and was considering getting one just for this game after seeing the e3 trailers . 
  i loved crash bandicoot and uncharted so i was sure the technical aspects would n't be an issue and the post-apocalyptic world with rivaling gangs looked super cool . 
  i do n't remember being as hyped for any game during the last generation . 
  and then the zombie announcement came . 
  fucking zombies ruining yet another game . 
  i was so pissed . 
  i did get the remastered edition partly because ps4 did n't have many games out yet but i just ca n't enjoy it . 
  i did play the campaign for about 4-5 hours ( bus battery quest ) but every time i try to continue playing i shut off the console or switch to a different game after about 5 minutes . 
  it just does n't interest me . 
  the zombies are fucking boring and the sneaking sections are tedious and repetetive without much challenge . 
  the parts where you fight real people are fun but there 's way too few of them and they 're broken up by fucking zombies . 
  finland *, 
  it 's weird because in older gta 's the police would just beat people up with a nightstick unless they pulled out a gun . 
  i do n't understand why they took that out in gta5 . 
  ruins a lot of the immersion imo . 
  it kinda sounds like you suck, 
  do you have the control widget thingy connected ? 
  is that full volume ? 
  i have n't had this issue . 
  i keep it at about 80 % volume from playstation and if it was any louder it 'd be obnoxious . 
  what ? 
  that 's like the only thing they taught us in kindergarten . 
  we had those little `` fake shoes '' and we all practiced until we got them tied and then they were put up on the wall to show we were all able to do so . 
  it was n't a school specialty or anything , it 's part of the curriculum over here . 
   an average person thinks they are smarter than the average person . 
  to be fair we 're talking about knowledge in a special field so that could totally be true . 
  an average person thinks they are smarter than the average person when it comes to subjects they 're interested in . 
  like when you read a comment thread about fiscal policies it 's possible the average person in that thread knows more about the subject than the average person overall . 
  those people who do n't care at all probably would n't be in the comment thread to begin with . 
  because he 's been on liveleak before . 
  90 % of these videos are sadly from brazil . 
  swatting the hand was really the biggest risk imo .
