  the game looks terrible ( content and gameplay wise on top of the downgraded graphics ) and nothing like the trailers . 
   it rather shocks me , to be honest , that there are n't more improvised weapons that do n't involve killing the operator in the region . 
  real reason ? 
  they have a lot more people than they do resources or knowledge . 
  why waste time trying to rig up complicated automated or remotely controlled mechanisms when you have people lining up volunteering to do the job ? 
  they recruit new people faster than they can blow themselves up . 
  and the ones committing the attacks rarely are experienced members . 
  it was n't `` empty an entire magazine into the body of a hooded street thug to kill him '' bullet spongey . 
  did n't bulldong suggest it himself ( as a joke ) and then someone just decided to pay the 500 which he never expected ? 
  not too cunty if you ask me tbh, 
  looks like rural sweden . 
  the guy probably would n't even be phased . 
  it 's a pretty normal thing to do coming out of a sauna . 
  maybe not on the road but op is not the first one to make a bet about it . 
  i 've done it once and remember other people doing it, 
  nippon, 
  poland = pole, 
  japan = jap oh my god how can you be so racist, 
  it is but the loud volume is n't ( or is it ? ), 
  i remember when this was first posted to liveleak . 
  someone had google maps showing that 's an exit and the road is one way . 
  as in there was a time when that would n't have been obnoxious ? 
  yeah but he was clearly determined unfit for duty by a doctor and plenty of injured police and soldiers work out . 
  being able to lift weights doesnt mean you can necessarily work in a physically demanding job . 
  one extreme to another . 
  body wants to cool down after sitting in a sauna so it feels especially good, 
  did you know that north korea is the current champion of iihf world championship division 3 ? 
  til something as trivial as dui can stop you from entering canada, 
  i did n't mean to imply the act of drunk driving is trivial , i 've never done it myself . 
  it 's just not something i 'd even think about if planning a trip some place . 
  does it matter whether you 're the one driving ? 
  people own more than one pair of pants ? 
  i do n't know whether he has aspergers or not but higher iq does n't mean he 'd be good at following convoluted stories without getting confused . 
   comments in here are talking about how `` argentines do n't have the best english '' based on the level of english their footballers have . 
  i do n't think anyone implied argentina is the only country with this problem but it is a latin country thing . 
  finnish or swedish hockey players for example do n't struggle with english even before going to nhl despite being devoted to their sports at a young age . 
  just recently a 17 year old player included a translator in an interview despite answering half the questions himself and was universally ridiculed for not being able to speak english because it 's not something that ever happens . 
  the way i see it the goal gets the award and the scorer is just the man who gets credited with it because someone has to . 
  just like in any game the goal scorer gets the point even if the play that made the goal was by someone else . 
  every goal is a goal for the team . 
  cellphone pics of firing a gun are what make up half the `` easily recreated '' content on this sub . 
  is n't it a betterttv emote ? 
  they 're called cool ranch in finland because they do n't actually make them here but all the supermarkets have an `` america aisle '' with imported overpriced candy . 
  sometimes you see cool american or cool original because they pretty much take whatever they can . 
  same with rare sodas etc. 
  you have to read the small print to see where it was made . 
  can make the difference between cherry coke with corn starch or sugar for example . 
  yay !, 
  it 's common knowledge that they did film a fake moon landing as a back up if the broadcast module or anything else vital broke on the way to the moon . 
  whether that 's the one shown on tv is up to debate but there 's no point in denying it exists . 
  yeah the one in op 's pic looks like absolute shit . 
  not exactly the picture i 'd use to advertise them as good material . 
  i think it means `` do n't try to find me in real life '', 
  oh yeah i 'm sure it was all just a misunderstanding . 
  well he must be new here then, 
  i do n't know if it has to do with abs but some newer cars do flash their brake lights like that if the car is `` emergency braking '' . 
  the idea is probably to avoid pile ups . 
  what is `` shock '' ? 
  the scoring and the court make sense but having rules about inhaling and exhaling makes it sound like calvinball . 
  i 'm not a trained soldier either but i would n't stand out in the open firing a machine gun seemingly randomly without any specific targets . 
  iirc in suicide grip the angle your hand is more of a straight continuation of the arm and allows for force to be transferred with less loss leading to slightly better results . 
  i 've only tested it with light weights myself and can say it feels different . 
  i would never do it with regular reps though , just not worth it . 
  how is someone driving over 4 people while drunk an `` accident '' ? 
  did he accidentally steal the beer ? 
  did he accidentally consume it ? 
  did he accidentally get in the vehicle ? 
  did he accidentally start it up knowing he was intoxicated ? 
  that 's not an accident . 
  it 's like pointing the gun at someone , pulling the trigger and then calling it an accident that the bullet hit them . 
  the guy is creepy as fuck but if you bring your computer to lecture you should be prepared for someone to stare at your screen . 
  ballsy enough to show up late to class or ballsy enough to check facebook during lecture ? 
  neither of those things require a huge amount of `` balls '' . 
  sounds like the college-aged bartenders and volunteers also slept with him does it not ? 
  what 's the problem ? 
  joke 's on you the video looks just fine two rows down . 
  yeah i used to play at 2560x1440p on a 27 '' screen and the console looked nothing like that . 
  it used to be just two with iw and treyarch releasing games in turns but since iw broke up and sledgehammer had to make mw3 ( which was still marketed as being made by iw ) and it turned out decent they got a permanent spot on the now tri-yearly roster with treyarch and the rebuilt `` iw '' . 
  how did you get out without the ladders ? 
  everyone who visits it knows it 's a shithole . 
  that 's why they go there . 
  because it does n't pretend to be anything else . 
  it 's one of the few remaining places on the internet where you can have an honest conversation and common sense is n't totally lost . 
  4chan does more `` investigative reporting '' and oc fact checking in a week than reddit does in a year . 
  different strokes . 
  i 'll probably never even start up the campaign and wish they put as little resources as possible towards developing it . 
  how the fuck is that irrelevant ? 
  it 's a huge difference . 
  it 's only concerns what government buildings like schools serve in their lunch menus . 
  who else if not the government to make that call ? 
  r/worldnews has never been about news that impact the entire world . 
  it 's for news from around the world . 
  stories affecting single countries or cities have always been common . 
   for no practical reason, 
  i can easily imagine a school somewhere in denmark giving in to pressure and stop serving traditional pork dishes because of vocal muslim parents . 
  this prevents that . 
  it protects danish food culture and traditions across the country . 
  more importantly it takes pressure off the principals/school staff by making it a government issue . 
  i see plenty of practical reasoning . 
  not my problem,
