  translated to finnish but there are always softwares and webpages that i have to use in english so i 'd rather just use english all the time and not jump back and forth between the two . 
  besides using english versions helps out a lot if you 're having an issue and need to google something . 
  the left click slash does a bit more dmg ( though it 's balanced by there being no knife headshots ) but the right click does exactly the same dmg . 
  65 to unarmoured , 55 to armoured and 100 to the back . 
  i use greasemonkey but at least when i last googled i could n't find any userscripts for this purpose . 
  well a lot of westeners wear suits every day, 
  yeah especially the `` beta '' features they sometimes test on random people . 
  you never get any of those if you 're using a translated version . 
  true , but it 's just one more reason, 
  i did try to fuck around with inspect element but there was no obvious `` translator.js '' or similiar and i did n't want to mess with stuff i do n't know . 
  nice to see someone else still plays this game . 
  me and my friends always bust it out when we 've had a few beers . 
  polish are not a race . 
  the comments were still towards the current condition of polish infrastructure and financial situation , not the people of poland or their racial tendencies . 
  i can say honrudas has the biggest murder rate in the world . 
  does n't mean i think all honduran ( ? ), 
  people are murderers or that i think any less of them . 
  old rule banning all other file formats except for . gif, 
   p250s can do 99 at close range , but still takes two . 
  p250s max dmg to a helmet is 105, 
  i 've been hating the gun since it came out . 
  i never realized how people would see it as an ok addition to the game . 
  i hate playing against it , and i hate seeing it abused in pro matches . 
   but i ask you , how often does that actually happen, 
  pretty damn often . 
  any decent player knows their gun and if you 're going to eco p250 you 'll be looking for engagements in that extremely close range . 
  that 's because people are uneducated and stupid . 
  especially in masses . 
  i 'm not saying that guy is stupid . 
  i 'm saying most people who oppose nuclear power are . 
  nuclear power is n't perfect , but it 's much better than burning a bunch of coal or oil . 
  i 'm all for solar , water and wind power but at the moment we do n't have the technology to fully rely on them . 
  i called people who care about the environment yet oppose nuclear power `` stupid and uneducated '' because it 's much easier to be afraid of a nuclear disaster like chernobyl than understand the piling effects of burning fossil fuels . 
  in reality such an event would be extremely unlikely , it 's like not leaving your house because you 're afraid of a meteor landing on your head . 
  meanwhile the enviromental effects of fossil fuel are inevitable as long as we keep using them . 
  while they might mean well , these `` enviromentalists '' who oppose nuclear power are only hurting the environment . 
  bedrock, 
  so if it 's not about safety what is it about then ? 
   nor is any environmentalist i have ever spoken to worried about meltdowns and such . 
  when i was younger my teacher was one of these environmentalists , he was also up for election to the `` local government '' as part of the green league etc. 
  he dragged us to every environmentalist gathering and protest ( probably totally not legal btw ) he could find as `` field trips '' . 
  90 % of the people that spoke to us there were idiots trying to brainwash us with images of nuclear holocaust . 
  lol americans always making an unncessary big deal out of alcohol . 
  as long as it is n't consumed while working , why would it make any difference ? 
   hiding vodka in a water bottle could get a person fired easily . 
  well , no . 
  no shit nobody actually got drunk . 
  it 's ** a joke ** , something us non-autistic people tell each other to amuse ourselves and our company . 
  maybe the drunk part was a joke since the guy took a sip of what he expected to be water and it turned out to be vodka . 
  lel butthurt, 
  if vote counts are the reason you 're on reddit i think you should re-evaluate your priorities . 
  i 'm not english but the thing that ruins club football for me is the lack of playoffs/finals . 
  i like championsip league and i absolutely love wc/ec , but regular club football is just anticlimactic . 
  well does n't he live in l.a or something similiar now ? 
  could just be natural tanning from leaving the house once in a while . 
  did n't look like spray tan at least . 
  if you take off your bra do they drop to waist-level ? 
  because old people can have huge tits . 
  some people actually enjoy spending time outdoors between leaving a building and entering another . 
  i thought rotti used to be a pretty avid football ( soccer ) player . 
  some tan more easily than others , i can get a tan like rotti has just by hanging out in a park drinking during the summer . 
  you do n't have to purposfully `` sunbathe '' to get a tan . 
  \\  implying playoffs are won or lost on a fluke, 
  how about a one-way glass ? 
  few weeks ? 
  cursive is practically all we did for the first 2 years of my grade school . 
  and then we got a new teacher on 3rd grade and i never used cursive for anything in my life ever again . 
   this guy is a nightmare to new guys !, 
  really ? 
  i thought carpa demon was the one that most people first get stuck at ( i know i did ) . 
  even the tutorial teaches you the plunging attack , that 's all you need for taurus demon . 
  my grandpa fought in ww2 and he 's still alive . 
  walks , eats etc. 
  without help too . 
  why would you post this with an english title when you need to puhua suomea ymm\u00e4rt\u00e4\u00e4kses vitsin ? 
  you 're complaining that the free dlc costs in-game dollars to buy ? 
  not really . 
  i have n't seen anyone on my friends list play gtav in about 6 months . 
  a shame too , we were really excited for heists . 
  true but i was thinking more on the lines of a very tinted glass on one side , not a mirror, 
   diet pills , marijuana , alcohol , and red bull, 
  if i were to pick one of those to blame in the headline of the article i would n't choose marijuana nor red bull . 
   i work in a prison and hispanic gangs are by far my favorite, 
  that 's . . good , i guess . 
   one talon goes under a fold in the shirt , while another is on top . 
  you can also see a reflection of the wing in his sunglasses . 
  so what you 're saying is whoever did this must 've spent more than 2 minutes in photoshop . 
  actually most finnish parents use the boxes even if they can afford a crib . 
  small babies do n't like the vast open space in a crib . 
  the box keeps them snuggled up and feeling safe . 
  source : slept in a box as a baby . 
  you do realize it 's possible to fold cardboard into a box without using any glue , right ? 
  well i meant it more as `` i 'm from this country and know many parents ( including my own ) whose babies sleep/slept in boxes '' but if you want to be a smart-ass go ahead . 
   the two optional lategame bosses , crossbreed & gwyndolin , are fairly well hidden , especially crossbreed . 
  nobody is going to find that without looking it up first . 
  i found the painted world playing entirely blind . 
  it was n't quick , but i found my way there eventually . 
  the game makes it totally clear that painting does * something * . 
  there 's an `` a - activate '' message that pops up even when you do n't have the doll . 
  i got further in the game and at some point decided to try the painting again , this time having visited asylum at some point .
