  while it may not sound pleasant it 's a fact that if the baby will only have one loving parent abortion is an option to be considered more than in cases where both people want it . 
  e. even if i considered this to `` pressure women into abortion '' i think that 's by far a lesser evil than forcing someone into parenthood . 
  that 's the bottom line . 
  the united states is pretty much the only civilized country where cops engage in high speed chases . 
  not only that but they 're turned into entertainment . 
  there are much more effective and more importantly safer methods of apprehending a fleeing suspect than chasing him . 
  chasing will only make him drive faster . 
  yeah that was my first thought . 
  no one who owns a 360 calls it the `` xbox 360 '' . 
  i just call it xbox or `` boksi '' which is a shitty translation into my native language . 
  no offense but finnish movies are almost always utter crap and having shots of winter forest narrows it down to the even shittier end . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with forest , but the only good finnish movies tend to take place in urban environments . 
  maybe he likes to browse reddit at work and does n't want to risk clicking a pic of a nug or a bong, 
   once the baby is born it falls on the parents to support it, 
  i agree . 
  that 's why you need to act before it 's born even if it requires a tough choice . 
  and it ca n't be the best day ever if it was irresponsible and gives others a bad rap ? 
  most best days are like that . 
  why not , we have the technology . 
  name one . 
  and we 're talking about high speed chases . 
  wc3 was the first online rts i really got into . 
  god damn i love ( d ) that game , i remember waiting in front of the store for frozen throne at 7am, 
  they kept the original title in the finnish translation `` miehet jotka vihaavat naisia '' , 
  too bad they pussied out on the english version, 
  now i 'm no expert historian but my understanding is that in many ancient cultures ( rome , greece , even japan ) gay was n't seen as something you were rather than something you did . 
  meaning you could engage in an act of homosexuality yet not be considered a homosexual as a person . 
  something something something catholic chruch, 
  yeah well luckily scratching is the least of my interests, 
  finland has the exact same saying `` ei kerta homoksi tee '' . 
  i swear to god there is a subreddit for pics found on imgur by typing 5 random letters . 
  ca n't remember the name though , it 's possible it was just a very large thread . 
  yeah that does look delicious with an aftertaste of diabeetus but `` fruit '' ? 
  really america ? 
  are you seriously saying 4 was better than 5 ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  what sort of a faggot covers a steak in sauce ? 
  drop the `` faggot '' and this is a serious question , who puts shitty store bought sauce on quality meat ? 
  well the  's seem to imply that but at least to me `` order of goodness '' means best one first . 
  i personally think there are two kinds of f&f movies . 
  1 & 2 which were gas-sneaker-petrolhead-tuning movies and 4 & 5 which were action movies with cars . 
  3 was in between . 
  if you look at the dialog it 's obvious , in the first two they actually talk a lot about what they 're doing to the cars and it 's very specific . 
  in 4 & 5 it 's just fuck yeah explosions . 
  i enjoyed them all though . 
  yeah well next time you use a `` order of goodness '' it 'll probably save you from a lot of confusion if you do n't put the worst one first, 
  because i was doing math, 
  wood grills are the shit , especially for burgers, 
  pc is dead, 
  your country has an embarassing and tainted present and future, 
  haters made her drop out of school 4 days later so ... nope . 
  well that 's what i thought but based on the title i was looking for some sort of `` not giving a fuck '' and that clothing on a man would be a pretty big fuck not given . 
  first cross dressing student or something , reddit eats all that shit up . 
  her facial structure is kinda masculine . 
  having seen all of louis c.ks material i can assure you it 's not the first option . 
  well i 'm glad to hear that everything worked out fine for her but i do n't think the haters really lost anything as they were already out of school by then, 
  i 'll take that bet, 
  haha that 's so funny because i took 3 courses of latin in high school and the only phrase i remember is cave canem . 
  no idea why . 
  you clearly do n't know how hatin works . 
  it 's not about principles or beliefs , you definitely do n't need to be a racist and a true hater does n't really give a shit what happens in the end as long as he gets the joy of hatin . 
  no i do n't . 
  i said haters made her drop out . 
  threatening someone in a way that her parents are forced to pull her out of school is the definition of making someone do something . 
  ok i 'll definitely check it out then . 
  would you say it 's easier or more difficult to get into than vdj pro7 ? 
  just asking because that 's pretty much the only program of this field that i have any experience with . 
  not in this world, 
  now this is a gif in need of keyboard cat if i ever saw one, 
  u mad, 
  i 'll just try the full program , 
  btw . 
  i 'm new to r/djs so is this downvote spam normal ? 
  i understand people downvoting this thread but every single comment in here has downvotes as well , no matter what the content . 
  yeaaaah , no, 
  the reason for this is that even with the strategy card the game is still designed so that in the long run the house will win . 
  not trying to undermime you or anything , just pointing out for anyone potentially overexcited that this is not a sure thing to win millions, 
  i 'd rather have my penis surrounded by anus on all sides than rubbing against some other guys dick , thank you, 
  report them ? 
  what the fuck man , you must have some serious social issues if you take a `` fuck you '' message that seriously . 
  i hate typing with the controller so pretty much the only time i send messages it 's either `` fuck you '' to some dick doing the same glitch goal 10 times in a row or `` u mad '' to someone sending `` fuck you '' to me . 
  i 've never even contemplated reporting , and the thought of someone else reporting my `` fu '' messages cracks me up . 
  e. i occasionally do send `` gg '' messages in 1v1 games , forgot about those, 
  if you take a `` fuck you '' message that seriously maybe you should n't be on the internet . 
  report them . 
  lol . 
  you must be american . 
  i did n't like her tits or face that much but that butt while doggystyle is ridonkulous, 
  if your kids are old enough to turn on the xbox they know the word fuck . 
  just fyi . 
  and i care because ? 
  there are tits , tits i have n't seen before . 
  yeah i use the dashboard stickies and just drag them into my main desktop . 
  i like those ones better . 
  there 's nothing sap about not declaring your love on your gf 's facebook wall . 
  tbh everytime i see one of my ( american . 
  not being racist but it 's always americans ) friends posting something like `` love you so muchhh '' it brings to mind being 13 on the internet and myspace and irc-galleria . 
  nobody 's service will be denied for something like that . 
  they need something like dozens of messages threatening your life or calling you racist names . 
  and those people are douchebags .
