  different strokes , i fucking hate explaining anything on the phone or getting helped through a phone . 
  if it 's a computer problem for example i can usually compress the required info to a few sentences without sitting there for 15 minutes going `` no do n't double click , go to settings , go to display , ok go back , what does it say ? 
  go back to settings ... '', 
  people act like helpless idiots when they 're getting help on the phone . 
  give them the required steps as a text message and even the less tech savvy seem to figure stuff out . 
  vice versa if i 'm getting helped through a phone i feel like i 'm wasting that guy 's time . 
  when you 're talking on the phone you have to wait for the helped person to complete the last task before giving him the next task . 
  with a text message you can give complete instructions at once and let him pace himself out . 
  that 's probably the dumbest logic i 've ever heard , unless you only plan on playing one of the games . 
  op has clearly decided to play both so of course he should play the worse one first , since like you said it has that unique feeling . 
  that unique feeling is enough to carry him through fo3 . 
  the improvements made to fo : nv are enough on themselves , it does n't need a `` wow factor '' to keep you interested in the game . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  i heard they blocked out games in the states but i did n't know it happened in europe too . 
  a finnish cable channel shows all the nhl games and i 've never had a blacked out game so i thought it did n't apply overseas . 
  actually i was just watching the re-rendered old shows last night . 
  but it 's a localized version since going to the us site redirects you there . 
  the eu ones did n't have any hulu logos and i did n't see a single ad ( with adblock disabled ) while watching ~ 5 episodes . 
  so i guess it 's a u.s thing . 
  calling you a little racist is n't the same as calling you not funny . 
  yeah well i do n't really give a shit about that , i still did n't call you not funny, 
  came for the chainsaw beheading video , left disappointed . 
  haha i do n't really even care about that video or look for it , it was a joke . 
  in reality though i 've seen so many beheading videos and baby fucking videos and everything else nice the internet has to offer i doubt this one would have much of an impact . 
  we used to browse rotten.com and the like in our elementary school computer class all day because internet filters were n't invented yet . 
  only 90s kids etc. 
  e. btw i watched it , that 's a really old video and it 's not even a video but a gif . 
  the sounds are the worst part . 
  would rate 3/10 on the emotional scarring scale . 
  well you see in the eyes of the law a 17 year old taking a nude selfie and a guy fucking a 3 month old baby are the same thing . 
  under 18 is under 18 . 
  so if you want to see 16-17yo nude selfies ( which is pretty natural for a 16-17 year old male ) you have to go to sites which also host baby fucking because it 's all or nothing . 
  and sometimes you keep clicking \\* next * in a gallery and bam dick in baby . 
  it 's not pleasant . 
  oh yeah i do n't mean that the punishment is the same , but it 's illegal to host either material on the internet . 
  so sites that care about obeying the law host neither , sites that do n't care about obeying the law do n't care . 
  i 'm not rationalizing anything but you amuse me . 
  in reality you know what normal 16 year old boys do when they want to see a naked girl ? 
  they look at 18 year old pornstars . 
  i actually even had a gf at 16 . 
  you can ask anyone in a relationship/marriage if that takes away their curiosity . 
  just because in your country the government decided to draw the line in the sand on 18 does n't make 18.1 perfectly acceptable and morally ok and 17.9 sick and disgusting . 
  it makes one legal and the other illegal but if you base your morals on the law i feel sorry for you . 
  if you really think so then i do n't think you understand what morals are . 
  what ? 
  i do n't even understand what you 're trying to say . 
  how do i have a bigger opportunity at stopping child molestation than anybody else , you included ? 
  these sites are n't some secret underground club i got a rare invitation to join , it takes 3 minutes in google for anybody to find . 
  contact the authorities ? 
  and tell them what ? 
  i was browsing some 16 yo nude selfies and came across this video of a baby being molested ? 
  seems like a genius idea . 
  especially considering the people creating and uploading ( rarely the same person ) this shit are n't stupid enough to do it from their home computers without any sort of protection . 
  the chances of them getting caught because of my report is 0.000000000001 % at best . 
  the chances of me being caught is 100 % . 
  if you want to find this shit ( whether it be to report it or for your own satisfaction ) you can find it in under 5 minutes with no prior knowledge of the subject . 
  why do n't you go out and do it ? 
  `` there 's no excuses '' means you think it 's unacceptable to do . 
  that means it goes against your morals . 
  you do n't have to use the world `` morals '' to talk about morals . 
  i do n't really understand what 's `` brave '' or `` hard '' about this . 
  80 's kids used to rent robocop on vhs because of the blood spatter . 
  when i was a kid internet was a new thing and of course the older kids would show us sites which were gross . 
  it 's what kids do . 
  yeah it was maybe a `` hard '' thing when i was 9 years old but i do n't see how admitting it 15 years later is `` hard '' or `` brave '' . 
  5/5 for originality of insults but not really the correct context . 
  i 've used xbmc for years but i did n't know that . 
  i 'll install it right now . 
  yeah i thought it was gon na be people or something when they reacted so strongly . 
  looked like grasshoppers . 
  i 've seen stranger shit eaten on travel shows and they 've described it like chips with less salt . 
  let 's see you fight a polar bear without any tools and tell me how it works out for you . 
  i agree with whoever above , the last scene was totally unnecessary . 
  they already did the bold non-hollywood ending by killing everyone off . 
  why try to half-assedly take it back with `` look !, 
  these two people did n't freeze to death immidiately ! '', 
  yeah in the outside shots you never saw the entire train ( clearly an artistical choice ) but even what you could see was about 50 cars at best . 
  they obviously did n't show everything . 
  you realize it was n't just an explosion , right ? 
  an avalanche hit the train and all but the first ~ 2 cars rolled down a mountain . 
  you do n't just survive that , especially when there is no hospital nearby ( anywhere ) . 
  i have n't in years . 
  i ca n't even tell the difference between a 16 year old and a 18 year old anymore . 
  like i said i was 14-17ish at the time myself . 
  you never did anything not completely wise at age 16 ? 
  nothing that was more exciting because it was n't allowed ? 
  but you do n't just forget a video or pictures of babies getting fucked even if it has been close to a decade . 
  i love competetive gaming . 
  i watch sc2 and cs all the time and have for many many years . 
  i 'm fortunate in that i actually got to watch some competetive cs ( 1.3 or 1.4 ) in the 90s on tv because our local cable channel showed it even with casters . 
  not many people can say they watched esports on tv in the 90s . 
  ** but ** it 's not a sport . 
  it should n't pretend to be a sport . 
  it should do it 's own thing and be proud of it . 
  this whole calling it a sport thing seems like trying to justify it by `` old world rules '' . 
  you do n't need to pretend it 's a sport to admit you enjoy watching it . 
  the law is actually at 18 when it comes to pictures etc. 
  it 's not the same as age of consent . 
  you can fuck someone 2 years before you can take a picture of them naked , or even receive a photo they took of themselves naked . 
  also from the very beginning i myself said it was illegal , so why the fuck would i try to make it sound like it was n't illegal later on ?
