  so marijuana is a gateway drug , but the way to stop that is not to ban marijuana , but not to treat every intoxicant other than alcohol as one homogenous heap of `` drugs '' . 
  it 's a win win situation . 
  well of course i back my statements in zero actual scientific data . 
  it 's simply via personal experiences and what i 've witnessed . 
  i 'd say i have in excess of 50 close-ish friends who i know regularly smoke weed and all of whom started with weed . 
  well to be honest every one of them started with alcohol but `` that does n't count '' . 
  i think around 95 % of us have tried other drugs as well . 
  nobody 's tried heroin or crack , but pretty much everything non-intravenous . 
  salvia , shrooms , mdma , lsd etc. 
  i can only speak for myself but i can honestly say i would 've never tried any of those had i not tried smoking weed . 
  that being said i do n't regret trying any of them , so it 's not like i 'm blaming weed . 
  well i do n't watch fox so i did n't even know that, 
  those are dollar cents . 
  in euro it 's 10 , 15 and 40 . 
  and we have around 98-99 % also . 
  in finland you can at least get 8-packs for 5 euros , but generally anything \u2264 1 $ is a great deal . 
  i remember in the us at least in '09 a can was 25c in a vending machine . 
  in finland we used to have sturdy reusable bottles , but around 2005 they changed them to new flimsy ones like you see abroad that are melted down each time . 
  also around '05 we got can technology probably equal to what you 're talking about and they lifted a very high tax on cans . 
  before that cans we 're ridiculously expensive and rare , now everything 's in a can . 
  this is what they actually look like . 
  \\  caring about gamerscore, 
  to feel sorrow over ; repent of ; regret bitterly : to rue the loss of opportunities . 
  to wish that ( something ) had never been done , taken place , etc. 
  : i rue the day he was born . 
  but why ? 
  baseball pitchers without helmets remind me of hockey players ( or even goalies ) without helmets less than half a century ago . 
  back then everyone thought helmets were ridiculous , now we could n't imagine the game without them . 
  i do n't mind . 
  i 'd rather see honda center get the money than consol energy center . 
  if you know 1-1000 would n't you also know up to 5000 ? 
  or theoretically up as high as you want to go ? 
  i know a few languages other than english and it 's `` pee '' in each one of them . 
  high level scientists rarely stay in one place their entire lives . 
  http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/pi check the pronounciations . 
  not only `` past few '' and not only america . 
  this is how politics works worldwide . 
  what 's wrong with snes ? 
  i 'm supposed to say `` super nintendo entertainment system '' each time ? 
  i do n't say national aeronautics and space administration either . 
  i think es en ee es sounds more weird but to each his own . 
  maybe you should work on your reading comprehension . 
  depends entirely on the country it 's sold in . 
  also if that 's us mountain dew it 's probably not sugar but high fructose corn syrup . 
  i have never seen anyone drink soda with dinner outside of a fast food place/restaurant . 
  then again i 'm not amerifat . 
  would n't growing up in an environment where soda is considered a normal beverage with dinner constitute a much worse childhood/life ? 
  do n't forget about the dihydrogen monoxide . 
  i also just bought absolution . 
  along with every other hitman game . 
  1 for pc was about 2 $ . 
  2,3,4 in the trilogy for 360 ~ 8 $ and absolution in some sorta special case with the separate sniper minigame under 20 $ . 
  all in all 30 $ for many hours of good hitman . 
  3 is the only one i 've already played from start to finish . 
  i do n't want to live in a world where this is mildly interesting . 
  i have n't done anything , i still drink aspartame coke . 
  1 and 2 have really aged . 
  do n't know about 3 but i guess it 's just as bad . 
  4 is probably fine . 
  i played them all except 4 when they were new and they were * okay * but the stealth genre has really improved since mgs ( or 2 ) came out . 
  some gameplay elements were done better even at the time by other games like thief . 
  they 're a bit stiff but if you 're into the story i guess they are n't impossible to play . 
  i personally never cared for the over the top story . 
  waste of vodka if you ask me, 
  same here . 
  tac 45 is a beast . 
  yeah you sound like a real expert . 
  \\  not a good looking guy, 
  \\  the viking look, 
  pick one, 
  i did n't realize the second part of your comment was ie only as well . 
   not butt in where she does n't belong, 
  but is n't this `` news story '' about the city getting ready for the superbowl ? 
  and is n't she an example of a fan getting ready for the superbowl ? 
  it 's not like she interupted an important news update on a missile crisis or something . 
  so if the reporter was at a parade for example then the entire parade should quiet down because she 's `` reporting '' ? 
  this is totally the same thing , she 's reporting on sports fans getting ready for the game on the streets and there 's a sports fan on the streets getting ready for the game . 
  if there was a loud drag queen in a news bit about a gay pride parade i bet you would n't complain . 
  that 's complete bullshit . 
  i buy all my prepaid codes overseas because it 's cheaper . 
  last time i think it was malaysian or something , i just get the codes in e-mail . 
  i 've purchased codes from us , around europe and especially asia . 
  my xbox and account is european . 
  i 've never even heard of `` compability issues '' with prepaid codes . 
  and it 's not like i found one store where the codes work , i look around online with no regard as to the country of origin , always find the chepest deal at the time and i 've never had any issues . 
  i think that `` recommendation '' of yours is simply from microsoft , since by buying my codes abroad i save more than 50 % . 
  of course they do n't want that . 
  i feel kinda bad for you if your sexlife includes sex that does n't demand a shower afterwards . 
  but would n't the tiny losses of fractions of cents you get from youtube views ( youtube money seriously is n't that much ) be worth it considering the additional free advertisement you get by letting everyone distribute it ? 
  \\  refers to himself as a gamer, 
  yes ? 
  it 's [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/srtbv.png ) except instead of the internet it 's her entire life . 
  herself ? 
  you can get on the sex offender register by having naked pictures of yourself ? 
  god i love america . 
  he/she 's not misunderstanding . 
  we totally understand it 's a `` child porn '' law . 
  does n't make it any less retarded or american . 
  yeah well modern uk is like the retarded little brother of the us . 
  just because there 's one other country in the western world with stupid laws does n't make it any more understandable for the rest of us .
