  it 's just that people focus on the part that 's not important ( miracles , god , sin etc. ), 
  so this is how you spend your free time ? 
  go through random commenters post history ? 
  btw you had to look pretty hard for that mensrights . 
  did you use ctrl + f ? 
  smoking weed and caring about men 's rights makes a person terrible ? 
  yeah but of all the buttons on the keyboard why did they have to make it something i actually already use often . 
  shit sucks . 
  the reason i take t-breaks is so that i could get higher again . 
  not to `` control my drug usage '' . 
  your post is bad and you should feel bad, 
  i want to upvote because it 's a dog but `` real life cake day '' combined with karma whoring is just too much . 
  it 's a psych out . 
  or trolling . 
  in the actual sense of the word , not the reddit meaning which is anything . 
  why would your mother have access to your computer ? 
  why do you play your games on your mother 's computer ? 
  one of the best albums on gw ever, 
  indeed, 
  i ca n't remember the last time i played fifa sober . 
  i 'm being totally honest . 
  i just do n't care about the game if i 'm not high . 
  if i do n't smoke for a couple of weeks my xbox stays off for weeks as well . 
  i got my mbp for $ 2000 in 2007 . 
  still works like new . 
  haters gon na hate , best 2k i ever spent . 
  i have upgraded it with more ram . 
  i could install a hdd if i wanted to but externals do just fine . 
  i was n't aware pc laptops were easily upgradable . 
  not only is my degree completely free in finland , the government pays me 500 $ a month for being a student . 
  first of all shame is pointless . 
  secondly it was their government 's concentration camps . 
  unless that mayor played a role in the nazi party it was n't his fault . 
  nope , that 's how she really looks . 
  it does look weird though . . 
  yeah to be honest that looks boring as fuck . 
  i do n't care what division or how many imaginary internet virtual team points you get by playing like that it sure as hell does n't look fun . 
  e. that rainbow flick to header was sick though, 
  have you been to sweden lately ? 
  like 80 % of people are tanned as fuck ( fake or solarium mostly ), 
  probably forza or something, 
  to be fair they were all pretty bad, 
  last time i checked steam did n't accept loose change . 
  yeah i 'd rather not get the game than spend like 2 hours going to the bank and waiting in line to deposit 3 dollars worth of change . 
  i do n't have a credit card and neither did whoever posted the original comment . 
  they 're both white, 
  i know . 
  the guys of major lazer are white as you can be . 
  it does n't have 0 dollars . 
  i do have 97 cents there . 
  she goes by the name abby these days . 
  does anal . 
  great stuff . 
  this is why my tv has n't been hooked up to the cable for 3 years and only serves as a second screen for my computer ( and xbox ), 
  maybe you should n't identify yourself as a non-drinker/non-smoker/non-drug user ? 
  because that 's retarded . 
  i drink alcohol , i smoke weed , i do n't only look for friends who do both . 
  who cares what you use or not , you can still be friends if you share common interestes . 
  not-smoking should n't be the defining attribute of your personality . 
  well then i do n't see the point of your post . 
  unless it 's for the shock value of a finn not drinking . 
  it 's not fifa . 
  it 's pes . 
  colombia is by far the best 4 star team in the game . 
  it 's so op it 's a miracle they have n't nerfed it . 
  so . . was the weed okay ? 
  i need to know man . 
  the original post was on r/trees . 
  this one is on r/treecomics . 
  yeah pretty much every oglaf is both nsfw and wtf, 
   do a few thousand people really control over fifty percent of everything on earth, 
  eh . . yes ? 
  i would n't know . 
  the first thing i did after buying the game was turn off the music and commentary . 
  i believe i did for about the first 2 months or so . 
  these days i require my daily dose just to break even . 
  why is toronto in oklahoma ? 
  also please use less shades of gray in the updated map . 
  does she do hardcore ? 
  it 's not racist if it 's true . 
  also they 're not a race , it 's a culture . 
  gypsies are not a race . 
  it 's a culture . 
  nowhere in the post does it say `` all night '', 
   require insane amounts of courage and self-sacrifice . 
  while i wo n't argue that , it 's also my opinion that you must be an idiot to make such sacrifices for `` your country '' . 
  you 're not actually fighting for your people or a flag or anything heroic like that in today 's world . 
  you 're fighting for the current administration and the businesses that put them there . 
  end of story . 
  yeah well it 's the culture people dispise . 
  not liking gypsys does n't make you a racist . 
  it can make you intolerant or whatever , but i 'm not afraid to admit i 'm intolerant of thieves . 
  i know a few people with `` gypsy background '' a.k.a they 're part of the ethnic group but they 've `` left the culture '' and act like normal western civilized people and they do n't get hated even though where i live it 's not just common to hate gypsies , it 's very uncommon not to . 
  not really since the history of civilized humans is pretty well recorded , you can read about it at your local library . 
  civilization does n't mean the same as life on earth . 
  the end however is something nobody can know so that would be the obvious choice . 
  funny thing is they were both drunk on both accounts . 
  only one of them was a possible rapist . 
  wait it 's not funny at all . 
  so you talk every day but you do n't consider him an `` actual friend '' because he has a medical condition ?
