  i wonder how conscious he was during those 72 hours . 
  or just use his index finger instead of his thumb . 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure that 's just the reporter 's words . 
  you seem angry :\\ ^ ), 
  also it was n't what you were saying . 
  honestly they play like a bunch of really skilled friends playing for fun but not seriously enough to practice strategies and the like . 
  no coach or roster changes are going to help if they keep that attitude . 
  moot just wanted a nice anime image board to discuss his neckbeard cartoons with his faggot friends . 
  everything else was by popular demand and he hated it, 
   most players either a-click or right click - not both . 
  yeah i 'm gon na need some source on that, 
  he 's quirky and random like that xd, 
  are you guys saying the language option actually does something on us servers ? 
  on eu west you can have english only and you get just as many russians and turkish people . 
  there 's no limit or if there is it 's higher tham 2k, 
  that 's because it 's such a commonly known fact stating the opposite of the obvious becomes a joke and a dank meme, 
  because i come from a background of wc and starcraft myself and have never heard of this . 
  all rts players use both commands for different situations . 
  mainly right click for micro and a-click for situations like you described . 
  but the two commands are used for different things . 
  i do n't understand why anyone would have to choose . 
  dell 's ultrasharp monitors are some of the best isp monitors on the market, 
  arcana for qop and remodel for zeus . 
  everybody wins :\\ ^ ), 
  yeah i 've been really happy with my u2415h as well, 
  yeah i assumed this to be the police department 's account and upvoted . 
  read the comments , realized it was n't and downvoted . 
  i 'm sure a lot of others made the same mistake except did n't check the comments . 
  shit the loading is that bad for some people ? 
  i just get like a second of stutter , never realized it might be a cause why some people take like 30 seconds to get their items . 
  i 'm just guessing but i think memory and hdd have more of an effect . 
  that slow even sounds like you might have a hard drive failure of some degree . 
  i was n't thinking so much results as how their games look like . 
  obviously they 're still very skilled and can win maps with simple picks . 
  you can change it to just a quick press in the options . 
  that one 's better since there 's no delay, 
  i feel like his movie career is why people make such a big deal out of sunny though . 
  he was an a-list actor in hollywood for a long time and then just decided to join a low budget tv show written by the actors and it was great . 
  not many movie stars want or even can make succesfull change to tv . 
  and his experience shows in that he 's the only one in the world that can do the role of frank . 
  yeah i loved taxi as a kid . 
  i guess i shouldve called it devito 's return to tv instead . 
  me too thanks, 
  wow nice looking cities, 
  i 've been looking for years every time this pic is posted with no results, 
   top 10 accounts, 
  i used to get my c&h from the library as a kid . 
  luckily they had all the ~ 40 page albums ever published but i never owned any . 
  every week i 'd return the previous and rent `` new '' ones although i had read them all many times . 
  on a trip to america around age ~ 13 i saw this at a local barnes & noble and had the $ 100 bucks required still saved up but then my mom realized the thing weighed 25 pounds so the overweight charges on my baggage would be like 200 usd across the atlantic . 
  ever since i 've wanted that thing more than anything . 
  i was so glad to find it on amazon 10 year later . 
  free shipping too . 
  finland, 
  they were published in finnish in the newspapers but the library had both finnish and original english ones, 
  yeah under two different names from two different publishers, 
  lassi ja leevi is the better translated one that most the books are licensed under too, 
  you people are the worst . 
  it 's not a circlejerk which one is a better game or had better maps , it 's because in 1.6 maps had next to no detail and everything was just a wall or a box so the names are more based on map location and make sense even in csgo, 
  when cs : s came out valve wanted to impress with the graphics so the maps were full of detail and callouts were assigned to those to make it easier . 
  now 1.6 callouts still work perfectly fine for csgo but half the time cs : s callouts are just confusing to someone who has n't played cs : s, 
   it does n't make them bad people using a newer game 's callouts, 
  no , it makes the callouts bad for csgo or any other game that uses a different version of the map because they do n't work as well as 1.6 callouts that dont rely on details, 
  you 're the one obsessed with game age, 
  / r/cheeseburgers, 
  yeah me too to be honest, 
  too bad you were n't included in the official screencap or you could 've been famous, 
  yeah but i do actually like playing with the original textures because of the consistent artstyle . 
  especially when i have n't played the game for ages ( vanilla at launch ) . 
  i only play first person, 
  i pretty much followed this guide i ca n't link because automoderator / 2cywjl/ultimate _ fallout_3_graphical_overhaul_mod_list / but only included the ones without textures . 
  fallout 3 community patch, 
  fake fullscreen mode, 
  better game performance, 
  project reality, 
  realistic interior lighting, 
  megaton lighting overhaul, 
  smoothlight, 
  i thought it was obvious . 
  you were n't let out of the house alone at age 13 ? 
  people actually believe the mouse positioning in replays ? 
  waow , suddenly i understand all these `` script '' complaints . 
  what about replay tickrate ? 
  in csgo this is a huge issue where basically every demo looks like you 're aimhacking because you can get kills before you even move your crosshair ( in the demo because of the low tickrate it 's recorded at ) . 
  is n't dota2 running on the same engine ? 
  i personally am very skeptical about calling hacks or scripts just based on mouse movement in a replay . 
  thank you i wanted to read the same joke over but this time with jpg artifacts, 
  exactly . 
  everyone and their mother would be a cheater in csgo if people trusted replays . 
  oh shit are you telling me smoking actually does n't save lives ? 
  and i already started . 
  there 's like less than an inch of room to move that mouse . 
  also an mmo mouse and a 60 % keyboard ? 
  seems kinda contradictory . 
  is n't pepsi_next a bot ? 
  is there a difference between the two :\\ ^ ), 
  the interview is from 2012 . 
  it 's not like reddit was n't attracting investors back then . 
  has internet made me too skeptical when i 'm pretty sure this `` prank gone wrong '' is just as fake as all the other pranks ? 
  the whole `` i hope someone pulls a gun on you '' has been like the # 1 comment on every prank video for as long as youtube has existed .
