  that 's pretty douchebaggery . 
  there 's a difference between judging someone solely based on their ethnic background and the culture they participate in . 
  for example having black skin wo n't change my opinion of you , but having gold teeth and a huge medallion hanging on your neck while your belt is at your knees will affect how i see you . 
  and i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  human civilization or any sort of civilization did n't start at big bang . 
  it happened billions of years later . 
  also i live in a part of the world where big bang is already universally seen as the most plausible theory . 
  traditional laplandish apparel and/or culture is n't associated with higher criminal activity , lack of respect for academics or violent behaviour . 
  i actually read that as `` any '' . 
  my bad . 
  oh most crimes in finland are committed by finns ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  yes of course if you compare the number head to head i bet finns commit most of them which is a huge surprise considering that 96,4 % of people living in finland were born in finland . 
  if you look at the statistics from a `` per capita '' type of view the image becomes a whole lot different . 
  especially in [ violent crime ] ( http://nappa.kuvat.fi/hstilastoulkomaa.jpg ) . 
  i have nothing against gay people but yes i find it perfectly fine for your perception of someone to be affected by the fact that he is a part of a religion . 
  she deleted her facebook profile . 
  that conversation is still there regardless . 
  you 're a fan of leaving a baby 's umbilical cord to stop pulsating ? 
  well that 's a new one . 
  3,7 % of people . 
  11 % of suspects . 
  that is pretty high . 
  also :, 
   compared with the previous year , the number of all suspects remained nearly unchanged , while the number of foreign citizens suspected increased by nearly three per cent . 
  it 's not getting any better . 
  i 'll be sure to remember that the next time i deliver a baby . 
  so that 's what you call it in english . 
  there was actually a discussion on / r/finland a while ago how english does n't have a word ( nor do many other languages ) for feeling embarassed for someone else . 
  i think the existence of that word ( my\u00f6t\u00e4h\u00e4pe\u00e4 ) tells a lot about the finnish culture . 
  says the guy praising the courage of soldiers on an american website, 
  finland, 
  why would someone even try ? 
  i think that news article has two separate news mashed into one . 
  it 's a fucking mess . 
  that is bullshit . 
  i 've seen police dogs in action and they do not stop before their owner or caretaker or whatever the officer is called tells them to . 
  i 'm complaining about the quality , not quantity . 
  \\  argument, 
  who would n't take `` attention '' aka exposure over karma ? 
  i know i would . 
  is that a single apartment/house ? 
  i want that . 
  e. http://twistedsifter.com/2011/06/portabello-estate-orange-county/, 
  originally listed at a cool $ 76 million in 2006 , the portabello estate was eventually sold in 2010 for $ 34.1 million , less than half the original asking price . 
  this 22,000 square foot ( 2,044 sq m ) oceanfront behemoth features eight bedrooms , ten bathrooms ( and 5 half baths ) and two saltwater pools surrounded by 3-storey high grotto cliffs . 
  of course there 's your standard 10-pin bowling lanes , 16-car garage , state-of-the-art movie theatre and automotive museum . 
  yeah and they move weird too . 
  like they 're cgi or something . 
  i sitll have n't given up hope . 
  bms is one of the best comedy shows in the 21st century . 
  i did it all the time and everything turned out great . 
  plus i have tons of great memories from my teenage years i would n't had had had i not skipped school . 
  wait what had had had . 
  that 's correct , right ? 
  it is n't , but reddit loves it 's hypocrisy and high horse . 
  you have a strange taste of fun, 
  oh i know i 'm racist , i 'm not trying to deny that , do n't worry . 
  so . . would n't have had had i not . . yeah that sounds more reasonable, 
  yeah i wish anaheim `` loses '' . 
  we got ripped off on that deal . 
  sure we have fowler and vatanen who are both offensive defensemen but lubo is the shit . 
  any word on vatanen next season ? 
  i think i have an extra 7 dollars . 
  i 'll hire you as my butler . 
  minnesota wild will win the cup, 
  not even once . 
  he kept forcing the one question `` how has being anakin affected your life '' and as someone who talks to people for a living he should have noticed how lloyd obviously was n't very comfortable with it ( maybe he wants to be more in his life than just a former child star ) but instead he just kept forcing it . 
  what kind of a question is `` so how has being the young anakin affected your editing studies '' ? 
  i 'm with obi_uno , the interviewer seemed like the bigger dick . 
  i was 9 . 
  i saw it at the theatre , thought the racing scenes were cool as fuck . 
  have n't seen it since and from what i 've head i 'm going to keep it that way and just enjoy my memory . 
  why stop ? 
  i thought that was a good one . 
  i ca n't be the only one who read that as breast . 
  but while we 're on the subject i do think a pic of it next to your breast would work as a better reference than a hand . 
  who cares ? 
  you have to play against the cpu which sucks so much dick it does n't matter what improvements they 've made off the field . 
  e. http://fifasoccerblog.com/blog/fifa-13-career-mode-the-new-features/ here are the improvements . 
  some actually sound good . 
  too bad it does n't matter . 
   actually more like i hit sprint when the new bullets show up on the hud, 
  that 's called reload cancelling and has been done by nearly everyone since forever . 
  not sure if it worked in cod 1 & 2 though . 
  temperaturewise you probably could but the mosquitoes will eat you alive if you show up in lapland in a pair of shorts . 
  i wear t-shirts 365 days of the years so you ca n't really go wrong with them , just bring something to wear over them if necessary . 
  well otto is not a doctor either so i do n't see why you have to drag medicinal marijuana into this . 
  eh , i 'm not a pc gamer and 1080p is really low for a screen that size if you 're using it as a computer monitor . 
  my 27 '' monitor is 2560x1440 and it has just the right size/resolution ratio . 
  1080p would probably be usable but then again 27 '' is a far way from 42 '' . 
  even though i ( naturally ) completely agree with you that you were assaulted i have to say that this whole `` saving yourself '' business is retarded and while you are a victim you were n't `` stolen of your virginity '' . 
  nothing was stolen , you did n't actually lose anything . 
  so yeah idk , she raped you and you 're right to be upset ( and pursue retribution ) but the reasons you 're upset are a bit silly . 
  i 'm a semi grown ass man and i have a velcro wallet that 's green , red and blue and has pictures of mickey/minney mouse and pluto . 
  it was my childhood wallet that served as a backup wallet after i lost my `` adult one '' and before the new one came in the mail . 
  that was three years ago , the new fancy leather one has been collecting dust all this time . 
  it 's a great ice breaker though , for some strange reason chicks love it . 
  i upvoted it because it 's a perfect example of this subreddit, 
  they did n't as much write them but collect them and arrange them into a neat package .
