  not only is it an excellent well balanced map and a classic but it also runs better than other csgo maps . 
  if you do n't have a great computer d2 is the easiest map to achieve a playable fps on . 
  when she 's the most paid female athlete in the world you 'd think she has someone to keep track of her medication . 
  because medication , diet etc. 
  actually influences performance . 
  all pro athletes have physicians and doctors . 
  eugenics are n't really that bad of an idea . 
  they 're just often associated with organizations that have a bad reputation . 
  chemical castration is to control behavior , not reproduction . 
  it 's both . 
  well selective breeding or eugenics has a lot of legitimate merits too if you want to play that game . 
  cuck is an adjective , verb and a noun . 
  learn your memes, 
  i have n't really watched sitcoms since seinfeld but always sunny is truly great . 
  well you can tell yourself that if it makes you feel better and i do n't really give a shit but it is more effective at stopping them from passing on their genes than it is at preventing sex crimes regardless what the original intent was . 
  does n't really matter to him if he 's used to relying on using sign language does it ? 
  except dota2 does n't have this system and csgo did n't use to . 
  it 's a new addition they have n't done before in any of their games so it 's not really `` continuing to do it their way '' . 
  except it does n't do jack shit against hackers and smurfs because they can just bot their way through it while the average new player has to suffer the whole thing, 
  i 'm pretty sure evolution is why they hurt in the first place . 
  seems reasonable those who protected their nuts more would be more able to procreate . 
  does anyone know where he lives if he had to stand out in the cold long enough to get frostbite before the fire department arrived ? 
  except he 's working in fast food and the customer is always right, 
  `` like he was going to '', 
   the second you connect 2 of them to 2 houses the 3rd will not be able to connect to 2 of the things . 
  what ? 
  you can connect two of them to 3 houses and the 3rd will still connect to 2 as seen it http://i.imgur.com/p51zar8.jpg, 
  that 's what i said, 
  thia happened to my friend when i gifted him a set while we were queueing for a game . 
  he however was able to accept the game , just really late and said something like `` shit i almost was n't able to accept because of the armory popup '' . 
  i can ask him how he was able to accept it if it helps . 
  this is one of the fakest things i have ever seen . 
  of course not, 
  said no one ever, 
  you do n't have to be a prude to find that thing disgusting, 
  i doubt she 'd have a hard time finding someone to pay for her shit, 
  - lv does n't actually work anymore, 
  not a hook, 
  are you implying playing video games on lsd is n't enjoyable ? 
  because it is . 
  i do n't think most people who are used to playing on a pc have any trouble not looking at their keyboard while playing . 
  the edges of the keyboard or the little nub on the f key are enough for me personally . 
  if i was using someone else 's keyboard i was n't used to i 'd maybe glance at it initially but on my own i 'd never even think about needing to look at it . 
  i 'm guessing he played some fallout new vegas, 
  i never even have chat open and disregard all streaming sites that are n't twitch . 
  i 've never used a quality other than source ( since the introduction of `` source '' ) and have n't had any issues . 
  the shit talker inside all of us . 
  the thing kinda fuels itself . 
  those high school movies and shows you see are mostly watched by high school kids themselves . 
  so they start to imitate what was an exaggerated representation of school life making school more like tv shows which makes tv shows even more extreme etc. 
  it goes round and round . 
  as a european who spent a year in an american high school it really is like in the movies , except less glamorous of course . 
  i would n't say it 's worse or better , it 's just different . 
  and the amount of drama those american kids can stir up from the smallest thing still blows my mind . 
  school teams are nice though , i had always practiced sports in private clubs like is common in europe and we never really had any attendance other than parents/friends/other teams at the tournament . 
  it was great going from that to an actual stadium where people in town without even kids in the team or the school came to watch our games . 
  over a thousand people watching our shitty high school football and it was n't even a big town . 
  next week people would talk about the game when i was running errands like it was a `` real '' match . 
  well it does indeed appear you do n't know what is entrapment . 
  even the ads made by this studio look pretty great https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooe_bqfb0is, 
  well the thing on the right looks pretty cool too, 
  people do n't tip the pizza driver in the civilized world and delivery charges are included in the original order . 
   give me a solid 30 frames , 720p resolution, 
  yeah but ps4 games already frequently drop way below 30 and they 're not even running in vr . 
   it 's the same argument of gaming rig vs console though . 
  and you could say that `` the experience will be completely different '' comparing gaming on a high end pc to a console . 
  also i think it 's bigger than that . 
  from everything i 've read about vr processing power seems to be even more important than in `` traditional '' games . 
  vr relies heavily on immersion delivered via power hungry technology and while low resolution and crappy frame rates may be fine if you 're playing a turn based boardgame or something they become much bigger obstacles when you 're trying to convey the feeling of `` actually being there '' . 
  it 's hard enough as is and the last thing you want is technology holding you back . 
  yeah minimum order of 12 $ aka one pizza and a large coke . 
  i remember playing csgo with a friend when he was stuck with just a laptop and every time he 'd press push to talk it sounded like he just jumped off a helicopter . 
  bloodborne which is the only reason i 've even touched my ps4 in the last year feels like it runs in low 20s constantly and especially if you try to turn your camera whenever there 's more than one enemy trying to hit you . 
  add some blood spatter or particle effects and it feels like 15 fps . 
  obviously ca n't tell you the real figures since there 's no fps counter . 
   hydraulic press channel 7 hours ago, 
  i start make videos today again now they have some viewers , thank you all for support . 
  one for breakfast . 
  cold pizza is better anyway . 
  he 's been receiving growth hormone treatment since the age of 10 but since the age 13 it 's been paid for by barca ( and probably went up in quality ) . 
  i 've never known anyone called korhonen . 
  sure i 've probably met a korhonen at some point but i 've never been introduced to one or known someone 's last name to be korhonen . 
  i know a shit ton of virtanen 's though . 
  more like euls into sun strike & meteor . 
  still better than ss though , at least i can place sentries to catch invoker ahead of time . 
  arcane boots range is like over half a screen these days, 
  this item has been deleted because of a possible violation of our terms of service !, 
  mirror ? 
  have you heard of this wonderful invention called google ? 
  works totally fine . 
  get a better computer . 
  what is there to hate ? 
  it works just like any other video hosting site . 
   ads, 
  i 'm not saying it 's the best video host out there but it 's not bad enough where it 'd warrant a ban . 
  if a video is already hosted there it 's not worth the effort downloading it and rehosting it elsewhere just because some kid does n't like the color scheme of the site . 
  not if you play with friends . 
  alone it 's just a boring shitty ffa deathmatch though which kinda ruins it . 
  it 's a webm so you can just skip forward, 
  why did someone take what was transparent and replace it with black ?
