  the fucked up frosties ( the kelloggs one ) at least in finland . 
  when i was a kid ( 90s ) frosties were the shit . 
  easly 2000s they introduced a new -50 % sugar version and advertised it as a healthier choice . 
  a few years later they removed the original and renamed the -50 % version to just frosties even with the old packaging . 
  if you check the nutrition info you can see it 's the -50 % sugar version though . 
  what 's the point of frosties that are n't full of sugar ? 
  yeah i do n't think it 's that lenient , i think it 's seems like a good decision . 
  they could 've banned him for the reminder of the world cup and there would 've been no media outcry . 
  4mo is a fifa taking a stand . 
  i like it . 
  it makes it so that not everyone has the `` coolest '' paintjob in all their cars . 
  that sort of thing is important to me in online games . 
  in single player you can do whatever the fuck you want since it 's only you who gets to see it anyway . 
   i 'm convinced the people who say these things are just being contrarians . 
  you 're telling me you 'd enjoy it less if things were cheaper online ? 
  what possible reasoning could you have for that ? 
  higher prices means it 's more exclusive . 
  you actually had to `` work '' for having that cool car instead of everyone driving around in a gold adder . 
  i definitely liked this decision from rockstar and did n't see it as cash grabbing . 
   you would n't say it 's okay for a guy to whip it out and start jerkin it after his wife said no, 
  what ? 
  is n't that exactly what married men do ? 
  why would it not be ok ? 
  i would n't buy my kid a $ 2500 bag . 
  if they bought it with their own money and lost it i would n't give a fuck because losing it should be enough to teach them a lesson . 
  regular people planet where we are n't overly scared of sexuality and do n't call everything rape, 
  how is masturbating forcing someone to have sex with you ? 
  `` expose '' ? 
  how can you `` expose youself '' in your own home ? 
  being a wife or not has nothing to do with anything . 
  a man has full right to masturbate in his own home/bed . 
  so is taking a shit in front of someone else and married people do it all the time, 
  i do n't see how masturbating yourself is `` forcing them to have sex with you '' . 
  if you 're touching them with your dick or something then i understand what you 're talking about but masturbating after being turned down for sex seems like a reasonable response . 
  if the game is boring unnecessary grinding to you then why do you play ? 
  i only played it for fun did n't have any trouble unlocking stuff i wanted . 
  of course i did n't get every single thing in the game , but that makes you commit more to your decisions . 
  i liked saving up for a super car and the feeling after i finally got it , especially in the early days when it was super rare . 
  all i 'm saying is when two people live together for a long time the treshold of what becomes a `` private '' thing to do lowers or disappears completely . 
  `` to try and seduce her '' is not an actual thing you do , it 's a speculation of the motives . 
  it 's irrelevant . 
  the conversation was about denying sex , not asking you not to masturbate . 
  as i said it 's just a speculation of motives . 
  the physical actions of `` masturbating to pleasure yourself '' and `` masturbation to seduce her '' can be identical . 
  how can that be irrelevant ? 
  but how does intent matter when talking about interaction between two people ? 
  the only thing another person can observe is the physical action . 
   let 's also not forget youtube , who already implemented it a while ago . 
  i can definitely see both likes and dislikes on youtube . 
  or do you mean replacing the 1-5 rating with up/down because that happened years ago and the reason was 1 or 5 got like 95 % of votes . 
  you used to be able to see a post 's ups and downs even without res . 
  res just expanded that same functionality to comments . 
  they disabled both . 
  well we 'll just have to agree to disagree . 
  i think they look like shit , no exceptions . 
  yeah he already got a legit exit with the `` i need to sit down '' . 
  nobody would 've seen that as strange or if he would 've told the reporter the interview was over . 
  why did he keep going ? 
   convenience store and did n't know where he lived, 
  i 'm baffled how it got to this point . 
  why would you call cops after a kid browsing the dollar store ? 
  why would you ask him for his home address ? 
  an 8 year old is not a baby . 
  i was wondering why it was n't on empornium yet, 
  what ? 
  reddit users are like 99.9 % in favor of evolution . 
  for the past 4 events i 've watched almost 24/7 ( minus the time for sleeping which i actually timed to coincide with the runs i was least interested in ) . 
  this time i 've watched maybe a few hours combined because 3 games of football a day takes a big chunk of my free time . 
  so nothing personal , just that organizing any sort of time consuming event during the world cup is a bad idea . 
  if i had one complaint it 'd be that the game screen is often way too small . 
  i like being able to see the runners , but the game screen should take up most of the space , not 1/4 . 
  `` i would really prefer it if you 'd be quiet '' is probably the most polite way of telling someone to shut up i 've ever heard . 
  he 's also seriously autistic . 
  it 's not like he 's doing it to be rude , it 's just the way he is . 
  why are people in this thread defending the runner ? 
  is someone actually accusing the runner ? 
  it should be obvious he 's not in the wrong here . 
  his game , his couch . 
  i think he went beyond reasonable expectations not telling this guy to shut the fuck up right away . 
   there was a personality clash simple as that , chibi has his own humor and i am sure caveman has his , the two however do not mix and that is what i am getting at, 
  but that 's not a defense . 
  if your personality clashes with that of the runner , you do n't get on the couch . 
  and to be honest , anyone 's personality would clash with that annoying dumbass . 
  yeah and why do n't newspapers remove all news after they 're 24 hours old ? 
  some people prefer watching the vods instead of the live stream because it lets you fast forward through the boring parts like setting up and also lets you skip games you are n't personally interested in . 
  ** that 's ** the `` cosmo incident '' ? 
  i watched that live and i did n't even realize someone would consider that a big deal . 
  that 's it ?? 
  i watched that live and never noticed any sort of awkwardness , it was just a justified comment made by the runner , not in ill-will and the guy on the couch did n't seem to get offended . 
  cosmo actually apologized for that ? 
  fuck me some people like to make a big deal out of nothing . 
  how do you go from `` i 'm sorry i 'm just getting a little flustered by all the people talking , i 'm sorry '' to a public apology and `` after my run i went back to my room in tears thinking about the ramifications about what just happened . 
  people even watch regular people play video games the regular way . 
  have you never heard of twitch.tv ? 
  youtube paid over a billion dollars to purchase it earlier this year , it 's a huge business . 
  however this stream is not your usual stream , it 's a marathon of the best speedrunners in the world . 
  basically they have the best player at a certain game play his game and then move on to the next game and the next runner . 
  speedrunning is different ( and way more entertaining ) from regular streams because they showcase the weirdest little tricks , bugs and glitches to get the best time that a normal person would have no clue of . 
  and a marathon is different from a regular speedrunning stream because normally a speedrunner only practices a certain game or two over and over again where as here you only see a game once and move on to something else . 
  it 's entertaining because not only does it take a great amount of skill and practice most people who watch the stream have probably played some of these games .
