  it only sounds `` mysterious '' to you because you do n't know what it truly means . 
  a scene release does have value to it and there 's a reason people stick to the system . 
  without it we 'd still be living the days of kazaa etc. 
  where you had to guess whether what you 're downloading is fake or a virus etc. 
  having a proper scene release guarantees you it 's a working retail copy of the game in english instead of some shady file you find on a russian website . 
  it 's like the golden nintendo sticker nes games used to have . 
  it 's kinda sad that you 're not able to discuss a game with `` friends '' unless you can log into xbox live . 
  the master race circle jerk does n't really work that well when you play a pleb game like call of duty . 
  why are you so angry ? 
  besides if anything i think my comment should help someone who is n't knowledgeable about the subject understand what the value of a scene release is . 
  why did you edit your comment to be even angrier ? 
  is everything allright ? 
  right hand is for the mouse, 
  yeah and they even have special handles to grab onto . 
  we always had a rule that you could n't hold the table ( or anything ) with your other arm . 
  and it was n't `` our rule '' either but standard practice wherever i saw people arm wrestling . 
  yes they are . 
  i 've played about 8 hours of cs today btw . 
  i do n't believe you 've ever created anything that was popular even as a repost . 
  did this happen 14 years ago or why are you still talking about pokemon ? 
  depends on the ( size of the ) road at least in finland and sweden . 
  that 's probably a good thing seeing as how the average age on r/f7u12 is around 13, 
  do n't read advice on reddit , just figure it out for yourself . 
  if cavemen could do it so can you . 
  it 's the most fun that way . 
  everything about that comment and attitude sounds so american . 
  i know this is just pointless america bashing but it does . 
  no one would lose their job because a stupid company policy cost the company money in any other civilized coutnry i can think of . 
  it 'd be extremely illegal too ( no work at-will laws like in the u.s. ), 
  i believe he could do it . 
  with a pretty good consistency too , professional cameras used for something like this are usually huge . 
  there 's no reason they 'd do it though . 
  easy to edit , no one expects it to be real anyway and those cameras can cost a ** fortune ** . 
   i like the idea of naming the personal assistant cortana just as a little wink to the halo series, 
  now i get it . 
  it 's a [ reference ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cortana ) . 
  i was wondering why everyone was going apeshit over the name . 
  i did n't think it was a bad choice but nothing special either . 
  mostly i just kept thinking `` who the fuck cares what it 's called '' . 
  but that 's actually pretty cool . 
   nobody wants to be using it, 
  i think this sums it up . 
  why do people want voice commands for their phone ? 
  that seems like such a 70s future movie thing . 
  so counter-productive . 
  using the maps hands free while driving is the only practical use i can think of , but i still would n't trust any phone by any manufacturer to actually be reliable even in that use . 
  way less funny than any other key & peele sketch i 've seen . 
  some of them are actually smart , i 've watched them multiple times and laughed . 
  this one had some wigs and silly names . 
  that 's it . 
  that 's the joke . 
  they had wigs . 
  who upvote this ? 
  is this the kind of humor people enjoy ? 
  no because my pizza is hot off the oven while his had probably already cooled off . 
  and yes i understand it 's a metaphor but still i do n't care . 
  you preordered to get it on the 17th . 
  you 're getting it on the 17th regardless of when somone else gets it . 
  you should be satisfied . 
  every game in the history of gaming has leaked prematurely . 
  big deal . 
  if you actually did n't get it on the 17th then i 'd accept your bitching , but right now it just makes you look like an asshole . 
  because you ca n't have it now nobody can ? 
  yes . 
  fuck you . 
  this happens every time a game is released . 
  not just big aaa titles but every time a non-niche game comes out ( japanese monster truck date simulators usually get uploaded the day of the release ) . 
  there is no reason to get your panties in a bunch , and it will accomplish absolutely nothing . 
  are you implying he 's buying a pirated copy ? 
  what is this , 1995 ? 
  people have internet these days . 
  or downloaded it from pretty much any torrent site on the internet ? 
  that 's probably the case 99 % of the time seeing as how there are already 5 or 6 `` official '' releases out . 
  there 's not really a black market for unreleased games after the first scene release . 
  or sleep for 72 hours straight . 
  initial investment of $ 150 ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it does n't cost a cent to flash a 360 drive , and if you 're not tech-savvy you can have it done for about $ 30 + shipping . 
  i did n't downvote because i did n't * get * your sarcasm or agreed or disagreed . 
  i downvoted because it was a stupid thing to say and a circlejerk . 
  well you did say anyone who plays it is a `` jackoff '' and you hate them all . 
  you can discuss the game without spoiling the plot . 
  i 'd love to hear about the features , how the cars handle , how the shooting mechanics are , is the fps fluid , how do the graphics look etc. 
  and we 'd never even have to mention the plot or the characters . 
  i 'd talk all day about gtav with someone who 's played it . 
  you have to have a flashed 360 drive . 
  you need the exact same thing to play a pirated copy . 
  and flashing it costs like $ 30 even if you know nothing about it , there are services that you can send your xbox to and they send it back a day later . 
  either you burn it onto a disc ( flashed 360 drive ) or you put connect your 360 to an external hard drive ( jtag ) . 
  jtag has the advantage of not requiring discs and also allowing you to pirate xbla games . 
  a flashed drive on the other hand is much less likely to get you banned . 
  i have a flashed xbox i 've been playing pirated games on for about 4 years now and it 's still not banned , i can download all the updates i want ( even to pirated games ) . 
  i do n't know about the slims , i 've only worked with the `` traditional '' ones . 
  i 've had a flashed 360 for 4-5 years now ( i 've had to `` redo '' it a couple of times in that time due to system updates ) and it 's still not banned . 
  even though i 've played online and update all my pirated games etc. 
  a jtag on the other hand will get you banned even though it 's more complex and probably more expensive . 
  i do n't know about the u.s but in my country we have what 's called `` the academic quarter [ of an hour ] '' ( sounds more natural in finnish ) . 
  meaning if a class starts at 14.00 the professor actually starts lecturing at 14.15 . 
  it 's like that with everything . 
  of course if you show up at 14.00 you can usually small talk or ask about homework etc.
