  it would had been ten times funnier had he actually checked toby . 
  now it 's more like an embrassing hug and it 's simply not funny in the `` one taking it too seriously '' way . 
  yeah i know they 're actors but come on every little kid in who grew up in a northern country can take a check , these guys get paid to make things look good , it would n't have been that big of a sacrifice to let him just ram toby . 
  still . 
  you can get 2 years for less than 80 dollars . 
  i paid 30 $ for 14 months . 
  there 's absolutely no reason to get live gold directly from live . 
  skyrim will keep you busy and time per $ wise it 's not a bad investment but those hours will feel pretty wasted after the initial amazement goes over . 
  a lot of good discussion [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/games/comments/smj9a/its_been_six_months_since_skyrim_was_released/ ), 
  / b / was never good . 
  you 'd know this if you were n't a newfag yourself . 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) and inline image viewer . 
  i just scroll down and look at the photos . 
  if something catches my attention i read the title . 
  still it 's the year 2025 and they made it look exactly like every other one of those . . things that 's in all the ads these days . 
  i doubt there is n't more to this . 
   did you enjoy it while you were playing it ? 
  this is the point . 
  although i spent well over a hundred hours on it , i did n't have as much fun during those 100 hours that i usually have while playing an amazing video game , or one that would hook me for a hundred hours . 
  of course you do n't gain anything by playing a video game , that 's not what i was talking about . 
  you mean that little thing on the thigh ? 
  yeah there 's absolutely no other explanation for that than anorexia . 
  exactly . 
  youtube has n't buffered for me since like 2006 . 
  even then it was n't because of my connection but because their servers were hugely overloaded by the sudden popularity . 
  i fucking hate these tumblr-style gifs with 5 frames and 20 seconds worth of text, 
  his mouth barely moves for one word ( that apparently only uses vowels ) and it 's supposed to be 4 sentences . 
  we have science to back it up though . 
  science that applies to every other subject on this planet . 
  they have `` some things are just left to faith '' . 
  an argument that would be laughed out of any other conversation . 
  `` smoking is healthy '' `` but these tests indica . . '' `` it 's a matter of faith '' . 
  you can apply science to everything . 
  that 's the beauty of science . 
  simply by saying `` you ca n't apply science to this '' i know your side of the argument holds no ground because otherwise you would n't be afraid of science . 
  good point . 
  well i was n't expecting him to completely flatten toby and cause a concussion but yeah i think it would had been much funnier had he even went for it in a `` hitting stance '' not in a `` let me touch the glass on either side of you '' stance . 
  yes i understand this is comedy . 
  but just because it 's a comedy does n't mean the actors ca n't be convincing . 
  after all the joke is one guy taking an office hockey game way too seriously , and properly hitting him would had went along with that a lot better . 
  you ca n't disprove religion because religion very much exists . 
  why would i carry the burden of proof ? 
  the one claiming existance should prove them . 
  i 'm not going to believe in the existence of anything without a single piece of evidence . 
  be it an animal , plant , molecyle or god . 
  does it mean i 've disproven god ? 
  does the lack of evidence suggest gods nonexistence is the more probable option ? 
  yes . 
  the universe is ever-expanding , you ca n't disprove anything 's existence . 
  that 's why the scientific community places the burden of proof on the one making accusations . 
  you do n't see encyclopedias writing about 8-eyed fishes just because there are unmapped parts of the ocean i.e their existence has n't been disproven . 
  which is actually a little surprising . 
  i 've never had a cat but i helped a friend house sit a place with three cats and the owner had just left a pile of food out and the cats would come in and take a little pebble every now and then . 
  dogs on the other hand tend to eat everything they can , be it dog food or cupcakes . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  unless your idea of `` actual hip hop music '' is this modern lil wayne drake chamillionaire bullshit . 
  it 's not a great song , but for a low budget youtube funny video rap song i really enjoyed it . 
  the hook has a funny late 80s feel to it and the beat is n't half bad either . 
  he 's tail is wagging . 
  i 'd go with a sneeze . 
  you clearly have no idea how dogs work . 
  that 's a shameful/submissive expression . 
  or a microsecond before sneezing . 
  too lazy to look them up so if anyone 's in the mood to summarize please go ahead . 
  i 've never gotten my dog high but this one time i had a friend of a friend over and he blew some smoke at our dog . 
  at first she was kinda scared and jumped back but then she came back and actually started purposfully sniffing the smoke and wagging her tail . 
  i only let him blow like 3 or 5 puffs of smoke at her though . 
  after that we went inside with the dog and played with it until it got hungry and then sleepy . 
  the dog 's still alive . 
  exactly . 
  especially when reading walkthroughs or cheat codes or something . 
  which do you think is easier to write/read/remember , `` left-right-x-b-x-y '' or `` left-right-triangle-square-triangle-circle '' ? 
  also people who speak multiple languages like myself . 
  abxy is the same in every language . 
  circle and square are n't . 
  of course i know what those words mean in english but it still requires more thought than a simple letter . 
   to them the 20th century is as ancient as the 19th is to us . 
  i do n't think years work like that, 
  dip the head in acid, 
  because it was addictive as hell . 
  you wanted to see the entire world . 
  like i said it was n't a bad game , i did indeed have fun playing it . 
  but it was also an extremely boring and repetitive game at times . 
  often it felt like work you had to endure to get to the fun part . 
  and as soon as you realize how shallow your experience is the pretty much ruins the immersion and interest . 
  that and the fact the game gets ridiculously easy . 
  i stopped playing around level 45 or so , i was so op there was absolutely no challenge and i had n't even boosted any skills . 
  money becomes worthless even earlier . 
  the worst part was the amount of pausing and the possibilities it offered . 
  the most efficent way of playing the game included hitting the pause button every other second . 
  want to switch a weapon or a spell ? 
  pause menu . 
  took any damage ? 
  pause and potion ( which you can always do in a fraction of a second and the effect is instantenous so basically anything that ca n't one-hit you also ca n't kill you ) . 
  enemy coming up ? 
  pause and switch your armor , helmet , boots , jewelry and gloves to match exactly his weaknesses . 
  of course your clothes will change in a fraction of a second so if you see an arrow in the air ? 
  pause and put on arrow blocking armor . 
  continue , wait one second , switch to melee armor , gloves , helmet ... you get the point . 
  the game is full of exploitables , and to play the game well basically means using them and it 's just simply not very entertaining .
