  as a consequence , he is very obsessive over unnecessary perfection and takes on an overbearing , bossy attitude . 
  he is known to be irritable - somewhat conceited - and completely obsessed with time and his schedules . 
  he also keeps large track of time , stating mega man is 0.3 seconds early when they fight . 
  because of his strict and domineering personality , he wo n't put up with any idle or useless activities . 
  he tends not to even speak if he thinks it will waste time . 
  and though he takes others to task for their lateness , he does n't show any appreciation for ice man 's timeliness . 
  wait this post was n't a joke about beards ? 
  people are seriously comparing the graphics in this thread based on a cinematic trailer ? 
  if you google just the video id you find other people discussing the song so yeah , it 's the truth . 
  not russian but the first friday of 7th grade was the first time i got drunk . 
  all the cool kids were drinking all through 7th grade because it was middle school so you were basically an adult . 
  and when i say cool kids i mean like almost half the students in the school . 
  in my experience csgo is more, 
  `` fuck you '', 
   flirting, 
   hostile, 
  oh it 's gambling for sure but if you google betting the first definition is, 
   sports betting is the activity of predicting sports results and placing a wager on the outcome . 
  it is generally considered to be a form of gambling . 
  imo that is betting , not all forms of gambling are betting, 
  yeah . 
  it says . 
  have you ever seen an infomercial ? 
  well that i 've countered by the fact that i 've never had in-game talk on and i do n't join a game unless there 's a party of 5 but yeah , i do n't doubt you . 
   it is valid to compare the graphics because this is all we have to compare with . 
  more like `` there 's no point to compare the graphics yet because this is all we have to compare with '', 
  haha that 's me though i did have a gamecube between ps2 and 360 . 
  i 'm just like you with ps1 being my first console , then ps2 , then a psp except i also had a gamecube simultaneously . 
  then 360 and ps4 . 
  honestly i ca n't even remember why i ever got rid of my ps2 . 
  i know i only sold my ps1 because ps2 was backwards compatible and i bought the gamecube because i played smash at a friends house and it was only 99 $ . 
  but i have no clue what happened to the ps2 . 
  i never disliked it and it was the only dvd player i ever owned so it really is a mystery why i got rid of it . 
  for me 360 is the console i 'll probably remember most fondly . 
  i got mine in 2008 for pretty cheap and i modded it . 
  so for about 4 years until they fixed their copy protection i played every game that came out . 
  in 2008 only two of my friends had 360 's and we 'd gather over at their place to play fifa and nhl . 
  by 2010 maybe 15 of my friends had bought one as prices dropped . 
  wherever i went we played 360 . 
  ads were never an issue , maybe because i did n't use any of the apps and had boot to disc on so i barely even saw the start menu . 
  i bought a ps4 because the 360 hardware was so old and the ps4 seemed amazing on paper but after the initial hype it was collecting dust for over 6 months until bloodborne came out . 
  i know the library will grow but i doubt i 'll ever have as much of a bond with it as i did with the 360 . 
  it was honestly an emotional moment when i put that thing away in the attic a few months ago . 
  yeah if 2013 e3 was that announcement where everything went wrong then that 's the moment i changed to ps4 hype train too . 
  luckily all my friends agreed , we just had this sort of discussion one day `` what system are we getting nextgen '' . 
  not that it really matters because sadly we 're all in our mid twenties now so no more daily video game gatherings . 
   i had a lot of issues with using microsoft and trying to remove my credit/debit card from their system . 
  they were unwilling to remove it and unwilling to stop charging me for the 360 live membership . 
  yeah i never gave ms my credit card because i had heard how difficult it is to cancel . 
  for 6 years i just bought the prepaid cards online , they were actually cheaper too . 
  in finland i pay 9 $ a month for 100/20 :\\ ^ ), 
  people associate a lot of the stuff that happened in the early 2000s as the stereotypical `` 90s '' things . 
  just like a lot of things that are stereotypical `` 80s '' were actually early 90s . 
  til tom green actually had a talk show at some point, 
  not true . 
  the same thing applies even further into history like the `` 60s '' hippie things mostly happening in the 70s etc. 
  it 's no wonder my brothers friends and my uncles loved me sitting on their lap wiggling my little behind . 
  i remember the first time i sat on mark 's lap and i felt a boy get hard . 
  i 'm sure they all got a little hard , but he wanted me to feel it . 
  he looked at my cute little face as he wiggled back underneath of me , making me giggle . 
  i felt his hardness hitting my lil girl button and he turned me around so i could ride the bucking horse . 
  every time he bounced me up i loved feeling him press into my lil honey pot to thrust me up . 
  we started playing this game a lot , especially when he slept over . 
  i 'll never forget the night we all layed under a blanket to watch a scary movie . 
  i loved getting to hang out with my older brother and all of his friends . 
  want to hear all the things they made me do under the covers ? 
  more than political correctness i 'm shocked of all these people who know this celebrity gossip bullshit . 
  i had to google who she is just to get the joke . 
  i 'm pretty sure the parking block spinning it is like the only reason everyone is upvoting this post . 
  i do n't know about you but i 've never used lube for vaginal sex . 
  i always thought that was an elderly thing when the parts do n't work that well anymore . 
   i wish she would laugh it off instead of being embarrassed, 
  you see her reaction for like 2 seconds . 
  i do n't really think it 's enough to judge whether she laughed it off or not . 
  i 'm pretty sure most people have never worked in food service . 
  that is a ridiculous assumption . 
  i know one person who 's worked in a restaurant and even that was a summer job in middle school . 
  it 's even more fun when you do start reffing and realize how little teams protesting or signaling actually affects your decision . 
  are you sure it 's a difference in rules and not just the skill of the referees ? 
  that could 've easily been called offside on any level of play , even top european leagues or the world cup . 
  i 've never heard of regional differences to football rules like hockey has for example . 
  like good enough friends to know all their past summer jobs etc ? 
  probably around 25 . 
  i know three of them worked as supermarket cashiers as teenagers but that does n't count as food service , right ? 
  also i did n't say anything about a vast majority . 
  the comment i responded to sounded shocked that someone has n't worked in food service in their life . 
  i simply responded that i doubt most people have . 
  not really imo , he was completely still and not going for the ball . 
  the defenders thinking he was interfering with the play is their own mistake . 
  but i do understand why someone would think the opposite . 
  yeah i 'm not american and we probably do n't have nearly as many fast food joints everywhere over here so that can definitely make a difference . 
  well technically it will run at 1080p 30fps on pc . 
  it will run at a lot more as well but i 'm sure you can lock it to 30fps if that 's what you desire . 
  well some tv 's are advertised at ridiculous hertz values like 1000hz etc. 
  so it is understandable why someone would actually believe it . 
  well some tv 's are advertised at ridiculous hertz values like 1000hz etc. 
  so it is understandable why someone would actually believe it . 
  fo4 was announced for pc from the start . 
  dark souls was n't . 
  it was a successor to demon 's souls which was a ps3 exclusive but it was so popular on consoles in the west that later on they did a ( crappy ) pc port .
