   explored a good amount of each map, 
  i play co-op with a few friends and we all like to search and kill absolutely everything . 
  well it 's the same pretty much regardless of the game but especially diablo because that way you get the best loot . 
  and diablo is all about loot . 
  i believe the xp boosts in equipment only count for youself so with the help of those you can pass somebody, 
  in diablo if you leave any stone unturned it 's rushing but whatever you can play like you want i do n't really care, 
  i would n't really call finland beating usa in world championships an upset, 
  google did n't give me the teams records against each other but wc results for last 15 years :, 
  usa, 
  1997 - finished in 6th place, 
  1998 - finished in 12th place, 
  1999 - finished in 6th place, 
  2000 - finished in 5th place, 
  2001 - finished in 4th place, 
  2002 - finished in 7th place, 
  2003 - finished in 13th place, 
  2004 - won bronze medal, 
  2005 - finished in 6th place, 
  2006 - finished in 7th place, 
  2007 - finished in 5th place, 
  2008 - finished in 6th place, 
  2009 - finished in 4th place, 
  2010 - finished in 13th place, 
  2011 - finished in 8th place, 
  finland, 
  1997 5th place, 
  1998 silver, 
  1999 silver, 
  2000 bronze, 
  2001 silver, 
  2002 4th place, 
  2003 5th place, 
  2004 6th place, 
  2005 7th place, 
  2006 bronze, 
  2007 silver, 
  2008 bronze, 
  2009 5th place, 
  2010 6th place, 
  2011 gold, 
  the olympic u.s team tends to be much better, 
  finland won the preliminary group with a draw and avoided canada in the knockout rounds or something, 
  idk i 've played d3 for about 35 hours now and had zero server issues . 
  i waited until the morning after the release and everything has worked perfectly ** except ** for the goddamn daily updates . 
  but at least they make sure i get some sleep . 
   if you ever played 1 or 2 and did n't like the gameplay , you will definitely not like d3 . 
  i got d2 after some friend circle jirked around it in middle school . 
  did n't like it , played maybe 10 hours . 
  absolutely loving d3 . 
  already at over 35 hours . 
   i kinda wanted a completely serious game in d3, 
  i really ca n't understand how someone can have such difficulty understanding this picture and i 'm high as well . 
  i always hated water as a kid , then i started drinking really cold icy water and it actually tasted good . 
  i did n't even want soda any more ( every once in a while is nice of course ) . 
  these days i enjoy any kind of water . 
  actually it 's the same gif twice from different servers, 
  should n't they get the chance to try ? 
  turning high speed chases into live tv entertainment probably is n't such a genius idea either, 
  i guess i 've just gotten lucky or have the right kind of spells against a treasure goblin because i 've killed well over 90 % of them ( now on nightmare ), 
  7 sided strike is n't too bad with teleport and 1077 % either . 
  i just keep blinding them and dashing and rooting -  primary -  dashroot -  primary . 
  they never get away . 
  i do n't know if this still works but at least when annotations were new adding one less than a second before the end made the video loop . 
  throwing a rock at someone covered by a hood takes less guts than at a human face, 
  because it 's clouding all the other quality content available on r/funny ? 
  there were a bunch in the comments of the original pictures :, 
  i think this is actually more impressive than the `` in just 16 seasons '' ones . 
  the only reason football is played around the globe is because it 's really cheap . 
  all you need is two trees and a ball . 
  compared to the cost of an ice rink for example . 
  i 'm pretty sure tag is played around the world as well, 
  yes but which parts of the world actually get enough ice for natural large smooth surfaces ? 
  let me think , canada , parts of usa , russia , finland , sweden . . iceland ? 
  well maybe because it 's a game , not a sport ? 
  it 's a sport, 
  finland beat us before losing to russia and canada was eliminated by slovakia . 
  what is this sorcery . 
  ok so soccer is a game as well ? 
  who cares ? 
  it does n't make tag a sport . 
  i think `` really cool but just a little weird '' pretty much describes the entire city of barcelona . 
  las ramblas area especially . 
  \\  you do n't need to use that hipster font, 
  purple as well , 
  it 's not about the spacing . 
  it 's being the alternative , less often used font . 
  yeah because the u.s should compete with yemen or china . 
  do n't ever spend new years in barcelona . 
  they have this tradition where they smash every empty bottle to the ground . 
  by 9 or 10pm the entire rambla was closed as a wall of glass about a foot tall had piled up for the full lenght of the street . 
  i 've heard of beaking glass at new years before but i spent my last new years in madrid and nobody and aside from a few drunken hooligans nobody was smashing bottles . 
  apparently it 's a barcelona thing . 
   what do you guys think will be the future pre-order benefits ? 
  abstinence only has increased teenage pregnancy in those states, 
  i never really tought about how risky smoking trees in america can be . 
  yeah the ticket is about the same as here but where as i 'd still get to go to school for free just like anybody else over there it could destroy your dreams of getting a decent education . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  i 'll gladly discuss the game , not some little trinkets you get for paying beforehand . 
  besides pre-order `` bonuses '' along with day one dlc are the cancer of gaming . 
  you might think you 're getting something extra by pre-ordering but really everone else is just getting a little less .
