  why did people ever watch this guy ? 
  why was he ever a celebrity on this sub ? 
  i 've never seen him on twitch or youtube or anywhere else but for the past 4 years i 've constantly seen his name pop up on my reddit front page for some obscure reason, 
  i doubt ea 's money noticeably affects what the average dice employee makes . 
  yes, 
  honestly i ca n't tell if this trailer is for nhl 16 , 15 , 13 or 2006, 
  it 's the same fucking video every year, 
  why would you want them to avoid an awkward situation ? 
  yeah it 's amazing how barely a minute long video forced me to pause and gather my strenght three times, 
  he says it 's wood and it looks like wood to me, 
  i want to know what somebody who calls themself `` throatzilla '' looks like, 
  to be fair if i lived anywhere near that i 'd definitely choose that spot as well . 
  nice view , easily accessible and looks pretty unlikely to fail . 
  not just that it 's a swedish company and it 's a company of 500 people . 
  it 's not 5 guys that ea is paying millions to keep making battlefield . 
  sweden has very low income disparity and their salaries are likely determined by some worker 's union agreement or similiar . 
  i 'm sure the ceos and the department heads have gotten some nice bonuses but most of the 500 + workers of dice are not ceos and lead designers . 
  they 're just people working for a company that got purchased by another company . 
  the particular incident was n't really about whether or not usher put on a good show . 
  ms was trying to force kinect really hard that year and spent basically their entire segment talking only about kinect games while the majority of the e3 audience disliked kinect already . 
  then when it finally appeared to be over usher showed up and started performing . 
  to people who could n't care less about usher and were already starting to get antsy over all the kinect shit . 
  there 's an audience that likes usher and there 's an audience that likes casual kinect games and i 'm sure those two intersect somewhere but that place is not e3 . 
  i do n't know i kinda found that funny, 
  glad to see i 'm not the only one who only got one pick `` right '' . 
  sure but it 's a lot harder to control the soil and the nutrient levels etc. 
  in a field than it is in a little box or even a water setup where you can monitor the levels in real time . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible to grow good weed outdoors but it 's certainly more difficult . 
  this comic feels like it was written and drawn long before this years e3 . 
  i 'm not saying this year was perfect or anything but it has a certain beating a dead horse vibe to it . 
  i do n't know why the downvotes , i also get a picture of a dinosaur and i 'm on a computer . 
  i think decoys are perfectly acceptable form of fake flashes along with throwing your sidearm etc, 
  they 're even worse because they make the same bouncing sound . 
  seaside was absolute garbage, 
  are these pictures supposed to show that 1.6 d2 is superior ? 
  because that 's like the opposite of what they do . 
  i do n't see any clutter and the csgo version looks even easier on the eyes than the 1.6 version . 
  and i 've played since beta so i 'm not more used to the new one . 
  how did your parents even find out the n64 av cables died ? 
   at the very least , you could go pull ram sticks out of them . 
  and do what with them ? 
  unless you 're interested in having your own makeshift server farm i ca n't imagine what you would do with an assortment of different size/speed ram sticks . 
  the first time i set a site to fullscreen it asks whether i want to allow it and on subsequent it wo n't ask again about allowing it , but it still does show the youtube.com is now fullscreen message every single time which is what i think op was referring to . 
  i get the point of the message on a new site but what 's the `` very good reason '' to show it every single time on a site that 's already manually allowed by the user ? 
  speak for yourself , i never begged blizzard for skins in multiplayer . 
  why is he yelling, 
  but if it shows the source anyhow for unauthorized fullscreen operations would n't that be sort of unnecessary ? 
  if i click `` fullscreen '' on youtube and the source is youtube.com then i 'm fine with it . 
  if it was n't youtube.com the `` allow ? '', 
  pop-up would appear anyway since i have n't authorized that phishing website . 
  yeah except i would 've liked to see the entire thing in real time afterwards . 
  i buy and use skins in other games . 
  sc2 is one of those games where i have a zero tolerance for visual clutter . 
  not all mods add content . 
  for me the most important mod of fo : nv was the one that removed invisible walls from cliffs . 
  those things were really fucking irritating in the base game and i would definitely recommend the mod for anyone even on a first playthrough . 
  it does n't change the game , it just makes it more enjoyable to play . 
  console players who are n't used to mods often think of them like mini-expansions they can do without but small tweaks like that are the real reason many people praise mod support . 
  instead of waiting for months or forever for an official fix it just takes 2 minutes to install a mod . 
  but why ? 
  i get playing first playthrough as vanilla but if you 're gon na get it on pc eventually why would you ever get it on ps4 in the first place ? 
  sure neither has mods at launch , but it 's not like the ps4 version is better in any way . 
  it 's just not as much worse at launch . 
  depends on the definition of `` good '' . 
  i got what i consider a `` good '' pc 6 months ago and it was 1400 $, 
  not a flashy `` top of the line '' pc but one with carefully selected good value for price parts ( 970gtx , no name ssd , no name ram etc. ), 
  it 's able to play current games at max settings but i would n't be surprised if a year from now it could n't . 
  except it 's not always about money . 
  the xbone is basically a computer running windows . 
  the ps4 is a computer too and unlike ps3 it has similiar architecture to pc 's but it 's still not a windows pc . 
  porting a pc game to ps4 is like porting a game to mac , where as the xbone requires no port as it 's a windows based machine . 
  if you care about mods why pick one of the two compromises instead of pc which will definitely get the best and most mods ? 
  yeah not including bloorborne i have n't started up my ps4 in 2015 . 
  it 's a great game and almost worth buying the system alone but i 'm still a little disappointed despite never having high hopes for 2015 ps4 releases . 
  go away with your sense and reason , this is a fanboy subreddit . 
  but why pay for two versions when you can just pay for the superior one ? 
  i 'd understand if the ps4 release was first or something but i do n't get why anyone who 's planning to eventually get it on pc would n't get it on pc at launch . 
   you 'd be insane to not play the game like devs intended it, 
  except a lot of mods are small bug fixes/ui tweaks and not major overhauls or additional quests etc. 
  if you can mod an annoying thing out 12 hours after launch and then 2 weeks later it 's fixed in an official patch is that not `` how the devs intended it to be played '' ? 
   as good as a ssd is it is cheaper to buy and hdd so you can save money there and ram is n't too expensive , you only need about 6 gigs, 
  yeah our definition of `` good '' is certainly different . 
  an ssd and 10 + gigs of ram are a necessity in my mind if you 're buying a pc in 2015 . 
  your good seems to be `` the absolute minimum that will run modern games at medium settings '' . 
  the whole idea of waiting for downloads overnight is very 1998 to me . 
  100mbit connections have been pretty common over here since ~ 2005 . 
  i pay 9 $ a month for mine, 
   what you want is not a good computer but one that will destroy everything in its wake, 
  no i do n't . 
  for me that 's like a titan x sli or something ridiculous like that with no expenses spared . 
  my 4790k , 970gtx , 16gb is what i consider a `` good '' computer . 
  carefully picked parts with price in mind to have a good pc that does n't choke with any games . 
  what you 're describing is a `` decent '' or `` okay '' pc that definitely does n't run everything without a problem , has crappy load times due to the hdd and will struggle a lot even a year from now . 
  i was n't talking about xbox one , i was talking about pc . 
   i 'd rather rely on hotfixing from the dev . 
  this is n't 2008 . 
  haha good luck with that . 
  hotfixing has only gotten slower since 2008 , especially if not on pc . 
  ms and sony both charge devs money for game updates and have their own `` cerfitiface '' programs the patches have to go through so the devs do n't want to release a patch every time they fix something , they wait until they get a bunch of fixes and then release it as one update . 
  nice straw man you got there .
