  i like how it seems you drank all the beer and then refilled the bottle with water to take this pic . 
  i remember seeing a tv show about some company that filmed japanese porn in japan and shipped it back to united states for editing and printing and then sold it back to japan because imported porn does n't have the same restrictions japanese porn does . 
  imported porn filmed in japan with japanese actresses . 
  this scene is better than 99 % of ncis . 
  if this is the first thing you see you 're more likely to watch more episodes than if you saw pretty much anything else . 
  it 's terrible . 
  probably , but they also did that in csi . 
  i remember the episode . 
  probably a small town, 
  i thought by the end of the montage walt would 've aged to become mike and jesse had been young walt all along . 
  how the fuck ? 
  where i live ncis is a 7pm or a 11.30 program . 
  you know the shit they show before or after the hit shows ? 
  i never realized it was actually popular . 
  i always hate it when i run into middle schoolers on my reddit, 
  filter preferences -  [ ] allow some non-intrusive advertising, 
  i unchecked it once when this announcement was first made like 3-4 months ago . 
  just peeked at the settings for the first time since and it was still unchecked , everything up to date . 
  have n't seen any ads either . 
  i on the other hand do n't feel like i have to `` justify '' or explain myself to anyone . 
  i 'd block them even if they were n't obnoxious . 
  never ever have i thought to myself `` wow this site is better with ads '' , no matter how `` non-intrusive '' they were . 
  filter preferences, 
  so because it 's `` just one shitty ad '' it 's ok ? 
  maybe you 've never seen anything that is n't shit ? 
  i do n't know , just a suggestion . 
  it 's hard to imagine any other reason for anyone to enjoy ncis . 
  implying that 's what i was implying, 
  \\  i 'm a virgin and i want it to stay that way, 
  well that 's understandable . 
  never stop being so silly and entertaining in your hypocrisy . 
  does anyone here actually believe she 's gon na `` make it '' ? 
  do we still upvote because that 's what baby jesus would do ? 
  hell yea !, 
  i rarely ever go to the actual subreddit , so judging by my front page about 50 % of the / r/gaming posts i see are complaints about r/gaming . 
  evolution implies they 've actually changed something since the 90s, 
  it looks absolutely terrible . 
  the worst big budget large company manufactured controller i 've ever seen ( compared to products of it 's time ) . 
  luckily i do n't give a shit how it looks as long as it feels good in my hand . 
  wo n't make me lie about it 's ugliness though . 
  i 've seen a controller ( microsoft sidewinder something i think ) that was very similiarly shaped . 
  it was absolutely horrible . 
  i do n't see that as ruthless . 
  i would n't want an employee who left his confidential work items just lying around for anyone to videotape . 
  especially since they should know about the nda and all the secrecy that goes with unreleased video game consoles . 
  i know kids love vidya , but not only did he/she show the unfinished confidential work in progress to him they left the kid unattended with it . 
  no shit it 's going to be leaked . 
  every kid these days has a video camera and if it was n't gon na go to the internet straight away it would be 24 hours max until one of his friends or friends ' friends uploaded it . 
  i honestly ca n't bring myself to feel bad for him/her . 
  the fact that pausing cutscenes was the most useful feature of the guide/dashboard of the 360 really speaks a lot . 
  i 've owned a 360 for around 7 years now , i love it , i play it all the time . 
  but the os has always been shit . 
  and whenever they try to update it it always gets worse . 
  i 've never wanted any of the `` features '' ( = ads ) on there . 
  if the guide had all the settings menus i probably could 've lived to this day without ever seeing the dashboard . 
  yea well that 's a shitty replacement . 
  i do n't want to turn off and then resume from standby when i 'm taking a sip of water and do n't want to risk the cutscene ending abruptly . 
  i 've been using snow leopard and mountain lion at the same time on 2 different computers for about a year now ( since the release of ml ) . 
  i really , really prefer snow leopard . 
  i would 've kept using it except that last month i had to upgrade my other computer to ml too because of some `` compability '' bullshit ( aka . 
  forcing me to update by `` no longer supporting '' even though there was no actualy reason it could n't run on older os ) . 
  i must say i really dislike the changes . 
  it 's feels much more geared towards ios users and much less `` i 've used os x for 10 years and know all the little tricks '' . 
  the update totally screwed how i 've set up my computer in every day usage . 
  even the spaces do n't work anymore . 
  but if i was a 60 year old granma it 'd probably look less threatening which is exactly what i want in my twenties . 
  so you 're honestly amazed by a standby feature ? 
  you do realize this has been common on any computer or even a mac for over a decade ? 
  even the handheld psp had this 10 years ago . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  and it 's not a replacement for the pause feature . 
  no actually i registered for the sole purpose of getting rid of / r/atheism and / r/politics . 
  things are n't `` right '' or `` wrong '' . 
  this is n't kindergarten . 
  this is real world . 
  there is no good or evil , no black and white . 
  however there is `` annoying '' . 
  there are wastes of bandwidth . 
  there is shit i 'd rather not see , and i do n't stop to think `` is this inherently wrong ? '', 
  when i feel like it . 
  it 's so you wo n't have to swap disks . 
  next gen consoles do n't use dvd 's like the 360 though . 
  i do n't know if there 's going to be * that much * more installing in the near future . 
  maybe when the next gen consoles are 8 years old themselves . 
  no it is n't . 
  that 's like saying the kinect 2.0 is a replacement for the xbox controller . 
  it is n't , they 're for different things entirely . 
  i read the original post . 
  i appreciate the work you put into it , but this is simply a bad idea . 
  the build speed stuff was the final nail in the coffin . 
  we do n't talk about the vegas crap . 
  maybe because fans of `` less manly '' sports tend to avoid the issue more ? 
  i agree it 's a pointless circlejerk but i can see why it 'd be more prevalent among fans of a sport like hockey . 
  it is n't , but many hockey fans ( including myself ) used to play the game ourselves . 
  so when i `` challenge '' you to show that you do n't only watch shit you mention lost and got ? 
  wow . 
  i actually just found out people like it itt . 
  every time it 's come on when i 'm visiting friends or we just see an ad or something i 've found the feedback to be 100 % negative . 
  i realized someone out there must like it since they make new episodes but i never realized it was `` popular '' . 
  he mad,
