  you think it would be better to repost this in a way that does n't break the rules where as us non-autistic folk understand that it 's simpler to just let it slide and keep discussing the demo rather than to have another post serving the exact same purpose and starting the conversation all over again . 
  classic controls allow you to use about 10 % of the games mechanics anyway . 
  they 're like riding with training wheels while you 're friends have bmx bikes . 
  you should really learn to play with the default controls . 
  well the fine tuning of the pass assists is something that they rarely pay attention to in the demo . 
  usually they change it to release and then change it again in the patches pretty soon after release once they actually see the game in action . 
  you ca n't playtest how the general public will play the game . 
  usually nhl games are the best from around christmas when they get the balance right until the next release when it 's all fucked up again . 
  i would n't call autistic people retarded , but yes . 
  in finland probation is the typical sentence for rape . 
  and i do n't mean `` i 'm 14 and regret having sex '' rape . 
  i mean an assault that includes a penis . 
  we do n't understand it either . 
  another one of them . 
  nothing wrong with it . 
  i did n't say it was wrong . 
  i just said i got a junkie vibe off of people who are really into dabs . 
   it 's not about enforcing rules just because they exist, 
  that 's exactly what it 's about . 
  it 's about creating a new post to serve the exact same purpose but `` technically correct '' . 
  the actual content people care about , the comments , are unaffected . 
  other than having to start the entire discussion all over again . 
  it 's practicality vs. enforcing the rules because they are rules . 
  i 'm not against the rule . 
  i think it 's an excellent rule . 
  i do n't want to see memes on this subreddit . 
  however in this particular case i 'm ready to let it slide because i prefer practicality over pricinples . 
  i 've never seen a captcha on reddit . 
  maybe while registering ? 
  e. never mind , apparently the script registers a new account for each vote . 
  but why ? 
  usually when someone `` cheats '' their way to the front page it 's to advertise something . 
  but these are just generic `` funny pictures '' . 
  you can see the time in the bottom right part of the screen . 
  there was no break . 
  dad pls, 
  well fiskars are the best scissors out there so it could be worse . 
  if you 're a middle schooler asking : yes , and the spoon test as well . 
  if you 're an adult : no we did n't . 
  a can of coke every weekday , or one 1,5 l bottle a week . 
  one 1,5 l bottle a week is pretty damn normal at least for teenagers and young adults . 
  i 'd say it 's in the lower end of the spectrum but of course there are a lot of adults and elderly who drink none also included in the average . 
  since when is one end of the legend considered more `` normal '' than the other ? 
  i do n't see any difference in 50-99 and 99-50 . 
  usually in maps like these the higher value is `` on top '' , whether it 's good or bad . 
  yeah and there 's no punishment for being caught drinking underage , so being 18 only matters while you 're in the store ( or trying to get in a bar ) . 
  typical teenagers start drinking around 14-16 . 
  it was n't that rare at 12-13 either . 
  i remember going out the first friday of middle school ( 7th grade ) and almost half the school was out drinking . 
  what ? 
  i never said reposting shit was good . 
  i just did n't understand why he was doing it , if not for financial gain . 
  e. oh i get it , you thought my `` buy why ? '', 
  was as to why people get mad when actually it was a response to `` this bot has been running for 10 months '' . 
  exactly . 
  i believe it 's purposefully left vague . 
  well bc2 had the next map , but it did n't have a quit button until you loaded into the game . 
  what 's the downstem made of ? 
  is that bowl glass ? 
  i would n't recommend using a plastic straw , and especially having it touch the bowl which can really heat up . 
  it 's probably relatively safe , but i would change that straw if i could . 
  how would it be less of a surprise if you saw what it was before picking it up ? 
  the surprise factor would be exactly the same , only you would n't keep picking up broken long swords and other shit that you have no use for . 
  no big deal . 
  i was never able to tell zerg colors apart anyway . 
  people do, 
  what 's the deal with people complaining about min.us ? 
  every time a gif gets posted from there 50 % of the comments are complaints about how slow it loads . 
  however , i 've never had any issues with it . 
  this gif for example loads faster than it plays ( meaning no buffering or stuttering ) . 
  maybe it 's just that they 're north american servers are under a lot of stress ( i 'm from northern europe ) , or simply that many people have shitty connections and do n't understand that min.us is used to host large files . 
  could be both . 
  well that is certainly better , but i 'd still try to eliminate all plastic from any sort of a smoking device . 
   a fatal heart disease after a rather funny opening scene involving said disease . 
  what ? 
  while i agree season 5 skyler is n't a bitch that still does n't make up for seasons 1-4 skyler . 
  especially 2 & 3 . 
  i do n't even care about the [ cheating ] ( / spoiler ) or any of that . 
  it 's just that so much of the airtime is devoted to her skyler problems that i do n't give a shit about . 
  i understand how it affects walt and how it 's reasonable to [ have a `` meltdown '' when you find out about your husband being a drug dealer ] ( / spoiler ) etc. 
  etc. , but seriously skyler 's whining and boring problems and overall bitchiness is the only reason i have n't rewatched the series . 
  i always feel like it 's a good idea until i remember skyler ( and marie for that matter ) . 
  god damn wives dragging the show down . 
  and you 're only in the first season . 
  it gets worse . 
  a lot worse . 
  are you even allowed to watch breaking bad ? 
  then again i think i was 11 when i saw oz . 
  carry on . 
  i was n't questioning a heart disease being fatal but a `` funny opening scene involving fatal heart disease '', 
  i 'm not saying her reaction was unjustified . 
  it 's just that watching her reaction on television did n't interest or entertain me . 
  to be honest the acting was so bad i enjoyed the pic more than the video . 
  one more role i 've disliked kutcher in . 
  i do n't know . 
  depends on the definition of `` one of the best '' . 
  i would n't necessarily disagree if someone claimed it to be in the top 100 . 
  i think it 's a very good movie . 
  much better than it looks on paper . 
  i like the multiple endings as well .
