  i 've often thought about the same before . 
  weed is the closest to childhood joy i can get these days . 
  even my interests and ideas are on the same level :p, 
  yeah i do n't clear my history or use incognito . 
  i have my own computer so why the fuck would i not keep a record of good porn videos/names . 
  great news !, 
  this way i wo n't have to play it . 
  win-win for everyone . 
  yeah you can . 
  we call them nintendo eyes . 
  but i agree she knows . 
  i tie my shoes maybe once in every two months . 
  i actually still do the dual loop thing they taught in kindergarten because i tie them so rarely i 've had no reason to learn anything better . 
  i disagree . 
  that pizza looks even better . 
   no benefit, 
  this is how you can tell someone who has n't even tried smoking . 
  do n't get me wrong i do n't smoke and think it 's stupid but there definitely is a benefit . 
  it feels good . 
  and it 's relaxing . 
  i 've never shat my pants . 
  i came close in the 3rd grade or so running home but i had brand new pants on so about 100feet to my front door when i simply could n't hold it in anymore and felt poop starting to come out i pulled my pants down and pooped in my hand . 
  true story . 
  well i do n't smoke , but occasionally do smoke a single cigarette and enjoy it greatly . 
  i would go as far as arguing it 's actually the complete opposite , once you start smoking the enjoyment goes down as you develop a tolerance for nicotine . 
  using the name jimmy rustles while rustling jimmies ( for example the chili 's post a week ago ) is funny . 
  using it in a random context like this is n't . 
  probably the best pic i 've seen on / r/boltedontits, 
   they should 've tazed him and not put themselves in harm 's way . 
  i think she did taze him, 
  i suggest you get a smaller house . 
  my computer is always connected to the tv . 
  it 's like a second screen to watch movies and tv shows from . 
  i 've seen bunch of videos where people simply rip of police tazers while getting electrocuted . 
  afgani soldiers can keep charginh and fighting after several gunshot wounds due to opiates blocking their pain receptors . 
  do n't underestimate the power of bath salts and whatever else this guy might have taken . 
  that 's what you get for not rehosting : /, 
  is it bad that [ this picture ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_uxxtcpkekia/ss2kbq6vkci/aaaaaaaagjs/ho5aqjgkvtc/s400/testicles.jpg ) is the first one i thought of after seeing that, 
  i think quickscoping in itself would be fine , but the aim assists should n't help out with it . 
  that 's the reason it 's so op . 
  you should still be able to quickscope but the assists for snipers should be turned way down/off . 
  does n't work in finland, 
  i 'm more interested in the ass train, 
  i always thought it was rosebuds, 
  everyone has, 
  why is it everytime i 've browsed r/hockey this offseason it 's bad news, 
  8 bucks for renting a movie ? 
   aug 1 , 2011, 
  thought i had seen this before . 
  it was the diving under the stick thing that gave it away . 
  why does that raise a flag ? 
  non-american but i understand what a fifth year junior means . 
  are you afraid of a bad influence like moms deciding who their little kids play with or what ? 
  / r/trees is like a cool spider with a deep voice ? 
  so the game is antisocial because the general chat and public games are bad ? 
  dude , i think you 're antisocial . 
  get some friends . 
  i 've never had a problem with finding good company to play with . 
  i do n't even want to try public games or actually having a conversation on general chat . 
  this would had been ok by nhl rules, 
  actually it 's not . 
  the high stick rule is the same in the iihf . 
  they looked at this a dozen times before actually accepting the goal . 
  the puck left the stick while the blade was still on level with/lower than the crossbar . 
  it only goes over the crossbar after the puck crosses the line . 
  nowhere near as elegant though . 
  this is not the entire clip but he skates past 2 russian defenders and then just scoops it up in full speed . 
  the uom and other similiar goals all either stopped first or used a second motion to flick the puck up . 
  this was all in one motion . 
  no not really . 
  and i 'm glad to hear it 's important to you because i just downvoted this post . 
  this is not how gonewild works . 
  you take your clothes off , post a pic and we upvote it . 
  that 's it . 
  not the other way around . 
  preferences -  do n't show links after i 've liked them ( except my own ), 
  do n't show links after i 've disliked them ( except my own ), 
  glad to hear that, 
  that 's not such a bad price tbh, 
  yeah finnish ipod/iphone chargers work just fine on american iphones and vice versa . 
  and us chargers work with an adapter ( like $ 6 at any airport ), 
  i had never watched his videos before . 
  just did . 
  how the fuck does this guy have a billion views when there are actually good players and funny commentators on youtube ? 
  seconded . 
  i just wanted to punch that guy in the face through the monitor . 
  the so-called rwj reaction . 
  i did n't know youtubers had hired writers, 
  just because it 's supposed to be entertaining does n't mean he 's not actually a shitty gamer . 
  i mean most people in the world are . 
   he does prefer to not know how to play the game , for entertainment purposes , so he wo n't look up the game wiki and learn about stuff beforehand, 
  who looks up shit beforehand ? 
  the whole beauty of a new game is learning to play it, 
  this thread has introduced me to both tobuscus and ijustine for the first time . 
  i did n't enjoy either one 's videos . 
  are these things actually popular in some circles ? 
  why are they relevant ? 
  the internet is full of proper entertainment . 
  actually it 's because he left the http : / / out, 
  why would i have to do better ?
