  i 'm one of those who was too busy flinging saw blades and fucking around with physics to even realize it was supposed to be scary . 
  when i think about hl2 and ravenholm all i remember are the puzzles and cutting enemies into pieces with everything . 
  i 'm not strying to say i 'm tough or anything , other games scare the shit out of me , but i never tought for a second that ravenholm was scary . 
  i 'm not sure i 've tried rohtos but i 've tried about 5-8 different kinds of drops and visines make my eyes white as paper in a minute . 
  have n't tried much else since , if it is n't broke etc, 
  his mom does though, 
  yes they are . 
  ca n't remember or link the original story but these pics are taken by police/authorities . 
  where i live there 's actually a law ( for some years now ) that every single household in the country must have access to atleast a 1mbps dsl and for a reasonable price . 
  i do n't know how they force the isp 's to do this but apparently it 's working from what i 've heard . 
  you 're posting a lot of details . 
  do you have the original article ? 
  exactly and even if you do use $ 5k of power a month it 's not a basis for a legal search warrant . 
  stealing electricity probably is . 
  and leds . 
  they 're ridiculously energy efficent compared to the lights in the pic, 
  i have no idea why i watched that for over 15 minutes, 
  nipple piercings are fucking hideous . 
  do n't be fooled by forever alones and white knights who 'll do anything when you posts a picture of a random naked chick and claim to be her . 
  yes they did but my dick says otherwise, 
  well that 's one stupid porn name, 
  or if you do n't want to sound like a character from 18th centure folklore just say `` hui saatana '' or simply swear . 
  finnish people do n't generally mind swearing , it 's ok even in schools etc ( calling your teacher a faggot is n't . 
  but a `` holy fuck ! '', 
  etc is . 
  you probably get the difference ), 
   i 'm not sure what 's worse , extreme `` religion '' or extreme `` atheism '', 
  extreme religion of course . 
  while neither option is desirable one of them does n't require you to be a retard and believe in fairytales . 
  i was an exchange student in michigan . 
  we got `` lots of snow '' ( about 1/3 of what i 'm used to ) and had about 7-8 snow days that year . 
  where i 'm from we do n't even have the concept of a snow day . 
  it 's snow , of course the schools are open . 
  this link was already purple yet i did n't know about his marriage . 
  i wonder what someone else had posted from the bio . 
  no it does n't freak me out that not everybody was born in the same year i was, 
  my sister is born in '93 & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  yes we all get the reference, 
  you cousin really needs to learn how to block a kick, 
  i did n't even realize i remember the tune of that song before reading the comic, 
  i 'm about a week into my t-break and it feels pretty great actually . 
  i 've been trying to get it going for about 2 months now with no success :d, 
  now i just ca n't wait how high i 'll be able to get after a few more weeks, 
  you do realize the faces in that comic are n't hand drawn ? 
  not that i care , but it was pretty ironic, 
  what sort of wizardry is this, 
  [ here 's ] ( http://beachestatelagunareal.com/i-wish-i-was-chillin-on-laguna-beach.html ) the same link without the stumbleupon bullshit but you do deserve more upvotes, 
  you need to smoke more weed, 
  how do you buy $ 48.62 of weed from a dealer ? 
  dogs are a superior animal in every way . 
  fuck cats . 
  seriously . 
  i browse r/trees daily and r/iama never yet i do n't give a fuck about this ama, 
  nice job . 
  i recommend you cross-post it to [ r/stonerengineering ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/stonerengineering/ ), 
  that 's called a waterfall but i would n't waste a glass bottle for this as a plastic one works just as well . 
  where as in a bong glass is ten times better . 
  with jager bottles do you drill to the wide or the narrower side ? 
  that 's a nice idea but i 'm pretty sure the level of engineering and possible circuitry and/or hydraulics this would require is not worth it when you can just manually empty the mflb into any bong, 
  i realize that but if you 're gon na drill a sweet looking glass bottle you might as well turn it into a bong . 
  a waterfall is fun to use every now and then but it 's nowhere near as practical as a proper bong and like i said you wo n't notice a difference vs. plastic unlike in a bong . 
  $ 17 for just one drill bit ? 
  i was just looking at these online and found some for $ 2 - $ 5 depending on the size . 
  for 19.99 you could get one with 6 or 7 different sizes, 
  actually i 've read that if you use a non-diamond drill bit you should run it slow but with a diamond one as fast as possible . 
  it 's not a joke . 
  actually [ gunnar ] ( http://www.gunnars.com/products/ ) has been making gaming glasses for a few years now ( i remember seeing these when mw2 was the shit ) . 
  go away with your logic and reason, 
  yeah that 's my excuse every time i hold the door of a strip club open for my wife . . 
  i could . . but it 'd take way too long to be worth it, 
  yeah i mean i 've got a microwave that turns on whenever i want it to but that does n't mean i have infinite pizza rolls, 
  use res and view images in the page . 
  problem solved and reddit experience enhanced . 
  i tried to convert it to a few currencies to see which one it could be and holy fuck is the dollar low again . 
  1 usd = 0.692244 eur, 
  1 eur = 1.44458 usd, 
  all nokia phones too, 
  true, 
  because why would n't you get more weed instead of less weed ? 
  for his mom 's sake i hope not the ceiling cat, 
  having read r/apple and various other apple forums i am so fucking glad i did n't upgrade . 
  honestly i did n't even think about it , lion seemed like crap from the start . 
  it is pretty fucking amazing, 
  i would love to buy that but i do n't live in north america so shipping it would be a bitch : /, 
  the store clerk will probably know what i need though ? 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://reddit.honestbleeps.com ), 
  wow thanks, 
  i hope you told that cunt to go fuck herself, 
  according to google he still has a $ 1 salary . 
   i would like to serve , if the board sees fit , as chairman of the board , director and apple employee . 
  i 'm guessing he 's about to get a raise , 
  yeah, 
  and i laughed when they introduced the `` school of xbox '' with the kinect dashboard update . 
  how can you seriously be such a fucking noob ? 
  it took me 5 seconds to figure this out when i bought my first xbox . 
  you can buy empty spray bottles like this at almost any store that sells either cleaning or gardening supplies . 
  i had one when i was a kid until i pissed everyone off and one morning it was mysteriously broken . 
  but . . you did n't even enlarge the font . 
  you just resized the image . 
  what does that have to do with font size and how is it better than a regular browser resizing it ?
