  firing an 88 from half a mile away though is a more difficult choice . 
  when i watch a tv show i do n't get mad at them for coming up with fake stories for my amusement . 
  i use that same attitude while browsing reddit . 
  yeah well it 's a depressing world . 
  but really , what 's worth dying for ? 
  family and friends ? 
  family and friends are n't tied down either . 
  the only thing you ca n't move are the soil and the buildings . 
  i do n't value either more than my own life . 
  this does n't look like a guy preparing for a court case . 
  it 's more of a `` look what i found '' kind of video 2 minutes after finding plastic in your food , not definitive evidence that took preparation like buying an extra bag of noodles . 
  i think the will to live counts as an emotion , does n't it ? 
  no disrespect towards the man but it sure is a funny coincidence this story pops up on reddit front page the same day the movie about this guy opens on theaters . 
  why are you talking about a refugee camp ? 
  i would n't go to a refugee camp . 
  i 'm an eu citizen , i do n't need any paperwork to move to another eu country . 
  i 'd just rent an apartment like everyone else . 
  i have a fake account that i use to follow attention whores and other hot girls ( that i do n't know in real life ) in case of bikini pics etc but that i would n't want showing up on my profile . 
  about 6 months ago i deleted my main account because i never used it . 
  i still have my 2nd account . 
  yeah that could 've happened . 
  or the company in charge of online marketing for the movie posted this and spambotted it to the top until it attracted enough real voters to stay there for 20 hours . 
  it happens every day and it 's really not that difficult . 
  the first result on google will give you a thousand upvotes for $ 600 . 
  that 's literally nothing in a marketing budget . 
  ok if you 're not a marketing agent i 'd like you to answer this :, 
  in your experience what is the most typical skin color or race or ethnicity for people who behave badly in subway ? 
  no need for an explanation and i wo n't assume it reflects your assumptions of any group of people . 
  it can be a total coincidence . 
  i 'd just like a simple answer based on your experience of working at subway . 
  [  wearing socks at home ] ( http://nappa.kuvat.fi/george.jpg ), 
  ever heard of a vacuum cleaner ? 
  there 's a subreddit for killing women ? 
  i knew about / r/picsofdeadkids and / r/beatingwomen but there 's one for killing as well ? 
  no disrespect to any xhosans but it 's probably just habit and convention . 
  i doubt they find it more difficult than any other letter in their language . 
  for example i 'm finnish and for finnish people it 's almost impossible to learn a natural sounding english r . we simply can not pronounce that letter like you do . 
  i know people who have lived in the states for years and still their r does n't sound like an americans even if they try to . 
  my aunt has lived there for three decades and while her american r is pretty good , it 's definitely distinguishable from her childrens ' who were all born in the u.s. 
   middle aged white men generally do n't, 
  to be fair it does [ go better ] ( http://gifwall.net/gif/gangstat2.gif ) at times . 
  pics or it did n't happen ? 
  another awesome aspect about that film is that it includes no guns whatsoever . 
  there is not a single gunshot nor a gun on screen during the entire movie . 
  what makes it awesome is that i never realized that . 
  i had to go back and watch it again after reading that trivia and it 's correct . 
  little jacob ai n't got shit on ryder, 
  does anyone have that comic of google and evil throughout the years ? 
  i tried and i ca n't find it on google * puts on tinfoil hat *, 
  oh well that sucks . 
  to be fair i 'm not sure if you can see their `` names '' on pc either but seeing as how i 've never thought about it i 'm pretty sure you do . 
  the icons are pretty self explanatory most of the time though . 
  most of the time . 
  pretty much an opposite standpoint , i never watched nor cared about speedruns . 
  little over a year ago i did n't even know the difference between a tas and a regular speedrun , i had seen some youtube videos occasionally which were tas and while i was mildly entertained for 5 minutes i never thought i 'd be interested in anything more than that . 
  and here i am watching my third agqd 24/7 and planning my sleep schedule based on what games are coming up . 
  agqd is not only great in bringing people interested in speedruns together for a good cause , but attracting new people to the scene . 
  yeah i never had to sneak around to have sex or keep the door open when together like i read in reddit . 
  if either of our parents left for the weekend and we 'd have the house for ourselves they 'd just tell us not to break anything , i did n't have to wait and hide until they were gone . 
  instead i remember my gf 's dad teaching me what to do if the water heater did n't work and other household stuff that might come in handy . 
  teenage relationships are expected and most parents believe it 's best to keep an open dialog instead of forcing your kids to hide it . 
  teenagers will do stupid shit whether you allow it or not , it 's better to at least have some idea what 's going on . 
  that being said it 's still pretty awkward eating breakfast with someone 15 minutes after plowing their daughter . 
  especially at that age . 
  yeah idk about iceland but in other northern european countries burning the flag is considered the only correct way to dispose of an old flag, 
   and yet these days you hear people describing a game as unplayable if they do n't have a ping under 100 and 60 + fps . 
  that 's not `` these days '' . 
  cs came out in 1999 . 
  people were picky as hell . 
  even more so than they are today . 
  ping over 20 was considered shit . 
  ping over 50 was unplayable . 
  the only servers any of my friends would connect to were finnish or in worst case swedish . 
  the server we played our matches on had 4 ping to my computer . 
  these days most people do n't complain too much as long as it 's under 100 , thanks to automatic matchmaking etc. 
   sure everyone can , and used to , play with 200 + pings , but you are at a disadvantage . 
  i 'm so glad we got dsl in 1999 . 
  1 mbps motherfucker . 
  not really . 
  cs players were much pickier in 1.0-1 .6 ( 1999-2005ish ) than they are today . 
  with games like cod and battlefield nobody even cares about ping as long as it is n't too much over 100 . 
  cs now has automatic matchmaking that tries to get under 50 but sometimes you have to deal with nearly a hundred . 
  in old cs a decade ago we 'd never play a match with over 50 ping and complain like hell if it was over 25 . 
  our home server had 4 ping . 
  ping over 50 was unplayable, 
   see this is the type of ridiculous hyperbole i was talking about . 
  if a game required < 50 ping to be playable it would never be successful . 
  see people have different definitions of unplayable . 
  ours was that the enemy had any sort of unfair edge . 
  i know i know but we were like 14 when cs was the shit and finland and sweden had really good connections so getting a ping under 10 or 20 was easy . 
  even in public games ase would list servers by country and both countries had dozens if not hundreds of good servers . 
  i still feel the difference at 50 + ping if i play casually . 
  i do n't care enough to quit because of ping anymore though . 
  for 1992 that 's pretty good . 
  it 's called a respawn wave . 
  they do n't make you look at your killer just to force you to admire ther texturing abilities . 
  it still looks cheap, 
  i 'm genuinely amazed someone could fuck up image compression this badly . 
  what tools did you use to create this ? 
  who is this ?
