  get out , sir . 
  more gross really wtf stuff and less silly funny pictures, 
  does she only shoot pics or videos as well ? 
  breaking news . 
  racists exist . 
  reddit must know !, 
  it 's not the highest difficulty , on veteran it wo n't work . 
  it was hardened ( 2nd hardest ) . 
  also that guy stayed in cover the entire time and purposfully let the friendlies do all the work . 
  if you do try to play that level it 's easy to get killed . 
  it 's the first mission , you 're supposed to be just part of the group . 
  i do n't think it 's such a big deal . 
  cod 4 did the same thing with the tanker mission . 
  you can in the first mission of cod 4 , the estionian tanker . 
  it 's even easier , you do n't even have to look for cover like in blops . 
   old fashioned , pc first non corporate shilling journalism, 
  as a pc gamer this sounds like a bunch of biased crap and a horrible source for news or articles, 
   old fashioned , pc first non corporate shilling journalism, 
  as a pc gamer this sounds like a bunch of biased crap and a horrible source for news or articles, 
  keep in mind it 's only the first mission out of the 15 in the game . 
  and like i said as long as you do n't purposfully run back in cover every time enemies come in sight they will shoot you dead . 
  both pc and 360 . 
  ca n't tell about veteran but at least on hardened . 
  you do n't actually have to shoot anyone in that mission . 
  we all did n't . 
  i and people i know purposfully switch the channel any time they show spoilers for any show . 
  i just ca n't understand why someone would willingly watch them . 
  well like figured out that gellar was n't real . 
  as if him not interacting with no-one but travis was n't enough of a clue he was referred to as a `` dark passenger '' many times and they even had that part where dexter 's brother `` stabbed '' the guy but in reality it was dexter . 
  if at that point it was n't clear to you that travis was doing the killings i 'm sorry but you must be retarded . 
  dexter even referred to gellar as travis ' `` dark passenger '' at one point . 
  it was painfully obvious . 
  that and the fact he always looked away right before gellar walked into view and that gellar never interacted with anyone . 
  or the demonstration how imaginary people can kill through the actions of actual people ( dexter and his brother ) . 
  and i barely read anything about the whole thing on the interwebs . 
  do n't subscribe to this subreddit . 
  the waitress scene where gellar did n't even have a cup of coffee in front of him was the first clue i got . 
  probably old news if you read subreddits like this but it was a pretty big giveaway . 
  get drunk in a park . 
  it 's legal in finland and you do n't even need brown bags . 
  i did n't say we in the entire comment, 
  always a great idea, 
  english is my 3rd language, 
  and it 's not just about the achievements . 
  it 's a nice feeling of accomplishment to beat a good game on the hardest difficulty even if there is no achievement for it . 
  i personally care about gamerscore about as little as reddit karma . 
  a lot of games are much more fun with added difficulty . 
  i would n't mind smoking even more . 
  there , i re-evaluated . 
  now what ? 
  a lot of redditors are new to the depths of the internet . 
  if you came from 4chan it 's no big deal . 
  if you came from digg or myspace or wherever the fuck american kids used to spend their time then it might seem kinda strange . 
  well this is why the sad keanu meme exists in the first place . 
  it 's funny because it 's true . 
  not really that funny though . 
  assassinate the president, 
  gameplay not worth a video, 
  commentary is annoying and you sound faggy, 
  have a nice day, 
  i just visited r/getmotivated for the first time and god damn i just remembered why i hate people as a whole, 
  cool story bro, 
  american restaurants . 
  where meals are numbered and you must order from the menu . 
  in finland we were taught cursive in 1st and 2nd grade but have n't used it anywhere since . 
  cursive fucking sucks dick . 
  - european, 
  this is so weird . 
  i live in finland and maybe 1 in 20 of people under the age of 40 use cursive . 
  and almost everyone hates writing and reading it . 
  i personally have n't used cursive since 2nd grade . 
   here in europe everyone writes `` cursive '', 
  definitely not true . 
  do n't know about where you live but in scandinavia cursive is pretty much only for old people . 
  i do n't know anyone who writes in cursive except my mom . 
  it 's not what they 're doing , it 's how they 're doing it . 
  and by how i mean being a fucking douche . 
  it 's the thought that counts, 
  finland, 
  you know those pep talks and motivational speakers and shit they have in schools and in some workplaces that everyone hates more than anything ? 
  that subreddit was like the clich\u00e9 guidebook to those speakers . 
  who would n't find it easier ? 
  it has every hour once instead of twice . 
  that 's because nothing in the comic happened . 
  maybe op joined a gym . 
  there might have even been a muscular guy there but that 's about as far as i 'm willing to believe . 
  also i 've never heard anyone say `` you new bro , have n't seen you before '' in a gym . 
  it 's not like i know anyone who goes to my gym . 
  cool story . 
  now stop writing in all bold . 
  are you certain that 's puma swede ? 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong and you might be right but i 've ... seen a lot of her work and that does n't really look like her . 
  really low !?!? 
  what the fuck america . 
  usually everything over there is so cheap but those prices seem low to you ? 
  also , what kind of internet op ? 
  speed ? 
  limits ? 
  finland . 
  we learned cursive early on too ( kindergarten or 1st grade ) but we stopped using it when we reached 3rd grade .
