  oh yeah i read `` that the law is at 16 '' . 
   i also never implied that you did n't think it was illegal . 
  you said i was trying to rationalize it . 
  if you never implied i did n't think it was illegal then obviously you were taking a moral stand . 
   the way veterans have been treated throughout history has been pretty disgraceful . 
  injured veterans who bleed for their country are seriously in need of one thing : money . 
  seeing as how this is a german veteran and you said `` throughout history '' you clearly are n't talking about just u.s. veterans . 
  finnish veterans are treated great . 
  right now the problem `` veteran organizations '' have is that they have so much money left over from all the money given to them over the years and so little veterans left they do n't know how to spend it all . 
  my grandpa is a veteran and has nothing but good things to say about all the extra medical care and regular spa trips etc. 
  he ( and his non-veteran wife ) have gotten for free for decades . 
   people are pretty desensitized to things on screens anyways . 
  yeah that 's definitely true and a huge difference . 
  seeing a beheading or a fatal accident or something with intestines all over a place hardly evokes a response out of me but when my friend broke his hand so that a bone popped out it was hard to even look at . 
  i ca n't imagine seeing someone beheaded in real life . 
  if by `` camp '' you think of something like band camp then yes . 
  camping outside sleeping in tents and drinking beers from sunrise to sunset is pretty fun . 
  oh yeah i forgot you need friends to do this, 
  to be fair the real / b / has about as many newfriends calling everything faggot this and nigger that . 
  i generally do n't like any tattoos and gaming tattoos even less . 
  but this looks amazing . 
  for free ? 
  no i do n't . 
  you can buy the games at http://www.ruutu.fi/plus/pro and it says they 're viewable anywhere in the world . 
  quick fingers, 
  i still do n't get it, 
  `` not cool '' seems like a moral issue , does it not ? 
  you 're the one who started and argument and kept it going so you ca n't really play that card . 
  i know it 's hard to see the details but in this case i think it 's the lack of details that makes it look even more like a dog . 
  i heard the original tattoo looks more like a bear than it does in this pic . 
  doug was actually a good suggestion , not what i had in mind though . 
  are you implying the entirety of / r/trees is n't filled with 13 year olds and their raging boners ? 
  since when is that a bad thing ? 
  if i have to walk 10km home i 'd much rather be drunk doing it than not . 
  i 'm going to keep playing with 4 star teams only . 
  noble ? 
  the point was the game matches you with other 4 star teams . 
  much more fun than playing against real/barca every fucking game . 
  yeah when you play offline it 's no problem because your mates wo n't keep picking the same 2 teams over and over . 
  it 's online where you ca n't pick 5 stars . 
  i prefer 4 stars anyway because the teams generally have more flaws/specialties instead of having a great player in every position ( also why i hate fut ) . 
  what makes you think i have that ? 
  or stop moving , eat a lot and be the extremely fat bald guy . 
  who said anything about being appealing ? 
  i agree . 
  i rarely even watch porn if it does n't have anal , but in real life it 's about 50/50 while the vagina is less hassle . 
  so vagina wins . 
  but in porn it 's much more aesthetic to watch anal sex , maybe because the vagina is left untouched and `` on display '' while having sex . 
  also anal porn seems to have at least some genuine emotion , at least more than vaginal sex . 
  well at least it 's a response . 
  half the time watching porn i have a feeling the actress does n't even notice the penis sliding in . 
  taking drugs is not the same as being drugged . 
  why would they be pressured to take drugs that make their performance worse ? 
  you 're implying the porn producers are some james bond style villains who care more about being evil than they do about making money via a better quality product . 
  i 've seen documentaries about the porn industry and i have no doubt a lot of the performers are on drugs . 
  most of the former porn actresses are n't too proud of what they did . 
  i do n't mean the 1 % `` porn stars '' who are almost like movie stars and can sell products just with their names . 
  i mean the women who did one or two videos for max hardcore or something when they were 20 years old and late on their rent . 
  i understand the resentment towards the industry and the producers . 
  i understand taking drugs to `` get it over with '' quicker . 
  but i seriously doubt the producers actually wanted them to do it or pressured them into taking the drugs . 
  they were probably ok with it since a lot of the girls do it , but even an amateur like me knows that stuff like `` painal '' with raw emotion is exactly what the director wants and what sells the best . 
  certainly a lot more than a drugged out of their mind half-limp girl does . 
  i 've heard the accusations in interviews but i 'm having a hard time believing them , especially since they 're always from women who clearly have strong feelings against the industry as a whole . 
  i put in finland . 
  it said i must have slovakian nationality and added a bunch of fields to fill . 
  i filled them and now it asks me for `` a bulgaria official document to sign this initiative from bulgaria . '', 
  `` official document, 
  document type *, 
  document number * '', 
  wtf does that even mean ? 
  e . now it says i `` must reside in the united kingdom '' . 
  great page 5/5, 
  yeah i do n't know how standard footage from festivals turned into `` absolutely incredible '' purely because it was done without permission . 
  or just download all the seasons online like normal people do . 
  so how is that really different from looking at stuff by professional photographers invited to film these events ? 
  for this guy personally it 's probably great but i do n't see how it shows in the footage for the average viewer . 
  \\* tips fedora *, 
  even though i prefer firefox due to its better customization i 'm glad of the popularity chrome got . 
  it used to be that i use firefox at home and ie everywhere else . 
  now i use firefox at home and chrome elsewhere . 
  chrome is just fine . 
  out of the box i do n't even have a preference which one i use . 
  firefox being slower than chrome is 99 % google 's pr . 
  if you go to any browser 's website ( even ie or safari ) it 'll have graphs showing how their browser is the fastest one . 
  just look at these bars representing something you do n't even need to understand . 
  it just happens `` chrome 's website '' is google.com, 
  in finland you can only buy alcohol from 9am to 9pm . 
  it 's a sad thing . 
  that 's not even what we 're talking about, 
  now where did i say firefox was faster ? 
  i said it 's not slower 99 % of the time . 
  that 's not the same as being faster . 
  it means the jpeg compression algorithm used for the parts with the raw papers does n't match the jpeg algorithm used for the rest of the photo . 
  aka . 
  photoshopped . 
  how does the age matter if it 's relevant ? 
   it identifies the pixels that seem out of place with things like lighting and that stuff, 
  not really . 
  it just looks at the compression .
