  they were n't trying to get the gorillas to `` adopt '' him as they knew none of them were producing milk . 
  the men had been studying these certain gorillas for a long time and they were familiar with the people so they were simply trying to show this orphan baby who had n't lived in the wild the sights and sounds of his natural habitat in as controlled of an environment as possible . 
  but susprisingly the gorillas wanted to `` protect '' it ultimately leading to his death because like i mentioned above none of them were producing milk and could n't feed the baby . 
  they did n't `` let it starve to death '' , they simply had no means to keep it fed because it was too young to eat solid food and none of the tribe had given birth recently so they could n't produce milk . 
  driving is what a driver does . 
  a person operating a vehicle themselves is simply traveling , not driving . 
  yeah . 
  for them the word driver means a chauffeur i 'm pretty sure . 
   only around 3 to 4 %, 
  that 's a lot . 
  comparing it to russia does n't make it any better . 
  would you like to be like russia in other aspects of how the government functions ? 
  a country that 's 10th in the world when comparing gdp and has an antiquated army and no global military presence is the 2nd most powerful nation in the world ? 
  russia 's `` power '' and `` potential threat '' is just a meme your military industrial complex keeps shoving down your throats to justify defense spending . 
  well nato was founded 65 years ago in a very different world but i never said russia was n't a threat at all . 
  i did n't suggest military funding should be stopped entirely . 
  2 goals in 55 seconds is n't even that uncommon in hockey . 
  it 's a great comeback , but nothing unbelievable . 
  also i doubt the players stare at the clock while on the ice . 
  there were plenty of chances in that gif to make a line change had the teams/players wanted to . 
  free internet porn has existed for as long as internet porn has . 
  i mean i 'm not saying i would n't but she 's gone downhill a lot from those days . 
  mostly due to unnecessary plastic surgery . 
  well have you seen megan fox 's acting ? 
  there 's a reason she 's primarily known for her looks . 
  i always set the game volume to 0.01 or something along those lines before the game starts . 
  it 's like a reflex by this point . 
  i would n't play with someone either if they were afk for the beginning of the first round 1/3 games regardless of the warmup . 
  turn it down from the windows mixer and just use a higher value during games ? 
  she 's live on mfc right now btw, 
  yet you 'd struggle to play anything because it 's amd, 
  well i was n't saying they 're right . 
  lucky for you it was only 44 $ on steam or 28 $ on g2a at launch instead of `` full price '' and it 'll only go down from there . 
  priorities . 
  just do n't eat for a few days . 
  nice drive to the net, 
  that should definitely be a major penalty, 
  chicken is pretty damn expensive at least here . 
  i should look into that . 
  i 'm used to paying like 7-8 $ for 500g of chicken but it is the good parts though . 
  `` i literally hate that life choice and i do n't want to talk to you '', 
  i realize this is n't the only way to do it and i 'm only talking about that particular site but that font looks fake as hell . 
  it 's almost like there are more than 1 person writing articles for them . 
  now i 'm not saying this is n't shit tier journalism for completely different reasons but good journalism does n't require you to be consistent like that . 
  if two different studies find two entirely contradicting results you can and should report about both . 
  it 's not the newspaper 's job to decide which one is the truth and stick to it . 
  you 're talking about the save attempt , right ? 
  yeah i just came to edit/delete my post since i tried installing mpc and it works fine . 
  sounds like a strong independent black woman, 
   are n't even true to their own headlines, 
   not turning them into overreaching clickbait, 
  well that 's what i referencing when i said it 's poor jounalism regardless, 
   you do n't publish two contradictory studies, 
   because `` like that '' involves reporting the facts, 
  yes you do . 
  a newspaper reporting about a study is n't `` this newspaper believes this study to be the ultimate truth and a fact '' . 
  it 's `` we 're telling you about a study and this is the findings of said study '' . 
  it 's perfectly ok for them to be contradictory . 
  you can even tell about two contradictory studies in the same story . 
  yahoo has a comment section ? 
  i thought it was like google for old people . 
  damn i saw there was only 1 comment and figured this was my time to reap in the karma but i should 've known . 
  but that just sounds like an improvement . 
  but lumi is the worst caster in the scene, 
  but lina is by far the best announcer . 
  hardly `` original '' seeing as how this is from 2010 and frequently posted . 
  yeah but that 's just because it 's a shit publication that obviously lacks editorial oversight and professionalism . 
  it 's almost like people are made of meat, 
  i 'm already calling them idiots for taking the risk, 
  15 year olds are n't babies . 
  you have to be fucking stupid to work for 10 weeks without seeing a penny regardless that you are 15 . 
  i too had my first job at 14 , it 's not that special . 
  sweden 's servers are the best they have, 
  what 's absurd about it ? 
  it 's not like they do n't have security cameras at an airport . 
  he was n't a threat to anyone and will end up paying for whatever he destroys . 
  seems pretty reasonable to me . 
   no one can touch me because the people should be respectful of my tantrums, 
  that 's not what he said . 
  there is absolutely no way this guy is going to escape it being an airport so what 's the point of wrestling him ? 
  just let him calm down because you know with 100 % certainty he will be caught and have to pay for whatever damages he causes . 
  that 's not `` respecting his tantrum '' , it 's avoiding a fight that does n't need to happen and would n't accomplish anything . 
  it 's not that they * ca n't * touch him , but that they do n't * want * to touch him because there 's no point . 
  by the way the guy did get jail time and had to pay for all the damages . 
  so looks like their approach worked . 
   politically correct, 
  nice straw man, 
  no one hates vegetarians and vegans because they do n't eat meat . 
  the ones who are hated have brought it on themselves . 
  yeah because a huge chuck of them are annoying human beings . 
  it 's not the lack of meat that makes people dislike them but their attitude about it . 
   used to be hardly any zergs when i was still playing regularly . 
  when was that ? 
  right after launch ? 
  zerg was hugely popular already in wol . 
  / r/ps4 is cancerous as fuck and i even own a ps4, 
  yes and at no point did he touch anyone else . 
  he was just destroying property . 
  the last 6-9 months of wol was dominated by zerg in both esports and ladder pick rates . 
  did n't they talk about a stylus recently too ?
