  mainly useful for shooter games . 
  i 've tried one once and did n't like it though, 
  wait . 
  do you push the bottle all the way down while inhaling and that 's how you get the water in your mouth ? 
  because i only go down to about 3 inches from water level and then pull the bottle up and completely above the water letting all the smoke freely flow into my mouth . 
  never had any problem with water in mouth, 
  no it does n't . 
  you make it so that gravity sucks the smoke into the bottle , if you need help pushing smoke into your lungs then you should really reconsider if smoking weed is for you, 
  besides i also use the water to push the smoke into lungs ... for about 50-75 %, 
  but i do n't want the water in my mouth so i just pop the sucker out and suck the rest worry-free . 
  everyone i know does it the same way too . 
  what do you mean ? 
  well you would n't have to play them , but why not give us the option ? 
  besides i still consider them to be a lot better than 90 % of the default maps which are just awful . 
  in fact i 've played over twice as much blops after the map packs than i did before that total . 
  ( ~ 30h -  100h and going ), 
  just delete/move the map files to a usb stick and play `` core '' . 
  you 'll only play with people who dont have the maps and only play the old maps . 
  if you want them back you can redownload for free . 
  i know it 's a hassle but at least it 's possible , unlike what i 'm asking for, 
  then why no upvote & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  e. stop downvoting me . 
  i was n't begging for upvotes , it 's just common reddiquette to upvote if you agree, 
  i looove snow maps . 
  just seeing a snow map in a trailer makes me want to buy a game more than anything :p, 
  and i know it 's stupid, 
  you can even play them from the usb stick , just unplug it when you do n't want them, 
  if i was n't so lazy i would fix this by having every one of them stick the glasses in their eye, 
  saved for later fappage, 
  downvoted for where, 
  just warez snow leopard and buy lion . 
  apple does n't use any kind of copy protection so installing an illegal copy is exactly as easy as a real one . 
  as long as you only use snow leopard to legitimately buy lion i do n't see how you conscience would have a problem either, 
  mind = blown [ ] ( / smokeweedeveryday ), 
  teeths [ ] ( / jackieeeee ! ), 
  my nokia 3310 from the year 2000 ( 11 yrs ago btw ) could do exactly that, 
  i 'm gon na forget this before i log onto xbox live so add nappalive if you feel like it . 
  have n't played that much bfbc2 last few weeks but 440h total so i always come back to it eventually :p, 
  e. i only play hc, 
  enjoy your crappy game and living in denial defending it on the internet, 
  bitch and cunt are just words , they do n't affect the issue, 
  it takes some time to master ( like anything ) but once you get used to shooting with a pad you 'll have no problem with it . 
  almost all great xbox games are shooters , 1st or 3rd person, 
  not found, 
  we could n't find the page you were looking for . 
  feel free to contact support if there 's anything, 
  we can help you find . 
  email support, 
  repost and old as fuck, 
  usernames and passwords of porn site users, 
  learn to take a compliment, 
  oh my god i fucking hate how some gay people feel the need to point out their gayness all the time . 
  i understand having a gay subreddit , but why the fuck could n't gay people enjoy the exactly same r/trees as the rest of us . 
  it 's not like they gay smoke gay weed . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  clearly you 've never had anal sex, 
  i 'm kinda turned on by those two chicks banging each other on the cock, 
  after 2 days of thinking about it i decided to order the fps freek prestiges . 
  i will hold you accountable if they suck, 
  well seeing as how you have no relevant experience whatsoever i 'd advice you to stfu, 
  and just to make sure you understand i have nothing against homosexuals . 
  but it 's not like this is heterotrees , this is trees . 
  not everything is about what you like to stick your dick into . 
  a meme that 's only purpose is to bitch about reddit submissions, 
  downvote, 
  i do n't really care enough to discuss this with anybody , especially over the internet . 
  people are people . 
  gay people are people too . 
  r/trees is for people . 
  gay people smoke the same weed us straight people do and they get high the same way . 
  this is a perfect example how gay people love to single themselves out which really annoys me . 
  if it has nothing to do with sexuality , being gay is n't relevant . 
  there is no `` left-handed trees '' or `` people who like to wear baseball caps and eat ice cream with a fork trees '' nor should there be . 
  i feel the same way about lgbtrees . 
  i do n't care even when there is a video, 
  i like how you just skipped my argument by adding a question mark in the end of it and moving on to something completely different . 
  being gay is completely irrelevant when it comes to enjoying weed , your sexual preference does n't rule every single thing you do in life . 
  and why would you have to make your presence known ? 
  it 's not like anyone out there thinks `` one thing them faggots ca n't do is smoke reefer ! '', 
  1200 members only proves that there are 1200 + gay people that love singling themselves out based on sexuality , which is no news . 
  i 'm glad you broke up with her but you should have done it the first time she took sleeping pills . 
  an attention whore is always an attention whore . 
  regarding the ambulance incident you did the right thing though, 
  older than the internet, 
  well this is still better than the games that give you all the online achievements in a half an hour ( bfbc2 for example ), 
  all these `` gay communities '' do is separate homosexuals even more from general population and hurt the cause to get homosexuality socially accepted . 
  gays are people , not `` gay people '' . 
  when you wake up you do n't turn off your gay alarm clock and take a gay shower before eating gay cereal . 
  homosexuals are just like everone else , and being gay does n't affect everything . 
  oversensitive people are what make me sick, 
  and let me guess , you 're white ? 
   hated this comic enough to downvote it, 
  i do n't need to hate a comic to downvote it . 
  if it was clever or made me laugh -  upvote . 
  if it was n't funny or clever or interesting -  downvote . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  also : [ link to reddit faq explaining that 400 people have n't downvoted this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/help/faq#howisasubmissionsscoredetermined ), 
  i do n't care about the karma but lots of upvotes also gets you to the front page etc. 
  and i think it 's nice that my comic is seen by a lot of people, 
  a few years ago the finnish media realized people do this and since then have gone apeshit everytime something even remotely related to finland is mentioned in any tv-show , book , magazine or anything .
