  i have a e71 ( looks like a blackberry ) that has a qwerty keyboard and i can type text messages faster than anyone i know even without looking at the screen . 
  i send about 500-1000 messages a month so it really is important for me . 
  that 's a good ok gif . 
  however i like [ this ] ( http://asdin.kapsi.fi/gifwall/gif/ok.gif ) even more . 
  not all drug addicts are homeless people or junkies . 
  often times you could n't even guess , let alone it be the defining characteristic . 
  why do you browse r/4chan ? 
  [ to a certain extent ] ( http://www.colblindor.com/2007/02/27/can-dogs-see-colors/ ), 
  i was n't exactly sober during this thought process though, 
  photoshop brush tool and mouse, 
  did you actually try it before getting all psyched up ? 
  i did n't judge anyone . 
  i just pointed out that you ca n't really get excited for `` only .4 g !! '', 
  unless you actually try it . 
  i could write a recipe for 0.05 g. 
  does that get you excited ? 
  well i 'm pretty sure the data for the charts is n't exactly scientifically accurate either so who cares, 
  that 's because people who `` are proud of how much they can smoke '' really do n't smoke that much . 
  real experienced smokers with possible high tolerances never bring up `` how much they can smoke '' or anything like that . 
  maybe afterwards they can mention something like `` damn tolerances keeping me from getting stoned '' but as a rule of thumb these `` i can smoke so much weed '' people are always newbies . 
   to be really honest , i do n't even understand why people think drugs are cool . 
  well mainly because they are cool ? 
  and i do n't mean cool as in `` you 'll be perceived as a cool person '' but `` drugs have cool effects '' . 
  that 's why people use them , because they 're fun to do . 
  what does `` to his head '' mean ? 
  i understand the words but what is it in this context ? 
  some weird way to smoke ? 
  of course . 
  it 's more like falling asleep though . 
  it wo n't suddenly happen if you 're walking or standing or anything but if you 're high enough and lie down for a sec it 's completely possible . 
  it 's not about pre-folding napkins with martha stewart , it 's about the fact that everyone around me has always done it . 
  when i first smoked weed as a teenager my friend started by grinding it up . 
  ever since then every joint i 've seen or smoked has been grinded . 
  it 's just a part of the process of smoking weed . 
  i do n't think of it as something fancy to optimize the burning , it 's just a part of weed smoking just like rolling or burning . 
  a situation like this is how i learned to tell people to fuck off even while stoned off my ass . 
  you do realize that you can put any number of weed into your cooking no matter what the recipe says ? 
  it 's not like the recipes only work with the specific amount of weed listed . 
  0.4 g wo n't work any better with a recipe that says 0.4 g than 7g 's, 
  smoke weed every day, 
  some c 's , mostly d 's . 
  pass all though . 
  except for half the classes because i dropped out before even going to them . 
  i think `` this project was a one man effort , meaning i had to do it all '' was even more ridiculous . 
  sure he had a lot on his shoulders but it 's not like the actors ( who probably worked for free ) did n't do anything . 
  insert joint in hole , plug your ears , nose and mouth and try to inhale ? 
   with alcohol , drinking a shitload of it and not passing out is pretty much the supreme goal . 
  yeah at 16 it was, 
  oooh sounds exhilarating, 
  do you just put it out and continue again the next day or what ? 
  i know an all-weed joint can be relighted etc without significant loss but i still think they taste pretty shitty . 
  would n't it be nicer to either roll tiny joints or just smoke bowls or something ? 
  well it 's not like i do n't do the same from time to time , 
   video games drastically underestimate how fast you burn through a clip of 30 bullets at 900 rounds per minute . 
  no they do n't . 
  almost all video games have realistic rpm rates and you do burn through a clip of 30 bullets in seconds . 
  the only thing they understimate is the time it takes to reload . 
  it 's movies where an assault rifle can fire for 20 seconds straight . 
   last time i played mw3 , it took much longer than 3 seconds to unload a clip from the mp5 . 
  no it does n't . 
  it just feels like a long time in the game but try to unload a magazine while holding a stopwatch in the other hand . 
  while cod is far from a realistic shooter the rpm 's of the weapons are pretty accurate ( of course balance sometimes has to trump realism ) . 
  reload times on the other hand are ridiculous and the thing that make them feel so arcade-y . 
  they did n't . 
  they overrode the russian robot soldier thingy 's coding or whatever and turned them against our own people . 
  i rarely find it relevant to comment on the amount of weed i smoke unless it is like you mentioned with my own `` stoner friends '' . 
  however it is often crucial to the stories i tell pretty much all of which i 'm high in . 
  it 's really difficult to know how it sounds to someone not as familiar with cannabis as you ca n't really go back to `` that way of thinking '' . 
  i meant a joint that has been extinguished and then relit tastes like shit . 
  but as an anwer to your question yes they do . 
  in my opinion a bowl usually tastes the worst . 
  after that comes a joint even though there are huge differences between them . 
  a bong with fancy diffusers etc is always the best tasting though . 
  vapes are a whole different ball game . 
  the vapor is not nearly as `` harsh '' as smoke so it 's more gentle than burning but the taste is completely different . 
  more burnt popcorn and less weed . 
  so it 's difficult to say if it 's better or not . 
  i personally like it . 
  i do n't see how a zippo would waste any of my weed , care to explain ? 
  are you referring to the hint of gasoline taste it leaves in joints or what ? 
  because personally i enjoy it . 
  i know r/trees loves the mflb but there are better vapes out there . 
  solo is the shit as well . 
  my friend just got the xtreme q and i 'm just waiting to get the chance to try it out . 
  if it 's anything like solo it 'll probably blow my mind . 
  again . 
  no kidding . 
  there 's nothing i hate like finding that one perfect pair of jeans in the entire store just to find out they 're only available with a button fly . 
  i smoked weed as a young person because of the cool effects . 
  it was n't even cool back then . 
  most people tried it were the weird long-haired unsocial sorta hippie types . 
  it was n't until high school that everyone started toking and it became `` cool '' . 
   my friend is obsessed with making 2/3rd gen joints , mixing all these resined up roaches into one turbojoint . 
  wha . . who . . how . . why . . what ? 
  i read about coconut and chocolate chip cookies in separate jars from wikipedia for about 3 minutes until i figured it 's probably best just to take it as a compliment . 
  limbo was the only game my ex-gf finished during the years we were together . 
  you could just see it in her eyes how proud she was . 
  god damn it i miss her . 
  more like 2 hours . 
  please elaborate,
