  not too difficult . 
  please do n't reproduce . 
  6x10 is 60 ( 10 ), 
  6x5 is 30 ( 15 ), 
  96 is less than 99 ( 16 ), 
  96 +6 is more than 99 ( 17 ), 
  i 'm pretty sure i could do that under any type of pressure . 
  it even looks more complicated than it was and it does n't look too complicated . 
  yes ? 
  i would n't count it like 6 , 12 , 18 , 24 ... because i 'm not retarded . 
  i 'd think 60 + 30 . 
  i do n't even need to have 6x15 memorized and it 'd still be instant . 
  you must be really bad at math or handling pressure or both . 
  i agree a gameshow atmosphere would make the question a lot harder than it otherwise would be , but it still would n't make 60 + 30 + 6 + 6 impossible to solve . 
  i guess it would take me around 5 seconds just to be absolutely certain instead of the 0.5 seconds it took in the comfort of my own home . 
  even if my hand was being eaten by a pack of angry wolves i could solve this in a matter of seconds . 
  you 're adding nice even numbers . 
  no amount of pressure is going to make that difficult . 
  i do n't own one . 
  if i had the money i 'd just buy one . 
  i 'd like not to as there seems to be a possibility to use that money for something else like food . 
  it 's an actual proglem but not deal breaking . 
  the matchmaking certainly has more issues than traditionally , but in 1v1 games once i find an opponent it works totally smoothly . 
  in team games it 's harder to tell but i do have occasional lag issues and many youtube videos stress the importance of an open nat so i 'm thinking that might be the problem . 
   if that is the case , i suppose the good news is buying a router wo n't really change it . 
  the mac internet sharing does the exact same thing as a router would do . 
  would n't that be router specific and/or adjustable in the settings ? 
  like i said if i connect my xbox directly `` into the wall '' it shows the nat is open so getting an open nat should be technically possible on my connection . 
  i do n't care about store trade-ins . 
  stores always butt fuck you when it comes to used games . 
  on 360 i buy a game , finish it , trade it online with another person and get a game of equal value or often even more value . 
  if i were to go to gamestop for example i 'd have to trade in 3 or 4 games just to buy 1 used game . 
  i want to know the details of gamer-to-gamer used game sales , not this bullshit where the retailers take a huge cut . 
  via mac, 
  wall, 
  via mac, 
  wall, 
  playing smackdown vs raw for 12 hours a day was n't fun ? 
   hmm that actually indicates the wall plug gives you a publicly addressable ip address . 
  wait , just be to be sure , can there be any harm down by hosting that pic online ? 
  i did n't think it 'd be possible but a publicly addressable ip address sounds bad . 
  about the router , my isp recommends i get a `` switch '' and put it in that little cabinet next to my fuse box that controls which of the rj-45 outlets in the house are active ( right now i can only have 1 at a time ) . 
  does that sound like a wise decision to sort out this problem ? 
  are they cheaper than a full on router ? 
  yes i am . 
  i 'm thinking i should maybe get a proper router nevertheless . 
  that way it 'd still have some value if i were to move to a different apartment with a more traditional setup . 
  from what i can figure the rj-45 in 's next to the fuse box and the out 's in the walls are basically just like extension cables . 
  if i can just physically fit a router in there it should do just fine ( ? ), 
  just because some uncivilized tribes in south american jungles used to do this does n't mean it 's smart . 
  thus '' [ fluff ] '', 
  but how 's he gon na press those buttons from way up there ? 
  it seems it 'd be a whole lot easier without the books tbh, 
  there 's already a subreddit for that / r/pareidolia, 
  wow that 's way cheaper than i expected . 
  i should probably go pick up that zyxel tomorrow . 
  is n't jack links like the crappiest most mass produced jerky there is ? 
  i 'm no expert myself but the impression i 've gotten is it 's like the mcdonalds of beef jerky, 
  this thread had potential to be really funny but i 'm not surprised at all to see it 's 90 % jealous butt hurt . 
  i read on the internet that a cheap switch like that is unlikely to handle fast internet speeds :( that 's too bad , i really do n't want to not use my internet at full speed ( 100mbit ) . 
  great episode once again but i thought the ending would had been funnier if it had `` cut to black '' just before the mine detonated . 
  we all knew what was gon na happen , no need to show it . 
  but that 's just my opinion . 
  i thought at first that this is some sort of cat lovers group chat thingy . 
  took me a while to realize she was just censoring a regular text message conversation . 
  have to say i was a bit disappointed . 
  ending credits typically have good music anyway . 
  i typically just grab my laptop or phone and browse the internet while the credits run on the backgroud . 
  i just use spaces with numbers . 
  works exactly like it used to . 
  you 're probably right but bw and sc2 are way better games than any wh40k game to date so i 'm not complaining . 
  because as a kid i read my dahl as books and did n't even know there was a movie made off them . 
  it 's important to note that even the standardized tests are n't multiple choice . 
  when i studied in an american high school every test was multiple choice , especially the standardized ones . 
  i do n't remember having multiple choice in finnish schools after grade school . 
  but why would anyone want to be friends with women ? 
  well to be honest soccer is really gay . 
   by making this all a big deal, 
  did you stop reading halfway through the sentence ? 
  anymore ? 
  when has it been ? 
  and who said anything about pretending it does n't exist . 
  besides , it is n't normal . 
  i have absolutely nothing against gay people and support gay marriage etc. 
  rights but it 's not normal . 
  i think you should look up the word normal in a dictionary . 
  it 's not the same as `` acceptable '' . 
  never . 
  aside from transportation my 2 year old imac has never been turned off . 
  rebooted about once every 2 or 3 months when i notice my uptime . 
  same goes for my 2007 mbp except it 's seen more travel . 
  gamecube had a lot of great 3rd party games . 
  most of the big cross-platform releases were on gamecube as well . 
  i do n't really aim for original nor creative, 
  in that case those 30 % would be correct . 
  but i think it 's more like 10 % . 
  the rest are too apathetic to act on it . 
  your dad has tiny hands, 
  you can put in a different drive that is n't from microsoft ( my drive is n't from microsoft ) and the paid xbox live is a good thing . 
  psn is free and sucks dick .
