  i 've peed on my girlfriend in the shower . 
  i 'm not into piss sexually or anything but come on . 
  it 's a shower , i needed to pee , she was acting up . 
  no big deal . 
   they 're was, 
  really ? 
  also fake snow looks a lot more real on camera than actual snow . 
  and no link ? 
  what a tease, 
  blue has cooler pokemon than red, 
  i hope not because uptight people suck a bag of dicks and ents should know better, 
  i shave mine with an eletric razor . 
  i only use the `` trimming '' tool on the other side but i have tried shaving with the actual razor part and it looks pretty much like in the pic , i do n't really get what would be so difficult about it . 
  just to clarify my dick looks as `` clean '' as the one in the pic . 
  ama . 
  to get the pubic bone area hair like that you need to use a razor . 
  i personally think barrel is more misleading . 
  we all know how much a litre or 10 litres or 1000 litres is but what the fuck is a barrel really ? 
  is it like the exploding canisters in video games ? 
  how big are those really ? 
  did n't change my attitude either . 
  i never have and never will give a cent to charities . 
  america . 
  the only country where swearing is serious business . 
  call me a self-centered asshole but i just do n't get any sort of gratification or a good feeling from giving my money away . 
  every euro i donate is a euro less in my pocket . 
  and to be honest i really , really do n't give a shit about the starving children of africa . 
  i do donate money to organizations like wikipedia or open source software developers that i feel have earned it by improving my life one way or another . 
  mainly so that they 'd continue their work , i do n't really get any satisfaction from that either . 
  it was just a phrase . 
  i admit i 'm self-centered and an asshole so it would n't be offensive anyhow . 
  thanks for the laugh, 
  apple doing something evil ? 
  impossible !, 
  why would you ever not want to open something in a separate tab ? 
  spaghetti is the narwhal of 4chan . 
  the joke is old and never actually was that funny . 
  absolutely . 
  of course there are areas where i could improve myself but i 'm guessing you 're referring to the `` being an asshole '' part so yes i am . 
  i enjoy it a lot . 
  16 year olds are legal in most of the world . 
  no need to fix there . 
  while it is true that i lack empathy compared to an average person there 's still quite a lot of choice involved . 
  and no , i do n't . 
  he was n't forced . 
  he just need to toughen the fuck up . 
  kids bully each other , get over it . 
  they 'll forget the whole thing soon enough . 
  no we did n't . 
  there 's a [ chart ] ( http://up.neutek.net/di-213124742980.png ) . 
  did you seriously throw up from inhaling/swallowing smoke ? 
  i 'm not calling you a pussy or anything , i 'm just genuinely interested because i 've seen a lot of newbies smoke yet i 've witnessed seen anyone throw up from the smoke . 
  i 'm on the same boat . 
  feels bad man . 
  gets easier though . 
  i never agreed to anything, 
  13 is a bit more extreme than 16 though . 
  at least i do n't pretend to know shit on the internets, 
  no i 'm actually just as much a dick in real life . 
  you must be a psychic, 
  there 's a big difference between ca n't and wo n't . 
  i sure have swallowed a ton of smoke in my life but i 've never gotten a nauseous feeling from it . 
  i guess we all react differently . 
  it 'll never come even close to a bong . 
  no vape will . 
  the two do work great together though . 
  there are legal head shops everywhere . 
  you can buy a bong there . 
  now weed is different . 
  unless you live in a major city you need to either know someone or grow your own . 
  if you want to play minecraft what are you doing on reddit ? 
  notch . 
  for being a little bitch . 
  and i do n't even like yogscast . 
  these people make good videos that i enjoy watching but some guy said they were dicks in real life so i do n't want them making any money what ? 
  i have watched more yogscast videos today than i had previously in my entire life . 
  i sent notch a hateful and insulting message but i 'm not a fan of yogscast . 
  if the scale is different for each then it serves absolutely no purpose as the readers will have just as little idea how high the writer was than if he had n't included a number at all . 
  well if you 're not able to reach 8-10 for example then you are unable to reach those and only use 1-7 . 
  at least until you finally find the thing that takes you up there . 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  if the pills you take daily make you happy , are you really cured ? 
  i read all the parts except for the middle part because it looked too difficult what with all the [ 10 ] s and everything, 
   we 're on / r/trees . 
  we all love to alter our consciousness . 
  marijuana gives us something that we really enjoy and makes us happy . 
  are you seriously comparing a drug which effects you can feel in seconds and totally wash away in a few hours to depression medication ? 
   furthermore if you had a an infection that needed treatments with antibiotics would you question taking pills . 
  if you had diabetes would you question taking insoline ? 
  if depression is just a chemical imbalance ca n't we help that with medication ? 
  there definitely is a difference between physical and mental illnesses . 
  and yes i know most mental illnesses also affect or are caused by physical alterations but you know exactly what my point is . 
   i 'm not sure why there is a stigma attached to taking medication for things like depression , anxiety , adhd , and other things . 
  but i wish maybe one day this is n't the case . 
  i do n't . 
  i seriously do n't want to get pumped full of meds when i 'm a senior citizen because it 's `` accepted '' and i 'm just old and do n't understand . 
  i really do n't care if others decide to take pills that fuck with their head but i could never any of these long-term mood altering drugs . 
  i need to be able to trust myself . 
  i just could n't do it if i knew the emotions i feel are n't my actual emotions but the result of medication . 
  how about the chick at [ 4:00 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pilk1.png ) or the one around [ five minutes ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mzcrg.png ),
