  i do n't know what kind of textbooks you had but mine definitely had a lot more pictures of hitler than roosevelt . 
  what ? 
  this game is out already ? 
  the whole map was straight edges and square shapes due to the new map editor it was made with . 
  have they improved it ? 
  yeah but that 's a very rare occurance in pro games . 
  in pub games people often do n't even consider saving for buyback before they 're six-slotted, 
  techies is not universally hated because he 's op . 
  techies is universally hated because he 's gimmicky , counter-intuitive and antifun . 
  how do i download the full sized image ? 
  if i click to open it and download it 's just 1.1 mb, 
   and 2:30 is n't enough for a lot of people to restart their computer , relaunch steam and dota and then reconnect . 
  are you from the year 1998 ? 
  because it would suck when people in your party want to surrender but you do n't . 
  valve has time and time again said they want people to hate the game rather than hate the other players . 
  yeah this is what i really do n't understand . 
  dota games have a huge variety when it comes to the lenght . 
  how can anyone start a game of dota if they 're in a hurry ? 
  because dota is a 5v5 game that is most fun played 5v5 . 
  i wait in pubs because it makes my game experience better . 
  i do n't give a fuck about the opponent 's dog or his abandon points , i care about my own game experience that is best when it 's played fairly 5v5 . 
   if everyone else wants to pause , you have 4.5 minutes worth of pause . 
  except you do n't because one player who does n't want to wait can overrule all his teammates ' pauses . 
  that 's the problem , not that one out of ten does n't want to use his own pause . 
  but remember !, 
  it 's not a circlejerk sub because the sidebar says so . 
  twitch emote, 
  thinking echo is wasted unless it hits multiple opponents is one of the biggest newbie misconceptions in dota . 
  if you watch pro games the most common use of echo is to be an instant stun against heroes with escape mechanisms like am . 
  the damage is often secondary . 
  or when you 're desperately trying to defend high ground and your team starts bitching why the enemy jungle is n't warded . 
  if the `` social issues '' directly stem from playing a valve product then of course it 's valve 's problem . 
  well people have been circlejerking over the trailer gifs for about 2 years now so it 's not like it 's a recent thing . 
  what the fuck are you trying to say ? 
  also it does n't make a difference because the point i was making is that a teammate can unpause right away regardless of dc 's or amount of pauses, 
  well clearly i do, 
  does this work with shift-queue ? 
  what about quick cast ? 
  thank you for contributing, 
  that is no excuse for this level of stupidity . 
  almost anyone who practices running as a hobby can run a five minute mile . 
  because in your head you assume everything that 's covered to be perfect, 
  not to mention it had a succesful competitor that had just switched to free to play model, 
  if you buy a ps4 now does n't it cost about the same as it did a year ago ? 
  a quick google search says so . 
  i played it a few weeks ago too . 
  i had started it over a year ago but got stuck in a shitty part fairly early . 
  glad i finished it because it did get a lot better after the start . 
  i think the decision to have ellie not trigger enemies was the right one , but i wish they would 've made her ai and pathing more passive to go with it . 
  if she waited out action scenes at the beginning of the area or even just one room behind you it never would 've become an issue but for some reason she has to stick real close and keep running into enemy sightlines for no reason . 
   up until the end i thought they were going to be what saved ellie and joel . 
  far from it . 
  then when the betrayal happens everything makes sense in hindsight . 
  you really did n't see the whole sacrifice thing coming before it did ? 
  because to me that was the single biggest plothole in the game that almost ruined the story . 
  we knew from the beginning ellie 's immunity thing is in her brain . 
  we know joel is skeptic and cynical even to the extent of pessimism and we know the fireflies will stop at nothing to create the cure . 
  with all this none of the characters stopped to even think of the possibility of fireflies being prepared to sacrifice her for the cure . 
  it was so glaringly obvious yet totally overlooked until the moment it `` surprisingly '' happens . 
  also i do n't think spoiler tags are necessary in a thread like this . 
  if you have n't played the game yet you should n't be here anyway . 
  they just make it hard to read . 
  that 's what you get for being dirty dubbers, 
  you could not do anything and do a roughly infinite better job at restoring the painting, 
  yeah but again that is in a situation where the entire team wants to pause . 
  this post is about how a single teammate can instantly unpause everyone else 's pauses regardless how many there are or how long they are . 
  a lot of time when the team needs wards the problem is getting them out on the map , not buying them . 
  also pinging a spot where you want a ward and saying `` could someone buy wards '' makes less sense . 
  yes ? 
  that leaves 50 seconds of room for people who actively practice running but are n't world elite material . 
  my guess would be op plays a translated version of dota and is translating that term back to english instead of the actual wording on the english client, 
  yeah when eating fast food for dinner it 's the plating that really determines how fat you are . 
  using korean mmos for a comparison feels like cheating, 
  difference is duke nukem was developed during a time when graphics actually improved so they had to start the whole thing over a few times, 
  did you seriously just realize it 's called a sawed off because a part of the barrel has been sawed off ? 
  you can clearly see it in the gif too if you have eyes, 
  well that would most likely be the side doing the pausing , would n't it ? 
  i 'm just you 're glad to know the goty was 3 $ a few weeks ago on steam, 
  xbox wins because of the controller and better performance on multiplatform titles . 
   i 'd get the 360 first to get the most from the paid subscription , and the ps3 afterwards as the online is free anyway . 
  the problem is 360 's game servers are handled by microsoft and financed by the gold subscriptions . 
  as ps3 did n't have a similiar system ( before the introduction of psn + ) all ps3 games ' servers are handled by the publisher of the game . 
  this is why a lot of older ps3 games already have no online functionality where as every 360 game will still have multiplayer even if in practice there are no players, 
  dank meme post, 
  because nothing makes a gif appear `` high quality '' than unncessary effects that only make the subtitles more difficult to read, 
  would you perfer a blind circlejerk over an obviously fake circlejerk post ? 
  you clearly were n't alive during the millenium, 
  as a kid i remember one of the `` amusement parks '' in finland had a police section with cool old police cars etc. 
  and they also had a crashed car with a stuffed moose in it, 
  it looked similar to [ this ] ( http://puheenvuoro.uusisuomi.fi/sites/default/files/imagecache/biggest/domain-14584/kuvat/hirvikolari_paha.jpg ), 
  11 minute mile ? 
  that 's like 1700 meters in cooper . 
  that 's a bad score for an obese person , never mind someone who practices running . 
  yeah me too . 
  i 'm not a man 's man and this picture had one drink that i would order . 
   every barman in the country knows about it tho so do n't just stroll up asking for those three drinks with a big touristy look on your face or they wont serve you, 
  eh ... brits are n't offended by you drinking whiskey in a pint of guiness . 
  they 're offended by the name . 
   ha , `` why are they even at the pub then ? 
  '' , says me , the cynical yank,
