  but yeah i agree they should just remove second chance . 
  i always revive ( maybe it 's because i 'm more of a battlefield player at heart ) but now that i think of it you 're right . 
  people should n't reward others for using second chance . 
  i do n't know . 
  i only have blops for 360, 
  so these people do exist . 
  i 've always wondered why does everything `` banana flavoured '' taste like shit and chemicals even though i love real bananas . 
  and it 's always the identical , headache inducing taste . 
  it 's not like anybody 's even trying . 
  i 'm always that guy . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  act faster next time . 
  you . . did n't ? 
  i 've been doing this since i was about 5 . 
  pissed my parents of when they wanted a moody lighting . 
  all i could think of while watching the photos was `` it must have been a pain in the ass to mine all that obsidian . '', 
  lol nice job . 
  you said you learnt that in gun game ? 
  i used to play a lot of sticks and stones and could never get the hang of it . 
  i learnt to tomahawk pretty well though ( i average 6-10 per game ) but i could never give up my frag . 
  tomahawk is actually the only weapon in the game i have 0 kills with . 
  or just press shift + cmd +3 and it automatically saves the entire screen as . png without having to open a program, 
  or shit + cmd +4 and then you can drag the area manually or press space and select a window, 
  i had forgotten some people still need to save every single screenshot manually by hand . 
  must be a bitch alt + tabbing out of fullscreen apps, 
  only thing more annoying than this is when the crate never settles because there 's like a pebble on the ground and you ca n't claim it . 
  this happened to me yesterday in s & d , and it was a blackbird !, 
  ( the icon appeared at the very second the round ended ), 
  . torrent and a usb stick, 
  all the networks in the world, 
  macedonia, 
  til popsicles have jokes on them, 
  i visited america in ~ 04 and exchanged some money beforehand . 
  i ca n't remember exactly but i got 10-20 $ 2 bills and did n't think anything of it . 
  only when i had used all but two of them someone asked if i was sure i wanted to use them instead of a $ 5, 
  i was like whatever but my cousin jumped in and paid for me , it was the first $ 2 she had seen and se was like 20yo, 
  why did n't you just put two of your own dollars in and pocket it ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's totally legal not to mention who gives a fuck . 
  sorry for hijack but i 've been hitting f5 on this subreddit like crazy . 
  i too am looking for a team and have been talking with some people via pm but have n't really played with anyone yet , so if anybody needs a substitute/alternative/training buddy let me know . 
  i did n't mean i did n't give a fuck about your story . 
  i meant your supervisor probably would n't and neither should you . 
  next to f13, 
  thing is though , this is what people who absolutely want to record concerts with their iphone would do . 
  so it 'd stop nobody . 
  but if you see riot police kicking a 12 year old in the head you rarely have time to go home and jb your phone . 
  it 's a fucking picture of a spider . 
  are some people really such pussies they ca n't stomach that ? 
  i did n't find this picture to be funny , interesting or informative . 
  fuck this pity upvote shit . 
  cervix or gtfo, 
  i did . 
  i was looking at cod 4 once and it had adult diapers and some radioactive material as suggestions . 
  or did i ? 
  1 . win + r to run, 
  2 . type in explorer.exe, 
  3 . press enter, 
  i love it when people like you leave . 
  the party just gets better . 
  sounds like we should hang out, 
  i swallow all the time . 
  do n't quote that out of context but i do . 
  i did the first time too without getting sick at all , idk why because i know you 're not alone . 
  you might be right . 
  i did n't actually try killing exporer first . 
  people who enjoy clubs over an all-night house party, 
  why do i have to secretly hate them ? 
  i can openly think they suck and even tell them that but someone rarely leaves a party because one guy ( me ) thinks he and his friends are annoying . 
  it 's a certain type of people who prefer clubs over a good house party . 
  i generally do n't like those people . 
  it does n't make me angry . 
  when you 're not around me i could n't care less what you enjoy . 
  but it does tell a lot about a person if they love to go clubbing . 
  example : a girl does n't bother talking to you because you 're playing magic and gathering with your friend . 
  i doubt she hates the fact that you can enjoy the game , it 's just that you 're probably a huge nerd even while not playing . 
  you do n't have to be an all-out bro . 
  if you enjoy shitty music that 's so loud you ca n't hear anyone , hour-long lines , piss-flooded bathrooms and mixing water in your overpriced beer then the chances that we 're not very like-minded are pretty high . 
  i 'm not saying you 're worse human beings for enjoying clubs . 
  i 'm just acknowledging that we might not get along very well , so for me the party gets better when people like you leave . 
  well of course that is possible but see i would never be in a situation like this so it does n't really matter . 
  if people are leaving to go clubbing and i 'm there witnessing it it means the party 's getting better . 
  if you mean that as in `` no girls '' then yes , definitely . 
  i 've been in a relationship for 2 years now , i could n't care less about loud drunk girls . 
  especially the type you encounter in clubs . 
  bitches leave to go clubbing . 
  roll that joint and start up the xbox . 
  i 'm not going anywhere anymore . 
  i 've seen about 12-15 clubs in my life and 10 of them matched that description . 
  the others were either too difficult/slow to get in or too expensive to be worth it . 
  well anywhere is not accurate . 
  i enjoy what we call `` beer restaurants '' . 
  they 're like pubs except they can carry hundreds of special beers . 
  you can sit on a table or play snooker or darts and discuss current events with your mates while enjoying fine drafts . 
  i 'd rather fap the morning after . 
  feels good man . 
  this is such a frequent repost the link was actually purple already . 
  yay people abusing auto-aim with too many after effects, 
  do wager matches count towards time played ? 
  ninja helps more than hacker or second chance though . 
  you go to your neighbour and tell him/her to keep the cars off your lawn .
