  but do n't get discouraged , the game does n't punish you for dying so failing 10 times or even a hundred times and then succeeding only means succeeding !, 
  also just because you die does n't mean you need to look up a video . 
  the key to dark souls is knowing your enemies moves and timings . 
  every boss gets a whole lot easier after a few times when you know what to expect . 
  k well if you do just respond to this comment . 
  i can help anywhere except lost izalith ( have n't killed the demon firesage yet ) . 
  by the time you need help i might 've killed him too . 
  helping does n't mean killing the boss for them . 
  i hate people who get summoned and try to speedrun the section . 
  it 's much more fun to let the host fight himself and help a little bit when needed . 
  i definitely would n't waste pine resins on the taurus demon though considering how rare they are . 
  yeah the ptd edition including dlc sells for about the same as the dlc alone these days . 
  4k at sl11 is ridiculously easy , i just did it a few days ago . 
  just swapped all my armor to the heaviest possible ( i normally fastroll with havel but had to switch rings for abyss ) , used pw and tanked their shots while staying close and hitting them . 
  got it on my first try . 
   i attacked the guy in shiny armor because why not . 
  with that attitude you deserved it . 
  and why not ? 
  well because most npcs turn out to be extremely useful that 's why . 
  yeah it 's a consensus decision not to have a hp regen ring in the game . 
  des had it and removing it was a great call game design wise . 
  then they managed to fuck it up in dks2 ( do n't ask why ) . 
  i guess they just forgot to update the character creation menu . 
  what it actually does is boost your max hp . 
  if you got the ptd edition you probably paid about as much as the dlc alone costs so do n't feel bad . 
  if you did n't then ... why did n't you get the ptd edition ? 
  you do n't have to pay for a year . 
  just get a $ 4 mothly card off the internet . 
  you would n't want to play dark souls without online anyway . 
  it 's also dead . 
  i 'd rather play an active version with fps drops in blight town than a 60fps game with no one in it . 
  yes . 
  you can summon while being invaded . 
  if it 's your first playthrough and you 're struggling killing the first black knight i would n't exactly recommend parrying as a strategy . 
  oh sure but there are lots people who go somewhere early in the game and just run through it as fast as possible to get the humanity ruining the whole experience for the host . 
   this item can be purchased by the same merchant that sells the white sign soapstone . 
  what ? 
  no merchant sells the white sign soapstone , and the red soapstone ca n't be sold to or purchased from any merchant . 
  is n't comcast the biggest u.s internet service provider ? 
  e. i also found another article that states 56 % of americans have a data cap in their plan . 
  the article is 2 years old and it 's my understanding the situation has only gotten worse . 
  those are definitely intended ways to fight the bosses . 
  do n't worry , you have lots and lots of bosses left to kill and i guarantee there wo n't be an easy ledge available in future fights . 
  the advertised maximum download speed is n't all there is to an internet connection . 
  i highly doubt it 's the youtube client as they use the same thing worldwide and the only place where i run into constant bitching about youtube buffering is reddit ( which is comprised mainly of people from english speaking countries ( all of which have really shitty isps ) ) . 
  i 'm not from an english speaking country myself so i do visit many other sites more or less similiar to reddit but in a different language and i 've never encountered complaints about youtube performance nor have i ever heard anyone mention youtube buffering in real life , yet here in reddit it 's almost every day you see a post about it . 
  why do you think they placed that ledge in the very strictly confined boss fight area if you were n't supposed to use it ? 
  do n't worry , it 's far from a foolproof way to kill him :p, 
  well that is exaclty what does happen just as i described . 
  wan na post the fights you 're referring to and the methods of cheese in spoiler tags or something ? 
  i 've beat the game , i 'm just wondering what you 're referring to . 
  i 'm not afraid of wasting my time, 
  haha far from perfect i 'm sure . 
  i have n't looked up any `` real '' builds nor do i pvp that much so i 'm sure there are things you can do with chaos weapons etc. 
  that are very effective but this was simply stuff i knew from my first playthrough and was easily available from the start . 
  10vit 14att 15end 10str 14dex 12res 11int 8faith . 
  which means a wanderer with 3 points into attunement and 5 into endurance . 
  rh : lightning balder side sword +5 , pyro glove +20, 
  lh : tower kite shield +15 , lgth . 
  short bow +5, 
  yes i know the heater shield is better than tower shield , but it 's too damn ugly :p tower shield does have better stability though . 
  chain armor +10 , wanderer manchette +10 , chain leggings +10 , ornsteins helm, 
  havel 's ring and fap ring giving it fast roll . 
  you do n't need to use special text, 
  without it you can take taurus demon down in about a minute . 
  with a character that you 've done nothing else with than cleared the asylum and entered burg . 
  well that pic is certainly not a flattering one . 
  the body looks good for sure but the face ... 
  a red itunes ? 
  what is this, 
  lol softcore look so fucking ridiculous when you 've never played it yourself, 
  using a folded paper seems a lot easier than using your fingers and palm, 
  i like blue, 
  or been to one after 9pm . 
  there 's a reason mcd 's in cities have security guards, 
  yeah i 'm swedish and my dick is tiny, 
  i only had 2 and 3 . 
  played a decent amount of 1 at a friends house . 
  it had the resource planet exploration but i was n't impressed at the time . 
  he liked it though and i trust him . 
  2 was absolutely 10/10, 
  3 i 'd give 8/10 . 
  felt shorter and more streamlined than 2 , was n't interested in replaying . 
  8/10 is still good for the price it is now though . 
   minimalist thing, 
   outdated, 
  never gon na happen, 
  what about dark souls and how it saves every time you do anything ( kill an enemy , use an item , take dmg , move 20 feet ), 
  it takes at least one huge loss of gameplay to realize you need to keep saving manually, 
  well i 'm glad i did n't buy the game yet . 
  get the one including all the dlc for cheap . 
  well i do now, 
  if i play it a year from now i wo n't be missing out on anything . 
  consoles got the `` goty '' version at the same time . 
  lots of games save every time there 's a load screen and have an auto-save every few minutes when exploring . 
  every time you change areas for example . 
  if you do n't want a save to be overwritten you should n't rely on autosave . 
  autosave is supposed to be overwritten all the time . 
  if you want to keep a save you make it manually . 
  i did n't even know ptd did n't come out in the u.s.
