  i know . 
  i 'm saying porn stars in general are n't that hot . 
  there 's a reason people like amateur porn . 
  no their job is to have sex on video . 
  that 's a pretty limiting factor . 
  what kind of interpretation is that ? 
  `` do not answer ? 
  i guess i better answer '', 
  lol women 's '' `` sports '' '', 
  in an old official blog post the admins said about 10 % of users even have an account and less than 10 % of those have ever written a comment, 
  if you take a snapshot of a gif or video and run it through reverse image search it often finds thumbnails of the same video on sites like liveleak with the relevant info . 
  because you need to be logged in to see her `` blog '' thread . 
  but yeah this was posted by her and there were others as well . 
  i do n't see why you make a big deal about her boobs being rock solid , there 's nothing in op 's pic that goes against that . 
  because russia likes to do russia things, 
  there was a lot more outrage and media attention for the 3 last gen gtas than 4 ever got, 
  im pretty sure the average person does know tank guns have some type of stabilizers, 
  more like 20 %, 
  unless you count the concave that was dug but as long as trees do n't grow in bowl shapes i do n't really see a better way . 
  it 's three planks of wood to make a nice high quality container that can be used for years . 
  it even looks like he only used half of each board so you can make two of these . 
  i really do n't see what the big deal with `` wasted wood '' is . 
  does anyone ? 
  i think those are leaves, 
  just because uploading it to flickr does n't legally change his rights and ownership of the picture does n't mean it 's the best way to go if you want to protect your property or profit off of it . 
   is that motorist doing something illegal ? 
  in sweden you are expected to slow way down if your spray have a chance to hit people . 
  i did n't say he wants to profit off of it . 
  i said uploading it publicly is asking for it to be downloaded and redistributed regardless of what copyright logo he puts next to it . 
  good luck going to court over some internet stranger rehosting your picture . 
   because you do n't really need luck to go to court to get the money you 're legally entitled to . 
  have fun trying to fight some french guy with a dns hosting your images on a singaporean server in american copyright court . 
  the reality of the internet is not as simple as it looks like in a law book and if someone is bothering to run some stock photo or print selling operation to profit off of someone else 's work they 're going to go through the 15 minute hassle of making themselves practically untraceable . 
   if tangible money is being made , it 's not `` untraceable '' . 
  end of . 
  maybe if you 're running a terrorist cell and have secret police after you money is n't untraceable . 
  for small online businesses it 's laughably easy to make untraceable money . 
  ever heard of bitcoin ? 
  even something as simple as free tor uses three different random connections around the world that change at the click of a button . 
  really think you 're going to get all these different countries polices and judges etc to work together for your nickle and dime copyright case when it takes them years to track down murderers and terrorists ? 
  anyone who would make illegal money on the internet would use a dns or tor or something similiar and receive payment in bitcoin or other cryptocurrency . 
  it takes literally minutes to set up , it 's not a special situation . 
   go after the webhost . 
  go after their dns . 
  go after their ad revenue . 
  go after their payment processor . 
  sue literally anyone and you obtain this `` hurr durr untraceable '' information through discovery . 
  yeah and have fun paying tens of thousands of legal fees for nothing because you 'll still never catch him . 
  foreign dns providers do n't give a fuck about your threats and letters . 
  that 's what people pay them for . 
  that 's why they 're always registered on the other side of the world . 
  not to mention you 'd never even get far enough to identify the service provider or the payment processor . 
  with something like tor people do n't even know who they 're `` servicing '' and are not in legal responsibility for what someone else has done using their connection . 
  you have this strange naive fixation that is almost a power fantasy . 
  it could not be done in real life . 
  not unless you have the resources of something like cia or interpol . 
   yeah , the bitcoin operated small time copyright infringement black market is real huge . 
  piss off , kiddo . 
  practically all the illegal money moves either via cash or cryptocurrencies these days . 
  it 's not its own `` bitcoin market '' . 
  if there 's someone making money from copyright infringement on the internet he 's getting paid with bitcoin no matter where he operates . 
  it 's really not a fantasy . 
  it 's how the world is these days . 
  unlike you i have actually both studied the subject and have extensive personal experience with the technology . 
  anyone who has would know that what i 'm telling you is very simple basics of what can be done by anyone with a cheap laptop and an internet connection with no special skills or education in a matter of minutes . 
  i know it 's a scary thought that you ca n't just go `` sue sue sue '' and justice will prevail . 
  that 's why governments and big businesses are n't exactly thrilled about the `` rise '' of cryptocurrencies and deep web . 
  but there 's really no reason to put your head in the sand like you 're doing . 
  you can run multiple bots in virtual machines and good internet is cheap in a lot of poor places, 
  cant queue like he 'd get the regular error that anyone else trying to que in a party with a 2k difference gets, 
  just saying we have identical specs down to the same ram and i have no issues but i 'm running win 8.1, 
  not everyone lives in a trailer park . 
  also hardwood floors are standard outside the us . 
  in a blurry cell phone pic they all look good . 
  i feel like he should 've painted his helmet to match the car, 
  at least go all black or white instead of the bright orange, 
  are you serious ? 
  the default pc viewmodel gets in the way all the time when in situations where you have to watch more than one spot, 
  she does lesbian stuff with toys etc. 
  if you 're into that stuff . 
  daily reminder that this is what americans consider banter, 
  the most amazing part about this is that if i read this correctly had you been watching a dvd or something similiar with your parents you would 've fast forwarded the sex scenes etc ? 
  if you 're going to do multiple charts with the same things in each do n't switch the colors around between them, 
  very painfully, 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure that gun has more than 2 bullets in its magazine, 
  see how the floor has like a wooden part in the middle and rubber parts on the sides ? 
  it 's designed for this . 
  episode 1 is the only star wars i 've seen in its entirety ( in theaters ) and i remember people hated it when it came out . 
  macbook pro is very different from macbook/macbook air . 
  i used to run a server with extensive mods etc. 
  on my mbp back in alpha/beta and play at the same time and it was fine . 
  `` now '', 
  i do n't know about you but i bought this game at launch and the 25 mod was already in the workshop . 
  i 've never played the game without it . 
  9 always looked small . 
  well the guy said `` religion '' . 
  not `` a religion '' . 
  so tl ; dr the whiny bitch who could n't handle banter was a whiny bitch . 
  big surprise really , 9 times out of ten when someone claims they were `` assaulted '' on social media they were the ones causing trouble and had to be escorted out . 
  i have no clue who the other two even are .
