  if you do n't want to go into detail , then why did you pick your name to be eodtechusmc ? 
  you could have picked anything in the world , but you picked the one sounding like you 're a military spokesman . 
  people are going to ask questions . 
  but if the ones at the boneyard already count like you said , then it would n't matter if they were changed to something useful , right ? 
  well that was a shitty article . 
  they did n't even bother to explain what they meant by `` constitution-free zone '', 
  he would 've seen it had he been walking on the right side of the road . 
  and by right i mean left . 
  the correct side . 
  i never said he was being a dick . 
  i 'm just curious why someone who is not paid to do so would pick their profession as their reddit username . 
  it 's only a competition when cs wins, 
  til somebody uses xbox music/zune/nokia music/whatever they call it . 
  nothing new about this . 
  people invested hundreds of thousands of dollars to eve online in the early 2000s, 
  if you hit the maximum that should trigger a warning somewhere in your head . 
  somebody is always going to pay more outside the game + no valve tax . 
   i could be persuaded into explaning why using the ' , ' as a decimal separator is stupid as hell if anyone cares . 
  there are no commas in the middle of sentences . 
  you could think of a number as one sentence . 
  because this is not the first time he 's seen dumb kids use computers, 
  [ how i really pictured him ] ( http://images.mmorpg.com/features/8277/images/south-park-wow-guy.jpg ), 
  it 's a beautiful idea and provides some epic moments but it 's glitchy as shit and technical difficulties are n't just common , they 're a core piece of the experience . 
  it really depends on the individual whether you 're able to enjoy it in its current state or not . 
  buy a new game, 
  seriously , once you get bored of a game nothing is better than putting it down for a while and then giving it another shot later on . 
  this is normal ? 
  i 've lived here for two years and i do n't even know any of my neighbours by name . 
  it 's not even a ghetto or anything , it 's a nice neighbourhood . 
  propably one of those wrist supports to combat carpal tunnel, 
  even worse is the paypal chargeback feature since it looks like a legit donation at first . 
  i was watching nosleeptv a few days ago and he was talking about how someone chargebacked $ 450 that he had donated a few months ago . 
  i do n't get why paypal even has that feature let alone why there is no time limit/the time limit is so fucking long . 
  it 's an issue way larger than cs : go . 
  you could post this on any video game sub or sport sub or even city subs . 
  that 's why i do n't get why this post got upvoted ( i do , it 's white guilt ) . 
  it made some sense before arms deal update . 
  no menus while in lobby . 
  sucks but i can live with it . 
  now that they added the skins ( and the inventory ) and they 're obviously able to make it so that lobby does n't require your full attention , why the fuck ca n't i go into my settings ? 
   do n't see how the monetization is a problem . 
  if you do n't like it , do n't buy keys or anything ,, 
  well the arms deal update did cause a major drop in fps to all players . 
  even if you have a really end pc you probably lost like 1/3 of your frames . 
  that being said the game is a hundred times better than it was a year ago , even with the slightly lower fps . 
   that does n't mean i want to play 10v10 or stick to dm or surfing . 
  what about community competetive ? 
  stop obsessing about ranks and your 5v5 competetive becomes a 5v5 casual . 
  you 're welcome . 
  probably the same as the map group : quick match bug . 
  just happens occasionally ( = rarely ) , has been that way for ages . 
  the lobby is glitched so you need to create a new one but other than that you do n't need to do anything . 
  i think you just got lucky . 
  i do n't remember a time when i did n't occasionally see a hacker on mm . 
  just last week i played against a bot with a negev and an aimbot spamming the text chat with an url to buy boosting services at . 
  even with fixes it 's still a shitty map . 
  just cut your losses and replace it with a better map for competetive . 
  any proper team does n't do that though . 
  nobody cares about their personal money . 
  i 'm not saying this should n't be fixed , because it should , but in effect it 's already pooled together from one source . 
  it says three minutes but it 's longer than that . 
  usually three rounds . 
  add people you like playing with , play with their friends , add the ones you liked playing with , play with them and their friends etc. 
  i had about 15 friends who play csgo when i started so i did n't really start from the bottom , but now i have over a 100 active players on my friends list any of which i 'll gladly invite to a lobby if we need a player and who do the same for me . 
  if i 'm not on my computer i usually have about 10 expired invites by the end of the day . 
  many of those 15 have actually stopped playing . 
  dmg soloque can give you anything from gold nova 1 to supreme as your team/opponents so your rank does n't really matter that much . 
  especially if you do n't pick the most played maps ( which i would never play without a 5man ), 
  i fucking hate people who alt-tab when they die . 
  i do n't care what you say , i can tell it affects your focus . 
   my new friends should n't be facing novas, 
  why ? 
  is n't that where most people start anyway ? 
  dying on purpose . 
  `` feeding '' the opponent kills . 
  which gives them gold . 
  which helps them win . 
  do n't worry they added a cod-scope for the aug and sig . 
  sc2 at least is a much , much harder and more complex game than cs : go . 
  especially the initial learning curve because you have so many hotkeys to memorize . 
  i started as the bottom of bronze losing over 25 games straight before getting a single win . 
  everyone i know started from the bottom of bronze . 
  i have n't played any fps game with a mouse since battlefield 2 and my initial rank was mg1 . 
  all my friends started as gold novas or mgs , some even eagles . 
  i also friends who do n't really play videogames and only play the game about once every few weeks or even months and they 're all gold nova 1-3 . 
  i 've never actually seen a silver in-game . 
  if you ask me gold nova are the noob levels ( with no hatred , just people new to the game ) . 
  silver is for people who play with shitty mobile internet or 5 fps tablet or something . 
  or russian 10 year olds etc. 
  wait are you actually seriously suggesting they add ads to counter-strike ? 
  i 've never tried casual , so i 'm not sure of the player quality in there , but i doubt it 's very good nor are the teams organized . 
  loaded just fine , faster than it could play . 
  but it is 36mb so i understand if people with slower internet connections struggle . 
  not the host 's fault though . 
   if a woman became pregnant and was n't planning on having a kid , she would simply abort it . 
  what is disgusting about this ? 
  to me this seems the only reasonable way to handle a situation like this . 
  unplanned kids to people who are n't ready to parent a child is disgusting if you ask me . 
  sending a picture of yourself and the baby to the newspapers ( and propably giving an interview , i did n't actually read the article ) implies some sort of pride . 
   abortion is always going to be murder of human life , and people tend to have accidents often .
