  i do n't think that 's so uncommon . 
  i 've never seen one in real life . 
  i already use hotkeys even without the pictures so i do n't think it 'd be that different . 
  besides even in pitch dark the screen is more than enough to light the keyboard . 
  i 'm not saying illumination could n't be useful , just that it is n't a dealbreaker . 
  greetings , everyone . 
  i am new . 
  ( one second - let me get this spork out of the way . ), 
  my name is katy , but you can call me the penguin of doom . 
  ( i 'm laughing aloud . ), 
  as you can plainly see , my actions have no pattern whatsoever . 
  that is why i have come here . 
  to meet similarly patternless individuals , such as myself . 
  i am 13 - mature for my age , however !, 
  - and i enjoy watching invader zim with my girlfriend . 
  ( i am bisexual . 
  please approach this subject maturely . ), 
  it is our favorite television show , as it adequately displays stochastic manners of behavior such as we possess . 
  she behaves without order - of course - but i wish to meet more individuals of her and my kind . 
  as the saying goes , `` the more , the merrier . '', 
  ah , it is to laugh . 
  anyway , i hope to make many friends here , so please comment freely . 
  doom !, 
  that is simply one of many examples of my random actions . 
  ha , ha . 
  fare thee well . 
  i wish you much love and waffles . 
  yours ,, 
  the penguin of doom . 
  name ? 
  while i fully support one 's right to organize a group like this i have to agree it 's non-manly and gay . 
  this is not `` men expressing themselves freely without restraints from judgemental women '' . 
  this is men acting like women . 
  i 'm not saying that 's a bad thing , i 'm just pointing it out . 
  if it were sweden would be darker . 
  yeah i was about to quit in the first minutes as well . 
  i 'm glad i did n't , just finished the game . 
  same here . 
  i guess that 's a tribute to their quality of work . 
  what is the top10 then ? 
  i really do n't understand why esports and sports should counter each other . 
  i have a subscription to nhl gamecenter live as well as gsl . 
  best of both worlds . 
  from my perspective watching either feels pretty similiar . 
  i mean there 's a reason it 's called `` esports '' . 
  well allow me to rephrase my question , why do you think they are by default ? 
  the age old geeks vs jocks separation ? 
  i do n't know anyone who 'd only watch e-sports and not also `` regular '' sports . 
  actually good point . 
  partysnatchers comment did n't even say counterpart so i do n't know why i used that word . 
  definitely not what i was going for . 
  and not just the superbowl . 
  in almost every sport reflexes and `` mind '' play just as big a role as strenght and endurance . 
  track & field and distance running/skating/cycling are the only one i can think of where they are n't as important . 
  you can tell dyamalos has very little understanding of how any team sports work if he 's seriously trying to imply that reflexes and smarts do n't play just as big a part as they do in e-sports . 
  i understand the theory yet i 'm still not convinced how well it applies here . 
  granted i 'm not american so our views of the society might be different but i do n't think there 's such a group as `` people who watch sports '' . 
  i do n't know a single ( male ) person who does n't watch at least some sports , and i would by no definition call the people i hang out with `` jocks '' . 
  to me grouping all people who watch sports together is like grouping all people who use the internet or own a cell phone together . 
  i 've never heard of 2-7, 
  i understand why they exist but why does every city building mmo like this utilize that system ? 
  i 'd like to play a game like this but like the guy above limiting play in this manner is a dealbreaker for me . 
  also the flash player requirement kinda sucks cause i 'd love to check on the game on my phone . 
  i just registered on my phone but have to wait until i get home to try it out . 
  i do n't disagree her behaviour was inappropriate but all that was before setting the bail at 5k . 
  unless i missed something he bumped it up to 10k purely for the adios which was even more immature than anything she did . 
  do you find her sexually attractive ? 
  i do n't so her sex hardly plays any role . 
  clear misuse of power . 
  while that is good advice it does n't make it any less abuse of power . 
  how is `` adios '' in response to `` bye bye '' disrespectful towards the legal system ? 
  that 's the only thing she said between setting the bail at 5k and raising it to 10k so anything happening prior to that can not be taken into consideration . 
  if anything in the above post came as news to you i can not understand how you considered yourself to be good at math . 
  unless you 're in grade school , because the stuff above is taught in middle school . 
  well would you care to explain it then ? 
  i do n't really see a joke here either . 
  are north dakotans good at selling stuff ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  \\  on her period, 
  \\  wo n't be getting sex, 
  amateurs, 
  there were hardly any good jokes pre-cancellation though, 
  family guy was n't hilarious to fresh eyes from 1999-2001 . 
  it was great after the revival for about 3 seasons . 
  those were it 's prime years . 
  pre-cancellation it simply had the problem of not being funny . 
  i like shootouts, 
  fans and the broadcasting crew have slow motion replays , the referees do n't . 
  billions of flies enjoy the taste of horse manure, 
  finding nemo came out 10 years ago, 
  this content on this subreddit is not meant to be funny . 
  gtfo, 
  you all watched tv together at a party ? 
  youtube and liveleak have also taught me to stay away from russia . . and america . 
  i do n't understand why the appearance of a stillborn baby is important . 
  i understand having some sort of memoir since obviously preparing for the baby was already an important period in your life but why would you want to take a picture of it ? 
  you were n't looking at the fetus during those 9 months either . 
  people take pictures of alive children because that 's how they remember them . 
  that 's not the case with a stillborn as obviously you would n't be planning a future for a dead baby . 
  so if you have a reason for going crazy you suddenly are n't crazy ?
