  this is the part of the message i was referring to, 
  i find it pretty unlikely that the players had no access to internet except agar.io as the only site they could connect to . 
  well of course it 's even better when a team is coordinating but even in a pub environment it 's one of the best ultimates in the game . 
  honestly pinging a player before an offensive swap is usually all the coordination you need . 
  when you swap an opponent into the middle of your team people usually know to hit him . 
  the defensive application requires even less coordination . 
  there 's really no other spell that can save a teammate as effectively . 
  as a venge you should n't fear dying . 
  imagine a situation where your carry gets surprised out of position . 
  they might even commit big abilities to bring him down but you swap him right before he dies . 
  your carry survives and with a bit of luck and right items ( shift-queued blink , glimmer cape ) you might get out too . 
  if you do n't get out there 's the vengeance aura you give the enemy team . 
  you 've just turned a situation that would 've been a 4v5 with your carry dead to 4v5 where your carry is alive , the enemy ca n't push because they have a negative buff and wasted their skills and all you paid for it was a support that does n't even need items . 
  these and interupting any channeling spells through bkb are the most common uses but it 's a very versatile tool . 
  say you get caught warding the river for example . 
  the enemy surprises you and you 're heavily outmatched in right click damage but you throw your stun , swap a nearby teammate in and throw a scream . 
  now that enemy is fighting your similiar position hero except he already wasted his spells , his armor is lowered and might very well be caught in a stunlock if your teammate has any disables . 
  it can even be used similarly in teamfights with a hero like enigma , tide or axe before blink dagger or if blink is unavailable due to a number of reasons . 
  dota is all about positioning and it 's an instant ability that forces a hero , allied or enemy , to a position of your choosing and can not be countered . 
  it 's totally lame and uncool to do anime review videos when you look like you have n't kissed a girl yet . 
  are you okay ? 
  wait so that means the lasagna is crystal maiden ? 
  i did n't say that . 
  i did n't even mention cheats . 
  i said it 's pretty ridiculous to assume they do n't have access to internet except for one obscure flash game that for some reason is allowed but every other possible connection is blocked . 
  i never realized it was the same since the 40s, 
  for me it was always `` the 90s logo '' vs `` the 2000s logo '' . 
  i did n't even realize dallas had a new logo . 
  looks like a perfect example of one of those logos that 's going to be changed back in a few years and people will look back at it like `` i do n't know what they were thinking '', 
  damn this is in finland ? 
  i saw the ground at the start of the gif and immidiately thought that 's finland but changed my mind when something cool happened . 
  it hardly makes a difference whether it 's a gram or an ounce if the cops find it . 
  neither is enough for intent to distribute or your local variant of a harsher sentence but both are enough to get you a ticket and a nasty record . 
  he 's not shocked , it 's part of the act . 
  he 's saying i just asked for the time and is trying to act like a person who just asked for the time and nothing else , that 's the point of the video . 
  i mean the whole thing is obviously fake but that 's what the character is doing . 
  serves you right for picking techies, 
  you 're not a teenage girl . 
  single player ? 
  i 've found that for multiplayer it does n't matter what kind of pc or settings i have . 
  very high with long draw distances i get constant 100 + , then i go to multiplayer and it 's like 30-40 . 
  i try to put everything to low and it 's the exact fucking same 30-40 . 
  really the biggest reason i do n't play arma as much as i 'd like to . 
   that just means you can pick anything and all steps , i guess , are interpolated, 
  well that would n't make any sense . 
  there must be at least one value that is `` true '' . 
  i 'm thinking the opposite that since the mouse only has 4 dpi settings they 're all `` true '' and that 's why there is no optimal value . 
  e. just to clear it up in case anyone else is reading this i did some googling and the sensor in question does in fact have all 4 settings as `` native '' with no interpolation for any of them . 
  the dpi setting actually affects how the sensor functions and does n't just apply a multiplier, 
   in csgo it uses raw input so it would n't matter . 
  raw input means that the game ignores the windows setting ( = it 's equal to 6/11 ) and nothing else . 
   and the whole angle resolutionution makes no sense because your mouse is sending the same amount of information regardless of dpi . 
  depends on your mouse . 
  in some mice the sensor functions at a constant dpi and the `` dpi setting '' is just a built in sensitivity multiplier . 
  on others you can actually change the dpi the sensor operates on . 
  if you 're lucky to have a mouse like this then setting it on a higher dpi and lower sens would in fact result in smoother curves . 
  on a straight line 400@2.0 and 1600@0.5 are identical but in drawing a circle there would be a difference . 
  if you do n't understand try imagining a 40 dpi @ 20 or even 10 dpi @ 80 sens. 
  your mouse would only register it 's location 10 times per inch and multiply that by 80 which in a straight line is the same as 800 times multiplied by 1 but it would make one blocky circle . 
  if i only drank when i felt thirsty i 'd probably drink once a day . 
  thank you for saving me the effort of finding this video, 
  but why the fixation with 1 ? 
  most mouse sensors use a static dpi anyway and `` changing '' the mouse dpi is just interpolating a new `` dpi '' meaning one more unnecessary multiplier . 
  it 's much better to use the native dpi of your mouse sensor and change the in-game sensitivity . 
  you do realize it 's possible to have a sens lower than 1 , right ? 
  yeah i know . . but the community made missions are the reason i like the game, 
  that is exactly how it works . 
  https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/ms645543 ( v = vs. 85 ) . aspx, 
  though you 're right that 90 % of `` gaming mice '' and 99 + % of mice in general use a static native dpi that the sensor always reads at , then interpolates ( = applies a multiplayer ) to get the `` dpi '' you 've selected so a higher dpi is n't always better or more accurate , it can even be worse . 
  not all mice work like this though , especially if you 're willing to do research or possibly pay a few extra bucks . 
  the avago 3310 is one example of a modern sensor used in gaming mice that has multiple native dpi settings , meaning the sensor actually captures the image at a different dpi when you change the dpi setting . 
  meaning it gains accuracy the higher you set your dpi ( up to a certain hardware limitation ( 5000 in the case of the avago 3310 ) ) . 
  just because you either have a mouse with a static dpi or you ca n't feel the difference in game instantly ( i never claimed it to be a mind blowing difference ) does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  i use the zowie ec2-a and it is a wonderful mouse but the same sensor ( avago 3310 ) is also used by at least zowie ec1-a , zowie fk1 , steelseries rival , roccat kone pure military and corsair m45 . 
  the difference between ec2-a and ec1-a is only their physical size and weight ( released at the same time , preference ) . 
  the fk1 has a slightly different shape and iirc a different texture on the coating . 
  i ca n't speak for the other mice as i 've only been using zowie mice for a few years now . 
  not because i do n't recommend the others but because i do n't know . 
  i would recommend the ec1/2-a though . 
  this is the only reasonable solution . 
  i 'm actually for keeping the current blink mechanic , but a sound que would make it a lot more intuitive . 
  but this feature would be to encourage practice . 
  nobody 's talking about a range finder or an automatic targeting or anything retarded like that . 
  because rewarding skill , practice and experience is useless to the game experience and only functions to raise the e-peen of internet commenters , amirite ? 
  i do n't feel this way about myself . 
  i 'm definitely too ugly even for the average ugly person . 
  15 minutes sounds like a long time, 
  constantly repeating dank memes and awkwardly talking to girls to the point where i do n't even think it 's a joke truly is the definition of funny people, 
  i played my first 100 hours with nothing but 3.5-4 .5 k players and got calibrated at 1.4 k #yolo, 
  i 'm sure you 're glad to have those long charges left in your bkb when you 're dead . 
  10/10 would spam, 
  haha i originally tought lesh had aegis . 
  typical od contribution . 
  liquipedia is rarely right, 
  networth does affect aoe gold at least, 
   the amount of aoe bonus gold given is now increased/decreased by up to 20 % based on the dying hero 's relative rank in net worth amongst all the enemies on that team . 
  this is just the latest patch notes , i 'm sure they affect kill reward in general too, 
  on a related note can a hit on an item miss due to high ground/a debuff on you ? 
  i have 1/5 and only use quick cast for blink dagger . 
  i should probably set up configs for different heroes .
