  the entire manual is about how you can heat flowers to smell good or something , i did n't bother finishing it either . 
  oh yeah ... when i began typing the upper e lit up first so i never really even thought of that, 
  it is but hey manuals you know . 
  i do n't know about you but i do n't think i 've ever read them with any device . 
  that 's what being a man is all about :p, 
  yeah that 's a good point . 
  while people generally do n't give a damn whether you 're finnish swedish or swedish finnish or whatever they do tend to hate the swedish language . 
  largely due to how they 're forced to learn it all through school even though it is of very little use , especially outside the coastal region . 
  yeah except you ca n't really go renaming files if you wish to seed them . 
  which is mandatory in any quality tracker . 
  also because scene releases are still archived, 
   avoiding legal exposure by not uploading, 
  i 'm just going to go ahead and assume you 're either a troll or a 12 year old who takes health ed way too seriously . 
  well yes there is but in that world swedish is a very minority language . 
  i for example feel german , russian or spanish lessons would had been a much better use of time and resources . 
  yeah it did n't bother me either . 
  until they locked me out of my account for `` security reasons '' and the help center ca n't re-activate it until i provide them with a cd-key of a game i bought physically . 
  the thing is though that the only game in my steam account purcased outside of steam is half-life 1 and excuse me but in the decade or so i seem to have misplaced it . 
   obviously in this image the bus tips over but if the bus was in a head on accident the change in velocity would n't be that large, 
  true but not all accidents are head on collisions . 
  for example if the bus slid off the road it could easily roll over . 
  besides i do n't see anyone mentioning head on collisions in either one of the posts , this or original . 
   it 's becoming fairly apparent bt is pretty full of himself . 
  `` i am a man that believes sound can change the world . 
  i seek , i learn . 
  on a shining blue dot . '', 
  you do n't say, 
  peer pressure is the best kind of pressure . 
  or peer . 
  if you enjoy the effects of weed ( which you obviously do since you own a vaporizer and have recently purchased or otherwise acquired a `` stash '' ) and you 've never tried smoking it you 're really missing out . 
  do n't get me wrong vaping is fun as well , but the effects of smoking and vaping differ greatly . 
  how i met your mother used to be 87 times better than how i met your mother, 
  goon was fucking awesome though, 
  oh shit you were talking about a literal nightmare . 
  my bad . 
  yeah vaping is probably the `` friendliest '' largely due to the effect not being as strong and definitely not as `` stoning '' . 
  you get the more active parts of a high without the feeling of being as intoxicated . 
  but i and many if not most `` smokers '' love that feeling of intoxication . 
  which is why i like switching it up and alternating between vaping and smoking . 
  you can play with a friend against another human over xbl . 
  i really do n't see the point of including cpu in the mix . 
  no i really would n't care either way . 
  i just feel bad for you if you seriously play against cpu in the year 2012 . 
  it 's just so completely shitty and allows for minimal creativity since there are only certain things that work against the computer and you ca n't fool it like a real opponent . 
  it does n't but you 're right it does give you a `` sharper '' feeling especially if you 've been laying stoned on the couch for an extended period of time . 
  does n't really take away the high as give you a energy boost . 
  like washing your face or something . 
  you do know that many eyedrops are only good for a bout a month , right ? 
  source : [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eye_drop ), 
   most pharmacists recommend disposal of most types of eyedrops after 28 days as they are only stable in solution for 28 days . 
  on the other hand i just checked the box i purchased a few weeks back and it says best before 03/2015 so who knows . 
   he got 1.9 million ?? 
  wow , and all he had to do was get almost killed by police officers in his own home for no reason, 
  i 'd get tazed for 1.9 million . 
  hell i 'd get tazed for $ 1900 . 
  maybe $ 190, 
  yeah i know what goes on in cod lobbies but no one 's arguing his racist talks are illegal . 
  it 's the providing someone else 's home address after racist slurs that 's got people upset . 
  2vs2 if you want co-op, 
  to me he sounds like a fun kid, 
  i do n't care that much about the fights but hockeyfights.com has better highlight videos and video quality than any other hockey website, 
  you forgot the part about feelings changing, 
  if you do n't know why people hate jagr you obviously have n't been watching international hockey ( especially world cups ) . 
  i for one was surprised by the overall niceness of the comments given the nature of the picture . 
  welcome to reddit, 
  name ? 
  source ? 
  anything ? 
  it 's also tons of fun, 
  i 'm european and american football is ten times more interesting than soccer . 
  like in other real sports ( for example : hockey ) the players give their all on every play and do n't just wait for any excuse to drop down and cry like a bitch . 
  also half the games do n't end 0-0 . 
  those are actually finnish jonnes from [ kuvalauta ] ( http://www.kuvalauta.fi/ ) ( finnish for image board ) . 
  known these days as [ ylilauta ] ( http://ylilauta.fi/ ) . 
   people will be still remember rooney 's volley last year, 
  i think you have a pretty silly definition of people since i consider myself a person and i have no clue what you 're talking about, 
  remember not all of reddit is american and for example where i come from `` mr/mrs lastname '' would be awkward as hell . 
  i do n't think i 've ever called anyone mr. anything other than as a joke . 
  we even talk to our teachers on a first name basis . 
  e. oh and never had this problem with so 's parents either . 
  i just asked her what their first names were , she told me , i called them that . 
  problem solved . 
  even though it 's illegal to sell in finland it is very popular here as well . 
  especially among younger people . 
  i know more people that use snus than smoke cigarettes these days . 
  and while cigarettes are usually smoked only by `` smokers '' pretty much anyone will take a snus if offered . 
  finland, 
  well look at that . 
  and all this time i thought at least someone in the mods cared about this subreddit . 
  that rule was the last thing keeping f7u12 from turning into a complete shitstorm . 
  tbh i thought the announcement was april fools the minute i saw it . 
  if you search for reddit there are a bunch so idk which one we 're talking about . 
  vp is 83 or 84 ovr . 
  i can play any midfield or attack , preferably r/l/cam, 
  yeah that 's why i just play custom h2h games with my pro in the roster these days . 
  i could n't stand the hogging and noobery in pro ranked matches . 
  generic blah blah not all kids are brats made up story . 
  all that lacks is that annoying tear face in the last pic . 
  downvoted nevertheless . 
  it 'd actually be a decent job only 2 miles away but what 's the point of having a job if you ca n't spend the money on the only thing you need money for ?
