  well that applies to pretty much anything . 
  slavery was n't that bad , that was just the norm back then so it did n't seem as bad as it would be if we time-traveled back now . 
  working at a factory at 10 years old was just the norm back then so it did n't seem as bad as it would be if we time-traveled back now . 
  those download speeds and the inconsistency sucked dick even back then . 
  downloading an episode of the simpsons only to find out hours later it was dubbed in french . 
  that pissed the shit out of me back then even though it was pretty normal . 
  i do n't have to have lived 2013 where i can download a full hd movie in the time it takes me to make a sandwhich to be annoyed when a telemarketer stops my download at 95 % . 
  i would . 
  tim thomas has always been amazing well beyond his stats in ea nhl games . 
  i do n't know what it is , maybe he has a specific `` play style '' in the game that works well with how people play it , but i always had him in hut and he would regularly outperform people with real money bought teams and haseks or fleurys etc. 
  in goal . 
  he would just jump around like crazy doing desperation saves way better than any other goalie . 
  i know it is n't . 
  i know having debt is n't actually a bad thing . 
  that does n't mean the american economy is doing excellent with endless money to spare on military hardware . 
   i will look into that removal of social media buttons , yet i think i use them from time to time in news sites , so maybe i 'll use it on my nsfw profile . 
  i do n't like actually whenever your browser loads that `` like '' or `` share '' button it actually sends facebook data about the site your visiting . 
  i know my friends ca n't see it if i do n't press the button but it 's still a bit of a breach on privacy . 
  if i really want to share something copypasting the url is n't too much trouble . 
  yeah but if you look at the state of the nation , do you think it 's one where you actually can afford to fight those conflicts . 
  like i said , being able to do something and affording to do something are two different things . 
  i understand how nation 's debt differs from a persons , and i 'm not saying having debt as a nation is bad thing . 
  in fact it 's better to have debt than none at all . 
  it 's just not good to take debt and use that money to fire billions of dollars worth ammunition, 
  that 's a very middle school attitude . 
  seriously . 
  even in high school our teachers told us to just stay home if we were n't going to listen anyway , it 's better for the rest of the students not to have someone there to distract them . 
  yeah but if everyone gets that same penalty then could n't you consider that `` double '' penalty to be the standard penalty ? 
  after all you ca n't really compare one classes points or grades to another class . 
  i know, 
  yeah well i have n't ran into any classes with a mandatory attendance since middle school which was kinda the point . 
  define `` worse '' . 
  maybe if you look at your bank account but not giving a shit and enjoying life aka . 
  being an unemployed drug addict is pretty fun . 
  and that 's what life 's all about , right ? 
  enjoying it . 
  i do n't really care what happens when i 'm gone as i wo n't be here to observe it . 
  i 'm not really on denial . 
  i 'm fully aware of the things you said . 
  it 's just that my life is not that `` abnormal '' . 
  i admit calling myself a drug addict was partly for the shock value as i do n't really do hard drugs , but i 'd estimate i 'm on something more days than not . 
  depends on your definition . 
  i live on government welfare , i have a good enough apartment , a 100mbit internet connection , 27 '' monitor for my computer and enough money for food . 
  i really like cooking . 
  cooking and playing video games or watching movies . 
  i know i would n't enjoy a professional kitchen environment and i 'm even scared it 'd ruin my passion outside the job . 
  to be honest my life is not that bad right now . 
  yeah and if i remember high school classes correctly blue eyes are whatever the opposite of a dominant gene is called . 
  so it 's even more likely we 're family without you even knowing . 
  why no space guns ? 
   we were filming undercover while a group of researchers -- one finnish , one russian and one somali -- attempted a series of tests to see whether finnish people treat them differently because of their ethnic background . 
   all researchers had the ** same cover story , with similar education , job experience and financial status ** , but with one vital difference -- a name that made each researcher 's ethnic origin very clear . 
  the programme is available at yle eyewitness : undercover immigrant . 
  not even mentioning language skills . 
  i 'm willing to bet there was more than one difference . 
  would n't that be `` correctly '' ? 
  i have never seen anyone play any sort of music music out loud in a bus except for sporting events . 
   you can watch the program at 20 o'clock tonight . 
  yeah or i could bash my head into the wall repeatedly . 
  in fact that 's probably a lot more entertaining . 
  5000rp , $ 5000 , armor and a minigun is the normal special crate . 
  i did get 9999 ammo though . 
  i came here expecting [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=radfkyywjy8 ) but i actually laughed at some of these . 
  because i 'm not even sure it is possible the way games on demand is set up . 
  personally i would n't believe even if they said it was `` tuned '' to make it work . 
  it wo n't work as well . 
  that 's a simple fact because the way gta is coded clearly uses both the bandwidth of either the hdd and the disc drive or hdd and usb drive . 
  the hdd alone simply can not match the speed of hdd + anything else on top of it . 
  you 'll probably be able to play it , but i personally would get the disc version as the game just manages to run smoothly with no noticeable popup . 
  i do n't get it and i love it, 
  this can happen to every single one of you who wears a harvard shirt . 
  but just imagine the fact that it can happen . 
  de_prodigy ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the ct reach the balcony first . 
  it 's been years since i 've played that map . 
  http://thechampishere2.tripod.com/my_pictures/de_prodigy_1.jpg ct start at the middle bottom ( b bomb ) , t start at top left , balcony is that thing on the far right . 
  or did t start at the room in top mid ... ? 
  there 's a reason that map was phased out . 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure they did . 
  t got there first . 
  at least on xbox 95 % of the characters are male . 
  i play as a female because i 've played all the gta 's and this is the first time i could . 
  i 've found that people are overly nice to me almost all the time . 
  some call me a lesbian because she has short hair but most of the time people wait to give me a ride or say compliments more than they usually would when i get something right . 
  if i 'm not using a mic that is . 
  oh yeah i was talking about de_prodigy but thinking like it was a hostage map . 
  just woke up sry . 
  of course t 's do n't spawn at the bomb site . 
  still i have no clue which team got to the balcony first though . 
  iirc the firefights we 're between that long hallway and the end of the balcony which would mean t 's could reach their end of the balcony first but i 'm not sure if that was just because ct 's stopped in the hallway because it 's a better place to defend than the balcony . 
  yeah that 's pretty much what i remember . 
  though if his entire team was jumping off they were probably t. ct 's often stop to sit in that hallway before the balcony where as there 's usually always someone from the t side watching that balcony if the ct 's decided to rush . 
  your tv probably has a 3.5 mm audio out for headphones etc. 
  you can use a simple $ .50 adapter [ like this ] ( http://www.apogeekits.com/images/3.5mm_male_to_rca_female.jpg ) , set the voice chat to go through `` speakers '' and plug that black thing in the controller for the mic . 
  i 'm not sure what that usb is for , it 's possible you do n't need the rca at all if you use the usb . 
  power for a headset ? 
  i 've never seen one that requires additional power on top of the controller/sound input connection . 
  i do n't know about target headphones though . 
  i 'm aware of the `` hack '' you 're talking about but afaik and on all the headsets/audio systems i 've worked on never actually required any broken cables . 
  just set the audio to go through the tv headphone jack .
