  i do n't care about marketing , i care about the product . 
  not really though . 
  a band 's music continues to exist after the initial release of the album and it 's continued success also a measure of success or `` being big '' . 
   if one direction has n't had the time frame to measure it 's `` continued success '' as a metric , how do you compare the metrics ? 
  you ca n't give it a 0 unless your expecting the apocalypse and you ca n't give it an actual score because it does n't exist . 
  so you give it a zero because it does n't exist . 
  it 's not a matter of `` who deservers it more '' . 
  beatles has been around for longer so they have an unfair advantage . 
  so what ? 
  that unfair advantage exists and it affects their popularity so it would be stupid to deny it . 
  but the same thing applies to every ps4 driving game so does it really matter which box he used for the photo ? 
   but they literally were first, 
  i know . 
  i did n't say they were n't . 
  i said i do n't give a fuck who was first since it does n't affect either product in any way . 
  yeah helsinki has heated sidewalks too ( and heated floors are the norm ) . 
   a device that slows the film down, 
  would n't the film have to be speeded up to get the footage to slow down ? 
  why would i want to use this when i can just go to the regular sub and use res which easier to use and more convenient ? 
  there 's a reason people steer away from amd cards these days . 
  it 's got nothing to do with fanboyism or picking a side etc. 
  if you simply do n't care about the logo on your gpu but want reliable performance and enjoy video games nvidia is the safer choice . 
  amd cards have crazy glitches ( that often might be caused by the devs but who cares if it affects the player 's experience ? ), 
  in a wide variety of modern games . 
  all `` her '' movies ( the ones with her name in the title ) have extensive bts scenes . 
  just download a full rip of any of them . 
  what 's a google ? 
  go to the grocery store . 
  buy 1kg of onions . 
  use them all . 
  problem solved . 
  it 's learning, 
  any torrent tracker, 
  empornium has a bunch but the registration is closed right now . 
  have you tried porn lab or whatever that site is called ? 
  probably because she 's doing the videos herself and selling them via mdh . 
  it 's not a professional production company with paid actors . 
   yeah , i tried everything , items on quickcast do n't work at all, 
  normal cast works, 
  i had the same issue after i tried the `` quickcast on key down '' setting . 
  disabling that made the item slots work again . 
  but rap music is the best type of music we make in finland, 
  no not really . 
  the scenery is pretty and the 2d puzzles get more rules introduced to them but it 's still the same puzzels over and over . 
  `` sven '' was a nice touch since swedes actually do often struggle with pronouncing j 's like y 's when speaking english . 
  at what age did you outgrow metal music ? 
  the `` cs community '' has always been cancerous . 
  i too have played since the mod was in beta and it was never any better . 
  only difference between 2000 and 2016 are the little kids who take skins way too seriously . 
  just because they 're not required by law to do something does n't mean people ca n't complain when they do n't . 
   either prove you 're the best , or we 'll find the best . 
  they did win the most recent major though , what else is there to do to `` prove you 're the best '' ? 
  no , but i do n't know what else they could 've done to prove it in the time they were given . 
  because r/true . . anything is always a bunch of pretentious twats no matter what the topic is . 
  i 'd rather deal with the terrible memes than listen to anyone who goes on / r/true subs . 
  go to d2g if you want actual discussion about the game or tips on how to improve . 
  this sub is for drama and the occasional links to relevant news . 
  ever since the spring cleaning update i 've gotten `` out of date '' pretty much after each game ( like 8 total so far ) so it 's not like valve is sitting on their hands . 
  just enable `` key down '' again and it work just fine . 
  i tried the key up too and my quick cast items stopped working . 
  i understand how this happens in coding but how do you make your house messier by cleaning ? 
  i 've been saying for years how pro gamers should just use their real names if they want electronic sports to ever be taken seriously and every single time i get shot down and downvoted to hell because `` it 's not a part of counter-strike culture '' . 
  now sk does it again in 2016 and suddenly we all agree this is great and how it should be done . 
  yeah same for me , except i really wish they added an ability to specify which abilities are on key up and key down . 
  sleight of fist for example i 'd like on key up but blink on key down . 
  now i 'm just stuck having slowcast on anything i 'd like on key up and the rest on quick cast which is still okay . 
  it does n't say `` us '' anywhere in the picture though . 
  and that 's a really retarded law, 
   you have to blame yourself, 
  yes you do , but that does n't mean it should be illegal . 
  it 's your car , you should be able to do whatever you want with it as long as you do n't cause others harm . 
  leave it locked , unlocked , windows open nobody should have any say whatsoever how you leave your car as long as you 're not breaking traffic laws . 
  and `` tempting others into crime '' by being an easy target does not count as causing harm . 
   just as much as the thief . 
  that 's a bit of an exaggeration do n't you think ? 
  fuck off with your subpar troll . 
  leaving your car unlocked is not `` inviting '' anyone to criminal activities . 
  yeah and it 's got nothing to do with that . 
  thinking / pol / is a joke or a satire is the clearest sign of a newfriend, 
  7 $ for any kind of pastry in a caf\u00e9 sounds pretty average, 
  qop 's blind hat is the best of them all, 
  probably because before 5jungz/liquid the opponents he was facing regularly were n't what they are now . 
  having watched nearly all of 5jungz/tl 's game i have to disagree and say jerax is their strongest player . 
  sure matumba is amazing at farming but jerax makes plays out of nowhere on such a consistent level that more often than not he 's the deciding factor that makes games either snowball early on in their favor or turn them around if liquid is behind . 
  matumba is able to exploit those openings because of his almost rtz-like ability to find farm out of nowhere but jerax is the one that creates the opportunity in the first place . 
  how is either of those nsfw ? 
  which was pretty crazy since you could just zoom in on the picture and look at the rgb values of individual pixels which clearly said white and brown ( gold ) . 
  well yeah but if you 're gon na go label anything non-work related nsfw might as well put nsfw after each text comment on reddit . 
  there 's no nudity or gore or anything that specifically warrants a `` nsfw '' tag . 
  is this nfl ? 
  what 's up with the field ? 
  that 's how it is in civilized countries but civilized countries also do n't have crosswalks right this . 
  do you really want to argue the right of way with a car coming at you 80 + kmph or do you just wait ? 
  yeah but it does n't matter what the original dress was when the argument was over the picture , not the dress presented to you in real life . 
  in the picture the rgb values are white and gold no matter what lighting and fabric was used in real life . 
  i do n't really get the appeal of the over the top violence either . 
  you know what i do ? 
  i do n't play the game . 
  yeah we all read the comment thank you, 
  the drawing actually looks better than the picture,
