  for the first books she probably got the usual fee , but i 'm pretty sure her original contract did n't cover all seven or however many she made in the end . 
  like i said i 'm not agreeing with that guy a 100 % but if we follow that logic i do n't think a percentage amount is a good scale either . 
  a person who has $ 1b on her bank account or $ 800m probably lives the exact same lifestyle . 
  she would n't even notice it missing . 
  it 's an `` esports '' event for a pay-to-win card game relying on rng and luck . 
  that alone makes it pretty silly . 
  did she play the third game as p or z ? 
  it was ? 
  i did n't see the guy holding the sign but the graphics said 5 minutes the whole time . 
  it was ronaldo who gave that amazing cross that pretty much made the goal . 
  all varela had to do was get his head in the way . 
  in this world cup almost every team looks gassed after 75 minutes . 
  that damn brasilian climate . 
  well he 's only playing because it 's the wc . 
  his knee is badly injured ( based on the official announcements to the press , the real situation might be even worse ) . 
  there 's no way he would play if he absolutely did n't have to . 
  yes i can . 
  it relies on rng/luck and money helps up your probabilities . 
  p2w does n't really affect the pro scene as much because those guys have all paid already . 
  fuck any game that uses that business model though . 
  they 're the same for the opponent though . 
  at least usa is n't only playing opponents used to playing in that weather . 
  yeah , though the impact of seasons gets smaller the closer you get to the equator . 
  i do n't think you understand how reproduction works, 
  well if it was it was only visible in the u.s broadcast . 
  i checked the vod from 87 minutes onward and [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/r7vbssr.png ) is the first time they show the additional time as the whistle for the substitution came right before 90 minutes ( note the graphics does n't say anything next to the time yet , it comes up a few seconds after the guy with the sign shows it ) . 
  i believe these are the original `` international '' graphics straight from brasil , not something made by our local broadcasting company . 
  or maybe he 's a regular looking regular dressing guy who told some of his close friends he 's gay but has n't publicly come out the closet yet . 
  or just does n't like broadcasting it . 
  if you 're not in required physical shape to catch suspects maybe you should choose another profession . 
  while further away from the equator than some parts of brazil guaruja is still only on the 24th lateral degree . 
  if you compare that to locations on the northern hemisphere miami is 25 \u00b0 , the bahamas are 24 \u00b0 , honolulu is 21 \u00b0 , dubai is 25 \u00b0 , cairo is 30 \u00b0 , morocco is between 28 \u00b0 and 35 \u00b0 . 
  all those places are considered to be pretty close to the equator . 
  i believe it depends on the road . 
  about half of autobahns have no speed limit . 
  i 'm not german so do n't trust me too much though . 
  also there 's no reason to pay speeding tickets if you 're not planning on living in that country . 
  chances are they 're expired the next time you plan on taking a vacation . 
  well depends what you define as close . 
  all those cities are still closer to the equator than miami and many people living in the northern hemipshere consider miami to be pretty close to the equator . 
  to be fair cutting up the sausage is the most effort requiring step . 
  putting them on a pan for a few minutes does n't actually require you to do anything , they 're just fine on their own . 
  and fried bits of hot dogs with pasta/potatoes/noodles etc. 
  is great . 
  i eat it voluntarily even if i have ingredients for a `` gourmet '' meal . 
  op 's food looks like ruined noodles . 
  it 's the same thing with every sport . 
  iihf is just as bad , they just have a smaller market and less money to steal . 
  the problem is most people feel they would n't deserve even a single dollar . 
  they 're corrupt politicians doing nothing but extorting bribes from member nations and raking in cash from national football organizations because no country with a football team ( basically every country in the world ) wants to be left out of the world cup . 
  looks nice but how do you plan on cleaning that ? 
  i like to use a lower temperature for a little longer , that way i 'm not worried about the container either ( though i guees i would n't put plastic in the oven , have n't encountered that yet as eat approx . 
  1 microwave dinner a year ) . 
  helsinki for 2 days and siilinj\u00e4rvi for 2 weeks ? 
  no offense to siilinj\u00e4rvi but you 're probably going to get pretty bored if you do n't at least travel around during those 2 weeks . 
  you say that like it 's a bad thing, 
  yea i do n't go have 100 % from cod4 as i do n't go after achievements but clearing the campaign on veteran should be easy for anyone who 's even halfway decent in multiplayer . 
  holy shit that 'd be like if they did n't actually shoot people with bullets when filming action movies . 
  if you need a source for that you 're fucking retarded . 
  i know i 'll get hate for this but i can never understand how that 's a `` sport '' . 
  it 's dancing with skates . 
  it 's art , it 's a performance requiring physical fitness . 
  but it 's not a sport . 
  believing that is like believing the burgers in mcdonalds look like they do in the ads . 
  that 's all it is , an ad . 
  people want to believe they 're watching these actors `` getting surprised '' and `` awkward moments '' . 
  why do you think the tv has been filled with acted `` reality tv '' for the last decade ? 
  yeah the last time i ate one was last summer . 
  we never had them when i lived at home so i never got to the habit of eating microwave dinners . 
  by the time i moved out i had accepted that cooking food is just a part of the daily routine . 
  i do eat more sandwiches than i probably would if i ate microwave dinners though . 
  i listen to electronic music 95 % of the time but i still like jazz . 
  it 's not like they 're mutually exclusive . 
  did you press the play button ? 
  do you have a source that the movie hangover is scripted ? 
  lol you can do a lot more than this in photoshop, 
  having such a low resolution + `` photo of screen '' effect makes it even easier, 
  if i had to argue this i 'd say that having `` judges '' give you arbitrary `` points '' between performances does n't count as competition in terms of sports . 
  that definition is so broad you could call american idol a sport . 
  what about that show that 's like american idol but has all sorts of performances instead of just singing . 
  x-factor or something , some of those guys are definitely physically exerted . 
  is x-factor a sport ? 
  i think it 's the background music and the importance of costumes that takes figure skating over the line of not being a sport . 
  to me it seems like a ballet performance that has judges giving points instead of critics writing articles . 
  but im already typing at full speed, 
  i dont make more mistakes than this usually when typing , its not like im trying extra haerd, 
  what does it matter how long it takes ? 
  the amount of effort and time required from you is the same whether it 's 30 seconds or 30 minutes in the oven . 
  it 's not like you have to stand there and watch it . 
  i 'd rather use a dirty pan next time than eat non-fried hot dog bits, 
  lots of things require practice , coordination and involve competition without being sports . 
  magicians require insane amount of practice , coordination and are highly competetive . 
  it 's a stage act , not a sport . 
   not all performance arts are sports , and not all sports are performance arts , but some fit into both categories . 
  i agree . 
  i just think figure skating is n't one of those performance arts that fits into both categories . 
  it 's not about getting the item back , they 'll throw it away anyway . 
  it 's to stop people from abusing the system in hopes of getting a second free item . 
  well you said yourself you have to be careful with the materials, 
  i love pet names that are common mundane people names .
