  same thing applies to ecos . 
  the scope blur goes away if you put shader detail to low ( and you should play with all settings on low anyway ) . 
  i think that 's balanced out by the fact that if you were using a rifle you 'd be a bigger asset to the team so it 's more likely you would 've won the round and did n't need to drop a gun in the first place . 
  crouching does n't affect spread in csgo . 
  at least in ak/m4 . 
  it 's just used to dodge headshots . 
  i got a bravo case a about a month ago when it was already operation phoenix . 
  also pasha or neo or someone got one in the copenhagen games like 2 weeks ago . 
  you could see it on the stream . 
  he did n't seem to have that many other games on his account . 
  he 'll probably just buy a new csgo . 
  being european and a big fan of hockey it 's pretty clear athletes in the top leagues do dope . 
  every time a hockey player goes over to the nhl their necks grow twice as large in about a year . 
  it 's pretty funny actually . 
  i 'm not saying us sports are the only ones where they dope , but in hockey nhl is by far the biggest league ( there really is n't an equivelant in football for example ) so it 's easier to notice . 
  yeah they probably hacked his email first and steam guard was exactly how they got his steam account too . 
   valve will sometimes stall the ban on previously-undetected cheats to catch more people, 
  it 's not really done to trap more cheaters . 
  it 's so that the cheatmakers do n't know exactly what triggered vac . 
  if the ban was instant it 'd be very easy to `` reverse engineer '' what caused the ban and alter that detail . 
  to be fair there are lan cheats . 
  not aimbots but there 's that phone app which shows the minimap and it also has a `` lan mode '' where you put it in your pocket and it vibrates every time there 's an enemy nearby/in your crosshair . 
  i 'm not saying nille cheats , just thought it 's good to know . 
  i think all the hunt case guns are really ugly . 
  the bank collection had a nice looking galil . 
  i have n't seen them in-game though , just pictures . 
  yes it is . 
  depends on the gun though . 
  in some guns there 's a noticeable difference , especially if you have the timing right ( just before the ammo count is refreshed ) . 
  actually i wish someone made a spreadsheet about this . 
  e. unless you meant the awp . 
  the awp is faster to shoot without switching , but you 're stuck zoomed in which is why i always switch . 
  i did n't come up with this myself . 
  this was mentioned in an official blog post about a vac ban wave a few months ago . 
  i do n't know if it 's true or not , but that 's the official explanation to why vac bans are delayed . 
  the original long drink was introduced in the 1952 helsinki olympics because there was concern finnish bartenders could n't mix proper drinks for foreign tourists . 
  i think it was supposed to be like a tom collins equivalent . 
  cider is sometimes considered `` girl beer '' especially among redneck-ish people but i think long drinks are completely unisex . 
  but overall it 's more of a joke . 
  people give shit to each other for drinking cider before admitting they also like cider etc. 
  it 's great if you 're young and in the right company . 
  i remember my high school cruises , we had a ton of fun each time . 
  especially when there were like 6 different schools from the same city so the boat was basically full of people our own age and everybody knew everybody . 
  all our rooms were in the same floors , hallway party all night long . 
  i still go to cruises every now and then just to buy snus from sweden and it 's terrible . 
  the `` bars '' are even worse than the bars in helsinki . 
  drunk idiots puking on the staircases , banging on your door at 5am etc. 
  most of the people are middle aged and `` low class '' . 
  unless you drink your `` own drinks '' ( taxfree drinks ) it 's pretty expensive too . 
  that was no issue when there was a party and a pair of speakers in every other cabin but unless you like drinking alone in a small room you have to go to the bars . 
   the dinner buffet ( you have to buy a separate ticket ) is all you can eat/drink, 
  actually the `` proper '' ( not buffet ) restaurant in silja serenade/symphony is pretty decent . 
  like an average priced restaurant in helsinki . 
  which is great when you 're on a boat and not in a city full of choices . 
  i 'd definitely recommend silja . 
  the viking boats are pretty shitty and the price difference is negligible . 
  good thing the time does n't really matter while on a cruise . 
  yeah this . 
  he could sell it and probably buy it back in a few weeks for a fraction of the price . 
  i like the bank galil, 
  i just use startmovie raw with draw_only_deathnotices . 
  i have adobe premiere and it has a feature called import an image sequence or something like that . 
  works great . 
  gpu or cpu power does n't matter . 
  startmovie always renders a 30fps video . 
  computing power only affects how long it takes . 
  i had this yesterday right after the patch but this morning it worked . 
  i did n't verify or restart my computer or anything . 
  i 'm sorry i ca n't give better advice but often times the best fix is just to wait it out . 
  yeah but no matter how much you like playing with them does n't change the numbers . 
  pistols are effective at close range but they have huge damage drop-off . 
  you ca n't be as good with a pistol as you can be with an ak-47 for example . 
  if you ca n't shoot with rifles your reaction should be to practice more with rifles instead of not using them . 
  did you have any nades ? 
  45 sec bomb or 35 sec bomb ? 
  especially with 35 it 's really hard to rotate to short and have time to defuse . 
  which gun did you have , had he taken dmg ? 
  i probably would had sprayed through the smoke and then wait until i hear the plant and then push from the apps as you have a pretty good clue where he is . 
  just play comp . 
  i 've never played casual for more than a few minutes , it 's pretty terrible . 
  competetive is n't * that * serious . 
  the best way to learn the game is to play the game , not some stripped down version . 
   there are going to be times where you do n't have the cash for an ak/m4 or an awp , and you 'll be glad you took the time to learn the nova or the bizon . 
  never ever buy a bizon unless it 's an anti-eco and even then i ca n't recommend it because armor buys are really common and bizon does nothing against armor . 
  a p250 or a five-seven will beat a bizon every time if you 're both armored . 
  if you ca n't afford a real gun you should eco , not buy crap . 
  it 's not, 
  yeah if they used hacks and had dmg they were probably really shitty players . 
  like silver shitty . 
  you should easily get lem/supreme with just a wallhack . 
  it 's not an opinion thing . 
  the ak-47 is more accurate , does more damage , is full-auto etc. 
  numbers do n't lie . 
  you could argue the p250 is better value for the money but if you just compare them straight up the ak-47 is simply better . 
  also if you 're still gold nova 1 after 2000 hours of competetive play you 're definitely doing something ( or a lot of things ) wrong . 
  counter-strike is not a sports game . 
  also stats are extremely important in sports games . 
  i 've played quite a bit of hut and fut and better players will definitely always give you an advantage . 
  it 's not impossible to win with worse players , just like it 's not impossible to get with kill with an inferior weapon , but you 're only limiting your own performance and the chances of winning . 
  not really .
