  just for like 5-10 minutes , then i can cuddle, 
  i truly believe in what i say . 
  the united states has never fought a war on it 's on terrain ( after being the u.s.a ) and also is the first one to jump into any military conflict . 
  rest of the world knows the true horrors of war , we grew up with stories from our grandmothers telling how they ran home from school dodging shrapnel . 
  our playgrounds have trenches around them . 
  even our parents can tell which buildings are new because they were bombed just a few decades ago . 
  i 'm not saying american soldiers did n't have it bad in the military conflicts , but eating french fries on your couch and bitching about the taxes rising while your country is at war is a whole other ball game than actually living in the middle of a war where civilians do get hurt . 
  e. oh and ps . 
  it was ' t me who downvoted you, 
  i know not everyone 's the same but i 've actually read about this a little and i know i 'm not alone either . 
  america has been the one to spark up military conflicts everywhere for the last 50 years , and i guess it 's partly because the public has never been taught what it is like to live in the middle of a war like the rest of the world has been . 
  i 'm hoping this will teach your stupid fucking nation something about the true nature of war . 
  civilians do die . 
  i know what realpolitik means and if you did you 'd realize it 's not really a positive term or a justification for actions . 
  guess what , the rest of the world does n't always want u.s playing the world police ( and abiding rules they themself dictate of course ), 
  people die in wars too , 3000 people is a drop in the ocean if we start counting up the civilians died in conflicts started by the u.s. of course it 's sad they had to die , but i 'd like to believe it 's for the greater good and that their deaths may prevent to death of some toddler in another country . 
  thanks for letting me know , i picked this up from another site ( that probably got it from reddit then ) . 
  deleting now, 
  i 'm not saying you were uneducated , but it did sound like you were defending the actions by saying they were realpolitik . 
  i know two wars were started but guess what , not everything happens overnight . 
  and besides were n't those wars extremely protested from the start ? 
  so i guess the american public is starting to learn it 's lesson . 
  pearl harbor was a military base on hawaii before hawaii was even a state . 
  not really the same as bombing civilians on u.s soil . 
  and besides i said in the last 50 years . 
  i know vietnam was protested but most of the protest started only after people realized the u.s was going to lose the war , not when u.s decided to enter the war . 
  i 'm 20 . 
  i just hate casual gaming and how it 's taking good developers ' and publishers ' focus off real games . 
  i know the land belonged to united states and some civilians ( mostly nurses working for the military though ) did die , but it 's still not even nearly the same as constant bombing of major cities that all european cities have experienced . 
  yeah i just figured this out from wikipedia , decision from rampage though ? 
  i am dissappoint & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  the most important thing she needs to learn is not to add relatives or family on fb, 
  close to what ? 
  i 'm dead serious . 
  there are women i love , but in general i fucking hate almost all of them and they are ruining the world . 
  in the words of paavo pulkkinen . 
  i 'm willing to lose those few for the greater good . 
  after hitting up once you can let go of cmd + tab and start browsing trough applications with the tab button . 
  otherwise it starts from the beginning, 
  i 'm not the original comment poster but if i was i 'd say fuck your lazy ass . 
  i already did you a favor by telling you this is an inferior product and adviced against buying it . 
  i 'm not gon na shop for you too . 
  hey look at me , i have a phone and a tablet in the year 2011 but bitter people are still bitching on the internet, 
  i 'm not looking to argue with anyone because i know we would n't achieve anything . 
  you are free to move along . 
  i admit i 'm probably a lame troll since i was n't trolling . 
  it 's nice you know better than i do . 
  what would i like for dinner today ? 
  i 'm not disgusted or anything , i just want my space and quiet . 
  i can lie in the same bed etc but it irritates me if i have to have physical contact . 
  or talk . 
  i was planning on getting pussy before and after dinner , i do n't quite fancy the taste, 
  i have a 100 mbit connection at home that i do n't share with anyone , 
  but if i did it 'd probably look a lot like that, 
  he presses the button with his finger and hopes for the best ? 
  i do n't think it 's impossible to get a good shot, 
  yeah 24m was just fine for me too until i got an offer for 105 for the same price . 
  the worst thing about fast internet connections is that it 's the hardest fucking thing in the world to switch to a slower/worse one . 
  finland , but i did switch isp 's, 
  actually i would had gotten 200m for half the price ( 19euros ) for two months but i 'm too lazy to remember to cancel :p, 
  yeah especially how it shows finland as part of the u.s.s.r, 
  finland has been independent since 1917 and has n't been invaded by anyone since then . 
  also there has never been a `` finnish s.s.r '', 
  oh and the capital of finland ( helsinki ) is nowhere near where it really is . 
  on the map it 's on a totally different coast . 
  pretty near where turku ( capital pre 1812 ) actually is . 
  you 'd think by 1942 they 'd have this sort of shit down . 
  arousing . 
  i was casually fapping while browsing reddit ( i have lots of nsfw on my front page ) so i had a boner when i opened this thread . 
  i do n't know how i feel right now . 
  actually my girlfriend spends more money on me than i do on her . 
  equality ftw, 
  i do n't see how this is awkward , i give massages to my sisters and mom as well . 
  nothing sexual about them . 
  no actually this is pretty common and has been studied . 
  it 's a psychological thing affected by hormons etc. 
  i am an asshole , but it as nothing to do with this, 
  so that 's how mary got jesus, 
   as someone who has had a vasectomy , it was one of the best things we did for our relationship . 
  certainly the sex after having it done was very rewarding , and being able to have intercourse without a condom ( awkward ) and on the spur of the moment made it much more fun for both of us . 
  yeah ... my girlfriend is on the pill and i do n't see any difference except i did n't have to go under the knife, 
  there is no such thing, 
  other european countries are interested as well, 
  [ the chart ] ( http://potimages.com/data/media/8/universal_420_highness_chart.png ), 
  please do n't become one of the many people who are always '' [ 8 ] - [ 10 ] '' when they smoke a bowl, 
  that is the most annoying celebration in nhl 11, 
  yeah i know , me too . 
  but if you look at posts here on reddit everyone is always a [ 10 ] . 
  like this post `` when i 'm at [ 9 ] '', 
  well yes you do if you use weird analogies that really do n't make sense . 
  it 's not like reddit is a popularity contest and if it was i still would n't really care . 
  i 'm an atheist , that 's good enough for me . 
  he 's got a point though, 
  nipples do change naturally you know, 
  correct . 
  i have the video somewhere , i 'll tell the name if i find it . 
  but yeah definitely shyla, 
  i hate cake . 
  the fluffy white wedding cake kind i mean , some chocolate cakes are ok . 
  and i love rice krispie treats , so this would be perfect for me .
