  i think marijuana is relatively harmless . 
  i still think it 's a drug . 
  since when is xanax not considered a drug ? 
  yeah all four are drugs so i do n't have a problem calling all four drugs . 
  reddit has this weird mindset where `` they told me drugs were bad . 
  weed is n't that bad . 
  therefore weed is n't a drug '' . 
  it should be `` they told be drugs are bad . 
  weed is n't that bad . 
  maybe all drugs are n't that bad '' . 
  is your life going to change dramatically by lecturing others on the internet ? 
  it 's not . 
  it 's like a youtube without censorship . 
  i browse it every day and rarely see gore . 
  there is a `` gore on/off '' button on top though if you want to make it extra safe . 
  it 's mainly just videos with copyrights that youtube would take down , and other random interesting videos that people do n't want to upload to youtube for some reason . 
  the worst things you often see are robberies gone wrong , sports injuries or war footage . 
  liveleak does host gore as well because like i said `` it 's youtube without censorship '' for better or worse . 
  they 're not hypocritical in what they host . 
  porn is pretty much the only thing not allowed . 
  yeah liveleak is to youtube what youtube is to america 's funniest home videos . 
  less censorship , more interesting videos . 
  the main reason people think liveleak is full of gore is because they only see the watermark in videos that other sites would n't host . 
  that does n't mean it 's the only thing on the site if you actually visit it . 
  if you 're talking about comments you 're absolutely right . 
  i do n't usually read the comments though because there 's never any relevant info or anything . 
  it 's all in the video description . 
  so i do n't really give a shit . 
  they reversed the `` always-on '' feature that made the kinect stay on even when the xbone is turned off . 
  well they did n't reverse it , but they made it optional . 
  they did n't reverse the requirement for kinect to be plugged in when you want to play your xbox . 
  probably because this pic is 2 years old and it 's been posted on reddit before as well . 
  [ the story is 2 years old ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2091221/donny-eslinger-wounded-soldier-reunited-puppy-rescued-afghanistan.html ) and has been on reddit before . 
  `` pay for his taxi ride '' sounds more british to me, 
   yeah , but europeans call americans racist a lot . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  yes there is a stereotype of a racist american redneck but the same stereotype excists in any european country . 
  if anything we consider the us to be full with black people . 
  i did n't get my panties in a bunch but it is a pretty stupid title to be honest . 
  especially with the plural `` fathers '' . 
   i did unlock the last character though . 
  you mean the last character unlockable with xp , right ? 
  there 's two more . 
   radio nova, 
  get this man a job at pepsi, 
  what ? 
  it definitely would had gone in without him . 
  he kicked the ball upwards and it still did n't go over the crossbar . 
  what do you think would had happened had he not been there ? 
   if you have a really good water boiler, 
  i do n't have a boiler because i live in the city and my hot water comes from somewhere ( `` district heating '' ) but i just measured my tap water and it goes up to [ 130f ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p6jw8e6.jpg ), 
  in my experience ( just estimating by hand ) you can get a lot hotter water if you have your own water heater . 
  e. oh wait , were you talking about those little appliances that heat water for making tea etc. 
  yeah why did n't i take gymnastics as a kid, 
  on a related topic . 
  i 'm a poor college student . 
  i wanted to donate some money to this program . 
  i tried donating 5 usd but the site told me donations less than $ 10 are not accepted . 
  why is that ? 
  $ 10 is almost my weekly food budget . 
  i understand wanting to encourage people to donate more but im my mind any donation should be welcomed for a good cause . 
  andy ? 
  is that you ? 
  from michigan . 
  this happened because the guy did n't how how to reinstall the osx properly . 
  had he done a clean install which is what it sounds like he was going for no `` installation corruption '' would give you access to the files as you format the hard drive before you even start the installation . 
  no offense but this is n't really a build . 
  it 's standard 1-1-1 and harass . 
  also strategy advice from a guy who does n't know the most basic hotkey in the game ? 
  i 'm glad this worked out for you but this whole video is very silverish . 
  yeah marine is the one unit that can fight mutas so you ca n't really complain about mutas sucking against them . 
  even our aa unit ( viking ) is notoriously terrible against mutas . 
  yeah unless you 're one of those notorious female drivers they tell about in urban legends i do n't think anything in this picture is blocked in . 
  except for some of the partygoers cars but none of the neighbours . 
  maybe because the cops actually know how to drive and can see nothing is blocked in ? 
  maybe you should n't blame your neighbours when you bought a vehicle that ca n't handle basic tasks like turning when there 's 10 meters of space . 
  so an inch of snow is now a snowstorm ? 
  # 42k is really good but it still is n't the same as $ 70k . 
  everything is more expensive in uk . 
  just because i do n't think you 're at a level of play good enough to give out strategy advice ( other than the basic `` constantly build scvs and marines '' or `` keep your medivacs alive '' ) does n't mean i consider myself better . 
  that 's why i do n't have a starcraft advice channel on youtube . 
  but yes , i could 1v1 you sometime . 
   the whole street is n't 10m wide . 
  what ? 
  a nissan micra is 4 meters long as is the fiat punto . 
  there 's about a meter of space behind the nissan and about 3-4 meters between the fiat and the micra . 
  that 's at least 12-13 meters . 
  considering your truck starts from a driveway i 'd estimate you have about 10 meters of space before you hit the car in front of you . 
   telling people to learn grid hotkeys early on is total bullshit . 
  everyone has to find out the setup that 's most comfortable to them . 
  i do n't use grid but anything is better than the default . 
  i think that 's the message . 
  it 's always harder to learn a new hotkey setup if you 're used to another one , so do n't get used to the worst possible hotkey setup . 
  i think the point was to change it early on , since it 's much easier to learn grid or core if you have n't learnt another before that . 
  an `` empty canvas '' kind of thing . 
  nerfing the best unit of the ( currently ) weakest race in the game sounds like a terrible idea . 
  true , but the taxes you pay are probably more than a health insurance . 
  and he might even get one from his employer . 
  this is a reference to something . 
  a movie ?
