  the taxes that would be applied would be negligible if you were networking and making more than you are now , which is all very possible . 
  i do n't even know if your serious anymore `` make that company yourself '' ? 
  yeah i 'm just gon na * make * a company . 
  it 's not like it takes millions and millions of start up cash and involves huge risks . 
  did you ever stop to think that maybe i do n't want to run a huge corporation ? 
  maybe i do n't want to think about business and taxes and pr . 
  i 'd rather just have a dozen plants at home that take about an hour of effort a day and make more than enough money to live comfortably . 
  did it cross your mind that there are hundreds if not thousands of legal crops i could be farming yet i chose the one that was illegal . 
  maybe it was n't a coincidence . 
  maybe i liked how the illegality meant the prices were through the roof and competition was relatively low . 
  no no no . 
  this is the one reason i 'm excited to see bravo go away . 
  no more fucking cache . 
  oh you 're absolutely right . 
  i do n't consider myself racist either . 
  i do admit i have some prejudices . 
  a lot of people would call me racist . 
  yeah but i never play alone . 
  i do n't search until i have 5 players in the lobby and there 's always at least one who wants cache . 
  it 's just be easier if it was n't an option . 
  well to be fair elderly women do tend to say stupid shit that you 'd expect from a 13 year old . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  it 's not a `` him '' . 
  most people i play with like that map for some reason . 
  yeah but everyone hates some map . 
  if we were to uncheck every map one guy in the lobby hates we 'd have no d2 , no mirage and no inferno . 
  it 'd just be nuke and train 24/7 and nobody wants that . 
  i know but i do n't play with everyone else in the world who owns csgo so i do n't really give a shit about the general consensus . 
  i wish there was a service that you could use to voice your own opinion and then those opinions all over the world would travel in some sort of series of tubes so that everyone could freely say their own personal opinion rather than what they think is best for the entire community . 
  why are you butthurt over me being content in my current status in life ? 
  yeah well that does make sense although i must tell you 95 % of the growers will agree with me . 
  not many of us talk about it openly though for obvious reasons . 
  it breaks my heart and people like me because of course as a smoker i 'd love to see it legalized and believe that would be the right thing to do , i 'm just not willing to bet my entire financial situation on it . 
  i know it could be possible to continue this profession after legalization , but the comfort of `` if it ai n't broke '' is just too appealing . 
  to be honest i 'd be more afraid of government involvement after legalization than i am afraid of the cops now . 
  yeah because obviously if i do n't like cache the clear choice for a map i do like is not dust 2 , it 's not nuke , it 's not inferno . 
  it 's vertigo . 
  too many chokepoints in my opinion . 
  every entrance to a bombsite is a doorway . 
  even in pro matches the rounds see very little variation . 
  well seeing as how she started out as a manager it 's not completely impossible she was `` daddy 's little girl '' just doing something to put on the resume so it 's not completely empty . 
  fun fact . 
  every ceo and board member in the nation is gay . 
  so what you 're saying is i 'd have to lower myself to the level of . . a female ? 
  i do n't say this lightly but this is the first xkcd where i sense butthurt from the author . 
  i mean i realize idiocracy is n't true . 
  it 's a comedy . 
  i would n't start arguing against it like that either . 
  since it is a comedy . 
  maybe he just has too many annoying friends who are fans of that film . 
   the first part i believe, 
  not quite . 
  they 're different scenes for the same website . 
  your video is :, 
  `` sexually broken - jul 10 , 2013 - hot latino jynx maze suffers rope bondage is deep throated & roughly fucked hogtied & made to cum '', 
  while op 's is from, 
  `` sexually broken - sep 9 , 2013 - tiny big-booty hottie jynx maze is bound , face fucked , deep throated and pussy fucked to orgasms ! '', 
  yeah well i had a look at the screenshots and they were completely different scenes with different positions etc. 
  possibly shot on the same day though . 
  i realize that . 
  however i 'd rather be myself and have to deal with illegality than pretend to be something i 'm not just because it would be `` more convenient to the cause '' if i acted like a productive member of society . 
  i 'm not one . 
  largely because i smoke weed . 
  i 'm not about to lie about it for good pr . 
  i play games with nothing but p250 in competetive for fun . 
  i do n't think competetive means you ca n't have fun with nothing but winning in mind . 
  it 's just with proper rules that make cs enjoyable . 
  yeah me too . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen such a nice looking table . 
  at least made out of wood . 
  \\  meme arrow story on reddit, 
  \\  does n't even know how to meme arrow on reddit, 
  i did n't play the first but i also played about 30 minutes of the second and never played again . 
  i mean the fucking game did n't even have aiming . 
  there was an `` auto-aim '' button and a shoot button . 
  no way to switch it to manual . 
  i used to do this a year ago when hots was new . 
  i did n't invent it myself of course , i saw it in one of those online tournaments with the mlg crew ( but not mlg ) . 
  worked really well in plat . 
  she does n't really look like she 's loving it . 
  why would you start arguing over some stupid shit like this with a stranger instead of just giving him the parents ' number and ignoring the rest ? 
  the only thing you could accomplish is not getting his phone returned . 
  you can like fake tits and it does n't mean you have to love even the most hideous fake tits out there . 
  i know there are some people on / r/boltedontits that love the fakeness itself and it 's like its own fetish but a lot of us just like tits that look nice , regardless of fakeness . 
  i like smoking marijuana .
