  and the people are laughing and shit talking during rounds . 
  during rounds i tell you !, 
  fight hype is shit that sells fights . 
  laughing at someone 's father 's suicide is n't good pr thus it is n't good fight hype . 
  people want simple emotions like `` i 'll beat you up '' , not actual feelings . 
  b-but muh equality, 
  every time a female athlete performs well ( against other females ) people on reddit forget about physical realities for a brief period . 
  it 's not a conspiracy or just an old tradition that men and women do n't compete in the same leagues . 
  in fact most `` men 's '' leagues allow women to participate . 
  it just does n't happen because of biology . 
  and what a great scene it was, 
  words like `` overreaction '' are completely subjective . 
  i 'm not saying a year long ban is the only solution but you 're only saying that because it has n't been as severely punished before . 
  who says it should n't be ? 
  someone has to be the first and this shit is the whole sport 's biggest enemy right now . 
   the word `` european union '' in the member states ' official language is always on top , followed by the name of the member state in their respective language, 
  well i do n't know about you but i know where i live we were all taught in school we were `` citizens of the european union '' and `` citizen of country '' was like a specification afterwards so having a `` eu passport '' seems logical . 
  not that i object . 
  europe sounds a lot better than the alternative . 
  do it, 
  yeah no matter how unlikely i could believe a woman giving a compliment for another woman for a sassy response to men behaving badly, 
  but what the fuck is that $ 10 ? 
  where is it normal to pay strangers whenever you 're impressed by their behaviour ? 
  would n't that be awkward as fuck ? 
  well that 's not really a part of the sport . 
  that 's the organizations that govern the sport . 
  it does n't affect what happens on the field . 
  uncle ben 's rice is actually pretty crap quality compared to any other rice you find at most supermarkets . 
  not most of europe . 
  first floor is the fucking first floor outside of uk . 
  are you people fucking blind ? 
  the person that shot the cop did n't come within 3 feet of him before shooting him . 
  he 'd have to have some serious telekinetic powers to steal the cops gun, 
  dat 3 fps, 
   do n't bother , it 's a uwe boll movie, 
  now go play 2 , the best in the series . 
  that area where you flip the bridges has a pretty night-like lighting to it, 
  yeah playing it on console with no quick save where the only way to save were in the safe houses probably alienated a lot of players . 
  that 's how i played it too and loved it but i think i 'm more willing to give up convenience for immersion than most gamers . 
  unless you were playing the biker add-on . 
  you could hit a fucking wall head on and not fall off, 
  yeah and even if you have no idea of their value and they were someone else 's anybody can see those are individual devices . 
  $ 10 for gamecube and some games , sure . 
  $ 10 for 2 gamecubes , seems kinda fishy . 
  $ 10 for 2 gamecubes and 3 gameboys is just ridiculous . 
  nobody sees a piece of consumer technology and thinks `` i bet i can get $ 1.50 for this at a garabe sale '' . 
  well he was n't wrong, 
  he 's probably just a guest star for a few games today . 
  he was n't there from the start and just showed up after the first game . 
  i doubt he actually has a permanent `` role '' on the panel because it would n't make much sense . 
  he 's just a celebrity who likes dota , not an actual analyst/commentator . 
  they 're not in a booth , they 're behind a table between the players booths and the audience in the arena . 
  obviously the english cast is played over loudspeakers for the audience so it 's impossible to avoid picking it up in the microphones . 
  it 's simply the nature of offline events . 
  i guess i should look into the software . 
  i have n't really used it for anything , just the basic windows settings . 
  yeah i 'm sure the casters would love to be in some cramped room off-stage rather than right there next to the players and audience . 
  fuck off kiddo and learn english if it 's such an issue for you . 
  here you go https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kczucjzpig&amp;t=75s, 
  [ bang bros ] - big tits , round asses - franceska jaimes - sexy milf gets banged hardcore - oct 2 , 2014 - [ 1080p ], 
   no , valve needs to make sure this does n't happen . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  there is no way to fully counter ddos . 
  netherlands just sent 250 into seattle at the same time lol, 
  plenty of top posts have heroes wearing what is equivelant to bikinis . 
  stop crying just because it 's a 3d girl this time . 
  it 's smutty and it 's dota2, 
  m a i d e n b o i s, 
  i stopped reading when i got to the reaction gifs and still did n't have a clear understanding what had happened, 
  i feel like a player being `` banned '' draws more attention to the matter and the league than just letting players deal with their legal matters on their own time and not get involved . 
  i 'm not a pr professional but are n't the teams concerned people just remember `` suspended for rape '' and it 'll tarnish the ( remaining ) reputation of their star player even if he 's found not guilty ? 
  there 's nothing / s about this, 
  because foreign politics put more pressure on your laws than on your culture to change, 
  non autists are escorted to the park by their parents at age 15 ? 
  unexpectedly shitty, 
  it was absolutely terrible . 
  by far the worst part of an otherwise brilliant controller . 
  citing statistics or recognizing cultural differences is not racism . 
  nothing stupid about that edit, 
   it can for instance be quite interesting to see which keys get used more often than others . 
  yeah i love seeing the wear on my keys and comparing them and figuring out why some keys are used so much . 
  screw you guys, 
  well this one adds a cool looking but unnecessary animation that would trigger every time you accidentally rotated it, 
  people make documentaries about elderly floridan couples having cuckold parties with strictly black men or `` bbc '' as they 're referred to, 
  so if i order whatever wwe complete package right now and go watch old benoit fights is the commentary full of long silences or how does it work ? 
  well i 'm glad the pop is gentle, 
  i do n't know which turns me on more the she-kunkka or the he-ta . 
  that tango guy had the best costume though, 
  there is only one type of venomous snake in finland ( in the wild ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vipera_berus, 
  do they actually still use those pens in the u.s ? 
  i have n't seen one since the 80s . 
  where i live every shop has a scanner they run the bill through if it 's 50 or bigger . 
  reddit likes a silly cult movie by the creators of south park, 
  i 'm not exactly surprised, 
  it was n't that spot either . 
  it was just a checkpoint where enemies will rush me in 3 seconds no matter what . 
  i just toughed it out and after like 10 tries managed to kill them all with a few bullets and one bar of hp . 
  after that i finished the summer chapter yesterday and the fall , winter , spring and left behind today . 
  the game definitely got better in the fall and winter sections when it was more open spaces and less cramped dark basements . 
  it was on hard difficulty since you asked tho .
