  cheating is not really a problem on consoles , especially xbox . 
  i can guarantee you 99 % of `` cheaters '' you 've ran into we 're not cheaters . 
  actually i 'm yet to even see anyone in mw3 that i 'd suspect of cheating . 
  when you 're the captain of a stanley cup winning team you probably do n't give that much thought to nhl.com statistics . 
  i think people are downvoting him for making this kungen vs some other random dude i 've never heard of before . 
  yup . 
  when i got `` caught '' i never lied . 
  tbh it would probably had just made things worse . 
  maybe you should just stand up for youself and achieve something whlist smoking trees to prove that the sweet herb does n't make you a disappointment . 
  i 'm sure you meant this as stepping on and falling over but that 's not what i imagined when i read `` slipping on used condoms '' & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  make them . 
  be a man . 
  maybe if they experienced first hand their son being succesfull and smoking weed they 'd realize how wrong they 'd been . 
  16gb no but 8gb yes . 
  i had 4gigs of ram on my computer and with the modern software it was constantly choking up so that i had to upgrade to 12 . 
  8 would had been just fine but it cost like 3 euros more to go up to twelve so ... 
  the situation being what it is i 'd sell that for $ 250 . 
  i mean it 's two hundred and fifty dollars in real life money . 
  with no troubles or hassle . 
  i paid 42 $ for 8gb 1333mhz ddr3 so-dimm and it made a world of difference so yeah . 
  a lot of times someone screaming unsupported claims that are easy counter and just being generally unrational may actually support your claim . 
  sort of in a giving a bad name to the opposition kinda way . 
  whenever i tried doing anything more than just browsing reddit 4gb was not enough . 
  whole machine got chocked up . 
  now it runs just as smoothly even if i do happen to have a virtual machine running separate programs in it 's own desktop, 
  i 'm not pushing anyone to anything but you 're missing out on life if you do n't ** try ** those things . 
  you do n't have to start regularly using them and it 's not even a very good idea but you should try everything , you only live once etc. 
  yeah but in mw3 emp was a support streak with 18 kills which is not that much especially if two or three players run with it . 
  and it lasts 60 seconds so they can totally cancel out the opposing team 's kill streaks playing a mediocre game . 
  it sucks that 18-17 cancels out 12-0 . 
  it 's just not fair considering the amount of skill and focus it takes to get those rewards . 
  i did n't say yolo !!, 
  i have n't even heard the song , i 'm european !, 
  `` you only live once '' existed long before yolo though, 
  i never get one shotted by environment either . 
  maybe your resists and armor are just even shittier than the templar 's ? 
  there 's a eu reddit clan ? 
  benefitting ? 
  what did he benefit compared to originally selecting paypal while selling the item ? 
  yes they do . 
  i have a prepaid phone , never gave it a second thought , works fine . 
  it probably helps that i 'm finnish . 
  blizzard does n't have the technology or knowledge to determine it 's prepaid . 
  i 've played about 130hrs now and i 'm yet to see a single legendary/set i shit you not . 
  i 'm not complaining since from what i 've heard legendarys are not that good but it 's pretty weird . 
  i do n't see a purpose for this as it takes as long to select 3 new stats and values whether there is something on there already or not, 
  butt hurt, 
  did you sell the lightning res . 
  yet ? 
  if not , how much ? 
  thepiratebay is shit but there 's still no reason to go to deep web for movies, 
  though i do like how pirate bay has taken all the attention away from actual good trackers that i 'd hate to see go away . 
  so while i never use it i respect it . 
  finnish engineering at work !, 
  well torrentleech is probably one of the best ones out there these days . 
  do n't know how easy it is to get in though , i got in when they `` rescued '' all former sct users . 
  i had the opposite problem so i started sleeping 12hrs a day on average . 
  it 's nice . 
  \\  works weekends, 
  \\  land of the free, 
  hangover is not just dehydration . 
  it 's also withdrawal to alcohol . 
  sure drinking water helps a ton but it 's not a complete cure that simply makes hangover go away . 
  that 's weed . 
  there have been a ton of nights of smoking weed with friends that i 've regretted later . 
  or mornings or days . 
  withdrawal might not be the perfect choice of words , but what i meant was the absence or decrease in the amount of alcohol in the body and the reactions it causes . 
   another contributing factor is the presence of products from the breakdown of ethanol by liver enzymes . 
  ethanol is converted to acetaldehyde by the enzyme alcohol dehydrogenase , and then from acetaldehyde to acetic acid by the enzyme acetaldehyde dehydrogenase . 
  acetaldehyde ( ethanal ) is between 10 and 30 times more toxic than alcohol itself . 
   these two reactions also require the conversion of nad + to nadh . 
  with an excess of nadh , three enzymes of the citric acid cycle are inhibited ( citrate synthase , isocitrate dehydrogenase , and alpha-ketoglutarate dehydrogenase ) essentially shutting it down . 
  pyruvate ( the end product of glycolysis ) starts to accumulate , and the excess nadh drives lactate dehydrogenase to produce lactate from pyruvate in order to regenerate nad + and sustain life . 
  this diverts pyruvate from other pathways such as gluconeogenesis , thereby impairing the ability of the liver to compensate for a drop in blood glucose levels , especially for the brain . 
  because glucose is the primary energy source of the brain , this lack of glucose ( hypoglycemia ) contributes to symptoms such as fatigue , weakness , mood disturbances , and decreased attention and concentration . 
  i have no clue what that just said but if it 's anywhere near the wikipedia article in my language it should pretty much explain it . 
  point being it 's not simply just the dehydration . 
  i do n't know i 've never looked for a 1 stat thing . 
  if it was possible i 'd look for 5 stat items most of the time . 
  thanks but why did you upload the bent out of shape version and not [ this one ] ( http://www.diablo3fans.it/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/arma-di-diablo-iii-con-il-piu-alto-dps-al-mondo_record-dps_638x300.png ) with correct aspect ratio, 
  that might be but i still feel like players who have enough gold to purchase a 1750dmg weapon ( because this is not going to be sold for $ 250 ) are in that 9 %, 
  yeah besides i though kickstarter is for projects and products that lack the capital needed to get them off the ground and not just a charity . 
  every time i 've used kickstarter it 's been more like a preorder . 
  i do n't know what the woman is selling but brian banks is not the sort of thing kickstarter is for . 
  e. apparently it 's for a movie . 
  still , i think it 's wrong what happened to him and could had donated to his lawyer fund had i been aware of this back then but it does n't mean i 'd preorder his movie . 
  we 'll both get downvoted to hell because this is politically correct reddit but i agree . 
  brainwashing kids to nonsense should not be ok simply because it 's `` impolite '' to criticize other 's personal beliefs . 
  yeah i 'm an atheist and i have a difficult time taking anyone who believes in any sort of god seriously . 
  following the teachings of christ = great . 
  believing there 's a magical entity floating above us = naive . 
  i was just thinking about grouping atheists together like we had a set of rules or something . 
  atheism just means the absence of religion . 
  atheists do n't decide or do stuff as a group . 
  in case anyone does n't know this picture is older than the internet and the profile most likely fake, 
  this picture has been a meme pretty much since 4chan started, 
  well seeing as how the profile is completely fake ( this picture is at least 5 years old and a classic on 4chan ) i would n't draw too many conclusions from that, 
   i do n't understand why, 
  i bet you 're not even trying . 
  great case closing skills there mr. detective,
