  sometimes it does take me ages to finish one page though , but it 's not about the destination , it 's the journey . 
  thanks dude, 
  yea i was pretty high when i was writing that, 
  when i was a kid the police used to hang out right next to us ( 13 + year olds ) in the city centre just watching us in case of fights or drug use . 
  they did n't care about kids drinking as long as people did n't act stupid . 
  a couple years back they changed their policy to take away all drinks from underage kids . 
  now kids are drinking in forests and parties etc where there is no one to guarantee their safety . 
  great going finnish police . 
  o. . m. . g. . it 's like so random !!, 
  shitty green text story is shitty, 
  it 's 2012 . 
  equality is n't enough any more . 
  to be politically correct you must admit that homosexuals are superior people compared to the rest of us . 
  also women deserve more rights and freedoms than men . 
  there 's a reason these are the first habits we develop, 
  music packs ? 
  like goal horns or actual menu and in-game music ? 
  because as far as i 'm aware you 're supposed to mute that shit before playing a single game . 
  i know i did and everybody else i know did the same as well . 
  let me guess . 
  you 're one of those players who never passes , tries to get through anyone by spamming skill moves and then whines when they keep losing the ball ? 
  cave canem means beware of the dog, 
  pics or it did n't happen, 
  actually best papers are made of hemp or rice, 
  that 's what one might think but may i refer to you back to rule # 1 of the internet : do n't put something in the internet you do n't want people to see . 
  it does n't just apply to reddit or twitter but any site no matter what size or how `` private '' . 
  do n't upload a pic of yourself that you do n't want someone else seeing . 
  i purposfully avoid subreddits ( and similiar groups etc on other websites ) that are the exact same as something else except `` better '' or `` more mature '' . 
  like r/truereddit for example . 
  the amount of smugness for having a neckbeard is unbearable . 
  it 's like i 'm back in irc . 
   it 's reasonable to have a private space, 
  you clearly do n't know how the internet works . 
  besides calling anything on facebook `` private '' is ridiculous . 
  i know reddit is all for being sensitive etc but if someone draws a penis next to your face and you get sad about it it 's only going to make things worse . 
  a lot worse . 
  if you 're just like `` oh a penis lol '' not only will everyone forget about it soon enough but you 'll be able to laugh about it with then and that way prove you 're not just some nerdy kid to pick on . 
  come on everybody , it was n't * that * bad of a joke, 
  disrespected and grossed out by a picture of a penis . 
  i 'm glad i was familiar with the internet before going to high school . 
  so if the cop was off-duty why does n't he get to pay the 2 million instead of the city ( = taxpayers ) ? 
  well next to and ejaculating on are two separate things . 
  nevertheless i 'm not judging your reaction , just advicing future generations that getting offended by a joke is never a good idea , even if the joke is beyond good taste . 
  yeah the jokers might be in the wrong doing that but does anyone honestly think anyone will care about that ? 
  except maybe the staff . 
  but going to the staff about a joke is like sentencing yourself to 4 years of loneliness , and rightfully so . 
  you know i honestly feel bad every time i have to downvote a treecomic, 
  as you can see that message was n't for you, 
  i 'm high as balls and no it is n't, 
  i voted for perussuomalaiset in the parliamentary election yet also for haavisto . 
  you ca n't just group all the `` minorities '' in as one . 
  yes my vote for ps was fueled by my concern about the current immigration policy but that does n't mean i 'd have anything against homosexuals . 
  no he wo n't , there 's absolutely no chance . 
  and i voted for him . 
  yes you did . 
  ps is not a racist party . 
  sure , they have a few candidates that have personal racist feelings but it does n't mean the entire party or their views would be racist . 
  i voted for ps and i 'm not racist , i 'm concerned about our immigration policy . 
  i also voted for haavisto . 
  actually they affect my life more so yes , they are . 
  is n't the whole reason were each given our own vote so that you can in your own interest aka selfishly ? 
  that way the result of the election will reflect the people . 
  i never knew '' , and '' was correct, 
  this map actually makes me feel pretty good, 
  just because i can have sex with a condom does n't mean i would n't like to enjoy it more . 
  it 's like pizza , i love it anyway but i 'd rather eat a really delicious stone oven baked pizza than some microwave pizza covered by plastic . 
  season 2 is the worst imo . 
  it gets better again . 
   is n't it better to have sex with a condom than to not have sex at all ? 
  luckily these are n't the only options, 
  the show has n't been the same since they left whatever that original place was called, 
  and * anything by hbo *, 
  ca n't it be he was competent for the job and they got along well . 
  it 's not like personal relationships and first impressions do n't factor into getting the job . 
  either one would be fine, 
  well what if they already covered his education , the work duties etc. 
  and `` the reminder of the interview '' just meant they casually chatted for 5 minutes before sending him out ? 
  yeah i probably died once or twice but i never considered beating cod on veteran an accomplishment . 
  i 've done it with every cod since the first and it 's just part of the game ( i usually choose hardened on the first play through ) . 
  now mile high club on the other hand ... 
  if i 'm in a relationship i 'm completely fine `` pressuring '' my significant other into at least considering options which significantly improve my happiness if not our happiness . 
  just like she pressures me into dressing up nicely when we go out on town , because it makes her happy to be in seen in stylish company . 
  actually the reason i go out in the first place is because it makes her happy . 
  these things are part of a relationship , you ca n't just be `` annoyed '' and ignore the other 's wishes . 
  i was 9 when thps2 came out and i remember using op 's strategy , 
  this has nothing to do with tiesto personally . 
  anyone who whines how others party because it 's `` hurtful to the scene '' ( especially something ridiculously harmless like glowsticks ) is a douche . 
  do n't like them ? 
  fine , do n't buy one . 
  it does . 
  the `` 0 deaths '' myth/misunderstanding comes from the fact that there are no recorded overdoses of thc . 
  burns better and more evenly . 
  even if i had endless weed i 'd still smoke it with some quality tobacco . 
  well there really is n't much to debate . 
  the problem is n't even the thc or other cannabinoids , it 's the tar , carbon monoxide and other carcinogens caused simply by any burning matter and then inhaling it . 
  wrapping it up in paper before burning certainly does n't help . 
  i know the burn `` fine '' . 
  the added tobacco just makes it burn * better * . 
  edibles are tons of fun but they 're not really a substitute . 
  just like vaping is n't a substitute for burning ( or eating ) .
