   best would be basically whatever vid seems to get the best feedback . 
  it would be nice to have a vote for the top 5 or so, 
  to eliminate the time of submission and luck etc from factoring in, 
  why is there only gay porn in google image search when you enter wayne 's world `` doodley do '', 
  i make fun of bald chemo patients . 
  i also make fun of michael j. 
  fox . 
  it does n't mean i 'd kick either in the nuts if i saw them, 
  i 've noticed the same thing in at least 5 submissions that have made the front page today . 
  but ... they 're the same height ? 
  lol u mad . 
  would had been a lot easier with a proper reload though, 
  idk i 've googled and tryed lubricants buy i still just stick it in every now and then . 
  feels good man, 
  i do n't see what condoms and lube have to do with each other . 
  i would never use a condom with anal , the initial penetration it 's hard enough to begin with . 
  i do n't want to worry about any extra shit ( pun not intended ) . 
  i honestly was n't even though i now see people seem to think i was . 
  back in my day you could comment on certain actions in a video without being a hater . 
  i still enjoyed the vid you know . 
  and you ca n't disagree he had time and opportunity to reload . 
  this time it did n't matter but do n't you hate playing s & d and seeing the last ally die because he did n't reload properly ? 
  i think i might just get those . 
  is it possible to adjust the voice volume seperately from the game ? 
  also how do those plug in to what ? 
  i do n't really give a shit about your shit issues but i 'd fuck the shit out of your girlfriend, 
  cigarettes do n't make me poop but have you ever tried swedish snus ? 
  i 've used tons of the stuff yet it still affects me like nothing else . 
  i do n't have a component cable and even if i did it would n't fit while the hdmi is plugged in . 
  is it a regular 3,5 mm ? 
  can i just plug it into the headphone jack in my tv and the controller ? 
  i tried to post [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/q5rx3.gif ) earlier today but it got caught up in the spam filter . 
  seriously i think bitching about screenshots is a lot worse than what they accuse people of . 
  this is the reason i could n't care less about my w/l, 
  also tdm is the only game mode i never play . 
  i ca n't understand why it 's the most popular . 
  boring as hell . 
  go cry somewhere else, 
  i 've been eating spagetti a couple times a week every week since i was probably 2 . 
  i only use a fork , spoons are for noobs . 
  i think our definition of a high quality headset is a bit different , 
  well it 's $ 250 compared to $ 49, 
  it is possible if you have a jtag xbox . 
  probably not legal though . 
  as someone whose hdd broke and now relies on a usb drive ( high quality kingston ) i can say flash drives do n't work too quickly with the xbox, 
  i do n't install games but for in games with dlc map packs it takes about double the time to load the usb maps as it did when they were on a hdd . 
  i 'm always the last to join a game in bfbc2 where as i used to be one of the first . 
  or you know . . christians ? 
  and muslims ? 
  and jews and hindus ? 
  do n't worry about the downvotes . 
  in a world where eighty something percent are religious it should n't come as a surprise that people never want to hear the truth . 
  i know what i 'll be doing tonight, 
  i 've never played tdm, 
  i 've played thousand of hours on xbox live and never seen a cheater . 
  i 've seen youtube videos but never actually encountered one . 
  i 've seen hundreds on pc . 
  stop feeding the trolls, 
  possibly one of the hottest women on the planet, 
  they just want attention . 
  like r/beatingwomen and twoxchromosomes . 
  they love it when somebody gets upset and this shit gets voted up . 
  e. just to be clear r/bw wants attention from 2xc . 
  i was n't calling 2xc trolls . 
  fail, 
  everything, 
  i 'd like to see some footage and not just a self post, 
  pro tip : mute everybody when waiting for the game to begin . 
  i could n't play cod otherwise . 
  it 's a shame because in games like bfbc2 i really enjoy communicating with the squad . 
  this man loves me more than anybody ? 
  lol i 'll kill his family and friends just for lulz . 
  also satan dared me to . 
  i 've never understood how people in movies can roll joints with any piece of paper . 
  i 've never understood how this is possible . 
  how does the paper stick ? 
  because even proper rolling papers with shitty/ruined glue do n't hold . 
  why are you downvoted ? 
  i bet it is n't . 
  yeah because these are the things atheists actually care about , and not just retarded religious people 's idea of atheists . 
  does nothing . 
  cmd + f finds however, 
  luckily i could n't care less about downvotes , 
  i think making a bong out of anything is pretty simple compared to rolling without glue, 
  nice link but i do n't think i 've ever seen a rollercoaster with less imagination than `` goliath '', 
  e. also why did the top rated roller coaster open exactly 1 year after i visited orlando sea world ; __ ;, 
  i 'm european so the chances of me going back there are pretty slim . 
  1500 to 2700 or 2 to 1 and you quit ? 
  people like you are the cancer that 's causing these problems . 
  i understand if it 's like 5000 to 1500 with hueys etc. 
  but that sort of difference is still easily overcomable , especially now that they have 1 more player on their team . 
  instead you just quit because it is n't the easiest possible situation and basically say `` fuck you '' to all your teammates . 
  there 's nothing better than joining s & d at 0-3 and going 4-3, 
  that 's why you should n't become a teacher is you 're smart . 
  no one else does . 
  i 'm pretty sure the sister was not drawn into the comic because then it would make some sense but then again why she was even mentioned if she 's not important enough to paste an additional face in makes none, 
  it 's a decent film but it 's nowhere near being even her ( marry queen ) best scene let alone hottest porn ever . 
  i think it 's because sometimes the gun glitches and stays in your hand while going down . 
  on occasions it even replaces the pistol when lying on the ground . 
  it 's pretty annoying since you ca n't shoot at all .
