  how would the moonlight get inside a cave without lighting up the area around the entrance ? 
  looks great but i 'd love a download too, 
  fail, 
  my love for swings overpowered my hatred of hipsters, 
  do you actually believe an average ent is able to find anything at a music festival when he struggles to find the lighter he 's holding in his other hand, 
  i know this is n't exactly but you want but meanwhile you can go to [ r/gaming + tf2 + starcraft + wow ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming+tf2+starcraft+wow ) etc. 
  also if you use res you can make a shortcut for it in the bar up top !, 
  yeahh ... nope, 
  yes . 
  your point being ? 
  there 's some blue light on the blocks that are 1 away from the hole but none in the surrounding ones which supports the theory that the blue is coming from inside . 
  since when has the moon been a spotlight ? 
  a downvote because the question was given a better answer right above this post 20 minutes prior, 
  in the first picture it definitely is . 
  the torch/orb/mushroom / whatever might have been ( re ) moved before the day/second picture so that it would n't show right in the middle of the pic and give away everything . 
  i do n't know , i 'm not notch . 
  i am not claiming i know for certain what it is in that picture . 
  for all i know there 's just a hole on the other side and it 's moonlight coming through . 
  i just thought it was interesting . 
  i hate the aisle seat . 
  personally i have a bladder of steel so i fucking hate getting up for other people that want to use the bathroom . 
  i 'll always trade the extra leg space for peace and relaxation . 
  [ please do n't : complain about a story being old . 
  reddit is about interesting stuff , not new stuff only . 
  just hide the story . 
  9 out of 10 people enjoy gangrape, 
  absolutely horrible, 
  in gamespot 's case i guess both, 
  is there a pipe leading from the base to the bottom or is it just a hole w / a screen ? 
  because if it 's just a base then that looks like an extremely poorly designed bowl . 
  if it 's a proper bong then it looks awesome . 
  why has this been downvoted , it 's [ the truth ] ( http://www.reddit.com/help/faq#howisasubmissionsscoredetermined ), 
  just because you 're friend 's a douche does n't mean you must smoke alone . 
  you need better friends . 
  source for the original nekkid picture please, 
  this is why you people ( mainly americans and brits ) fucking need to stop being so afraid of penises and boobs . 
  you 're condition is serious , it 's easily fixable with the help of a doctor but it 's definitely something you should n't just live with . 
  and if your dick was n't such a fucking taboo you 'd have figured that out before the age of 19 . 
  also , how do you masturbate ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  thank you, 
  what 's the difference between a bong and a bubbler ? 
  the wikipedia article for bubbler just leads to `` bong #bubbler '' which does n't exist, 
  downvoted for `` fuck lazy '', 
  you do n't need to slander other posts to make your own, 
  thanks for the explanation, 
  i have never seen an ad on reddit , stop your bitching and get abp, 
  what, 
  i was n't talking about phimosis ( which i am certain has been discussed here before , it 's pretty common ) . 
  i was talking about dicks in general . 
  still i do n't really get your point , are you sure you know what a taboo is ? 
  nah i 'm not new , english just is n't my native language, 
  i 'd have given it an upvote if the last panel had said i fucking love you , trees, 
  it 's actually on the first page of google if you search for `` funny cat '', 
  an ipad costs about the same as a cell phone or a gaming console, 
  i do n't see why it 's a big deal, 
  ipad is n't a great gift for anyone , it 's a piece of crap . 
  and no i 'm not an apple hating anti-fanboy , i actually own 2 macs but the ipad fucking sucks, 
  it was still fucking annoying and not worth the pp because you get no xp at all, 
  i 'd recommend limbo too but 1200 is way too much for it . 
  i got it for 600 and it seems to be in sale often . 
  geometry wars 2, 
  castle crashers, 
  braid, 
  no usb, 
  no memory card slot, 
  no flash, 
  no multitasking, 
  no optical drive ( understandable , but would be nice to be able to watch dvds ), 
  4:3 screen ( no wait , it would n't be ), 
  overheating issues, 
  when sitting away from desk you have to hold it ( unlike a netbook ) so you can only use one hand to type, 
  ios ( well at least it 's jailbreakable ), 
  e. these are all facts , not opinions or something i just made up . 
  i do n't really care about karma so go ahead and downvote but i do n't think you understand the up/down system properly . 
  90 % of people do n't care about usb ? 
  yeah right, 
  if you decide your electronics purchases based on what old people or small children think then good luck, 
  no , because even those certain people would be better off with competing product from another company . 
  it 's crap . 
  deal with it . 
  depends completely on who and what it 's for . 
  i know what you 're thinking but there is no purpose for which ipad would be the best . 
  use google . 
  a console is $ 250 now but not on launch, 
  i own a mac book pro , an imac and 4 different ipods, 
  but yeah i guess i love to hate apple, 
  e. oh and to your question : i would n't, 
  who cares ? 
  i love stealing, 
  i see your point , but still the context that makes them seem like opinions does n't change the fact that they are , well , facts . 
  rather than a downvote i 'd like to see a response explaining why a 4:3 screen does n't suck . 
  your kid 's kinda brown, 
  what 's 762 ? 
  i admit that one part about hands etc is . 
  but other than that they 're features that a tablet could very well have, 
  i do n't know but i 'll promise to suck the dick of anyone who posts sauce, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  you could n't finish it ? 
  i thought it was fun , not the masterpiece that people make it out to be but worth the money and effort for sure .
