  the problem is that you , and most of society , assume females are there for you to have sex with . 
  they do n't belong to you . 
  get over it, 
  did i say every single woman wants my dick ? 
  no , i did n't . 
  but are you seriously going to argue that many if not majority of people in night clubs are n't actually interested at all in how the opposite sex sees them as ? 
   a woman has the right to dress how she wills . 
  it is not stupid . 
  you talk as if men are uncontrollable rape machines . 
  and i have the right to leave my bike or front door unlocked . 
  i choose not to for my safety . 
  why the fuck would n't they be comparable ? 
  yes , getting raped is worse than having your wallet stolen obviously , but i would n't want either one of those things to happen . 
  they 're both crimes where i 'm the victim and i want to avoid them the best i can . 
   like plenty of things on facebook , it might vary from account to account . 
  true , and knowing fb probably from week to week as well . 
  it is broke though . 
  that site in the modern internet is like watching hd broadcasts on and old 18 '' crt . 
  yeah it ai n't broke , you can see some sort of picture , but that does n't mean it could n't be a lot better . 
  ok , well how about this . 
  if a liverpool lost a soccer game , i 'm not going to go hang out outside anfield wearing an everton jersey . 
  how 's that for a comparison . 
  i 'd fear for my safety and change my attire . 
  yes i have the right to wear that jersey , but i choose not to because i 'm an intelligent human beign . 
   also , the ` point ' of the game is n't to achieve things . 
  the ` point ' is to fucking have fun . 
  the fun in games comes from achieving things . 
  that 's why there are difficulty settings and not everyone plays on `` casual '' . 
  yeah because i 'd much rather be clicking on every link and wait for each to load separately and go back etc etc than just scroll down and enjoy the ride . 
  or i could open them all in tabs , forget the titles and miss the comment discussion . 
  that 's a great option too . 
  no i think i prefer my way . 
  actually i ca n't even browse reddit elsewhere ( without res ) . 
  in your theoretical magic happy wonderland it maybe does n't, 
  that 's exactly why i would have puncher her instead of calling the cops . 
  i think going back to prison for x number of years is a bit harsh . 
  i live in scandinavia so i actually get all the jokes but that comic still is n't funny . 
   why the fuck ca n't they implement an electronic voting machine that also prints out paper copies of each vote, 
  or , you know , a piece of paper and a pen ? 
  that could work too, 
  no it was n't, 
  if you search for polstainen it says there are no known polstainens alive or dead . 
  no p\u00f6lst\u00e4inens either . 
  i 'm trying to think of something but i really ca n't come up with a name that 'd resemble polstainen . 
  it does sound pretty legit though , i would n't stop to wonder if i heard the name . 
  lol 'd, 
  and congratulations on 420 karma, 
  tropicana summer berry . 
  apple ( 63 % ), 
  orange ( 21 % ), 
  strawberry ( 6 % ), 
  grapes ( 5 % ), 
  rasberry ( 3 % ), 
  elderberry ( 2 % ), 
  sooo gooood , i recommend everyone to try it, 
  well that makes sense , why did n't i think of that :d, 
  bars and nightclubs are n't , but if your on foot alone the walk home is . 
  and i would n't wear the jersey anywhere in the city . 
  or even talk about soccer in line for a hotdog or whatever you do at night, 
  you do know you can just unsubscribe , no need to filter ? 
  my neverending reddit works just fine , maybe once a day it takes two tries but other than that it 's fine . 
  and all that tab business is still ridiculously complicated compared to just scrolling and lolling, 
  well remember that we 're only hearing one side of the story . 
  the same situation could probably be told as : `` she grabbed me so i pushed her away '' . 
  does it sound jail-worthy now ? 
  actually i 'm still -10, 
  idk i had just woken up and had a crappy morning when i read your comment . 
  not mad anymore . 
  have you tried using it ? 
  i live in europe and buy shit priced in dollars on the internet all the time . 
  currencies can be exchanged you know . 
  i never turn off my computer . 
  problem solved . 
  i have no limit at all and a 100mbit dedicated connection . 
  suck on that . 
  the thing is though in the u.s it 's like 1 % of people that has over 90 % of the money . 
  sure the average looks good , but i 'd like to see the median . 
  i did n't learn my math in english . 
  in finnish the word for average is the same as mean ( average means mean unless otherwise specified ) . 
  feels good man, 
  boy shorts are n't my favourite either but thongs are just horrible, 
  it 's the same with other clothing . 
  i think a sexy top looks way better than shit like [ this ] ( http://www.bestbuytoolstosale.com/images_products/tiny_bikini_thongs.jpg ) , even though it would cover up more skin, 
  exactly the same thing i was thinking about . 
  you 'd think an organized sport would be more strict than schoolyard games and not the opposite . 
  well at least we know he did n't skip the `` smoke '' part, 
  a lot better than the u.s ? 
  i do reboot every 2-4 weeks for updates , but that does n't really count as turning it off as it 's only off for a fraction of a secomd . 
   what 's the meaning of the numbers ? 
  now i do n't know for sure but common sense tells me they are the ratio of people in that area . 
  blue area with a blue 2 and a red 1 would mean there are ~ 66 % croats and ~ 33 % serbs . 
  well sure but why would one do that, 
  whenever i consider going back to wow , i just think of the 3 days i actually spent playing it and realize how shitty a game it was, 
  but you ca n't talk about sexuality out loud !, 
  it 's a sin !, 
  there 's a difference between turning off and rebooting . 
  also my computer does n't make a sound when booted, 
  yes the computer is off for a fraction of a second , but it 's still not the same as ** turning it off **, 
  exactly . 
  i did n't know there was a r/amr and hearing about it just makes me wonder why someone would care ?
