  i do n't see anything wrong with declining an invite to the white house for personal political reasons . 
  and i certainly do n't see how that 's `` putting yourself above the team '' . 
  yeah well quite frankly the other two houses are not mentioned nearly at all and even then rarely other than by name . 
  i 'm talking about the books , only seen one or two of the movies . 
  does n't matter if it 'd been years or days since i last finished a book , i could still only remember the good ones , the bad ones and `` those other two that are never relevant . '', 
  i 'm sure just by mentioning his name you offended somebody . 
  and that picture is pretty damn white . 
  most of those ( non-slytherin ) names ring a bell . 
  however even though i remember the characters i still have no clue about the `` houses '' . 
  other than what the hat told about them which is pretty vague . 
  the only ones i know more than a name , colour and something like `` bravery '' are slytherin and gryffindor . 
  i never learned how to dance so i never danced even at clubs . 
  at some point i decided fuck it , stopped caring and just walked to the dancefloor . 
  i found out most people do n't know how to dance . 
  they just do n't care either . 
  learning to dance is pretty much that moment when you decide you can have fun no matter how it looks . 
  the finer details you kinda pick off over time if you keep trying . 
  or not , does n't matter . 
  americans ( and many others as well ) have a hard time typing up finnish they 've heard because their brains simply are n't used to words with double consonants . 
  like in kippis . 
  i have no clue what seek and reek are supposed to mean in finnish . 
  mathias nyg\u00e5rd sounds like a swedish name so it 's possible he 's bilingual and trolling because those words do sound more like swedish as well . 
  wait how is that waterfall supposed to work when the downstem is all the way to the bottom ? 
  or maybe it does now that i think about it . 
  i 've just never done it that way . 
  it was n't so much a protest towards the current obama administration as the whole institution of u.s government and how it has developed . 
  just because thomas is an athlete he should have full freedom to express his beliefs and professional athletes rarely get asked about their political opinions so i understand why thomas wanted to use this opportunity . 
  `` making somebody look bad '' should be a lot lower on your list of priorities than freedom of expression . 
  it 's not about someone accusing something . 
  do n't you get it ? 
  not everything in life is about appearances . 
  thomas felt it was important to him ** personally ** and he should have the choice . 
  it 's easy . 
  just e-mail me your social security number and bank account information and you can get one too !, 
  do n't forget the demographic of reddit, 
  21 but there was also a poll of some sort a while back, 
  yeah because on a mac there is no hide command like cmd + h, 
  yep . 
  and there 's a diffuser . 
  i 'd like to taste that waterfall . 
  like a regular waterfall . 
  i assume the cork is screwed open providing the water a hole to espace . 
  because of pressure and science and shit the bottle needs something to replace the water with so it sucks air from the only available hole , the bowl , which is lit at the same time so the bottle fills with smoke . 
  wait until all the water is gone and inhale . 
  instagraming a picture of a tv screen displaying fifa ? 
  oh god . 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.ebaumsworld.com/video/watch/80795708/ ) and it was the first result in google, 
  yeah when i started playing fifa 12 ( first fifa i played online too ) i went straight up from 10th to 6th division . 
  then my level caught up with me and i started losing and dropped back into 8th or 9th . 
  yeah and it was remapped to rb for fifa12 . 
  i do n't see the difference . 
  you can take cool pictures with it . 
  if it 's an otherwise nice picture and you get lucky with the filters . 
  if you have 200 instagram pictures on facebook chances are most of them are not as good . 
  i play a lot less on my ps3 so that definitely affects it but at least 1 out of 3 times i turn it on it needs to update in order to connect to psn . 
  fifa is a buggy piece of shit . 
  but i still love it though . 
  today i got fouled in the penalty box but the ball bounced back to my cam about 2 meters out of the 16 line so referee waived play on and i finessed it into the far top corner . 
  right away i noticed something was off because the camera did n't react and there was no immidiate whistle . 
  after the ball had been in the net for atleast an entire second the referee abrutly whistled twice and i got a penalty shot . 
  at least it went in, 
  there was one classic post on that subreddit, 
  worst is when you get fouled near the goal ( < 25yd ) and it takes you over a second to lose the ball or the player still shoots a shitty shot and you lose the free kick . 
  i was told the `` cancel '' button should always give the free kick but that definitely does n't work at least in online matches, 
  yeah i honestly do n't care enough about your american politics nor metallica lyrics to guess either way, 
  i just watched it for the first time . 
  overall i enjoyed it ( jean reno was great ) but i could n't shake the feeling i was watching softcore kiddie porn edited for tv & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  on hardcore there is no kill cams so you spawn instantly and i do n't think you get any protection . 
  reapers and ac-130 's are brutal . 
  account suspended, 
  this account has been suspended, 
  e. http://www.dailymotion.com/playlist/x1ayjj_viking089_theresa-giovanni/1, 
  `` getting '' ? 
  `` come on big us one more big smile '', 
  guy is already smiling, 
  how ca n't they fix it ? 
  the markers show up so the hits must be registered somewhere and it worked just fine in bo ( hence the blopshotting ? 
  idk ), 
  no it did n't . 
  i played black ops online a lot and you could definitely shoot someone while they were falling to last stand . 
  especially in hc this was easily noticable . 
  i played over 100hrs in split-screen multiplayer where i could n't use headphones so i used last stand instead of ninja . 
  you definitely took damage on the way down . 
  sometimes it would bug of course but the key difference is there would be no hit marker either . 
  ok that is possible . 
  however in bo you would switch to your pistol when falling down which would take about half a second . 
  in mw3 you can immidiately fire your primary weapon which makes this 0.5 second ( i suspect it 's even longer in mw3 ) protection all the more bullshit . 
  well no one 's ever liked it and it 's always supposed to be gone `` in the next game '' but here we are playing call of duty 8 and it 's still there . 
  the `` international version '' which is the longer one ( i checked the scene list on wikipedia ), 
  corsten is a talented dj and plays good music but i fucking hate those pre-recorded i do n't know what they 're called thingys that every show has telling the name etc. 
  his are the absolute worse . 
  `` if he likes the way you move . . he 'll decide the way you dance . . 
  ferry corsten '' what the fuck is that . 
  [ god damn hippies ] ( http://img179.imageshack.us/img179/6136/cartmanhippieua6.jpg ), 
  two long lost brothers ? 
  also it was a tv performance . 
  producers and shit might be very strict about sticking to the pre-approved script . 
  the amount of money that `` comes out of there '' in taxes etc is nothing compared to the heaps of euros that we keep pushing in . 
  they could n't maintain they 're current lifestyle were they to separate . 
  also they have better civil rights than the rest of finnish people .
