  it 's a terrible feeling . 
  i do n't know why i dislike it so strongly but i 've tried shrooms a few times and none of them were pleasant . 
  that 's one drug i can guarantee i 'm never doing again . 
  closing your eyes and `` seeing '' music is amazing . 
  everything else i 'd rather not experience . 
  and i will automatically think bigkev47 and everyone who responded ( yes , even the comments i did n't bother to open ) are sheeple . 
  butt hurt sheeple because they whine about the term . 
  any mention of god or religion ( not from an outside analyzing perspective ) makes me automatically think less of anyone who says it . 
  i know this is an extremely brave comment but i do n't see a reason to lie . 
  it 's true . 
  i can not take a religious person seriously . 
  i wo n't be a dick to them or debate them but it will affect how i see them . 
  i can see you 're butt hurt probably because you 're jelly of someone or something . 
  yeah but black people are n't responsible for even close to 1/12th of our history . 
  mongolians have probably had more effect on our culture . 
  why no mongolian history month ? 
  just download the game and install it with your own cd-key . 
  it 's not illegal and even less immoral . 
  zombies are ** boring ** and above all overdone . 
  maybe a decade from now i 'll be able to get excited about zombies again but right now it 's like making a ww2 game was in the early 2000s . 
  besides it totally kills the atmosphere . 
  a post-apocalyptic yet realistic world with street gangs and whatnow sounds amazing . 
  another zombie game does n't . 
  even if the zombies are just a small chunk of the game it still totally ruins the mood and cheapens the game . 
  this game had potential to have a great story . 
  now i ca n't take anything in it seriously . 
  a zombie is a zombie . 
  i want to shoot people . 
  what made last of us stand out when it was announced was those last 3 seconds where the guy begs the protagonist not to shoot him . 
  zombies do n't do that . 
  zombies do n't evoke emotion . 
  zombies are the pg-13 moving target practice that everybody can shoot and feel good about it . 
  does n't make much for an interesting story . 
  you ca n't have a serious tone or an interesting plot when zombies are involved . 
  imagine any great classic movie you know and then try to imagine how it would 've turned out had they included zombies . 
  yeah i ca n't think of any that would 've improved . 
  if someone with rabies runs at me i shoot them , if that thing runs at me i do n't do anything because the game is still sitting on the shelf at my local supermarket . 
   those who were allowed to play it better say something positive or it 's the last sneak peek they 'll journalist career will get, 
  ftfy, 
  not that i 'm doubting naughty dogs skill to make amazing games . 
  just pointing out that anything that 's said pre-release or open beta is worth nothing . 
  but if you 're a grown ass man who can smoke anywhere why would you smoke in your bed ? 
  i do n't want ash in my bed sheets . 
  i do n't want the smell of smoke in my bedroom . 
  i 'm an adult , i can smoke wherever i want . 
  that 's why i do n't smoke in my bedroom . 
   why are you so against zombies ? 
  when i saw the post apocalyptic setting i was stoked for a survival game . 
  one with a deep plot and character arcs . 
  a pack of street gangs try to steal your food ? 
  killing them sounds justifiable . 
  but what about when you run out of food and have to raid one of the street gangs ? 
  well you do have children to feed so one can understand . 
  what about when it turns out the opposing gangs also have children ? 
  your enemies are simply people like yourself trying to survive and look after their loved ones . 
  could make for a very interesting story as you slowly dive deeper and deeper blurring the line of what 's ethical . 
  scary zombies ? 
  yeah shoot them , shoot as many as you can because you know they 're zombies , who 's gon na miss them ? 
  and besides they look gross . 
  oh absolutely . 
  i believe any person without prejudices is naive . 
  yeah i 've seen the footage . 
  whether they look scary or not is not the issue for me . 
  the fact that shooting a zombie does n't evoke any emotion is . 
  i wanted to see a story of a man in a post apocalyptic world making difficult decisions to protect those close to him . 
  something reminiscent of spec ops the line but a bit more subtle . 
  people slowly turning into animals ( figuratively ) fighting for their survival . 
  a plot that really makes you think about your actions as your morals slowly corrode away in favor of survival instinct . 
  i want my actions to have some sort of weight . 
  i want to have interesting character development . 
  i wan na shoot a gang member for his loaf of bread only to find his wife and newborn baby in the closet waiting for the food . 
  but i had to , right ? 
  otherwise i would 've starved myself . 
  shooting zombies is like going to the gun range . 
  it does n't matter if they look scary or not , they 're not humans . 
  you 'll never feel bad for shooting a zombie . 
  it 's not immoral to ever shoot a zombie . 
  the characters wo n't start questioning whether they 've crossed the line and shot too many zombies . 
  shooting is what zombies are for . 
  they 're bland and boring . 
  yeah and so were ww2 games in the early 2000s . 
  what 's your point ? 
  if you 're gon na go down that route facebook games have even more players than any zombie game . 
  maybe they should make last of us into a web browser puzzle game ? 
  because you know whatever the general public buys will also make for the highest quality product . 
  the kind that will be remembered as a masterpiece for decades . 
  do n't get me wrong i love the smell , i just do n't like it after i 'm finished smoking . 
  to me smoking in your bedroom `` because you can '' does n't sound like something an adult would do . 
  it sounds like something a teenager whose parents are out for the weekend would do . 
  normally he can blaze anywhere except the house but now is his one chance to toke in his bedroom , how exciting !, 
  when you 're an adult it does n't have that thrill factor in it anymore , i have nothing to gain from smoking in my bedroom . 
  i 'm an adult , i can choose to smoke wherever i wish , that 's precisely why i do n't smoke in the one place on earth that i want to keep clean and fresh , my bedroom . 
  yeah but the overall atmosphere and tone of the game is simply ruined because of sci-fi boogie monster zombies . 
  it 's just not the same . 
  i ca n't take some though moral choice or plot twist seriously when the next level is going to be the living dead trying to eat my brains . 
  for me personally just having them around kills the mood . 
  i just do n't see the reason for them . 
  there could be human opponents to sneak around just as well and they would n't make the entire game feel silly . 
  no actually what i 'm saying is dividing history by skin colour is stupid . 
  to divide it to different months is fucking retarded .
