  downvoted for overall gayness, 
  why do people seriously upvote this kind of karma whoring that 's basically just wasting everyones time, 
  high score ? 
  it takes 5 days to strecth the jeans after washing until they 're fully usable again . 
  more like 5 months, 
  sometimes i wonder how people can be so stupid, 
  doing it right now , not nervous or anything . 
  i do n't mind and usually stop as soon as i notice it myself, 
  only to resume in 10 seconds, 
  i do n't dance . 
  problem avoided . 
  mom [ ] ( / wtf ), 
  and the man who had no say still has to pay full child support . 
  yay for equality, 
  everyone i know, 
  see that 's what 's wrong with the system . 
  the woman had sex too , yet she has the option not to take care of a baby but a man who is supposed to be equal does n't get that same right . 
  either either one of them has the right to abort the baby ( which is not going to work ) or you should have the option to deny parental rights/responsibilities, 
  well the thing is , even if you did put it in writing it would n't be legally binding . 
  well certainly not her if she does n't hold them togerther, 
  immigrants have raped sweden and denmark . 
  finland would had been next . 
  1970 election . 
  check your facts . 
  i do n't know anybody that well from the school i go to . 
  certainly not well enough for them to call or text me if i miss one week of school . 
  and i 'm not even forever alone , i have friends outside of school . 
  i go to school to get schooled that 's it . 
  e. school school school, 
  i never thought i 'd watch a 10 minute video about a slaughterhouse, 
  animals kill other animals to eat . 
  people are animals . 
  at least we try to make the process as quick and painless as possible unlike predators with their claws and teeth 'n shit, 
  i get chills every time i watch this when they show sel\u00e4nne, 
  technology is awesome while high . 
  so i 'm not in, 
  customers who viewed this item also viewed :, 
  starcraft ii : wings of liberty, 
  lol, 
  pure genius !, 
  i want to live in a world where polite allcaps guy is a moderator, 
  google earth ! = google maps, 
  i was gon na post the exactly same thing . 
  thanks for saving me from the downvotes, 
  do n't worry bro i got it covered, 
  why do n't i have a custom time setting in gmail [ ] ( / okay ), 
  i play fps 's on xbox and always defend them in debates against mouse/keyboard saying you just have to get used to them but portal is one game that i could never play with a controller . 
  can you really do the quick `` jumping down , gaining momentum , turning around , launching to a completely different direction '' etc combos ? 
  every day, 
  lol niggers . 
  this is why we do n't want this shit in europe . 
  brace for downvotes, 
  that 's only about 10 % of the cases, 
  not defending it . 
  just saying, 
  there are n't any, 
  sorry to inform you but the rest of the internet is even more racist . 
  your comment makes no sense . 
  if i had done this rage comic , it would had been the `` got through traffic like a boss '' kind, 
  glee is highschool musical for those who do n't want to admit they 're fabulous, 
  it is n't bad in the sense that it 's regular bar pricing at least in any larger city . 
  you do have a point though and it is also the reason i avoid bars, 
  it is astonishing how bad americans are at spelling their own native language, 
  source please , because i do n't think it 's every episode , more like a few every season . 
  i might be wrong but i 've seen them all at least 5 times, 
  if you want it that bad just download it illegally . 
  you 'd be installing the game in the time it took you to make and submit this, 
  i 'm european and i 've always called my teachers by first name . 
  it was pretty mind fucking to study in the states for a year . 
  am i the only one that thinks this special `` try out fatalities '' mode kinda ruins the whole point, 
  i 'm 20 right now and i think about this every day, 
  i have this exact problem except opposite . 
  i 'll be sleeping in my underwear with the window ajar around the year while my gf is under every fucking blanket in the house and i ca n't even try to lie close to her let alone cuddle because her skin is like the goddamn surface of the sun, 
  when i was a kid i used to tap both a and b furiously . 
  just played pokemon blue on gbc again like a month ago , did n't seem to have any effect [ ] ( / troll ), 
  so you make your own microwave butter popcorn while about to watch a movie at a theater [ ] ( / wat ), 
  `` skip it '' what the fuck is wrong with your parents, 
  this really would n't be awkward if he just had the skills to play it off, 
  do you have reddit gold or something ? 
  because i have n't seen the total upvotes/downvotes in comments for ages, 
  the money or the tricycle, 
  i even added an extra sentence about `` the rest of the english speaking world '' but decided to erase it since it always seems to be the u.s, 
  i just downloaded the rude ( lol ) and works fine , thanks . 
  now i have to ho through all my comments again, 
  long comics are fine . 
  it 's the fact that it does n't even try to be funny or interesting that bothers me . 
  `` do you wan na be my girlfriend ? '', 
  there is no point to playing softcore , shit just sucks . 
  people tapping the spot button like crazy and seeing you through bushes and then other players who have no clue what 's going on scoring a perfect headshot from the other side of the map simply by shooting at the spot arrow ( which would be tolerable if it just stayed where you were spotted , but the motherfucker moves with you even after you get into cover ), 
  also , rush is the only really good game mode , especially on consoles . 
  on pc there 's more players so conquest might be ok , but the battles never reach the intensity of rush maps . 
  almost any gun is ok , if you want my favourites ( lvl50 ) here they are :, 
  assault : m416 , aug , f2000, 
  engineer : scar-l , pp-20000 , ak-74u, 
  sniper : gol , m24, 
  those are in some sort of order but it does n't really matter , they 're all good . 
  m9 , m1911 and grach are all good pistols , m93r sucks donkey dick and the revolver is useless ( for it kills with the same amount of bullets as m1911 for example but is much slower and less accurate ), 
  40mm shotgun is probably the best shotgun , you should definitely try it out, 
  as to where to move etc you have to figure that shit out by our own , but it is very benefitial to find good friends to play with and/or add any good players that you `` click '' well with to your friend list . 
  the gaming is much more fun and you tend to play a lot better .
