  now it 's just getting sad , i think it was beyonc\u00e9 who 's great granddad or something was finnish -  front page news . 
  everything conan o ' brien does is newsworthy and seriously just mentioning finland in any tv-show that does n't even have to air over here gets reported by tabloids . 
  i do n't see how a small image file that links to another reddit submission would affect database setup or be hard to do . 
  `` keep pressing 1 its like theyre humping each other '', 
  i just wanted to point this out to anyone who missed the youtube comment, 
  her voice is too annoying to listen to completely through, 
  this is the internet . 
  deal with it, 
  sorry but my fridge is not in the internet, 
  whine about grammar . 
  fail at grammar . 
  do n't worry , we 'll just call it a daily repost, 
  even if you had never seen one would you more likely think it 's a urinal or some weird european hand washing device, 
  no you would n't have, 
  so you could read the title but not the single line self post or the comments which this was a response to ? 
   your ', 
  you ca n't laugh if someone runs by you while dropping shit from his pant leg ? 
  what has this world come to . 
  also i 'm pretty sure this is age discrimination , you ageist !, 
  downvoted for `` here '' instead of `` hear '', 
  so there exists a laptop without a mute button or a person stupid enough not to press it ? 
  i just want to see those pics he talked about, 
  i 'm multilingual and i think sentences in my head with two languages and sometimes speak out something with the grammar of another language , but i do n't believe it 's actually possible to unawarely switch languages while talking . 
  sure you 'll get ideas like `` this saying from another language would fit this occasion perfectly '' but you wo n't say it out loud without ok ` ing it in your brain . 
  tl ; dr she 's just a douche/show off, 
  i thought you meant the actual incident and was pleasantly surprised by the coincidence ... then i remembered how the post begun, 
  so you figured it was better if your mother-in-law saw you peeing in your pants than on a tree ? 
  i spoke both finnish and swedish at home but i 've also lived in the u.s. 
  most of my friends speak finnish so i guess that would be my primary language . 
  but my english is fluent too . 
  i do n't know about indians but at least over here using foreign words in your sentences is the ultimate douchyness , unless there 's a specific reason . 
  i know a lot of former exchange students/people who have lived abroad and many of them like to show off by using random english words and phrases . 
  much like in the video . 
  at least where i live it 's considered extremely douchy . 
  unless of course there 's a good reason , but there rarely is . 
  and i 'm a european white atheist who speaks three languages ( two natively ) so . . 
  the point is there are 399 upvotes and 99 downvotes . 
  i like round numbers . 
  get it ? 
  well that does make sense , yet i still ca n't listen to it without hearing the smugness in her voice . 
  but i guess it just sounds like that to me . 
  btw , are american tv shows dubbed over or subtitled in india ? 
  and if they are , on what language ? 
  you know how in some movies/tv shows there 's that douchy guy with a mustache and an accent that inserts french words to his sentences and all the ladies love him . 
  it 's like that ( except reversed , i guess ), 
  but yeah i read the 7 part explanation below and i guess the situation 's different in india, 
  i avoid the problem by having three different categories : foreplay , oral sex and sex . 
  no more confusion !, 
  foreplay includes the part before that but in my opinion it also covers the fingering and/or eating out . 
  they do n't rule each other out you know, 
  oh my god a whiny feminist, 
  and i actually read a full sentence before realizing it, 
   trying to define homosexuality as the `` other '' , as something in binary opposition to `` normal '' heterosexual sex . 
  wikipedia, 
   in behavior , normal refers to a lack of significant deviation from the average . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i have nothing against homosexuals but an average person is heterosexual , therefore heterosexual sex is normal ( notice no quotations ) . 
  also it 's how mammals reproduce , where as gay sex is n't especially beneficial to the species . 
   i am looking into this question `` too much '' because i am a person who chooses to think critically about the world around her instead of accepting the qualifications majority culture tells me are `` right '' and `` normal '' . 
  the smugness . 
  it 's melting my eyes . 
  a smug feminist acts all high and mighty and offended when someone tries to ask a legitimate question to help him further understand differing sexualities and you 're surprised it gets downvoted ? 
  i do n't think million of years or reproduction really qualifies as a `` this is the way it 's always been , so this is how it is '' argument . 
  and for men in the form of karma loss if they ever wander into the circlejerk of twoxchromosomes, 
  rape is sexual , or at least mimics a sexual act . 
  clothing can be extreme sexual/sexy as well . 
  stabbing is violent and usually done in anger . 
  i do n't see how a hat would be violent or angry . 
  i mean come on . 
  i agree `` she was asking for it '' is a stupid thing to say , but this shit right here was even dumber . 
  i 'm not defending any rapists , but you have to at least understand how clothing can affect a persons actions . 
  not the person 's fault who was wearing the clothes . 
  but you must see how there 's a correlation there . 
  it 's not like any john doe walking down the street is suddenly going to rape you because you have a miniskirt and a tight top . 
  but that one perverted guy who 's going to rape somebody is more likely to pick the woman in revealing clothing . 
  and that 's the point we 're trying to make when commenting on sexy appearance and rape . 
  it 's not your fault , but you 're not helping yourself either . 
  inb4 i should have the right to wear whatever i want . 
  yeah , and i have the right to walk in my local park after midnight with as much jewelry around my neck as i can , but i wo n't because this is not a perfect world and it is not safe . 
  there was no achievement for level 50, 
  no , it does n't . 
  every day i see women that are dressed in a way that make me want to have sex with them even when i was n't thinking about anything sexual the moment before . 
  to me this means `` go talk to her '' but if i had a habit of raping i do n't see why it 's so illogical to assume my desire to have sex would n't act the same way . 
  yes , sure , clothing is n't always the reason or even a factor , but rarely does dressing revealingly protect you from rape either, 
  i think you got me all wrong . 
  i 'm not saying i can skip the kissing and teasing etc. 
  and just jam my dick in there . 
  my point was i call everything from touching and petting to fingering foreplay . 
  it 's a long process with stages . 
  i do n't see a problem with posting a . gif of a previously posted youtube video . 
  my girlfriend loved limbo, 
  geometry wars 2 on xbla, 
  til about thumbs up , 7 up, 
  sounds like a crappy game, 
  this comic is missing a punchline . 
  unless you do n't actually consider playing diablo doing just fine in which case you , sir , are a mad man, 
  link to the page ? 
  i do n't see how her being disabled changes anything . 
  well then that does change things, 
  spaces owns the shit out of both though,
