  i never thought i was a `` high level player '' . 
  better than the average 13 year old but lucky if in the `` top 25 % '' . 
  you 're right insomnia does n't have one huge twist . 
  it 's more about the atmosphere and the main character slowly losing his sanity as time goes on . 
  with a little bit of that twin peaks feeling mixed in . 
  it does n't need a `` twist '' imo . 
  it 's one of those movies where the tone and the mood are more important than pieces of dialog . 
  it was n't the only nolan movie without a twist though . 
  i do n't think inception had a `` twist '' . 
  it certainly did n't explain everything but it was pretty straight forward from the beginning . 
  following had a twist , memento does n't follow conventional logic so almost every scene was a twist . 
  prestige is the most obvious twist of them all . 
  but these days nolan is mostly known for batman movies and i do n't think you can say any of those had a big twist . 
  i enjoy nolan 's work nevertheless . 
  i have n't tried the jets you can see outside but the one in the hangar is pretty easy ( something something lazer ) . 
  just drive to the hangar doors , throw 1 c4 on each side of the opening and run to the plane . 
  when you get inside and start to accelerate detonate the explosives and nobody should be within reach to shoot you down . 
  i got it on the first try , probably got lucky because it took me about 5 more to get it the second time but it 's definitely not impossible . 
  i 'm treating the single player as a warmup for gtao . 
  it 's enough to keep me occupied for two weeks and learn the lay of the land . 
  but that 's why the character switch is so great . 
  you ride a boat into the sunset 10 miles from the nearest beach and think `` do i wan na go back ... meh i 'll just switch '' . 
  i honestly think that 's one of the main reasons they added the 3 person system , aside from cool story missions . 
  probably roommates ' friends ? 
  not everyone lives with their parents . 
  shocking , i know . 
  yeah but if anyone finds you you do n't have facebook they think you 're either an elitist douche or a serial killer with no understanding of social norms . 
  i 've gone the middle approach of having an account and never visiting the site , but it annoys me knowing i should update all my info and maybe a new pic since 2010 . 
  tough life , i know . 
  i do n't understand what 's happening . 
  why not just fold a regular paper and use that ? 
  what 's the advantage here ? 
  the note 2 shows a pen right when you first go to the website . 
  when you click enter it says `` pen optimized features '' . 
  i already know i wo n't like this product . 
  it does have 3100 mah of battery life though so at least someone is thinking about extending smart phones from the 6 hour range which is good to know . 
  or just extremely drunk . 
  maybe both . 
  would n't be an accident at those speeds , the guy could 've just walked in the direction the train was headed and escape without a scratch . 
  it 'd be really cool if the line was color coded by the asteroid 's speed, 
  i remember that gif of the penguing slapping the other penguin on the back as my background . 
  tiled of course . 
  good times . 
  24 hours of moderate to heavy use ? 
  what phones are you using that give you 24 hours of moderate to heavy use ? 
  i 'd kill for 24 hours of moderate to heavy use . 
  i 've disabled all the background apps i can , try to keep the brightness low etc. 
  and i still run out of juice occasionally even though i keep my phone charged every night . 
  if i go to a friends house which usually means about an hour in a bus each way ( youtube or music streaming ) and a few internet checks during my visit i 'm lucky if my phone is above 10 % when i get home . 
  those sunsets are beautiful though . 
  are you sure ? 
  the way the site is setup seems to promote the idea it 's best used with a pen . 
   it says a lot when there are so many 10k backers for a game . 
  probably just means the franchise has been around long enough for the fans to grow up and become ( rich ) adults . 
  because he 's jealous . 
  that 's why the 360 version is apparently running smoother than the ps3 version . 
  the bluray is just so slow . 
  what you have to understand is it 's not a `` hdd vs. disc drive '' thing . 
  of course an hdd is faster . 
  but gtav is designed so that it uses ** both ** at their full capacity . 
  any hdd no matter how fast wo n't be as fast as that same hdd combined with the disc drive . 
  these consoles were n't designed to handle something like gtav , which is why these things make a difference no matter how small they feel . 
  they 're really pushing the old hardware to its limits to handle the game . 
   luckily the guy died instantly . 
  you and i have a different definition of `` lucky '' . 
  how do you do aversion therapy to exhaust fumes ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested . 
  sit in la traffic all day ? 
   completely stopped caring if i got busted about 2 minutes into the ride home, 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  do cops look for underage people on the streets after midnight in new york ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  to be honest it sounds more considerate to the other people using the bathroom to blow your nose blood into the urinal rather than the sink . 
  oh that makes sense . 
  it also makes sense in 1992 . 
  i can see teenagers nowadays being like `` pfft , i can see better boobies getting banged on the subway any time i want on my phone '' . 
  that probably sucked . 
  the smell in parking structures makes me nearly physically ill and i do n't even have any traumatic memories to associate it to . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  at the same time i feel like the young in american are thinking more liberal yet the society is getting even more strict and hypocritical when it comes to sex . 
  especially elder people who most likely have children themselves . 
  which is proof they 've done it themselves !, 
   most projectiles like that do n't arm until a certain distance/amount of time after being fired , hence , no boom . 
  i have n't operated one first hand but based on everything i 've read online the rpg-7 does n't measure distance ( = spins of the propellor ) or time but g forces . 
  it takes about 4-5g 's to detonate the charge iirc . 
  that would n't be reached unless it had some time to accelerate . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  just because in the u.s. military training is restricted to those who willingly choose so in a high school cafeteria does n't mean they do n't teach that stuff to `` civilians '' elsewhere . 
  i agree their training definitely was n't up to par with the western world military training but it 's very possible they were `` fully trained '' in the use of an rpg . 
  yes but at the same time was n't `` abstinence only '' adapted into school sex ed only in the last decade or so ? 
  i 'm not american myself but i have a lot of family there and i used to spend summers in my childhood and a year at a later age studying over there so i as far as non-citizens go i feel like i 'm pretty knowledgeable in the american culture . 
  most of it is second hand accounts from my ( true ) american friends though . 
  you mean the video at 30seconds in ? 
  actually afaik those people did n't die . 
  i followed the story pretty closely when it was just a singular video and new news . 
  they were incredibly lucky but neither was fatally injured . 
  actually the guy who jumps in the back escaped with no significant injuries . 
  but my family lives in new york , boston and maine and i went to school in michigan . 
  that 's as far as you can get from south unless you include alaska . 
  we had ( well not me but my younger friend as a hs junior ) abstinence only education .
