  it 's like paying to eat at a restaurant or eating for free from a trashcan behind it . 
  that being said i do n't think i 'm getting the x-bone . 
  because of the controller . 
  there is nothing good about xbone except the controller and nothing bad about ps4 except the controller and if i had to choose one it 'd be xbox . 
  but luckily i do n't have to so i 'm just saving for a new pc . 
  yeah this is actually the newer part of barcelona . 
  the difference is pretty noticeable http://i.imgur.com/xd3ps.jpg, 
  why would you use the white background theme ? 
  i managed to get it while it was free but still paid the 99c because it 's 99c for a good app . 
  you do realize they 're all paid actors ? 
  yeah at some point i realized they ca n't all be ranked 11th and 5th or 1st and 7th, 
  kinda weird you 'd say that now as this is one of the extremely few times google translate does n't work . 
  i ca n't accept the cookies the site requires you do while using google translate . 
  had to manually copypaste the text ( first world problems ) . 
  the hidden blade is lame . 
  i always use the kinves . 
  dagger of brutus was already mentioned but the knives have the coolest animations . 
  it 's been over a year ? 
  a computer making a mistake a human would n't ? 
  can not be . 
  yeah my apm is about 70-90 and i 'm doing fine in eu dia . 
  often times the opponents i beat will have over 200 . 
  playing well will mean your apm gets higher but having a high apm alone is worth nothing . 
  it should n't be something in itself you aim to improve , but rather just come with the rest . 
  just keep practicing . 
  that being said i do need to learn microing . 
  i 've only gotten this far because i 'm pretty good at macro . 
  thanks for those links . 
  though i did watch the full episodes , 
  well to be fair they 're not supposed to be the same exact person . 
  the games are set decades apart ( and made by a different company ) . 
  i 've played the original games ( multiple times ) but it 's just been too long . 
  what are you referencing ? 
  oh yeah i actually totally remember that cutscene now . 
  with the co-worker giving him shit about it etc. 
  e. [ this one ] ( http://secondpersonshooter.files.wordpress.com/2010/03/max4.jpg ), 
  they did with the ui update that came alongside hots . 
  everyone 's apm went up by like 50 % , now it 's back to how it was before . 
  so the current season apm is what you should be looking at if you 're comparing your apm to anything that 's been posted in the 3 years of sc2 , just forget last season ever happened . 
  the problem 's in your end . 
  the gif loaded flawlessly ( meaning it played without buffering on the first try ) . 
  try baiting it out earlier so that it wears off when you 'd want your timing to hit anyway ? 
  or just bait it out and lift into the main with your medivacs . 
  because a. many of the users are also on 4chan and b. the images are most likely from google . 
  i do n't do a 2 base tvp push myself so this is more common sense than actual knowledge but if you want your push to hit at 10 : xx and the planetary nexus has a duration of 60 seconds then you should bait at 9 : xx . 
  if you 're only trying to bait you should n't be `` risking your army '' as taking significant damage already means your baiting failed . 
  try not to lose more than one or two marines units at most . 
  your push should n't hit any later than it normally does . 
  do n't arrive in your enemy 's base like you used to in wol and wait an additional minute , instead arrive a minute early but not actually hit until the cannon has worn off , which actually is the time you 'd want to hit anyway ( mind games ) . 
  won a lot of medals for the us ? 
  what ? 
  there 's no such thing as international spelling bees . 
  maybe that 's why, 
  is that google translated ? 
  kinda hard to say without the original word . 
  e. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/twink_%28gay_slang%29, 
  well i 've been watching him every day and every day it 's been `` one more game '' so . . finally , 
  5h 23min 15sec if the url does n't work, 
  that and funerals . 
  not for casting anything . 
  yeah but it had those shitty empty hallways between areas that basically could 've been loading screens anyway . 
  i really liked max payne 3 ( campaign ) . 
  no loading screens , just cut scenes that `` blend '' into gameplay . 
  and you carry the correct weapons in the cutscenes !, 
  so 3rd world countries of myanmar , liberia or usa ? 
  / sobrave, 
  what ? 
  i 'm quite sure you 're the one that seems retarded . 
  i never insinuated you called america a 3rd world country . 
  comments disabled ? 
  op 's name has the xbox logo next to it/the post title ? 
  i used to live next to the lake up in harbor springs . 
  great toking locations . 
  when you render screenshots in theater mode they always come out super hd . 
  it 's been that way at least since bo1 . 
  because cheating takes all the fun out of gta, 
  i was n't even socially anxious . 
  i just hated unnecessary social interaction with people i 'm unlikely to have anything in common with who come into my house when i 'm in my boxers and an old streched t-shirt without having taken a shower . 
  or taking a shower and dressing up properly to go to the kitchen , hate that too . 
  all the posts are deleted ? 
  all that remains is a bunch of `` op delivered '' answers . 
  lol, 
  2 minutes, 
  how does it feel to know your genes spawned a retard ? 
  you sound pretty autistic though, 
  i 'm a finn with swedish heritage and i 've never seen this before, 
  is n't this picture usually used when talking about someone who is very attractive but not ** absolutely perfect ** ? 
  that woman is not attractive in any way . 
  would not bang . 
  for real . 
  oh no please do n't we 'll all miss you too much . 
  great episode btw . 
  it also inspired me to download all 5 seasons of the original twilight zone . 
  i now have you to blame for my procrastinations of approximately the next two months . 
  yeah i 'm aware of how influencal they are . 
  so many things are credited as being inspired by the twilight zone . 
  i think twin peaks is the only other series that 's refered to as often , 
  in all honesty i 've been meaning to watch twz for a very long time but i never realized they were just as easily available as any other tv show . 
  all i had to do was look for them . 
  but [ pipe dream ] ( http://theodor.lauppert.ws/games/s/screen1/win16/xpipedream-lucasarts.png.pagespeed.ic.jylpomcrgd.png ) was an awesome game !,
