  you get less than $ 20k a year working at starbucks ? 
  because i 'd get more than $ 20k a year right now if i dropped out of school and started cashing in on funemployment . 
  i know . 
  i do n't get bad hangovers . 
  i always drink water at least before going to bed and of course weed helps . 
  but if you really get hammered it you can drink all the water in the world and you still wo n't feel completely fine the next morning . 
  i have a feeling very few of the 90 % are farming act iii inferno, 
  maybe you should n't play inferno if you do n't have the gear for it . 
  when i first unlocked inferno i died all the time . 
  so i played hell act3-4 about 10 times , after that i had no problem in act 1 inferno . 
  seriously this inferno bitching here is getting out of hand . 
  blizzard themselves said the only problem they 're seeing is people trying to play inferno before they 're ready for it . 
  you 're not supposed to be able to play it through right after you unlock it . 
  none of these are good reasons . 
  none of the ones in the post above you are either except for college $ . 
  lucky i was born to a country with free colleges . 
  i live on the other side of the planet and even i have a local military surplus store, 
  gtfo my internets, 
  i know karmanaut is all those other names and probably a dozen more but i 've never heard him being tir before . 
  it 's like a whole other level of meta , love it . 
  what i want to know is whether it 's automated or a real person . 
  at least some of the comments down the threads are by a genuine human but what about these parent comments he makes to almost every single post on / new, 
  oh god . 
  the things i could had bought with all that karma . 
  i doubt if reddit will ever recover from this travesty . 
  well the world is already overpopulated . . 
  why was the 5 or 6 year old with him at work ? 
  you keep saying `` it 's all over '' . 
  what do you mean ? 
  she knew . 
  not just mflb 's . 
  vapes simply stop working once you build up tolerance . 
  when i have low toles i love vaping but i do n't think i 've even touched any of my vapes in over a month because it would just be a waste . 
  my mom goes to bed around 10 but my dad often stays up until 3 or so , so the window while they 're both sleeping is really narrow : /, 
  yeah it 's easy but it 's not fun . 
  hitting your head against the wall is easy but i 'm not gon na do it . 
  still it 's simply not going to work if you have to hide it from her . 
  i 've been in a relationship where i 'm the only one who smokes weed but i 've never hid the fact . 
  well `` us atheist do n't automatically hate someone because they 're religious '' . 
  i kinda do . 
  hate is too strong a word but `` despise '' maybe . 
  they also have a habit of knowing what 's best for you better than you yourself do . 
  gay marriage . 
  nuff said . 
  though it is like the 10th repost . 
  but you can go ahead and act `` mature '' all you want , whatever makes you feel good about yourself . 
  last time i had mongolian bbq was ' 08 . 
  have n't been to the u.s since . 
  thanks for making my mouth water as well . 
  and fuck you . 
  the picture was funny but why the fuck did we need the 4chan comments or the motivation shit ? 
  i 'm scandinavian . 
  english is my 3rd language . 
  what ? 
  yes you can . 
  you 've been able since like cs2 or cs3 . 
  view -  animation . 
  why would one want to live in a place like that ? 
  i live in the suburbs and it 's great , but it 's nothing like that . 
  well at least they 're adjusting the drop rates in 1.0.3, 
  finland, 
  much less dense . 
  like 50 metres between buildings . 
   then you 're most likely still too young to ever have been in a situation , where for a prolonged period of time , you were surrounded by people trying to learn your language . 
   too young, 
  like this has absolutely fuck all to do with age . 
  i can guarantee you 99 % of finnish people will never be in a situation where they are surrounded by people trying to learn finnish for a prolonged period of time . 
  i did n't read the rest of your post seeing as how the first sentence was complete crap . 
  eh , i 'm 5 miles to the city centre of helsinki . 
  a city with a population of 1,3 million people ( in the metropolitan area ) so hardly rural . 
  but yes the average income is the 2nd highest in any neighbourhood in my country i think , so you could call this a rich neighbourhood . 
  suburb nevertheless . 
  well what you just linked to is what 's considered a `` bad neighbourhood '' or a poor one . 
  admitted it 's a good part now that i checked street view , i was just going off the name . 
  check out my other comment on this same thread with the link and you 'll see what i 'm talking about . 
  either you 've been smoking for a very short time and still get those intense trips or your boyfriend is mixing some lsd on to your weed because you do n't actually hallusinate events taking place on weed . 
  i think it 's ridiculous to keep yourself from eating fries because they contain some beef flavour or whatever . 
  it 's not like vegetarism is a contract you have sworn to abide . 
  they 're still potato , it 's not meat , there is no vegetarism police making sure you do n't get a single hint of meat flavour in your food . 
  it 's ok to eat fries if you want to eat fries . 
  yeah because that was the point dumbass . 
  also it 's not impossible to eat weed . 
  the method of intake was not specified . 
  also i do n't give a shit about lsd . 
  that was n't the point of my comment . 
  it was how she was exaggerating weed 's effects ( like so many others r/trees ) . 
  weed is not a hallucinogen . 
  i love it , but it just is n't . 
  pics are the only reason i 'm reading your comment right now, 
  yeah well that was more of a joke than an actual guess as to what 's happening, 
  considering that it 's a google maps link and you can still see that i will use an url shortener, 
  that 's understandable but still i find it ridiculous to ask someone online `` can i eat it '' if the reason you do n't eat meat is you are grossed out by it . 
  if you taste a fry , it does n't gross you out , you can eat them !, 
  why would you go through trouble to check online whether or not this food `` should '' gross you if in reality it does n't . 
  eh , it 's not even a proper url shortener . 
  like you ca n't hide any other site behind it than google maps . 
  look at it . 
  it 's not goo.gl / asdf it 's goo.gl / maps/asdf . 
  it 's not possible to hide a spam site or anything else behind that url . 
   your safest bet when dealing with anything illegal is to associate with your own race,
