  i 'm european and i call it soccer, 
  no it 's not . 
  maybe in your country but not over europe . 
  second in popularity i mean, 
  today , the right to roam has survived in perhaps its purest form in finland , iceland , norway and sweden . 
  this was actually one of the biggest things i had to get used to when i lived in the u.s. ( finnfag here ), 
  i knew the concept of private property but i did n't realize you seriously had no right to even walk through another man 's land ( it 's * `` trespassing '' * ) and that in some states you can actually shoot on sight ( it 's equivelant to breaking into somebody 's home ), 
  oh man , i was on your page ready to upvote all your pizzaposts when, 
   my place in heaven, 
  nope : /, 
  i was gon na upvote but changed it to a downvote because of the last panel . 
  maybe it 's the `` i know what you should do better than you do '' attitude, 
  besides beaches suck and internet is awesome, 
  yes i am . 
  as long as religions exist they are only holding the human race back . 
  i do n't believe in `` matters of faith '' or that we should peacefully let people believe whatever they want . 
  of course i understand that forcing religion out of people is never going to work , but i 'm going to be an asshole to every religious person i see and do my part so that people would eventually be freed from the burden of religion . 
  and if you consider that ignorant i 'm fine with it . 
  thank you for expressing how i feel , this song is fucking crap . 
  well , i do hate 99 % of male vocals but this one is exceptionally annoying, 
  what 's up with that secret society looking cape kinda thingy he 's wearing ? 
  i 've seen pictures of college graduates in that dress looking attire , but never one that 's so massive . 
  reminds me of the heads of church from the middle ages or something . 
  e. i 'm not an uneducated redneck or anything , just not american, 
  thank god ( pun intended ), 
  it was the first post on your page though so could n't really tell, 
  commence upvoting, 
  this changes everything, 
  18 year sentence for drug dealing ? 
  god damn i 'm glad i do n't live in the states, 
  it 's not like i 've never been outdoors in my life . 
  i think i know enough to form my own decisions . 
  no , finland . 
  if it 's organized , large etc. 
  amounts then 1-10 years, 
  usually around 3-4 though, 
  trust me , there are signs everywhere that say no trespassing . 
  and besides you really ca n't just go hiking . 
  you need to be either on your own land ( where you probably know the edges ) or in a government sanctioned park which are usually clearly marked . 
  yeah i checked it out once but it does n't seem to be very active, 
  finland here . 
  yes they do . 
  it was gone from ~ ' 05 - '09 but it has been back for a while now, 
  e. the [ new ] ( http://almgrenen.blogg.se/images/2010/284liten_112057136.jpg ) one looks a bit different than the [ old ] ( http://www.aetzettera.de/jpg/fanta6.jpg ) but it tastes the same, 
  how can you pretend to know ? 
  also , i doubt it, 
  hot chicks always have a crowd around them ? 
  yeah it would because i would never accept any kind of an opinion that tolerates any sort of religion . 
  thank you for not wasting our time . 
  south park should have ended in season 10 and it would had been the best tv show ever . 
  now it 's just sad because i do n't want to not see any of them but every time i watch a new episode i die a little inside, 
  yeah i kinda figured that out yesterday, 
  not really surprised that women love living in denial, 
  i 'll try to remember not to rape anyone at the taping of a tv show, 
   some people ca n't understand that it is just as difficult to gain weight as it is to lose weight . 
  lol 'd, 
  well gaining muscle and gaining weight are two different things . 
  for me gaining muscle is easier than losing weight , but i understand how for some it can be as difficult or even harder . 
  but gaining weight is easy :p, 
   i got stuck on the ferris wheel with that crippled guy , said fuck that shit and enabled god mode . 
  so you ruined one of the top3 cod missions for yourself . 
  nice going . 
  and the airplane mission is in the epilogue after the credits but it 's also available from the main menu after that, 
  the difficulty is what makes games fun, 
  i think i died once on that level . 
  on veteran . 
  but i never beat mile high club on veteran . 
  have n't really tried either though ( just a few runs , ran out of time ), 
  i 've never had any problem with an xbox controller and i 've played over a hundred games, 
  this is the difference between cod 4 and cod mw2 on veteran . 
  and i played them both again in succession about 2 months ago so i remember pretty well and had the possibility to compare them . 
  cod 4 veteran is just annoying . 
  all you can do is repeat the same thing over and over again and hope a random bullet does n't one shot kill you from the other side of the map . 
  so when you finally do beat the level it does n't feel rewarding because seriously you might have just played a lot worse than before but the xbox gods just went easy on you . 
  it always took me 20-50 retries per level no matter how well or bad i played . 
  in mw2 veteran is great because it 's more about trying to run trough the maps perfectly and really the only way to die is by screwing up/being overly aggressive ( = screwing up ) but it 's very easy to do . 
  if i played bad , i died . 
  if i played average , i died . 
  but if i did manage play awesomely , i was able to beat levels without dying which was never possible in cod 4 because of the random enemies shooting you from across the map while in cover . 
  sorry for the rant , but yeah that pretty much sums them up . 
  ** tl ; dr ** in cod 4 ( sp on veteran ) luck has more effect than skill , in mw2 it 's the other way around . 
  do you eat heatlhy food ? 
  just stuff your mouth with mcdonands and pizza and stop exercising . 
  should n't be to hard . 
  worked for me . 
  no i truly did n't think it was a hard level compared to , for example , the ferris wheel mission, 
  first of all i use res so i do n't click on images . 
  secondly this is a stupid fucking idea , i seriously do n't want to upvote everything i see on r/trees , there 's so much crap in the new section . 
  i smoke weed every day and i love to hate . 
  and i have no problem downvoting a submission worth a downvote, 
  who said anything about a competition ? 
  there is no competition and if there is i certainly do n't care . 
  but the point of up/downvoting is that the cream rises to the top , i do n't want every single post getting tons of upvotes just for being submitted , that would entirely defeat the purpose of reddit and karma, 
  it does n't seem to be that far away from the other end . 
  should n't take too long to make the rest of the tunnel one lower and one to the left, 
  look at the image above, 
  the blue in the trees is from the moon , but on the mouth of the cave there seems to be a brighter blue light, 
  if it was the moon , it should light the blocks next to it as well, 
  clearly an egg, 
  what did you use to make the elevators ?
