  one of those ports is connected to my desktop computer ( running os x ) which has a built-in ability to share internet . 
  my laptop uses that internet . 
  i have no router , i assume some sort of system was built in the building . 
  it 's not that magical . 
  yeah os x has he ability to share internet from it 's network card out of the box . 
  i have my desktop broacasting the internet siglal , my laptop picking that up and connecting to my xbox via an ethernet cable . 
  it 's sounds more complicated than it is , my laptop 's always next to the xbox and getting good ping . 
  what if i told you i pay 19,90 a month , 
  yeah my set up is far from `` optimized '' . 
  i just moved in 6 months ago and made do with what i had . 
  you 're absolutely right about that second part though . 
  hsc < 3, 
  i got ta say i 've never liked husky but seeing him with day9 in the hots launch event and now mlg i 'm starting to enjoy his casting more and more . 
  finland, 
  rendering the first image only in a non-looping gif sounds like a crappy way to handle those files . 
  yea i 'm with you it 's not like i ever even look at the username when reading a comment so i do n't give a fuck `` who 's story '' it was , i 'm just glad i got to read it . 
  ea did n't admit shit . 
  did you actually read the article op posted ? 
  it 's the exact same article from yesterday reworded . 
  the title makes it sounds like it 's new info but it 's the identical `` did n't fit with our vision '' quote . 
   ivory tower, 
  these `` this sub is now crap '' posts that every sub has are always a great way to help with that problem . 
  siege tank ammunition is free as well, 
  korea , republic of flash lee , young ho $ 434,230.88, 
  mc jang , min chul $ 365,327.11, 
  everyone was wrong . 
  korea , republic of flash lee , young ho $ 434,230.88, 
  mc jang , min chul $ 365,327.11, 
  that makes $ 1,146,674.37 . 
  it was ? 
  maybe i 'll check it out then . 
  i had high hopes for sniper elite 1 but it turned out to be utter shit . 
  \\  claims wwi is overused, 
  \\  ca n't name a single game, 
  also there is no ww1 cod nor moh, 
  oh you 'd be surprised . 
  finland . 
  that 's all i need . 
  the problem with sniper elite 1 was there was a red dot showing you where to aim considering the wind and distance etc. 
  so it was just `` line up sights with the red dot '' the game . 
  it was impossible to disable the red dot any other wat than putting the game on the hardest difficulty which i tried but the ai was bullshit broken seeing you throuh a bush a mile away on the hardest difficulty . 
  that 's why i do n't go around commenting them . 
  we all do . 
  i do n't see how being random or not affects one 's creepability . 
  i hope they redid the ai though . 
  i 'm used to playing games on hard difficulty by default but se1 was simply broken . 
  the enemies would n't spot you from 15 meters away if you were crouching but could see you 500m away through forest instantly if you took one running step . 
  it really sucked since i love sniping and expected a lot from the game . 
  it 's fun to play with afterburners and widow mines , 
  but . . 
  i. . read a post from blizzard in regards to game balance and ... 
  i 'm happy ? 
  no you ca n't . 
  when you take command of the replay your opponent is not kt.flash anymore . 
  while i understand the usefulness of take command to practicing i do n't see how it would make `` cracking builds '' any easier . 
  no it is n't . 
  a standard twitch.tv feature is uploading the entire video of the day after the day is over . 
  mlg released vods of individual games all through the day . 
  but it 's not . 
  it 's a pile of average sized nugs . 
  if i had to take a guess this is from russia or eastern europe and the old lady got the genius idea of trying to unfrost his windscreen with gasoline . 
  not saying it 's a good idea or even works but that 's my guess for the reasoning behind this . 
  i do n't really understand all the hate on me3 endings . 
  i played with extended cut but still it was n't like they were worse than 95 % of video game endings . 
  maybe people expected something epic from such a popular franchise but i think it 's kinda silly how people keep complaining about the ending when it was just . . average . 
  yeah i 'd rank this up there with sniper cat, 
  initial release june 3 , 2011, 
  peter moore took over ea sports in 2007 ? 
  as someone who very actively plays sports games that 's an amazing accomplishment . 
  2008 was the year fifa managed to beat pes again to become the reigning champion of football games and nhl09 ( released in 2008 ) was the beginning of the series ' rise to it 's former glory . 
  my hat 's off to this guy . 
  true . 
  though fifa 's has gotten a proper pc version since 2012 . 
  `` hey guys check out this button i found on photoshop it makes everything look better '', 
  this . 
  i love the idea of the video but the players were obviously so low level there 's not much to learn from this . 
  stuff that happens in silver league is rarely planned so gas timings etc in this game very pretty much irrelevant . 
  please unsubscribe, 
  the whole point and purpose of the subreddit is to talk about weed . 
  it 'd be stupid if people talked about something else on there . 
  people who subscribe to r/trees also subscribe to other subreddits ( like r/cringepics ) where they talk about other things . 
  so it 's nothing like that guy who never shuts up about weed . 
   well , if it 's gon na happen it 's gon na happen . 
  that 's just not true . 
  abortions do exist . 
  \\  not 1990s, 
  \\  opening pdf 's with adobe reader, 
  my firefox opens pdf 's in-browser without any sort of add-ons . 
  and why would anyone want to use chrome ? 
  i do n't know but this is an interesting set of pictures in the sense that it gets posted about once a week but i never see any other pics from faye on reddit, 
  i 'm over 12 years old so for me it 's not breakfast either . 
  that 's not really multi-camera . 
  if you look at the shots and think about where the cameras would be you realize that the frontal shots of the two guys on the sofa would require the camera to be in the middle of the shot when looking at the window . 
  so they 're not filmed simultaneously . 
  single cam does n't mean every scene is one continuous shot . 
  black and white gif with 4 frames per second ? 
  when did tumblr get interested in hockey ? 
  well that game was absolute garbage so there was that, 
   you look like a loser . 
  or a creep .
