  not because they 're cool with drugs etc. 
  but because they do n't want it on record if their kids do try drugs . 
  just because it 's a private school means you ca n't complain about their policies ? 
  the parents are paying customers . 
  any customer has a right to complain or protest . 
  he was n't saying the school does n't have a right to do this , they do . 
  he 's saying the parents as paying customers should unite against this . 
  i 'd imagine it 'd be pretty easy to buy hair . 
  easier than buying piss . 
  i do n't think they 're gon na dna test the samples , are they ? 
  that would be expensive . 
  you must be feeling euphoric, 
  that mouse with no mousepad made me cringe . 
  i do n't mean cringe in like r/cringe but the other meaning . 
  i did n't even think of that even though i noticed the missing button * facepalm *, 
  yeah i have browns myself , i just really like how those blue sounded . 
  so crisp . 
  i used to play diagonally but i 've noticed that a slight angle is actually much nicer . 
  not like [ cs pros ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nk9fhca.jpg ) but somewhere around 30 degrees . 
  i do n't know if it 's healthy for my wrists but it just feels more natural . 
  ok that may be true , they might 've patched it . 
  but the time from the start of reload to the end of the `` equipping animation '' ( when you can usually shoot ) is definitely shorther than the entire reload animation on some weapons . 
  why would you get bored of a bayonet safari mesh faster than others ? 
  well yeah if you had two knives one of which is extremely expensive because it 's cool looking and the other is n't then of course you 'd use the cooler one . 
  but we 're talking about people with just one knife . 
  99 % of the time it would n't cause me any trouble . 
  that 's when i 'm sitting down on my computer with both hands on the keyboard . 
  but if i 'm not really sitting on the computer but cooking or something and just wanted to type a quick `` ok '' and enter or something like that it 'd really make it a lot harder . 
  so since there is no real upside ( other than looks ) that 1 % is what makes me stick with labeled keys . 
   i just want to tell you stay out of trouble and forget this revolution shit , people will die every day chasing some dream, 
  that 's a pretty stupid thing to say . 
  sometimes people do have to die to ensure better lives for others . 
  it 's not nice but it 's just the way it is . 
  that being said i do hope whitera is ok . 
  also asking why people are downvoting you is a pretty sure way to get even more downvotes, 
  though it 's not a 100 % guarantee for the game to be live , since you could just prerecord the cast like you would a live event and just broadcast it later . 
  shallow ? 
  do you have any idea what 's going on in ukraine ? 
  if anything , the `` stay out of trouble and forget this revolution shit '' comment was shallow . 
  these are n't like the `` freedom fighters '' in usa walking around with an ar-15 on their hip because `` muh rights '' . 
  russia invaded their country . 
  would you like your country to be invaded by russia ? 
  no you would n't , especially when you 've only had your freedom from russia for a few decades and everything has only gone better . 
  my granpa died because he fought russian invasion . 
  do you think i liked growing up without grandfathers ? 
  more importantly , do you think they wanted to go fight a war at 17 and 20ish ? 
  no , but sometimes sacrifices have to be made for the good of those around you . 
  i do n't enjoy a hero-martyr-fantasy and i definitely would not like to be a hero-martyr . 
  i 'm glad i do n't have to make such sacrifices , but i totally understand why someone would fight back when their country is invaded . 
  you 're right the extreme angles are originally because of lan setups , but they do also play like this while practicing at home . 
  you do n't want to go back and fourth , consistency is important . 
  if you watch the nip reality show ( a show about a cs team/teamhouse ) you can see how they practice normally . 
  yeah seriously . 
  who cares about one cent ? 
  i do n't like how steam lets you only add a minimum of 5 $ to your wallet if you want to buy a dlc worth less than that but even that i understand since paypal takes a small cut etc. 
  but complaining about a fucking penny ? 
  back when xbox live used points the minimum purchase was 800 points which is roughly 5 $ . 
  not only that , but you could only go up in increments of 800 . 
  so if you happened to have a 1000 extra points in your account and wanted a game that cost 2000 points you 'd have to buy 1600 points more . 
  that system was annoying , be happy with your penny stealing nintendo . 
  a few years ago i got forza 3 for free and i was excited so i bought all the dlc from xbox live . 
  it cost me like 40 $ . 
  then i found out i could 've just ordered the ultimate edition or something containing all the dlc for 15 $ . 
  i felt stupid for like 6 months just regretting that decision , even though i might go to a bar with friends and wake up 100 $ poorer and never think twice about it . 
  i do n't know what it is about microsoft points that amplifies the embarrassment . 
  most of these people do n't care that much about crimea in itself . 
  they 're fighting against the russian influence in their government . 
  most of their high level government officials seem to be nothing but russian puppets . 
  that 's the real issue , not the piece of land russia took . 
  though i bet they do n't like russia taking their land either . 
  it 's a pretty scary thought that russia can just take a piece of your country and you wo n't respond . 
  what 's next ? 
  the capital ? 
  well it 's not like i 'm actually gon na hire a californian transvestite hooker so let me just pretend this is someone else while i fap . 
  so does anyone know a backstory to this ? 
  is this a common thing among this frog species ? 
  was he getting eaten , or had he `` hid '' in the fish 's throat to eat what the fish ate ? 
  i know there are some parasites that latch on to the tongue kinda like this . 
  to be fair this post is like a half of two boobs so one boob in total . 
  yeah grouping people by family/personal relationships is not comparable to grouping people by skin color . 
  it was a group of examples none of which were really comparable to the issue in hand . 
  that bag is finnish candy . 
  the same company also makes candy shaped like a phone . 
  source : i had a summer job next to their factory and often bought bags of `` 2nd class '' rejected candy for next to nothing . 
  i can definitely believe this is real . 
  that bag is actually uniform with just one type of candy , but the same company makes the nokia candy . 
  so it probably just slipped in the bag during the sorting . 
  one of the best candy in the world . 
  definitely top5 . 
  how do you know you 're not overwriting some guy 's saves from the other side of the world ? 
  and this is why i do n't buy any console on launch . 
  i ca n't remember a console not having problems during the first ~ year . 
  it 's mostly just stuff that was the wrong shape or multiple pieces of candy stuck together . 
  a 200g bag of the `` real '' stuff would sell for ~ 2 $ but 2 $ could get you about a 800-1200g bag ( they were n't that consistent ) of the `` rejected '' candy . 
  did i mention a lot of their products make you fart if you eat it in excess ? 
  fun times at the office . 
  to be honest i 'd totally jump on the opportunity to live in korea and cast starcraft even for a below average wage . 
  depends on the person i guess . 
  yes i know they advertise openings all the time but they require a native english speaker :(, 
  does anyone know if this is available with an iso enter key ?
