  i checked the site , they do n't have it at least . 
  that 's what the set it 's called . 
  it 's on empornium , do n't know about streams . 
  yes they do . 
  well now she has another one next to that but it 's still there . 
  this pic is at least 2 years old , that 's when it was posted on this sub for the first time : http://www.reddit.com/r/boltedontits/comments/sxeby/sandee_westgate_always_pleases/, 
  why on earth would you stop your show mid-season at the height of it 's popularity and move to africa and not even give interviews for 5 years ? 
  because some people value their own morals over money . 
  you ca n't tell because it 's a shitty tumblr gif with a framerate of 3, 
  i guarantee this is just a joke title made up after he found the gif , so ... 
  i solved this problem a few months back by going to empornium and downloading a megapack of everything she 's ever done . 
  no regrets . 
  wow , i thought there would be more people who disagree . 
  that 6 '' screen is * way * too big . 
  even my 4,5 '' feels unnecessary large personally but it 's manageable , i tried the 6 '' in a store and it felt like a small tablet . 
  not something i 'd want in my pocket all day . 
  i 'd recommend the 930 myself . 
  not to forget internal affairs . 
  every time an american comments another american an overreaction is more than likely . 
  you just got downvoted because of oversensitive americans not wanting to accept they 're oversensitive about pretty much everything . 
  you can name pretty much any topic . 
  except sports . 
  when it comes to sports you guys know how to bust someone 's balls . 
  whatever the topic discussed americans are always careful not to hurt anyone 's feelings . 
  it 's kinda understandable culturally because unlike european countries which have homogenous populations your culture was shaped by cultures colliding . 
  so you never really knew what was ok to say and what was n't . 
  fast forward 300ish years and everyone 's kinda merged together but the timidness stayed . 
   well he wants the best windows phone currently available . 
  thats the 1520 . 
  no possible way to argue that . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  bigger does not equal better when it comes to phones . 
  both phones have the same resolution , yet 930 's screen is smaller so it has a higher dpi . 
  930 uses amoled instead of the ips lcd in 1520 . 
  1520 has a bigger battery , but uses more power due to the screen size and lcd . 
  930 is much lighter and smaller . 
  930 has the more advanced gorilla glass 3 compared to gg2 of 1520 . 
  other than that they 're identical , same camera , same cpu . 
  you could definitely argue the 930 is a better phone than the 1520 . 
  1520 has a `` non-removable li-ion 3400 mah battery ( bv-4bw ) '' , not 2420 . 
  however it has a lcd screen that uses more power than amoled , and it 's also larger . 
  so the battery life is probably pretty close . 
  yeah i 'd really like to try the blues . 
  i did n't have a choice when i got mine ( brown ) and while it 's better than any non-mechanical keyboard i 've used it kinda feels like writing on a sponge . 
  is the feedback on blues more . . clicky ? 
  the bench is a bench but what i personally hate is the `` kitchen '' . 
  there is one kitchen on the map , with a fridge and a stove . 
  then there is a store or a kiosk with a cash register and shelfs for items . 
  guess which one is called `` kitchen '' . 
   proven wrong, 
  you 'd say the cs : go devs do n't even know the proper callouts ( that we 've been using since 1999 ramble ramble ), 
   still not sure from re-reading his comment . 
   if the 1520 is too big , the 930 is exactly the same phone but 5 inch instead of 6, 
  oh i know that . 
  i even call the boiler room in de_inferno a boiler room even though i only played beta/1 .0 -1.6 and the boiler is only in cs : s but i 've played with so many other people who 've played cs : s. or the palmtree in d2 , same thing . 
  also when it comes to mirage there is the old non-valve version in cs : go which makes it even more complicated . 
   tldr do n't let children play with lit candles . 
  but it 's so much fun . 
  especially when you 're told not to do it . 
  yeah i did n't say either opinion is wrong , just that it 's very possible to argue either way . 
  for me personally the size is a dealbreaker . 
  even if the 1520 was decisively better otherwise ( which it is n't , it 's pretty much 50-50 ) i 'd buy the 930 . 
  also cs is a game that many if not most people play with friends . 
  a lot of times we play with 4 more experienced players and one who is new to the game ( usually former 1.6 players ) . 
  this would really kill their enthusiasm to get the game . 
  `` oh yeah you should definitely buy cs : go it 's great , just play 100 hours with randoms and you get to play with us '' . 
  this might be more of an issue in countries like sweden and finland where everyone 15-30 years old grew up playing cs and 5 mans are the norm , not the exception . 
  either way , i do n't like the idea , even though it would lessen the amount of cheaters . 
  but at what cost !, 
   also some hackers solely play cs go through hacks and are most definitely willing to play 100 hours to get a rank . 
  also the professional boosting services would just leave their boosting accounts on idle servers for 4 days . 
  it would n't really affect anything , they would n't get banned during the idling since they do n't require cheats for that . 
  it 'd be like a hatchery . 
  well that definitely helps, 
  my friend had a problem with his filco and sent it to warranty . 
  they decided just to send him a new one instead of fixing the old one but he had already bought a new keyboard during the wait . 
  if you were offered a brand new filco for 65 $ could you turn it down , no matter which switches ? 
  from what i googled changing switches requires soldering etc. 
  i 'm really not confident enough in my skills to try and risk messing the keyboard up . 
  so i guess i 'll just have to live with browns :(, 
  people i play with it 's 30-70 towards kitchen . 
  everyone understands both terms though . 
  that 's pretty normal when playing with people who all have played 1.6 and/or source before , you get used to understanding multiple callouts for the same place . 
  oh yeah that 's definitely true . 
  i have 50 + people on my friends list who play cs : go ( with me ) and as far as i know there is n't a single player for whom cs : go is the first cs . 
  people who did n't play 1.6 / source generally play other games like battlefield 4 or dota or something . 
  i think all the `` anger '' on here was towards the people who watch streams like hers , not the streamers themselves . 
  people like you definitely do exist , but at least in countries where cs was really popular a decade ago it seems that majority of people decided a long time ago whether or not they were `` cs players '' . 
  well you can understand that post in many ways . 
  you could see it as criticism towards twitch , not the girls themselves . 
  yeah also the materials and the shape of the implants has changed . 
  these days expensive implants can actually look incredibly realistic instead of all being balloons . 
  but there is also a fetish for the old fake looking tits so some people still get them . 
  that or they 're finding excuses for not affording better surgeons . 
  i think it 's a great idea for a unit ... lorewise . 
  zerg being the endless swarm and no matter how many you kill they keep coming . 
  but at least the current execution is terrible and honestly i do n't know how to fix it . 
  maybe making swarm hosts crazy expensive in both resources and supply . 
  so that sniping even one or two shs would be a big victory . 
  if you 're on a bike it 's much more comfortable to make a wider turn than a 90 degree turn in small space .
