  ambition and motivation are overrated . 
  if my mom was being raped i can assure you some random person taking pictures would be the last thing on my mind . 
  a lot of us are n't even going to bother installing the single player campaign though and are only in it for the pu . 
  not that i 'm complaining , i did n't expect it to come out any time soon . 
  maybe you should just use metric system and avoid confusion . 
  did i say nobody is going to play sq42 ? 
  a lot of the backers bought in for the mmo aspect and that 's what caught my attention as well . 
  how do you know the story is fantastic when the game is n't even out yet ? 
  i backed the game for the mmo/pu aspect of it , i do n't mind the sq42 existing but i really do n't care about it . 
  what do you mean it 's vital ? 
  from what i understand you just become a `` citizen '' and it affects npc interactions and stuff . 
  if it was `` vital '' then that would be pretty shitty game design forcing everyone to become a citizen instead of making it a decision . 
  i live in a country with metric system and when i google `` sell gold '' all the results use $ / g not any of your troy ounces . 
   just look at the top rated comment, 
   i 'm not a fan of cruz , but the simplest explanation seems to be that she was trying to avoid getting lipstick on his face during a campaign event . 
  i never said anything of the contrary . 
  i did n't even imply a majority . 
  the `` civilian aspects '' are what i bought the game for . 
  that led thing behind the monitor looks incredibly annoying . 
  i know you can just unplug it but i do n't get the point of having it in the first place . 
  all i really know is it 's something that you can `` earn '' by completing the sq42 but the [ wiki ] ( http://starcitizen.wikia.com/wiki/citizenship, 
  ) lists some details from [ this blog post ] ( https://robertsspaceindustries.com/comm-link/spectrum-dispatch/12956-writers-guide-part-two/ ) . 
  it 's from 2013 though so who knows what 's final . 
  why are you saying that like downvoted comments should be deleted ? 
  fuck anyone who deletes their comment because it got downvotes . 
  even bigger joke is this guy right here expecting people not to use it as a disagree button because `` site rules '' . 
  how is any timelapse done ? 
  a camera and a tripod usually . 
  have you never actually seen a table knife in real life ? 
  that literally never happens . 
  why would a waiter take away the bread plate to make room for the entrees ? 
  hong kong makes some good ones too . 
  if watching hockey has taught me anything it 's that a crosscheck is n't a penalty . 
  that 's not what he 's asking, 
  she 's like a younger franceska jaimes in every way, 
  he said while posting animaymay, 
  content-wise pretty much nothing, 
  i subscribe to both and never go to the comment section, 
  and that 's just a limit in the rules , not a limit that is n't crossed . 
  i thought cultures mixing was supposed to be a good thing and that 's why we have to bring all these shitskins to europe but now cultural appropriation ( `` the adoption or use of elements of one culture by members of a different culture . '' ), 
  is bad ? 
  the whole purpose of a separate bread plate is so that it remains untouched while the larger plates with the actual dishes can be brought in or taken away . 
  the manner of your speech affects your perceived `` voice '' a lot more than genetics or anything like that . 
  she speaks in an annoying manner . 
  it 's her fault . 
  i got used to hearing myself speak pretty quickly . 
  in fact after listening to myself for extended periods a few times i grew less self conscious about my voice . 
   if reddit really claims to be the front page of the internet it should take some steps to make sure that people 's lives and reputations are n't ruined, 
  you 're clearly new to the internet if you think that would be a good representation of it for a `` front page '' . 
  because they did n't sell the pu separately ? 
  if you have a box of chocolates with some you do n't like are you going to force yourself to eat them just because they 're already paid for ? 
  besides `` avoid '' is a pretty questionable choice of words . 
  it makes it sound like i 'm actively going to great lenghts to escape it when all i 'm doing is not playing a video game . 
   it 's nothing but a comedy show with a few cars as props, 
  yeah that 's the premise of top gear . 
  took you this long to figure it out ? 
  all my friends watch ( ed ) top gear and not a single one of them actually owns a car ( i live in the city ) . 
  it 's a comedy show and always has been , one with beautiful cinematography and cars as plot devices . 
  us did n't even exist back then, 
  there 's no such thing as a forced t-break . 
  there 's only priorities . 
  you obviously have internet access . 
  that 's all you need to get premium quality bud delivered to your home . 
  it 's safer than dealing with real life dealers at least as long as you stay domestic ( no customs ) . 
  regular dealers get busted all the time and their phones searched through and deals made . 
  with darknet you have the added security of encryption and any competent dark net site deletes the order info as soon as you receive the package . 
  unless someone is manually keeping records ( for which there is literally zero reason as it only incriminates themself more ) they ca n't give you up even if they wanted to . 
  there is no phone company to ask for records over the past however many months . 
  the info simply does n't exist . 
  thc/other cannabinoids extracted from weed and formed into a waxy paste . 
  it 's the same active ingredients just more densely packed . 
  it 's to regular weed what vodka is to beer pretty much , figures like 90 % thc are n't uncommon ( though i have no clue how they are measured and how accurate they are ) . 
   most people would gtfo if they saw something that was even questionable, 
  yeah that 's why basically every porn site that does n't specialize in elderly advertises `` barely legal 18 year olds '' with scenes where actresses wear pigtails and dress up to look as young as possible . 
  the professional sites do a pretty good job of checking records to make sure but you 're delusional if you think you can distinguish from a picture whether the `` hot teen amateur '' is 19 or 17 . 
  yeah but the law does n't make any distinction . 
  fucking a toddler is the same as a leaked nude selfie of a 17 year old . 
  obviously i have no proof but i would n't be surprised at all if plenty of the `` amateur teen selfie '' posts you see on reddit were actually underage but no one simply knows so we upvote it . 
  people do not avoid `` questionable content '' , they avoid blatant kiddie porn . 
  like 2008 i think . 
  whenever the original roadster was relevant . 
  also it did n't `` break down '' . 
  the segment ended with guys pushing it to the garage implying the battery ran out . 
  tesla claimed the on-board computer showed it never dropped under 25 % charge . 
  they did n't fake a tesla `` breaking down '' . 
  they had two identical cars at their disposal and one of them did break down and tesla admitted it . 
  what the controversy and lawsuit was over was the scene where the crew had to push the car into the hangar implying the battery had ran out but according to tesla the car 's computer showed it never reached under 25 % charge . 
  whether or not it did seems pretty irrelevant to me as the truth is it 's going to run out at some point and what they talked about during that sequence was how it takes ( at the time ) hours to recharge , both completely valid concerns . 
  i already own more video games than i have time to play and the backlog keeps growing . 
  in the past 6 months i 've purchased dishonored , shadow of mordor , bioshock infinite , pillars of eternity , wolfenstein new order and just cause 3 ( all except jc3 for under 10 $ thank god ) and have n't managed to finish any or even install most despite all being titles i look forward to playing . 
  having a game i 'm not especially interested in available is literally worth nothing to me at this point . 
  no this was an earlier episode where they were just driving it around the track . 
  personally i do n't really understand what the big deal is if the battery was n't actually empty . 
  the footage is obviously edited from a full day of driving and nobody thinks the 6 minute segment happens in the span of 6 real life minutes so i do n't see what difference it makes if they include a shot of them pushing the car when it actually still has charge left compared to if they had driven it in circles off-camera an hour longer before doing the same shot . 
  great post, 
  well it was n't actually humor . 
  they were criticizing the fact that it took up to 12 hours or something to charge the original tesla roadster with the chargers of the time . 
  that 's what clarkson is saying in the shot where they 're pushing the car to the garage . 
  it seems pretty irrelevant to me if the car in the shot still had juice when the fact remains that the early tesla models did take ages to recharge . 
  having them push the car is just television , a visual representation of what is being discussed .
