  like digital paintings traced over screenshots or what ? 
  i only have about 100 bookmarks total and i 've been exporting/importing them since 2006ish . 
  firefox awesome bar completely changed everything . 
  i extremely rarely bookmark anything . 
  she is serious . 
  that 's why it 's so funny . 
  taking a kid to a therapist because he 's being bullied sounds like the worst way to react to bullying . 
  i do n't care how sure you are it 's for his own good he will see it as punishment . 
  punishment for being himself and not fitting in . 
   are the images ` doctored ' in any way ? 
   i do put the screenshots through photoshop , but only to eliminate aliasing or correct gamma problems common to capture tools like fraps and playclaw . 
  the objective is always to get the images as close to the artists ' work as possible , and any posing or post-processing effects are done in-engine . 
  very rarely , if the game has been seen a million times before , i might use an effect like super depth of field in garry 's mod to make things interesting , but that 's as far as it goes . 
  interesting, 
  phones are phones though . 
  i doubt anybody had n't seen a mobile phone before the iphone . 
  tablets are still a new thing to many ( if not most ) people and the ipad is their first contact . 
  i do n't know if this is still the case but last time i was in the u.s everybody called every dvr machine a `` tivo '' because it was new technology and tivo had done their pr right . 
  i forgot what originally lead be to think these were paintings ; if this is just a screenshot then how did get the player to kneel down and cover his head like that ? 
  i do n't remember a command that 'd look like that . 
  unless of course it 's another mod . 
  i found it odd in the article as well . 
  it 's almost as if slavery would be perfectly fine and acceptable but instead they get the horrible fate of a forced marriage . 
  like how eastern european girls are offered `` dancing careers '' . 
  does n't matter ; had diablo, 
  i 'm new to this subreddit has this joke been used yet ? 
  but how would my battle.net account know i 've purchased the game physically without a key ? 
  ratio : 1.294 ul : 1.85 tb dl : 1.43 tb, 
  it 's not like it was a serious question about legality, 
  where did it create that ? 
  all i got was this one folder where the only runnable file was . exe, 
  there 's nothing i can even open in a mac . 
  e. actually there is an . app with a hidden extension ( although i 've set my os to view all extensions , ca n't uncheck `` hide extension '' on this one ) but it says it 's damaged ... 
  i 'll try to redownload . 
  still funny though, 
  `` you ca n't open the application diablo iii setup because it may be damaged or incomplete . '', 
  i 've downloaded it twice now with no problems in the d/l . 
  anyone else getting the same error message ( os x ) ? 
  100 mbps internet . 
  took me less than a second ( started showing immidiately at regular speed ) . 
  i doubt the internet speed is a factor though , maybe i was just lucky . 
  source ? 
  i noticed there was no resolution in the article . 
  i fucking hate this `` retina display '' term . 
  it 's perfectly fine for an ad on the side of a bus but if you 're posting technical specs of an upcoming computer i want to know the resolution of the screen . 
  not whether it 's `` retina '' or not . 
  i like the idea of manager mode and always enjoyed the managing but i simply ca n't enjoy playing against cpu anymore . 
  tried it for about 2 games , sucked major balls . 
  the back button shoots ? 
  or lt + back + shoot ? 
  i did n't know back button did anything but affect the camera in ranked pro matches . 
  i often hold lt while shooting volleys since the tutorial told me to do so `` for spectacular volleys '' but i 've never seen a backheel kick like this ? 
  i do n't know if it 's a matter of being `` this good '' . 
  sure he 's a good player i 'm not denying that but the rainbow flick from centre field for example is pure luck and repetition . 
  try it a 1000 times and upload the 1001st to youtube . 
  i 've played the new fifas since 09 almost exclusively against friends ( and now online since i purchased fifa12 ) . 
  a lot of my game depends on skilled dribbling , controlling my steps , quick changes in direction etc. 
  these are all absolutely worthless against the cpu in fifa12 . 
  unless you press the trick button you wo n't dribble around them . 
  of course you ca n't fool a computer into anticipating your moves ( wrongly ) like a human but it 's so annoying that they always get that zero reaction time leg stretch and hit the ball every time unless you press the magical trick button . 
  still , that 's done by the back button ? 
  i honestly did n't know it did anything . 
  nhl 13 . 
  number 13 on the cover . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  yeah a lot of people do n't know about the ____ porn subreddits for example , which are by far the best thing ( image wise ) reddit has to offer . 
  i bet you think that makes you cool but really it 's just socially awkward . 
  which is kinda fitting though . 
  exactly . 
  finland and sweden were pretty high as well . 
  of course we have like 12 people total but still . 
  well you know if it 's the only thing you talk about then yeah that 's pretty awkward but i do n't see how `` hey did you see that cool skydiving video on the front page today '' is awkward, 
  could i get one small coffee please ? 
  sorry we do n't sell a small coffee is tall okay ? 
  yeah there are no bags of money . 
  just paintings . 
  the problem was n't nipples showing through pasties , it was pasties showing on camera . 
  i was n't saying the entire situation was n't ridiculous, 
  nothing you buy at a store is filled to the very top , and that 's what you want your bottle to look like, 
  actually surprisingly often they do check . 
  i had a friend ( a girl ) who duct taped a bottle of vodka to her thigh and they spotted it inside her skirt . 
  and it was n't a miniskirt either . 
  well you ca n't exactly fit jeans over vodka bottles and getting it out of there does n't sound too simple eather, 
  i bought the game this morning and got in just fine . 
  played for 10 hours with zero problems ( other than the chat lagging occasionally ) . 
  in hindsight it was probably a good decision not to go to the midnight launch . 
  yes the mighty ducks logo is way cooler :(, 
  you still watch television ? 
  if you finished with 31 you clearly rushed through the levels . 
  i 'm at [ level 29 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iaiam.jpg ) now and in the middle of the 3rd act . 
  to the general topic : 7 sided fist is amazing . 
  especially with the teleport 1077 % dps rune . 
  i also like the blind flash with echo . 
  26 per kill 18 per hit lifeleech and way of a hundred fists means i wo n't run out of hp . 
  dashing strike and roundhouse for crowd control . 
  i just logged back in to do this , but after going through them all i realized i already had the best combination :d at least at the moment, 
  the lower level player always gets a little more based on the difference thus continuously catching up but never going over, 
  out of the 25 or so hours i 've played this game the first 15 minutes was the only `` non co-op '' . 
  love it, 
  do it .
