  well that was actually too good to be funny [ ] ( / okay ), 
  hell yeah non-native grammar nazis unite !, 
  it 's funny because it 's relatable, 
  well you 'll always have an excuse unlike the americans/brits who ca n't spell for shit . 
  e. come on . 
  everyone knows they exist , why the downvotes ? 
  shit i ca n't remember her name but there 's even a subreddit for her . 
  i know my comment is n't helpful , sorry :(, 
  sauce is x-art in case it 's not on the video ( ca n't watch it right now but i know the one ), 
  i 've heard nothing negative about the university but if you 're black i do n't recommend moving there . 
  every time i watch these clips from ( american ) network news i just get depressed knowing this is where most people get their news and information . 
  laser-like beams, 
  windows into weapons, 
  who cares about karma ? 
  til some people actually use a translated version of reddit, 
  yeah i 'm a hypocrite . 
  i pay close attention to spelling/grammar but could n't care less about capitalization or punctuation . 
  with commas i admit i 'm just completely lost because in english the rules are totally different and i 've always preferred the `` sounds right '' method of learning instead of memorizing rules, 
  those were the least necessary `` herp '' and `` derp '' ever, 
  upvoted nevertheless, 
  i guess i should n't be surprised by all the gay porn google offered me when i searched for more pics, 
  touch\u00e9, 
  it would be funny if it was the onion or something but a lot of people seriously base their knowledge of the world on these . 
  and [ these ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=achv9txhvog&amp;feature=related ), 
   and yes , it is a longer penalty than murder because the things he was doing could take the lives of many more than just one person . 
  yet he did n't actually do anything, 
  what are syntax and idiom ? 
  i 'm one of those people who 've learnt the language by listening , reading and using it so i do n't have the slightest clue when it comes to technical grammar terms or rules . 
  yes you should and you probably will if you speak english as a first language . 
  it kinda fucks you up having learnt placing commas in different languages first , for example i do n't know if that comma was necessary . 
  yeah because in the metric system you measure liquids in grams . 
  6 ounces = 1.7 desilitres = 17cl, 
  photoshop, 
  not on comments with 15 upvotes it does n't, 
  i do n't think this comes as a surprise to anybody who lives in europe and knows anything about spain, 
  or the police did it !, 
  i use desilitres for everything drinking related under a few litres and so does everyone i know . 
  i added the cl because that 's the standard unit for alcohol drinks . 
  why would you use millilitres when that sort of accuracy is clearly not required ? 
  actually the only place i 've seen liquids ( for human consumption ) measured in ml is american soda bottles . 
  one of the few countries where people do n't use the metric system . 
  saved, 
   you took a screencap of reddit and submitted it to reddit , and people on reddit are voting for it . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong about this . 
  unless you care about the imaginary internet points that `` you deserve '' for your funny comment . 
  the op still gets visibility ( this post is in the front page ) and at least for me that 's way more important than `` karma '' . 
  i greatly prefer a screencap . 
  it simply opens in the main reddit page without having to open a new tab that loads the comments etc. 
  here a standard shot is 4cl, 
  maybe the ml is an english-speaking thing . 
  i just checked the fridge and none of the containers used ml 's, 
  e. except for imported vitamin water ( not mine ), 
  finland, 
  i know but i could n't care less about any karma . 
  it 's easier to view as a pic . 
  i do n't think a website should be primarily tailored for people on their phones . 
  especially a site like reddit . 
  it 's not exclusive vs inclusive . 
  it 's `` better for phone and worse for computer '' vs `` better for computer and worse for phone '' . 
  neither option is better for both . 
  then how is it that i have over a hundred pirated xbox360 games on my shelf ? 
  who cares about karma . 
  i would n't had seen the comment if it was n't for dorbin2010 . 
  frankly all you bitches complaining about `` karma stealing '' annoy me a lot more than the things you accuse people of . 
  u mad ? 
  i have about 20 legit games as well . 
  i just like to try them out before i decide which ones to buy . 
  i would n't buy any more games if i did n't pirate . 
  then again i do n't really feel like i have to justify myself to you either so to add to my previous statement : u jelly ? 
  i recently gained a lot of weight and lost serious definition and muscle tone , especially in my abs . 
  i have nothing negative to say . 
  i love internet over women . 
  there was obviously a reason he chose this one . 
  and if i was interested to read all 15 comment replies i 'd click on the comments and get the context from there . 
  there 's a much bigger chance of me reading a post like this if it 's an image and does n't require me opening new tabs . 
  if it 's shitty hash/rock hard for other reasons try heating it up a bit before `` grinding '' . 
  also i highly recommend using any other method of smoking but joints for hash . 
  and if you have no choice , keep the joint vertically so they do n't fall . 
  who defends piracy ? 
  it 's awesome . 
  it does n't need defending . 
  [ original-finder ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/original-finder ), 
  i never buy games without having pirated them before . 
  with the exception of grand theft auto games, 
  why did n't the dual scorpion reload ? 
  i hate watching people who do n't know when to reload , would have been an easy kill . 
  also that crossbow `` trick '' is pretty fucking basic if you 've ever spent some time in sticks & stones . 
  other than that it was a nice vid, 
  my best streak in s & d is 12 ( 13-1 iirc ), 
  and i just got 17-3 ( new s & d kill record ) yesterday so it should n't be impossible, 
  i know that . 
  i was just saying that 17-0 must be possible if 17-3 was . 
  k/d : 1.14, 
  w/l : 0.7 ( rage quit much ? ), 
  perks : flak jacket , sleight of hand , ninja, 
  i like to think i 'm not as bad as it looks as i play a lot of split-screen . 
  [ here 's a pic ] ( http://nappa.kuvat.fi/cod30.jpg ) of me going 30-0 if it reassures somebody . 
  it would had been amazing if the nade had killed another enemy when it exploded, 
  soccer totally is for pussies though . 
  and i 'm european,
