  like you said if he was n't going to pull the trigger 2 seconds in he was n't going to pull it after 4 seconds of pointing it to his face . 
  but swatting the hand holding the gun is additional provocation . 
  the gunman might 've though he was trying to disarm him . 
  i enjoyed the build up . 
  there were other men in the video as well so it kept me wondering when something 's going to happen . 
  that 's not really a drunk in public case though . 
   fedden 's attorney said he was obviously drunk when he left a restaurant in july 2013 . 
  he then smoked pot , got into a car , and drove 90 mph and crashed into joe calabrese 's front yard . 
   `` he drove through that fence , hit two fences , hit my car , went through my garage door , '' calabrese said . 
   with a stack of police courtesy cards in fedden 's pocket , the lawsuit claims his police friends made no arrest . 
  instead they gave him a lift home . 
  op 's story is about cops being reasonable when dealing with drunks who are n't hurting anyone but themselves and could happen to anyone . 
  this story is about gross favouritism . 
  because i like marines much more than the other `` basic '' units . 
   `` the triangle refers to viewpoint ; i had it represent one 's head or direction and made it green . 
  square refers to a piece of paper ; i had it represent menus or documents and made it pink . 
  the circle and x represent ` yes ' or ` no ' decision-making and i made them red and blue respectively . 
  people thought those colors were mixed up , and i had to reinforce to management that that 's what i wanted . '', 
  and yes , circle does mean `` yes '' in japan . 
  kinda like our check mark . 
  i would argue that `` x '' means no here too if it was n't placed in the spot western gamers associate as the `` primary button '' on a controller . 
  since circle holds no meaning here the positioning was a big enough factor for western gamers to start using x as `` yes '' . 
   he looks like a cartoon turtle, 
  there 's no `` smart '' synthol use . 
  but there 's synthol use that does n't make you look like you used synthol . 
  no you did n't . 
  16 dollars for a meal is n't cheap ? 
  we 're talking about ( presumably ) a restaurant here , not mcdonalds . 
  i 'm not being a snarky dick . 
  if you ca n't afford a meal at a proper restaurant i feel bad for you , but it 's still ridiculous to compare restaurant prices and mcd prices . 
  your not supposed to be able to afford a full meal at a restaurant for 1 hour of work unless you 're considerably well paid . 
  if you go to a supermarket you can satisfy your hunger for $ 2 . 
  does that mean a restaurant meal over $ 2 is expensive ? 
  no it does n't because you ca n't compare the two . 
  just like you ca n't compare restaurants and fast food . 
  i 'm not rich . 
  i make barely over $ 2500 a month . 
  if i go to a restaurant i 'd still prepare to pay $ 50-150 per person because i do n't consider a night out at a restaurant to be something i should be able to afford 30 days a month . 
  the entire point was they told people it was organic . 
  the video is about the power of prejudices . 
  besides all of them said it was ** better ** than mcdonalds . 
  not as good as . 
  you totally made that up . 
  mcdonalds are just as common over here . 
   i did n't even know this was up for debate . 
  it is n't , but some people are always willing to lie to themselves that `` this is just fine '' or `` this is all i need , i could n't tell the difference anyway '' . 
  people actually jerked off to the fappening ? 
  i always thought it was more of a curiosity , seeing these famous people naked . 
  i 'd look at them and laugh and go back to fapping to regular porn . 
  are the full comics actually still available somewhere ? 
  i browsed the wiki and could n't find any links or even full pages . 
  key word : enemy . 
  why ? 
  got ta give credit where credit is due . 
  if you submit a funny video people wo n't complain how we need `` stop saying it was funny already '' . 
  yeah because realizing the losing side of the war 70 years ago were humans too with their own good moments is `` fucking scary '' . 
  why ca n't we just paint everything black and white and keep repeating how nazis were terrible evil monsters and therefore nothing they ever did was impressive . 
  til comparing visual aesthetics of decorated illuminated buildings can be racist . 
  they did have a bad tendency to over-engineer things though . 
  not taking any credit away from their genius inventions which were also plentiful . 
  nazis were famously good at propaganda ( under which both of the pics fall ) and visual aesthetics . 
  when i was in rome i admired the colosseum because it 's a beautiful structure . 
  does that mean i support slavery like the romans did ? 
  if admiring nazi parades makes you an anti-semite admiring the pyramids makes you support slavery and hate democracy . 
  that 's simply not how things work . 
   oh is that what this 200 + upvoted comment was doing ? 
  pointing out that the nazi party was elected in power by the people ? 
  the germany that chose hitler as their leader was just as free as the germany in 2014 . 
  calling modern germany free is like pretending they were all just victims because it makes us feel better not to aknowledge that the nazi party was chosen in democratic elections . 
   or the 700 + upvoted `` jewish people are cheap '' joke that was gilded directly underneath it ? 
  telling a joke ? 
  you ca n't even tell a joke on the internet these days without someone getting their panties in a bunch ? 
   a `` joke '' that has been told a million times before , is n't even `` strong breath out the nose '' worthy , and in-context is fairly tasteless . 
  it is n't funny , so ask yourself why a completely unoriginal , unfunny , 0 effort joke caused over 737 people to go `` yes !, 
  this contributes ! '', 
  and 1 person to effectively throw away 10 dollars to celebrate it . 
  because it 's relevant to the context ? 
  i 've seen much worse jokes get multiple times the amount of upvotes because they were relevant and no one started crying and bitching about it then . 
  oversensitive much ? 
  also : gilding is $ 3 and the money does n't go to the author of the joke . 
  it goes to reddit . 
  they did n't pay squat for that joke . 
  \\  i did n't know / r/pics had so many antisemites, 
  \\  one trollpost downvoted to oblivion, 
  they were n't digusting people . 
  hitler was a horrible human being as was g\u00f6ring and himmler and other leaders of the nazi party . 
  but the vast majority of the `` nazis '' were just regular german people ( mostly young males ) conscripted as soldiers in their homeland 's military ran by the democratically elected party and head of state . 
  others were scientists or labourers forced to accept this new employer under martial law or risk trying to defect after being exposed to classified information . 
  they might 've gotten lucky but what about their families . 
  nazi soldiers were n't evil or disgusting . 
  i know it 's easier to explain the horrible things that took place by pretending they were a different breed of people but the reality is most of them they were just like you and me . 
  people are smart enough to understand that not every afganistan/iraq veteran was a fan of g.w.bush 's policies . 
  why is it so hard to understand german soldiers were n't boogeymen ? 
  the same place you use when you piss on the sidewalk . 
  i was thinking more along the lines of `` skunk batman wheel robin exploding egg joker '', 
  all the eu plates look a lot alike . 
  as you can see belgium has the letter b under the eu flag and it 's in 1-xxx-111 format . 
  finland has the letters fin and it 's xxx-111 like in the pic . 
  it 's definitely a finnish plate . 
  you can tell by the font and the spacing etc.
