  yeah but realism does n't necessary mean enjoyable gameplay . 
  when you play the sims you do n't have to wait 8 hours for them to get home from work either . 
  i do n't know about you but my 360 is packed away in the attic . 
  no point having it sit around take space and collect dust when it had n't been turned on for over 6 months and in all likelihood never will . 
  i play almost every game with `` no fast travel '' . 
  one of the reasons i disliked skyrim , that game had the quests designed around fast travel . 
  so many pointless trips just to talk to one guy etc. 
  are you sure the amount of shit is accurate ? 
  a quality suit is the most comfortable piece of clothing in the world, 
  have you invited the dotabuff bot as your friend ? 
  you need that for mmr tracking . 
  also by default it shows `` this month '' only so if you have n't played recently that can cause no data too, 
  http://www.dotabuff.com/settings rating buddy, 
  i too remember the year 2003 when cel-shading looked `` good '' . 
   right , but then again it has robots and shit, 
  robots confirmed unlorable, 
   you ca n't expect something that 's reasonable in dota to be reasonable in lol, 
  i think having all characters available to all players would be pretty reasonable to expect from either game, 
  is n't dota the most played game on steam by a large margin ? 
  what about luna 's boob item ? 
  i do n't hate the item . 
  i do n't think it 's op or anything , i just wish it did n't exist . 
  i really liked having cd as a static thing you could play around with both keeping and eye on the clock and gut feeling . 
  sure it 's still a really late game item and you 'll notice when someone has it but still i do n't think it was a needed feature . 
  i 've heard nothing but bad things about the netcode on consoles as well . 
  it 's practically unplayable even with good connection and small distances . 
  yes they are , and not just in comparison to other games . 
   i blame people for liking inferior casual games instead of the beautiful rts genre . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i played wc2 and 3 all my childhood , then thousands of games of sc2 . 
  i 've always loved rts games ( even more casual ones like aoe or c&c ) and never touched mobas or card games or fighting games or all this other stuff they now have a dh . 
  after sc2 was released watched ** every ** event , when a major was on i 'd set my sleep schedule around it so i could watch every game . 
  i 'd watch every episode of day9 dailies , any time a pro playes streamed on twitch , gsl on my phone in class because of the time zones . 
  this lasted for about 3-4 years . 
  the last 6 months to a year was forced because i did n't really enjoy it anymore but did n't want to give up hoping blizz would do something . 
  of course they did n't . 
  the meta for the past few years has just been so incredibly stale it 's impossible for me to stay interested in the pro scene even if i still enjoy playing rts games . 
  the last 6 months of wol was basically the same thing every game . 
  then hots came and rescued the game but after release i feel like nothing has changed . 
  the new units and mechanics extended the lifespan for about half a year but it 's been 2 years . 
  i completely understand those who gave up hope before me . 
  getting tired of sc2 does n't mean you do n't like rts 's or `` ca n't handle their complexity '' or whatever . 
  i 'd love to see another proper rts game be released to have some competition in the genre . 
  frankly i 'm a bit skeptical if lotv will be able to revive sc2 like hots did even for a short period of time . 
   everyone else e-mails, 
  am i the only one who thinks e-mails are really 2003 ? 
  other than stuff like the electric bill or amazon order confirmations etc. 
   the dude called that canada was going to win gold and go undefeated before the tournament even began, 
  what a bold prediction , only about 99 % of the people watching the tournament guessed the same thing . 
  yeah the  relax , you 're doing fine is definitely the most important message on that chatwheel, 
  things i 've learned from reddit :, 
  americans actually sleep in pyjamas . 
  everybody over here just sleeps in their underwear or naked . 
  i 've only seen pyjamas in children 's cartoons and christmas movies . 
  i do n't think you can call the most played game on steam day in and day out a `` small playerbase '' regardless of how many people play lol, 
  yeah i never finished the story because i felt like i had explored most of what the game had to offer ( plus there were a lot of mechanics and design decisions i did n't like ) before even getting too far in the main quest . 
  exploring the world was by far the best part about that game . 
  it 's the artstyle with the thick black lines around everything and `` solid '' colours . 
  it was fairly popular in video games in the early 2000s with ps2 and dreamcast because it was relatively non-intensive to run compared to `` real '' lighting and allowed for some pretty detailed textures that would n't have been possible on the hardware otherwise . 
  well it 's not the textbook definition of cel shading but we 've seen many variations on the style and i 'd definitely include lol 's `` inking '' as a cel shading technique . 
  it 's apparently listed in wikipedia too http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cel-shaded_video_games#l, 
  last time i 've listened to a voicemail was in the 90s and it was from my grandma because she was the only one who used voicemail . 
  i know email is widely used for business ( i kinda understood the original message as talking about spare time with `` personalities i surround myself with etc '' ) but voicemail is definitely not a thing over here . 
  it 's like cheques . 
  americans use those too , right ? 
  i 've never seen one in real life . 
  yeah at the time i did n't have a pc and played the console version . 
  i was definitely not a fan . 
  i do know the elder scrolls series much like fallout should be played on pc with mods but having already seen the map which was pretty much the only thing i liked about the game i 'm skeptical if it 's worth it to pick up again even with mods . 
  it 'd definitely be better than without but would it be better than just playing another rpg is the question . 
  yeah but that 's like saying basketball is a small sport compared to football . 
  i doubt nba players or fans have a `` small fan base syndrome '' . 
   i almost never use checks . 
  the only exception being to pay my rent because my apartment complex is behind the times ( that 's a pretty common situation ) . 
  yeah but that 's a pretty big `` almost '' . 
  i 'm in my late 20s and have never seen a cheque or heard of one being used . 
  i just checked my bank 's website out of curiosity and they do n't offer a cheque service . 
  i remember when i was a small child some grocery stores had signs `` no cheques '' but i did n't really understand what it meant . 
  just do n't use emule or you 'll accidentally download some child porn . 
  that you never watch . 
  except that one time . 
  it 's just a hyperlink . 
  yeah but see this was early 90s , not 2015 . 
  she used to be on mfc under the name `` crimson_rosee '' but she seems to have deleted her profile . 
  google still finds some vids and pics though . 
  e. no she just changed her nickname http://profiles.myfreecams.com/brookeblack online right now btw, 
  dead game . 
  again the wikipedia article agrees that the black outlines are a part of cel shading http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cel_shading, 
   the result is that the object is drawn with a black outline and interior contour lines . 
  the term `` cel-shading '' is popularly used to refer to the application of this `` ink '' outlining process in animation and games , although originally the term referred to the shading technique regardless of whether the outline was applied . 
  yes . 
  the only way i can relate to is passing out drunk while wearing sweat pants . 
  `` so where do you want this text ? '', 
  `` oh just put it over the most important part at the most important time '', 
  i 'm not new to the scene and so far i 've encountered one ( 1 ) . 
  oh i 've looked . 
  i interpreted `` solid '' as `` good '' , not just any game that 's free . 
  thought i must admit i forgot poe is now on steam so that brings the total to 2 . 
  you can get similiar results off google but you have to add one of the `` key words '' . 
  by default it filters out nudity etc.
