  til . 
  downloading ... 
  out of the possible options assholes is actually pretty good, 
  i actually enjoy fpss more on consoles than i do on pc nowadays . 
  i 've played around 1200-1500 hours of fpss on xbox360 alone ( yeah i know . . ), 
  but i just ca n't imagine having fun with an rts unless it 's one of those where you just command a single squad or something and not really and rts in the traditional sense at all . 
  i tried endwar though . 
  that was crap . 
  is the singleplayer any good or is it mp focused ? 
  i might download it and give it a try, 
  it costs $ 0 to download , 
  well the discs are like $ 1.50, 
  i need to know !, 
  who cares about wow . 
  motherfucking max payne, 
  always think what 's best for yourself , life is too short to care about other people . 
  yeah i 'm an asshole . 
  deal with it . 
  just because someone has taught me something does n't mean i 'll do the same for someone else . 
  i 'll take everything people have to offer but that does n't mean i 'm planning on giving it back to anyvody . 
  i 'm an american and i refuse to partake in this sort of communism because of freedom, 
  neither did i at first . 
  and i always lol 'd while playing ac how ridiculous it was that he could hide just by having hot chicks around him . 
  lesson learned . 
  except we do n't have bud light were i 'm from, 
  i liked the one with the 4 angry black guys better but that was good as well, 
  you can see the score is only 25-19 . 
  i did go on offense later but i 've found that in the beginning it 's often good to just wait for the overeager enemies to run straight at you , 
  the original video is down . 
  which part was it ? 
  13min ? 
  yeah that is a nice bottleneck . 
  i think out of these ( 11 non-streak ) kills about 6 were from c and 3 from b. 
  + a few randoms . 
  been there done that . 
  except it was more along the lines of `` there should be about ___ but i 'll weigh it again later cause he can be a cheating bitch sometimes '', 
  really nice work especially considering the map . 
  i hate crisis and probably have never had a good ( non s & d ) round in it . 
  however your choices for killstreaks baffle me . 
  i understand having an ok low killstreak like napalm but rolling thunder ? 
  i 've personally averaged les kills per use with it than napalm and honestly ca n't remember a last time someone killed me with it . 
  especially when you could get a blackbird which is awesome . 
  other than that i have nothing to say , nice vid . 
  go ahead and post it , we 're not that picky . 
  then you can have a follow-up thread later , 
  same goes for op , it 's a great subreddit and needs more visibility . 
  domination, 
  3 works best for me too, 
  i do n't run around with lightweight and an ak74u though, 
  you could get a crazy gaming pc with the price of my imac ( ~ 2400 $ before student discount ) . 
  i 'd still rather have this . 
  it 's not all about the specs . 
  i do n't think anyones surprised the bulkiest and most invoncenient form of computers is also the cheapest . 
  1v1 duels in fps games is a sacred tradition not to be taken lightly even in this day and age, 
  by this and being blue you can definitely tell op is not an ent, 
  we all are . 
  just not everone admits it . 
  i wonder if i 'm the only one who saw these on the front page like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4tv6u.png ), 
  i 've played a few 1v1 duels split screen with a friend and it 's been fun . 
  but you 're right i 've never even tried one online . 
  they sure were sweet in counter-strike though . 
  cartman will always remain the reason south park became popular and my favourite character . 
  too bad he 's just an annoying twat in the later seasons ( ~ 11 -  ), 
  while randy is funny and `` his episodes '' are definitely the least shitty ones in these new seasons none of them have been as good as the old ones with the boys/cartman as main focus ( casa bonita , awesom-o , death of eric cartman , best friends forever , good times with weapons , up the down steroid etc. ), 
  possibly the funniest one i 've seen in weeks yet surprisingly few upvotes, 
  psyduck was right there in frame 54 ( it 's pokemon # 54 ), 
  i usually go to sleep between 5 and 7 . 
  not just fridays but all through the week . 
  i 'm unemployed, 
  what ? 
  you expect these waters to have somehow been used in smoking weed ? 
  i get how one could think that about the bong but what 's vaporizerwater or even more curiously bluntwater ? 
  they 're just colored water interpreting differences between smoking devices, 
  you certainly did n't, 
  who cares ? 
  live and let live, 
  crosspost to firstworldproblems, 
  i 'll take that bet, 
  not really , i 'm a student, 
  anyone else read that as `` reposts '' ? 
  not your personal army, 
  yeah ... obviously ... & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  idk if i get that angry at a video game i shut my xbox off . 
  i do n't start calling people faggots and blame them for streaming it . 
  i disagree but i see your point . 
  i just think the shorter lobby timer is more essential to express than limiting game modes , especially when regular moshpit is n't available . 
  i 'd prefer it to be 15 or 20 seconds though . 
  i just got a 56 kill round in ctf two days ago . 
  does n't sound that slow paced to me . 
  of course on a large map it 's a different story but you said that was already taken care of . 
  i think the stuffing is gross , especially in large quantities . 
  i wish i could buy 1/2 stuffed oreos , that 'd be awesome . 
  nah , just probably bruise him really badly, 
  btw of course this is fake , that 's no reason to downvote . 
  all the movie gifs are just as `` fake '' . 
  more of the same from a different angle, 
  e. yeah i know it 's photobucket but i did n't upload it and it is from the same video . 
  and yes i need a name !, 
  e. suzie diamond, 
  to assume that an opinion-editorital is actually unaffiliated with the newspaper 's editorial board is ludicrous and naive,
