  to be fair 99 % of the content on / new deserves their downvotes . 
  to be fair it 's a proven fact that tv news lie to you . 
  a random commenter on youtube you know nothing about so he 's already more trustful than tv news . 
  well that 's not healthy, 
   only if it could be proven that tv news never tells the truth, 
  tv is known to lie * sometimes * . 
  that 's more than a random commenter who you know nothing about . 
  that random commenter has never lied to you before . 
  he 's more reliable . 
  the hate is completely justified . 
  it 's the ignorance that gets me . 
  i 'm also atheist and registered simply to remove / r/atheism ( and r/politics ) from my front page . 
  well honestly i was n't as much conserned about how you manage to urinate but about your child 's upbringing if you 're freaking out about the possibility of her seeing your penis when you go to the bathroom . 
  i often think about how awesome it would be to go back in time and be a fucking giant . 
  was n't operation mincemeat to cover up the invasion of sicily rather than normandy ? 
  ps3 does the same thing but ten times worse . 
  on xbox i maybe get like 1/5th of my download speed but on playstation it 's like 1/100th . 
  and it updates every fucking time i turn it on . 
  yeah i ca n't understand it . 
  most of the game updates are like 6mb unless they include new content . 
  my xbox downloads them in seconds , my playstation in 15 minutes . 
  the nhl dictates who 's name is engraved on the cup and it 's really strict . 
  the rings are purchased by the team and they can give them to whoever they want . 
  yeah except singing the national anthem has everything to do with nationalism and patriotism and zero to do with helping other humans . 
  yeah especially when it does n't make any sense . 
  the average person from the 18th or 17th century would be considered extremely ignorant in modern standards . 
  most of them could n't even read or write . 
  even if they were that is n't actually helping anyone . 
  that 's making yourself feel better . 
  and if you 're going to put yours and your kids ' lives in danger to capture that you should at least have the common decency not to shoot a vertical video, 
  the way he worded that i read it as giving up the plans for `` an invasion of southern europe '' to hide the real invasion of normandy . 
  when in reality the real invasion was in southern europe as well but elsewhere in southern europe . 
  downvoted for using the term trigger, 
  thank you ? 
   i do n't remember seeing even one of my ancestors who said they could n't read or write . 
  maybe because it 's either not worth mentioning or simply they did n't want to write down their weaknesses to some sort of historical records . 
  yes the majority were illiterate , you can easily research this on the internet but here 's an example : [ link ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ad/illiteracy_france.png/776px-illiteracy_france.png ) . 
  and france was a relatively civilized country compared to many others . 
  but the difference is i 'm not claiming to help anybody . 
  yatzhee picked spec ops as his [ game of the year ] ( http://www.escapistmagazine.com/videos/view/zero-punctuation/6677-top-5-of-2012 ), 
  they look totally white to me . 
  yea because who would n't be happy living in a town like auschwitz . 
  you 're the one being overly sensitive . 
  the women themselves were the one making it a `` men vs women '' thing . 
  the comments were just highlighting how fucking dumb they were regardless of their gender . 
  stop being so butt hurt . 
  the anti-misogyny circlejerk is ten times worse though . 
  oh no a site with 90 % male users posts pictures objectifying women how can this be . 
  the old padlock joke is upvoted because it 's true . 
  regardless of how it makes you feel . 
  well the thing about misogyny is it 's `` you should n't feel that way , it 's inapproriate '' vs a life time of experiences with women . 
  i do n't care if someone picks a `` different side '' that i do but i 'd rather rely on my own observations than what 's politically correct . 
  i saw the original post about them but i admit i saw it when it was only a few hours old so there could 've been later comments i missed . 
  i have a feeling those comments ( and the people who upvoted them ) we 're just commentating on how the women in question used the `` we 're girls and some people ca n't deal with it '' defense every time someone questioned their methods . 
  are there any estonian speakers that could verify the estonian word `` apelsinipuu '' ? 
  i do n't speak estonian but finnish is very similiar and the word `` puu '' means tree . 
  we would call an orange tree an `` appelsiinipuu '' and i know estonians use the word puu for wood as well . 
  you obviously do n't know what an analogy means . 
  it 's pretty hard to make significant improvements once a year on 9 year old hardware . 
  maybe it 's a joke ? 
  could that be possible ? 
  well then you are n't one of the people that `` option '' is aimed towards . 
  i do n't understand your logic , just because you do n't feel like that and there 's only 4 endings for you that fifth `` ending '' is bad writing ? 
   dude , what the fuck ? 
  that 's like saying the only use for people is sex . 
  no it is n't . 
  it 's a very non politically correct joke in many ways but that 's not what it 's saying . 
  no one 's shaming anybody . 
  that 's not what the joke implies . 
  it implies that getting laid is easier for women and thus it 's not an accomplishment . 
  that joke is n't shaming every women that 's had sex with more than one male , it 's a response to the `` why is it an achievement for a man to have sex with many women but not for a woman to have sex with many men ? '', 
  question . 
   but most of the time , i collect my garbage in a drawer i keep empty just for that , then throw it all out when i leave in the evening, 
  well that 's retarded . 
  there 's a reason one 's called the trash can and the other 's called a drawer . 
  here 's a hint , the one with `` trash '' in the name is the one you 're supposed to put trash in . 
  that 's the same joke i 've heard although i 've generally heard it as a response whenever women wonder why men brag about sexual partners while women do n't . 
  i do n't see it as shaming women with multiple partners but simply an analogy as to why men having multiple partners is not the same as women having multiple partners and why one is an accomplishment and the other is n't . 
  not everything that is n't worth bragging about is bad . 
  it 's just neutral . 
  it 's not shaming to say `` that 's not difficult enough to be an accomplishment . '', 
  and that was probably the only time that camo actually worked . 
   anyone can stop playing any game at any point for any reason . 
  if a player chooses to do this , is it really because the game maker has done something clever ? 
  the difference here is most games do all they can to keep a person playing . 
  spec ops and the message in spec ops is doing all it can to do the opposite . 
  i understand your viewpoint , i just do n't agree with it . 
  because if the writer stopped he 'd make the decision for you . 
  if there was n't the option to continue it would n't be much of a choice would it ? 
   i just do n't get the point of acting like the ending where `` the gamer takes a stand and says ` no ' to the game '' is something to desire . 
  in the case of spec ops i disagree . 
  99 out of a hundred games i would n't but in this case i do . 
  spec ops was n't one of those games that 's `` great and every game should be like it '' . 
  it was great but it 's also one of a kind . 
  the game has a message and although keeping on playing does n't take away from it in my mind if you stop playing it because it 's making you sick it 's already gotten the message across . 
  like i said not every player has to choose that option for that option to exist . 
  i agree in almost every game calling the player turning off the game `` an ending '' would be a stretch and lazy writing but in this instance it works . 
  you ca n't generalize everything . 
  the reason i 'm getting downvoted is because reddit is full of liberal 20 something year olds whose worst fear in life is making a politically incorrect statement . 
   because if the writer stopped he 'd make the decision for you .
