  those were the times, 
  yeah but what makes op 's clip more interesting is the fact that in f1 things can actually happen even without engine failure/crash . 
  not hacked . 
  people really do n't understand how easy it is to find out someone 's identity on the internet even if they 're think they 're safe behind a username . 
  you do n't actually have to have a message in your post history detailing your personal information for it to happen . 
  because he 's an extremely professional individual asked to act emotional and rude in front of cameras because that 's what attracts viewers ? 
  nobody 's saying they do n't understand why this guy feels this way . 
  they 're saying this is not the way to respond to a message like that if you want to give a good and professional impression . 
  i think he was saying `` who cares if you take a pic in a club '' not `` who cares about your comment '', 
  but i do agree . 
  i 've always hated people who take pictures at parties/clubs . 
  there was this one guy who attended basically every high school party at our school with his expensive dslr camera and it made me not go to any party he was at . 
  even worse was he 'd stay sober all through the night like he was a scientist gathering evidence on his subjects . 
  i know nothing about harry potter but her back is turning me on in a strange way . 
  is this what people call a fetish ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm not judging anyone . 
  i just do n't think it 's fun when you 're having a great time partying and someone shoves a camera in your face that snaps 3 photos per second and you know it 's going to be uploaded to facebook as public . 
  i do n't know if this is considered `` judgemental '' in this day and age but i do enjoy my privacy and i do n't think a party or a club where everyone is more or less shitfaced is a place to take photographic evidence and then share it to the world . 
   they need help when it comes to situations like this, 
  too bad fifa and the entire world of football hates technology . 
  yeah i know they got goal refs now . 
  30 years behind other major sports . 
  and football should be the major sport . 
  i 've never been a football ref so i do n't know about the specifics of offsides but i was a hockey ref for years . 
  basically all underage leagues , men 's division three and down and women 's division two and down . 
  the amount of shit you have to put up with is just intolerable . 
  i reffed from 15 to 21 years old and i was paid 18-30 $ an hour . 
  a 20 year old does n't just turn down a ~ 25 $ / hr job where i live . 
  but i did give it up and i 'm not the kind to get offended or take things personally . 
  after a while you just think `` why do i get up in the morning to listen to this shit '' . 
  all my respect to the guys who still do it and make it to professional games but i simply could n't . 
  even if i knew i was a good ref and i knew they 'd talk shit to any ref blowing the whistle against them it grows so tiresome to just listen to people whine and bitch to you all day every day . 
  the fact that you call it a `` dip '' seems to just strengthen my argument, 
  well to be fair eu has managed to bring together separate nations a lot better than any other project has in the history of modern man and i was just providing it as an example . 
  i 've been trying to and reading lore is exactly what sparked this idea . 
  any specific urls you could point me to if you feel like i need to inform myself better ? 
   i do n't want to get political about this , but, 
  but you did get really political about this . 
  sorry but both your posts reek passive-aggressiveness and i was n't really asking for opinions on eu . 
  like i said it was just an example . 
  you can think of the cis countries and soviet union if that 's easier for you . 
  oh i absolutely love roman history . 
  in fact i 'm studying archaeology at the moment and ancient rome and greece are my biggest passions , especially rome . 
  but even the roman empire was very divided when it came to specific issues . 
  sure they all bowed to the same flag if an army unit happened to march into town but outside of that they were left to practice their own traditions . 
   also , as i 'm writing this , i realized that not everyone may have trackir, 
  i 'm sure you 're enjoying it but i think a game ca n't develop its mechanics thinking everyone wil buy a 180 $ peripheral just for their game . 
  i know whales are funding the development but really i think you have to be reasonable and not except for regular customers to willing to pu 250 $ into a game just because the trailers look cool . 
  support the gizmos for sure but do n't require them to have an enjoyable game experience . 
  i know nothing about starfleet . 
  i had to google the term just to know your were talking about startrek . 
  my point was i felt like the lore was lacking in explaining how a planet ( earth ) so divided in its past so succesfully merged into a unified republic . 
  i felt like it was an area that could be explored more . 
  i did n't ask how you felt about eu . 
  that duck is getting laid tonight, 
  thanks !, 
  really ? 
  in all the may may pics shiba inus look more `` rouned '' and less `` wolf '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is a cross breed , i 'd love to hear op 's say . 
  yeah i 'm really not against the idea , i 'm just trying to explain why some people are n't into it . 
  i 'm pretty sure it also takes extra effort in the form of clicks or time or whatever you want to measure in compared to just melting . 
  everything works on me because i actually browse reddit on a computer but i agree , fuck everything that is n't imgur/webm/youtube . 
  thanks a lot, 
  yeah i felt the same way when i say the title . 
  everyone knows about alcohol/cigarettes during pregnancy , why did you think prescription drugs would n't affect your baby ? 
  i like the looks of that skin but i 'm really not planning to buy another skin ever and i do n't want to draw unwanted attention to myself come launch if you get what i 'm saying . 
  it 's definitely the best looking skin alongside the pitchfork . 
  well then you are beyond a doubt less of a pussy than i am . 
  thanks ? 
  ** a u r o r a b o i s **, 
  but i 'm fat and ugly, 
  so whatever this league is has policemen standing on the sidelines ready to jump in whenever the ref blows his whistle ? 
  the guns always had chains here . 
  the gift of allowing us to give them money, 
  i 'm not sure if this is some genius novelty account or if you 're actually being serious . 
  was n't it like 1 beer ? 
  you 're really delusional if you think drinking a pint at lunch time would affect your job quality . 
  nothing . 
  to be fair their plan was to drive it only for about 5 miles . 
  yeah i watched it like `` ben affleck directed a movie ? 
  i got ta see this shit '' but was actually surprised when it turned out to be a really good movie . 
  i 've seen it a second time too and it held up well . 
  you 're probably looking for an entry level canon or nikon . 
  both brands are good , it 's down to personal preference of the user interface more than anything else . 
  for your objectives you 'll probably want a 3rd party manufacturer like tamron or sigma and they make lenses for both so that 's not a issue . 
  scroll down for the handy sheet thing, 
  yeah but a compact camera ca n't really match the macro quality of a proper slr lens . 
  well , yeah . 
  and the run was excellent but just look at luiz 's positioning . 
  he 's spinning around and staring at iniesta when he should be covering neymar . 
  it 's not like there were many other more dangerous plays iniesta could make right there . 
  this is actually pretty impressive . 
  those crossbars on full-sized goals are pretty high up . 
  the scene is called momsbangteens.com - lola foxx , india summer - lusty exchange - 2013-09-30 [ 1080p ], 
  arma 3 is n't quick , it 's just not buggy and clunky as fuck like arma 2 was . 
  you mean a gta 4 character has a brief cameo a few minutes into the story ? 
  not everyone is as stupid as you are, 
  more like the 99 % that did n't start up the game during season 1 . 
  he 's not saying it was n't johnny .
