  that does sound pretty believable . 
  though it still leaves my original question unanswered , can a gunner who 's inside the vehicle in those conditions escape without the loss of his legs ? 
  that hole in the windscreen does n't look like it 's dead center so it the original projectile or whatever came out of it could 've missed him , but `` molten hot liquid metal '' spread all around the crew compartment does n't sound too good . 
  yeah i think the way to the jump was even more exciting than the actual jump . 
  before clicking the link i was thinking `` 72 feet ? 
  that does n't sound that much with a proper track to build up speed and ... oh '' . 
   i mean i knew a lot of people who got pregnant in high school , my grad class had about 15 girls pregnant senior year alone . 
  yeah i went to high school in michigan for my senior year and for some reason i decided to take the `` parenting '' class . 
  it was me , 3 other boys and about 20 girls approximately 10 of which were pregnant . 
  i 'm assuming those were all the pregnant girls ( that had n't dropped out ) in our school of about 500-600 people . 
  of course in a regular class there would only be 0-1 pregnant girls . 
  back home in finland we had one girl who got pregnant in all of the 4 years i was in high school and she was 2 years younger than me . 
  everyone knew about it because it was so rare . 
  no-one in my year got pregnant all through high school . 
  we had around 450-500 students in total . 
  i admit there are other factors to this . 
  first of all high school is mandatory in the u.s. 
  it is n't in finland . 
  we also have vocational schools instead of high schools for people who are n't interested in a college education and want to learn a profession instead like a car mechanic or a hair dresser . 
  so high school is basically only for those who want to go on to college . 
  a high school degree in itself is worth less than a vocational school one . 
  i do n't want to sound condescending but most of the pregnant girls at my school in us were n't the type to go to college . 
  i did actually get to know many of them pretty well since i did have that parenting class 5 times a week and the general attitude was many of them did n't really even care about a high school education , it was just easier than fighting the authorities . 
  so that could explain some of the difference , in finland those girls who were `` more likely '' to get pregnant would n't have attended high school in the first place and i would 've never seen them or heard of them . 
  countries like sweden and denmark with similiarly low teenage birth rates and probably many other european countries have a same sort of setup . 
  that does n't change the fact that here teenage births are close to 5 in a 1000 compared to your 40 , but it does explain why the difference seems even larger in real life . 
  having pregnant people walking around high school corridors was the norm in the u.s. 
  hearing about someone getting pregnant was news , but it was n't anything special . 
  definitely not 6 months of being the talk of the school special . 
  more like forgotten after 3 days . 
  here it would be the biggest gossip for the entirety of the pregnancy since it 's so incredibly rare to see a high school with a single pregnant student . 
  it 's even rarer than black people . 
  while i 'm definitely no doctor are you sure this was n't just treating the symptoms ? 
  he still probably had some weird chromosome issues . 
  what if this way he still lived only to be 20 something but he did n't reach superhuman height either ? 
  that 's like a lose lose . 
  using a rubber tube ** and ** it 's a one hitter ? 
  i have to upvote you for effort but if that 's the smoothest piece you own i 'm a little sorry for you . 
  in detroit he could probably buy a house and pay off the mortgage before the cops arrive . 
  yeah that 's what the guy shooting the shotgun says . 
  `` because a piece of document that was written in the 1700s and made sense back then '' really is n't that good of an argument . 
  i 'm not particularly for gun control or against it . 
  where i live i 'd be considered an `` anti-control person '' and in some states i 'd probably be considered `` pro-control '' . 
  `` because 2nd amendment '' is still a terrible basis for any argument . 
  it 's almost like your reading religious script and not a piece of legal paperwork from 230 years ago written by a bunch of disagreeing politicians and thus being one huge compromise in every aspect . 
  why thank you . 
  i was happy enough getting an orangered and knowing someone actually read my ramblings . 
  yes it does . 
  all knowledge ages . 
  if you saw a school book from the 18th century , would you believe everything it teaches as facts ? 
  if you found a manual about the `` advanced medicine '' in the 1700s would you have those procedures done to you ? 
  if you read a newspaper from 1780 would you not think it 's endearing how little these simple people actually know ? 
  you would , and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  in the last few hundred years the human race has gone through unparalleled advancements in it 's scientific knowledge . 
  i would n't trust anything older than a few decades too much . 
  especially when it 's not a single person 's manifesto , but an arrangement negotiated by a bunch of politicians that then got elevated into this `` holy '' status later on . 
  yeah well i 'm not too surprised his side of the events was n't included in the article . 
  [ charlton heston ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2bgsqty1o0 ), 
  i 'd say this is a borderline dad joke . 
  i still think we should ban image posts though . 
  yes you can . 
  you just ca n't change it while in session aka . 
  you have to go to single player to change the option or join someone in a free aim session which gives you a prompt to change aim modes . 
  auto-aim people are n't allowed to join free aim sessions . 
  same goes vice versa . 
  so if you 're playing with auto-aim , everyone else you play with has auto-aim . 
  it 's to guarantee an even playing field . 
  i personally would think it 'd be even better if auto-aim was forced off but this is a solution i 'm pretty satisfied with as well . 
  at least they 're not letting auto-aim people join games with free-aim people . 
  i would 've seriously returned the game if that was the case . 
  that 's what you consider subtle ? 
  he might as well have pulled out a white board and explained the joke using magic markers . 
  i 'm not complaining about the joke . 
  it made me chuckle . 
  but never in a million years would i describe it as `` subtle '' . 
  who the fuck votes on comments based on the person 's history on reddit ? 
  who even looks at usernames let alone recognizes any ( non-novelty at least ) ? 
  and kinda like how the entire society considers men to unable to raise children ? 
  oh no taboo words and difficult thoughts . 
  i need an adult !, 
  well either you were reading a lie or you misunderstood what you were reading because that simply is not true . 
  i 'm not sure if there are official statistics kept for this sort of info , but a quick google search offered such figures as 10-15 % win rate for men . 
  this is pretty much on par with everything else i 've ever heard about the subject . 
  even more ignorant than racist opinions is labeling someone else 's all thoughts and ideas ignorant by calling them `` a racist '' . 
  `` a rasist fuck '' in fact . 
  he did n't label an entire race of people as sub-human . 
  if you could actually calm down and read what he wrote with thought instead of panicing over some buzzwords maybe you 'd see that as well . 
  myfreecams is actually a pretty good site and you can get a lot of fapping done without paying a cent, 
  the site he linked is n't actually mfc but seems like some 3rd party company selling those ripped mfc videos ( by the look of it illegaly ) . 
  so if you 're problem was that they held value well ... why not get the newest one then ? 
  you could sell it off after a few years and get almost half your money back if not more . 
  you said it yourself and i know it to be true from experience as well . 
  did you actually think at some point that there were going to be repercussions ? 
  maybe if you are a youtube partner with monetized videos but random people uploading their gameplay ? 
  especially with the beta key being universal like it is . 
  that was never going to happen . 
  yeah i 'm going to assume this was an attempt at sarcasm . 
  if not , please let me know and i 'll point out all the ways in which you just went full retard . 
  why are all the jiffy bot gifs so terrible quality ? 
  i realize it 's a free service but it 'd be just as simple to code a bot that did n't rape the image quality .
