  yeah it 's cheap but it 's pretty good for the price . 
  i did n't mean it 's a quality luxury vodka , i just said it 's a pretty good choice . 
  and ruski is better . 
  funny because you were probably sarcastic but it 's true, 
  no one * needs * to be one . 
  we like to be . 
  i googled who he was because of the meme and now i appreciate his scientific accomplishments . 
  if it was n't for the meme i still would n't know who neil degrasse tyson is . 
  the original pic can be [ found ] ( http://photos.modelmayhem.com/photos/111017/16/4e9cbd955a724.jpg ) hosted on modelmayhem too . 
  is there a way to somehow reverse the process and get the profile ? 
  e. http://www.genesis-models.co.uk/lindsay-walker-manchester-model.htm, 
  also cod search & destroy, 
  and rainbow six 3, 
  rainbow six 3 was the shit . 
  still one of my all-time favourite games . 
  i spent so much time in terrorist hunt , not to mention the standard people vs people online mp . 
  i 've bought the game twice and pirated it like 5 times more because i used to always get a sudden urge to play it . 
  too bad what happened to the series . 
  i played cs almost every day from '99 to '07 and yes , it is the same feeling . 
  are you implying people do n't fake defuse or use tactics in cod ? 
  just because you 've played some public matches does n't mean you know two shits about cod . 
  i 've played every cod since the first one and love them all . 
  private matches is where the shit 's at , but of couse it 's fun to occasionally go to public matches and just rape the shit out of newbs with ac-130 's etc. 
  thus causing butt hurt in faggots like you . 
  i 'm not a cod player . 
  i 'm a person who enjoys playing cod occasionally . 
  get off your high horse , call of dutys have allways been decent games . 
  i know it 's hard not to be part of the cool guys and hate on them but they 're actually quite fun . 
   i do n't see why you 're all pissed off at me for having an opinion . 
  maybe it has something to do with how you presented it, 
   people who play call of duty have no game sense whatsoever, 
  call of duty is not my favourite game , i prefer the battlefield series for example , but they have decent gameplay and i have fun playing them . 
  also i do n't tell people i 'm better at them at games if i 've never seen them play . 
  but sir you are still trying to prove to yourself that you are a better player than some random guy on the internet so calling you a butt hurt faggot is n't an insult , it 's an observation . 
  e. oh and if you actually were a good battlefield player you would n't refer to yourself as `` top fragger '' as being a good bf player has very little to do with k/d, 
  well not everyone bases their morals around law . 
  laws change . 
  used to be great . 
  slowly turned into terrible around the 4th season . 
  yeah all shows eventually start getting worse but himym actually went from one of my favourites to a show i do n't even consider watching because it 's utter crap . 
  i still do n't know how they managed to pull it off . 
   then stolen and posted to reddit for the karma, 
  how about for the lulz . 
  i post to reddit for the lulz . 
  could n't care less about karma . 
  it helps if you mention rainbow six in the same comment , 
  well it 's not like it was difficult . 
  i was n't even trying and got 10k + 18k in less than a year, 
  flashbangs, 
  we prefer not to talk about that one anymore, 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure everyone on r/gw would like to see those pics, 
  if any redditors wan na play pm me or post your gamertags here, 
  what ? 
  have you actually tried the game ? 
  it works great as an fps , i ca n't imagine it being better in any other form, 
  you can also store two-handed weapons in burial urns which is kinda cool, 
  [ some more pics ] ( http://kitty-kats.com/showthread.php?1706486-young-sexy-amateurs-collection-%28full-sets-only%21%29&amp;p=4159128&amp;viewfull=1#post4159128 ), 
  [ . rar ] ( http://oron.com/hoxztfpimt45 ) 81 photos 148mb res : 2592x1944, 
  i do n't think it would had been as `` fuild '' in 3rd person . 
  now it has a more team fortress 2 feel to it which is great . 
  the game is still comes down to skill , even and especially with all the gargets and stuff . 
  besides it 's not like it 's necessary to buy every single update . 
  i 'm still using snow leopard not because i ca n't afford a 30 $ update but because the `` new ipad inspired features '' honestly sound like crap . 
  and it 's not like snow leopard is out of date . 
  when apple comes out with an actually better os i 'll upgrade to that . 
  so you . . actually want to play against bots ? 
  good luck with that . 
  in the winter i always keep one or two water bottles on the windowsill ( outside ) . 
  it 's close enough that i can reach it from the computer and the water stays ice cold . 
  if i do n't have to move i do n't mind it but try running or pretty much doing anything physically active with a stomach full of water 8 (, 
  seeing as how being an illegal immigrant or a muslim is not really an opinion i do n't see how you can agree or disagree with it . 
   i hope this kid did n't win . 
  this sounds like a much easier project than most, 
  you 're saying it like it 's a bad thing . 
  it 's not a `` who 's project took the longest time '' competition . 
  i could measure the lenght of me penis every 15 seconds for the next 2 years and it still would make a pretty lousy science presentation . 
  so tf2 has grappling hooks and glider rigs and katana swords ? 
  did n't know that . 
  you 'd think i would given the amount of time i 've spent playing that game . 
  url ? 
  source ? 
  \\  pay, 
  lol 'd, 
  also  computer advice from someone who uses an ipad, 
   you should be using the `` x '' pass - the same button you would use to cross or perform a lob pass . 
  oh that explains a lot . 
  when i read `` x '' pass i automatically assumed you were talking in ps3 controls . 
  sorry but if you 're actually saying the one thing that would had made this game not a `` tf2 clone '' would be a different camera angle i ca n't take you seriously . 
  what if you tried playing the game ? 
  i can promise you it would n't work nearly as well in 3rd person . 
  really ? 
  what region are you playing in ? 
  i 've always found a match within 60 seconds . 
  ipad ! = mobile device . 
  i understand the need for a good mobile device very well . 
  however a 4:3 tablet with no usb , mmc or flash that can barely be used for angry birds while on the toilet is not a good mobile device . 
  oh and i like your `` pirating is for kids '' attitude . 
  that 's a new one . 
  me too . 
  it 's a pretty sweet birthday to have , from that point the days start getting longer and nights shorter .
