  that 's not what they 're saying . 
  they 've already confirmed microtransactions for cosmetic items . 
  the only other thing they 've confirmed is that you get all the heroes at launch for the asking price . 
  emphasis being on `` the 21 heroes available at launch '' . 
  that 's what 's worrying people . 
  edibles probably say the same thing, 
  he said, 
   we 're not sure if and when and how we 're going to add new heroes to the game at all . 
  to me and knowing blizzard that just sounds like `` we 're waiting until we 're ready to announce the details before saying anything '' . 
  but they 're already selling skins so there 's no debate as to that . 
  there 's also this , but i do n't know how much it 's worth : http://www.overpwn.com/news/85-possible-content-teaser-overwatch-strings, 
   lp is n't emo, 
  nigga i loved that cd just like everyone else at the time and i never wore any goth kid shit but lp was definitely emo, 
   people apologize when you bump them . 
  no joke . 
  i thought this was pretty much the standard in civilized countries not including japan and china for obvious reasons of having too many fucking people . 
  yea it 's a better game but it 's also one i 've played through 5 + times and already own on multiple platforms, 
  i 'm well aware they 've existed , that does n't mean i 've bought into the scam myself, 
  paper mario was on a serious console and it was n't a good game because it was cute . 
  it was a good game because it was well designed . 
  neither galaxy nor bayonetta gained anything from being exclusives on a technologically inferior system , bayonetta 1 was multiplatform as well as all other platinum games ' spectacle fighters and many of them are better than bayonetta 2 . 
  because as a consumer sales figures are what makes a product good . 
  just like we all know call of duty and assassins creed are the best games to come out each year . 
  well he was talking about canada, 
  names of foods are n't usually translated . 
  it 's pasta bolognese not `` bolognian pasta '' . 
  you mean like this ? 
  it 's these two guys beating a hobo to death with a hammer, 
  i `` test them out '' by queuing for a game and picking that hero, 
  that just makes you more like a native, 
  because the average reviewer just plays through a game and expects it to hand you everything on a platter . 
  just cause is one of those games where you make your own fun . 
  it 's like judging minecraft based on its `` story mode '' . 
   and the only fun part of the game can actually be done once you have shit unlocked, 
  not . 
  liberating military bases just with the starting gear is one of the best parts of the game . 
  the challenges do suck though, 
  m ` lady, 
   still he peaced the fuck out when the sc2 hype was over . 
  most of the players did too , what 's your point ? 
  there 's also boobs, 
  i had to google to see the cover art used over here despite actually owning a physical copy . 
  do n't really spend too much time staring at the covers when i can just play the game . 
   he actually realizes how much pain he 's in, 
  i think in the video the guy filming him says something about how he has to make a dentist appointment/how expensive dentists are and that 's what he 's reacting to . 
  yeah i 'm just glad we got over that time, 
  i do n't give a shit about that membrane keyboard but that coke is getting stale . 
  and you 're drinking it straight from the bottle ? 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  the stories are typically posted by americans, 
  \\  coke zero, 
  the point was n't a few nations not participating in the world cup but that it 'd only take a few of the major european countries withdrawing from fifa in favor of a mew alternative organization to start a domino effect . 
   there is no reason to actually downvote this idea . 
  yes there is . 
  it 's a shit idea and people will just put it to any post which would force mods to do like 100x the work they 're used to just so some autist can have a `` serious '' discussion . 
  it 's not difficult to tell the `` serious '' content apart from shitposts as is . 
  except people still would n't upvote duplicates and reposts so we 'd have autists like you posting a link to whatever is new and tagging it `` serious '' thus forcing anyone who wants to participate to abide by rules the op , a single poster , decided on alone simply because he happened to be the quickest one to post the link . 
  it 's a terrible idea . 
   / r/dota2 should be a place where anything dota2 related should be posted, 
  says the guy who wants restrictions on what is allowed to be posted to / r/dota2, 
  sometimes it stacks , sometimes it does n't . 
  i have n't found any consistencies in what fucks it up but when i have less than 6 items i often have to drag it to another item slot just as if it was a tp purchased by someone else . 
  with 6 items you 're just out of luck . 
  it did n't use to be this way in source 1 ( not sure if reborn launch was really when it started bugging out but around that time ) . 
   `` oh noz the mods have to do extra work '' well that 's kind the job is n't it ? 
  it 's not just a little bit of extra work . 
  it would seriously be like a hundred fold just because some user thinks it 's his right to have / r/dota2 shaped like he wants instead of going to subs that already work like what he wants . 
   in serious posts when ops do n't want it . 
  but that gives one random poster huge amounts of power for no real reason . 
  a new patch comes , the quickest one to post the patch notes decides to tag it `` serious '' . 
  tons of people want to joke about the patch notes but ca n't because the first post that is the one that always gets upvoted to the front page is serious because one poster decided it should be . 
  it 's a terrible idea . 
  just go to truedota or whatever that circlejerk sub is called . 
   but we should be able to commit to a seroius conversation when someone requests it . 
  that 's what the downvote button is for . 
  definitely . 
  it 's one of the main reasons i keep the game volume high . 
  no one thinks the guy who says he 's cheating is actually cheating . 
  adjective, 
  having or showing a dislike of or prejudice against people from other countries . 
  do n't use words you do n't know the meaning of . 
  and go back to tumblr . 
   the one who is the fastest to post the link deserves the karma dont they ? 
  i do n't give a fuck about karma . 
  that 's not the point . 
  say a new patch comes out , the quickest one to post it is obviously the post that makes it to the front page . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  but the random poster who was only decided by being the quickest to post it now has the power of forcing anyone who wants to comment on the new patch to abide by rules he , a single poster , decided . 
  want to joke about the new patch in the comment section of the post everyone sees ? 
  guess you 're out of luck since one guy decided he does n't like jokes . 
  so in other words you want to place new restrictions on what is allowed to be posted where ? 
  adjective, 
  having or showing a dislike of or prejudice against people from other countries . 
  please point to me where in my post did i even remotely mention nationality or race ? 
  you 're seriously making yourself look even dumber than you did before . 
  just because it is n't a universal restriction does n't mean it is n't a restriction, 
  you 're botanophobic for making me feel uncomfortable . 
  people will upvote the patch notes and other relevant news regardless who posted them or how they are tagged as they should . 
  no they do n't . 
  that 's the opposite of what i just said .
