   is it ethically that different to using caffeine before a test ? 
  ethically ? 
  not really . 
  in practice ? 
  yes , amphetamine is very different from caffeine . 
  just because it has a sassy brandname on the bottle does n't make it any less amphetamine . 
   well they do n't help you study at all . 
  what ? 
  yes they do . 
  it 's so much easier to keep focus on a subject and not switch to reddit or porn or tv shows if you 're on amphetamine . 
  i agree that if it was about a solved crime or a criminal that has been caught mentioning the race is n't necessary but a lot of times it 's these `` police are asking you to report any sightings '' or `` look out for ____ scam artist who 've already claimed multiple victims '' . 
  i 'd say the color of their skin is a very decisive detail , especially since clothes can be changed in a minute . 
  also i do n't agree with your `` avoiding perpetuation of stereotypes '' at all costs mentality . 
  a year or two back finland 's biggest newspaper came under a lot of slander for publishing an article that ( correctly ) stated that over 60 % of all rapes in helsinki we 're done by immigrants . 
  yeah it 's a stereotype that black men rape but apparently it 's also very true . 
  i think it 's better we face these issues than try to hide them so nobodies feelings are hurt . 
  name one islamic country where there is n't some sort of ban of pornography . 
  besides it 's not revelant whether every single one participates in this . 
  a considerable portion still do . 
   the possession of pornographic documents , films , magazines , etc. , constitutes a criminal offense, 
  i 'm not even minnesotian ( that 's a word , right ? ), 
  and i love minnesota !, 
  i mean come on , they have a hockey rink [ inside a shopping mall ] ( http://shepherdcollin.blogspot.fi/2010/03/mall-of-america.html ) . 
  that 's right motherfucker , a god damn shopping mall !, 
  yeah they do . 
  though i have to admit i do prefer the setup in the [ west edmonton mall ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juv3ahma0gm ), 
  her boob was briefly ( about 2 seconds ) `` visible '' ( it had an enormous nipple ring on ) during the superbowl of 2007 or something . 
  this caused a nationwide panic in america and it 's the main reason every show that airs `` live '' is actually on a 7 second delay . 
  this is funny because here ( finland and probably all of europe ) it 's perfectly ok to show boobies on tv . 
  even on the free channels . 
  being able to enlist in the army before drinking beer was the main american thing . 
  also there are over 20 countries that allow `` same sex unions '' for gay people . 
  a compromise where homosexuals gain equal rights but just call by a different name . 
  good enough if you ask me . 
  that about makes up the entirety of the western world . 
  now if you want to compare your country to places like zimbabwe or saudi arabia then i guess it 's not as bad but is that really a good benchmark ? 
   it sent me on a jay onrait youtube spree, 
  you are not alone . 
  and every video made me a little more sad on the inside . 
  it ca n't be a coincidence the two logos are almost identical . 
  this is the first time i actually realized they are separate programmes ( i do n't live in na ) . 
  well i 've only been alive a little over 2 decades so i ca n't possibly name the best players of all time ( and i do n't want to get in an argument of modern players vs. old players ) but here 's a list of who i think are the best based on what i 've seen . 
  pavel datsyuk, 
  nicklas lidstr\u00f6m / joe sakic/mario lemieux/dominik hasek, 
  it 's impossible to pick just 5 !, 
   yes , hockey has evolved , but i can garantee you that lemieux and gretzky would still be the best players right now . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  i simply do n't . 
  it 's ridiculous to get into an argument because neither can ever be proven right but if you look at the defenders/strategies/goalies of that era the game was nothing like today . 
  sure gretzky would fit in the roster of any team in today 's nhl but i doubt he 'd be as big of a superstar . 
  i do think though that it is n't fair to compare them head on because of course they would had developed differently had they practiced in this day and age . 
  but now this hypotheticalness is just getting ridiculous . 
  that sounds sweet . 
  the only aquarium i 've been at was the one in boston . 
  that was pretty cool too . 
  10 times cooler high . 
  i do n't care about teams , logos , familiar jerseys etc. 
  the only thing i care about are the players in the nhl . 
  i watch nhl because [ insert a couple hundred names ] play there , not because of the teams that are represented . 
  datsyuk plays both offense and defense effectively though . 
  he 's not just a point making machine , he excels at both ends of the ice . 
  and a lot of the stuff you see him do is simply one of a kind . 
  yeah if you could provide a name that would be greaaat, 
  when i clicked `` recent images '' with my dick in my hand i was n't expecting pics of his kinds playing ds and a dog & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
   i only do this when i do n't have time to roll up a real one, 
  what ? 
  it takes a lot longer to empty a cigarette and fill it up with weed than it takes to roll a j. 
  also i 'd like to point out that it 's much better to fill it up and then change the filter as the cotton on is pretty well stuck and helps with getting the weed nice and dense . 
  what the fuck does it matter ? 
  it playes the exact same games in the exact same way . 
  indeed . 
  my local gamestop had a `` deal '' where you could return your old xbox and get the r2d2 xbox for `` only '' 149 $ . 
  they also had a monopoly on the r2d2 xboxes so basically if you see one in this country you immidiately know the owner 's a bumbass . 
  yeah well of course there 's no denying they were the best of their time but that was never in question . 
  old consoles do n't rrod more than the slim . 
  xenons and zephyrs ( the early models ) did . 
  the falcons and jaspers actually have far less issues than the slim models . 
  they do n't rrod and they do n't share the overheating issues the slim does . 
  besides microsoft has given a lifetime warranty against rrod 's . 
  yeah i admit it 's a pain in the ass to be a week without your xbox but it 's not really that much of an issue as they replace rrod consoles without a question even if they 're 7 years old . 
  i suggest you buy a pack of loose tobacco and papers and roll them up . 
  maybe a 100 or so . 
  even if you do n't smoke and end up throwing the cigarettes in the trash it 's only a $ 5 investment or so , well worth learning to roll properly . 
  i used to use quicksilver . 
  then they updated the spolight to be exactly as fast . 
  i still have quicksilver installed but i simply have n't had a reason to use it in years . 
  cmd + space , type first letter ( s ) of an application , enter . 
  well , yes it is . 
  i ca n't recall the last time i had more than ten apps open and even that is super rare . 
  usually i have two ( firefox + itunes ) . 
  not saying having more would cause significant performance issues ( my macs have 4 and 12 gigs of memory ) , but i still agree that having 18 apps open is a lot . 
  me neither . 
  reflect damage is the only affix in the game that counters a glass cannon build . 
  that 's what it 's supposed to do and it 's very efficent in it . 
  otherwise there would be no downside to glass cannoning . 
  diablo 3 is essentially designed to be played with a party . 
  hence different affixes that are strong against certain builds and weak against others . 
  it makes the game much more interesting . 
  remove any mobs that might kill you and make all drops ilvl 63 . 
  that 's what the community seems to want .
