  just because people stay quiet out of respect does n't mean they are n't thinking about it . 
  i 'd crop it just out of respect for the dead , not because of possible comments someone might post . 
  you do n't see ass pictures at funerals either . 
  does n't mean you should say it either , you have to be somewhere on the autism spectrum to think saying stuff like that is acceptable, 
  where in my post did i in any way indicate that the comment was appropriate ? 
  i 'm arguing that this is n't the best type of picture to post in such a context regardless of whether someone says it out loud or not . 
  there are varying degrees of inappropriateness . 
  i did n't try to suggest that the choice of picture is on the same level as that comment . 
  what is an appropriate pic to post of yourself and what is an appropriate pic to post of someone else right after their death are two very different things . 
  that commentary sounded so fake . 
  the guy realizes `` that 's an ace '' then when the screen reads pentakill he starts screaming `` pentakill !! '', 
  like he just realized that when in fact it was just the ui lagging behind and confirming what he already said . 
  that 's why people started using the term `` edm '' . 
  you do realize this picture is hosted on imgur , right ? 
  what kind of names are precious , gorgeous , graceful and treasure ? 
  well im glad the rifle is of the assault variety otherwise i would n't had been sufficiently spooked, 
  i know most people on this subreddit dont actually post or participate on the actual 4chan website but honestly this is sick . 
  you ( 4chan users ) are fucking freaks , social degenerates and losers that dont fit in to any part of societs so you go on your little site and vent about how normal people are such idiots for working hard and how normal people are conformists . 
  no , you fucking slugs are the conformists , you accept your alientaion from society and instead of making something out of your life you insult the people that do . 
  i also know most of 4chan is satire / koking but honestly the few faggots who are serious please kill your self . 
  kill yourself before you harm someone else , someone who actually is using their life and not wasting it . 
  sick fucks, 
  get out normie, 
  why does players using cocaine mean the nhl has to start testing for it ? 
  it 's not like it 's a performance improving drug . 
  do n't underestimate the amount of backers who had already purchased the game but now feel compelled to throw more money at roberts to prove to him how much they love him despite those meanies saying nasty things . 
   i loved spec ops 's transparent plot choices . 
  it does n't hold your hand like a lot of games would . 
  the moments you 're given decisions work really well because of it . 
  you mean that as in choices the devs made with the plot ? 
  because there are n't really any choices for the player to make . 
  the ending you get is determined by the last 5 minutes of the game and there are n't any branching story arcs . 
  only `` decisions '' are a few npcs you can kill or let live but the decision does n't change anything or even trigger alternative voice lines after the fact . 
  it has a few nice stealth set pieces and gives background to the characters . 
  i recommend it if you liked the game even though it 's not very lenghty . 
   i should have waited for a package deal . 
  if you played it on ps4 it 's included in the game . 
  yeah me too . 
  i played it in launch having only seen some e3 trailer of exploding busses and jumping through windows . 
  i hated the gunplay but i 'm glad i stuck with it for the story . 
  moderator of, 
  / r/denise _ milaninsfw, 
  / r/taylorstevensnsfw, 
  / r/summerbriellensfw, 
  / r/bridgettebnsfw, 
  / r/phoenixmariensfw, 
  / r/maseratixxxnsfw, 
  / r/renathornensfw, 
  / r/loredanachivu, 
  / r/courtneytaylornsfw, 
  / r/sensualjanensfw, 
  / r/needmoarboobsnsfw, 
  / r/monicamonroensfw, 
  / r/zelinamainsfw, 
  / r/amandathompson, 
  / r/monicamasnovinsfw, 
  \u21d0 less, 
  sounds like you live an interesting life, 
  why would you switch the 57 then ? 
  it 's way better than tec-9, 
  meh i do n't see an es nerf coming . 
  if anything it 's little stuff like damage values just like in 6.85, 
  what makes the hero so good is the utility of the fissure and the instant stun of echo . 
  i do n't see either of those things ever being nerfed even if something like fissure or passive damage get readjusted . 
  i 've never heard of a bank fee for using another currency , sounds like your bank is fucking you . 
  but yeah use paypal, 
  what about physically using your card in another country ? 
  you pay a fee for that too ? 
  wow that 's crazy, 
  there 's nothing `` nice '' about the uniform grid pattern, 
  it 's pretty amazing how easy it is to imagine how that looked like in its prime, 
  wait are n't those her 3rd tits ? 
  i thought she quit the business right after the last surgery . 
  what 's this from ? 
  i browse reddit every day and have never seen either . 
  learn how to internet . 
  so a kid did n't die because a teacher went on a power trip . 
  a kid died because he could n't handle the fact that the world is n't always fair and offed himself . 
  i 'm not defending the school 's actions but you ca n't call them responsible for his death . 
  what 's wrong with just tapping it or shaking it ? 
  well tbh you 'd expect a 5k player to know they changed the torrent casting animation like 3 patches ago, 
   today is a good day to be a microsoft fan . 
  no day is a good day to be a fan of any company . 
  always get the product you think is best in a neutral comparison , not the one made by a company you 're a `` fan '' of . 
  i do n't use it myself but literally 90 % + of kids under 25 use it all the time for sending pics of anything . 
  saying `` i would n't want that anyway '' is kind of a shitty excuse as is `` it 's not the manufacturer 's fault , it 's the dev 's fault '' . 
  as an end user i do n't give two shits whose `` fault '' it is , i just want to be able to use whatever communication platform is used by most other people . 
  well he basically killed himself by playing the situation like it was pre-6 .84, 
  yeah i even had the psp, 
  it is . 
  if you go on / r/hockey the general consensus is not to waste time looking for hockey news on espn/espn . com, 
  i think the / s was less about dead game and more about the fact that if you 're new to sc2 you probably did n't play brood war either . 
   popularity is n't related to quality or enjoyment . 
  it kinda hurts your enjoyment when you 're the only one who has n't been playing it for 15 years and there is no matchmaking or anything like that . 
  also i 'm not the least bit surprised that despite their fun little quirks and goofy personalities every person in every story ( including op 's ) was extremely intelligent or `` high-iq '' . 
   if not then she needs to hit the ground running . 
  no one gets a free pass . 
  someone sounds jealous :\\ ^ ), 
  seriously fuck bulldong for giving her free publicity . 
  i had already forgotten about the whole unfortunate incident when this meme loving fuck has to come and encourage all his 15 year old fans to fund helenalive .
