  only reason not to like it imo was `` i 'm not used to it '' . 
  i really wish they put it in the settings as an optional thing . 
  damn i 've never played any transformers games or even seen the tv show but i got ta get this game . 
  platinum rarely disappoints . 
  because i do n't feel like alt-tabbing when they 're talking in-between games, 
  well for one thing it distracts the casters from what they 're supposed to be focusing on when they 're thinking they have to perform for the camera, 
  haha hilarious meme please keep it up, 
  then maybe you should have more than one moderator, 
  it 's an old as fuck copypasta http://i.imgur.com/m0jpncc.png, 
  your comment is the most immature one in this thread to be honest . 
  yeah but why would you not rehost it to imgur before posting when it takes literally two clicks ? 
  linking to webarchive when it 's just a single image makes no sense . 
   people, 
  everyone else in the thread understood him perfectly . 
  you 're the only one complaining about his syntax and sentence construction while all the other comments focused on the point he was trying to make . 
  it loads a lot slower than imgur does . 
   i 've seen a person in a wheelchair use one effectively , so there 's no excuse . 
  if you live in a city there 's rarely enough room to use one of those things . 
  not that you ca n't still go for a jog but those ball launchers require a lot of space . 
  you ca n't fit a round thing into a square hole either so i do n't see how that 's supposed to help, 
  wow amazing shitpost great job op, 
   even native, 
  you do realize exaggerations like this only make the whole compliment seem insincere ? 
  i did n't even know this was coming . 
  now i 'm kinda glad i never got too far on my second playthrough some time ago so i can play it again with all the additional stuff . 
  actually the first two seasons of family guy and especially the first one are pretty shitty . 
  the show got cancelled twice because of them and even as a long time fan of the show it 's easy to see why . 
  somewhere around seasons 3-6 was the golden age of family guy . 
   `` you know what you should do ? 
  fuck the western market all together . 
  but the thing is it 's not really `` fuck the western market '' . 
  they still export and localize pretty much anything noteworthy here . 
  it 's more like `` fuck our western sales '' because as an average customer you 're not the one suffering from these policies . 
  the publisher is the one that suffers the most . 
  that 's why it 's so bizarre . 
   and it works . 
  you can argue against it in the western markets , where this sort of cultural aspect is largely absent , but things you are talking about are typically specifically focused at japanese market instead . 
  yeah but japan has a population of 120 million compared to the roughly 1.8 billion of the western world . 
  in this day and age it seems silly to prioritize the domestic market so heavily when the platforms the games are played on are the same worldwide . 
   because you want to time the access for majority of audience to maximize the impact . 
  reason is largely the same as the reason for things like review embargoes . 
  this . 
  i 'm not saying their thinking is 100 % working but the logic behind it is that if the trailers and other promotional media would be displayed in western countries before the game itself is available in western countries it would be a waste . 
  they want to go ahead with the localization and publisher deals etc. 
  and set a release date in eu/na and only then start pumping out the trailers . 
  this way things like online video game `` magazines '' and message boards etc. 
  only start hyping the game right before release to maximize the impact on sales . 
  had they shown the same trailer a year before it would generate less views or not get even its separate news story and companies do n't want to rely on consumers having long memories . 
  a lot of people do this . 
  i do n't myself but i know it 's actually a fairly common occurance especially for shorter single player focused games to just watch a streamer of their choice complete it the day of the launch . 
  do n't underestimate the amount of people who play games just for the story . 
  you can stream gta5 with the music on on twitch at least . 
  lirik for example ( last time i checked the twitch streamer with most subs ) kept the music turned on in gta5 . 
  apparently the finnish title translates to `` boys on the corner are n't a threat to society '' . 
  damn that 's catchy . 
  e. it seems imdb cut half the title off . 
  it was actually called [ `` boys on the corner are n't a threat to society on a hot summer day in south central '' ] ( https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/kulman_kundit_eiv%c3%a4t_ole_uhka_yhteiskunnalle_kuumana_kes%c3%a4p%c3%a4iv%c3%a4n%c3%a4_south_centralissa ), 
  star citizen has the most cancerous fanbase in existence . 
  i 've bought the game as well and subsribe to the subreddit but i 'd seriously advice anyone interested in it to never visit the comment section . 
  and the official forums are ten times worse . 
  constant witch hunts of any online personality or website or even a forum member that dares to bring up anything that is n't 100 % positive or has the audacity to question the methods of chris roberts . 
  yeah and to be honest it was bit of a bullshit move in the first place to charge backers addtional money for these tiny demos . 
  wait how is it early access ? 
  or are you just referring to the arena commander demo ? 
  to me it does n't feel like p2w because the definition of `` winning '' is so vague in this game . 
  it 's not an arena deathmatch where everyone goes against each other and the one with the best ship has an edge over the others . 
  it 's an mmo with the focus on economy and player alliances . 
  if your definition of `` winning '' is having the biggest ship around then yes by giving money to the development before launch does give you a better starting ship . 
  the ability to buy ships with real money will be phased out once the game actually launches . 
  to me personally in games like these it 's more about the journey than the destination , so i 'm glad to start with the most basic starter level ship ( aurora ) and have no intensions or even desire to get a better starting ship . 
  all the ships are fully customizable and purchasable with in-game loot and unless they 've recently changed their opinion the ships are not only salvageable but up for capture . 
  so you can break into that huge ship someone paid $ 500 for and steal it for your own use once you 've managed to overpower the crew without them triggering the self destruct . 
  also keep in mind that big ships require a crew of multiple people so if you just have money but do n't have any friends and are generally a dick to work with your big ship will be completely useless in combat . 
  preordering a game that has a demo out . 
  i wish i was exaggerating . 
  even dayz and dota have sane and pleasant communities compared to sc . 
  of course every game has asshole fans . 
  it 's just that some games have more than others . 
  and a system which allows people to invest thousands of dollars into a game they have n't even played yet is bound to attract unpleasant personalities and attitudes in the community . 
  it 's nobody 's fault , it 's just how a game with this funding model works . 
  just last week newegg pr team shared an article on facebook by another website . 
  the article was basically `` star citizen faces criticism for mismanagement of funds '' and contained little else but three further links . 
  two being articles by yet another website making these claims and the third being the official response by cgi and chris roberts . 
  how did the sub react ? 
  by upvoting `` boycott newegg '' to the top of the subreddit . 
   kantai collection is an excellent example of the heavy demand this audience represents, 
  not really . 
  i had to google kantai collection to even figure out what it was and it seems like it 's some f2p web browser game . 
  you 're thinking way too obscure . 
  you 're thinking of stuff weeaboos play and obsess over . 
  you 're forgetting that japanese game companies make tons of games that are considered mainstream in the western world even if they are released in japan sometimes years before the west . 
  something like final fantasy or nintendo games are a better example of the `` heavy demand '' i 'm talking about . 
  even these companies have policies we find odd in the west like the restrictions on youtube or streaming that hurt their marketing and thus their sales . 
  what you said about per capita exposable income etc. 
  is definitely true , but we 're comparing a market that 's roughly 15 times larger . 
  in the age of digital distribution additional customers rarely ramp up the costs for the publisher but allows for tons of income even with a smaller profit margin per customer . 
  the dota2 subreddit is much more civilized and more importantly full of healthy criticism than the star citizen one . 
  just looking at it now the [ top post of today ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dota2/comments/3oo10k/two_can_play_at_that_game_%e3%83%84/ ) is one encouraging people not to give any more money to valve until they change their policies . 
  such a post would never get upvoted on / r/starcitizen . 
   loyal yes .
