  not that many have kids in the first place . 
  this kid obviously already has a fucked up view of `` drug users '' . 
  yes beating him up would probably give him an ever worse image of marijuana ** users ** but at least he 'd learn a lesson about snitching . 
  in the end i 'd say it 's better than not doing anything about it . 
  of course not, 
  in cultural terms australia and america are extremely close though . 
  at least to us outsiders . 
  if you ask an australian i doubt he 'd agree . 
  search for `` ice bong '' on youtube . 
  i remember there being how-to videos . 
  ca n't search myself right now either . 
  point taken, 
  / r/f7u12 is the first subreddit ( besides r/pics ) that i read . 
  it 's pretty much the reason i became a redditor . 
  it just feels wrong to unsubscribe even though the content is just . . bad . 
  e. i guess i 've been tolerating them because only 1/50 or so of my front page is from f7u12 . 
  i just went to the actual subreddit and read the top 5 submissions . 
  she does hardcore !? 
  thank god for internet . 
  attempted fraud ? 
  yeah me too . 
  it 's funny because up until black ops i had hated the treyarch cod 's ( cod3 , waw ), 
  even with the goddamn music and level up sounds headphones are still a huge advantage . 
  holy shit that is . . stupid . 
  happens every time i see one of these cum box posts, 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  i mean i admit to having seen a dozen or so episodes but it 's not like i 'm a huge fan or discuss it on reddit . 
  oh wait it was probably that `` news '' thread about pauly d 's salary . 
  have n't seen any oc cum boxes on reddit before but it 's pretty much a classic on 4chan etc. 
  any news articles . 
  i dare you . 
  have you actually tried waw 's co-op campaign ? 
  like 60 % of the screen was black . 
  points for effort , but . . 
  they should n't `` compensate '' if you fail to make the minimum wage . 
  they should always pay you ( at least ) the minimum wage regardless of tips and tips are just extra reward for especially good service . 
  like it is in europe . 
  oh yeah america and their mystery taxes . 
  first time i was in u.s ( 7-8 years old ) i had something like 3 dollars and i went into a candy story super exited because it was full of candy i had never tasted . 
  i counted up exactly $ 3 worth of candy and went to the counter with the three bills in my hand only to find out that for some reason $ 3 is n't $ 3 and the register lady was yelling to me in a foreign language . 
  i dropped the candy and ran . 
  do n't go there again ? 
  oh god it 's been well over a year i last saw it but now that i read your comment i can remembery every horrible detail, 
  i just want to know if that `` exclusive deadly force burst '' pre-order bullshit is something unlocked to all players at a certain level or simply a legal cheat for anyone willing to shed more cash . 
  same here . 
  commander keen was the shit . 
  i 'm 21 and i played with dos games for more than 2 years which is our age difference . 
  and yes you are ignorant if you do n't know how to use a record player . 
  i honestly did not notice they were black before reading your comment . 
  i thought the father was maybe a bit italian or something . 
  it 's surprisingly hard to tell from a b/w photo . 
  i play a lot . 
  the reason i had to get this new controller is because all my old controllers have worn out . 
  you may have a point but even then the damage will only be cosmetical so i 'm not too worried . 
  i 'm glad i avoided the draft . 
  this is the kind of booty i 'll be tapping while you 're out in foxholes trying to survive and maybe experiementing with sarge because you 're just so lonely . 
  is n't there already a separate app called `` angry birds seasons '' or something that gets new maps at christmas , halloween , easter etc. 
  that should count at least as angry birds 1.5, 
  why was [ this ] ( http://www.freakingnews.com/pictures/36000/rachel-bilson-and-chuck-norris-36051.jpg ) one of the first results on google images ? 
  personally i think people we n't a little overboard with the whole anti-racism thing . 
  i think mw3 already felt like that . 
  the storyline was just as incostistent but at least they aknowleged that and did n't even try to keep it `` believable '' . 
  the result was extremely enjoyable , there were no missions as remembable as cod4 's chernobyl missions for example but it sure as hell did n't get stale with all the different vehicles , guns , etc. 
  he probably is . 
  i 'll still buy it . 
  no sane person would call cod3 the best cod , no matter which game mode you 're comparing . 
  cod 1 & 2 alone trump the shit out of cod 3 . 
  i do n't think it looks good enough to be honest . 
  it looks absolutely terrible ( in this trailer ) for an xbox360 game . 
  everything is blocky , textures remind me of the 90s . 
  however graphics rarely ruin a really good game . 
  i 'm definitely interested . 
   a tease for a black ops 2 set in the 70 's ( guess they never did that ), 
  remember the `` cod iron wolf '' thing that leaked almost a year ago ? 
  that was probably it . 
  glad they scrubbed the idea and went for this instead . 
  you 're right not to have confidence in iw as the current `` iw '' has nothing to do with the team that created cod , 2 and mw . 
  around the time of mw2 release they got sick of activision/activision got sick of them and almost all of them left/got fired . 
  but the name iw sells well so activision just reassigned other game developers under the name of iw and kept pumping out cods . 
  mw3 has absolutely nothing to do with iw . 
  bottom row ? 
  only 1 shirt is on the bottom row ( and it wo n't go up no matter how wide i stretch the window ) and it 's not white . 
  upvoting interesting pictures ! = cheer and applaud . 
  i also subscribe to historyporn and upvote images from the holocaust . 
  does that mean i celebrate the holocaust ? 
  i see all these whiny comments about celebrating , cheering or applauding the death of a human beign but i 'm yet to see posts celebrating , cheering or applauding his death . 
  maybe because pounds are just as easy ( at least over 1lb ) . 
  there is no `` 12 inches is one foot and three feet is one yard '' it 's just simple base 10 . 
  no you would n't . 
  you would get angry but did n't have the guts to do anything about it . 
  then you 'd come on reddit and make a rage comic about the witty comeback/pwn you never came up with . 
  yeah . 
  even though i 'm european i 've watched enough sports and tv to have developed a dual understanding so to say . 
  meaning i do n't convert lenghts or weights , i understand both standards . 
  mph is one i always convert though . 
  greater distances more often as well . 
  i know exactly how tall 6 ' 2 '' is but ( for me ) 200 metres is much easier to comprehend than 600 feet . 
  so you think dogs with lesser intelligence should be put to death or what 's the logic here ? 
  never been to ihop but that omelette op posted looks great .
