  it 's like the defenders are constantly surprised forwards actually have speed and momentum this year . 
  every single attack in every single game seems like they 're surprised and never get up any speed before it 's too late . 
  hmm . 
  it 's true that potatoes are n't eaten worldwide as much as where i live , here they are the most basic carb in a meal ( though pasta has replaced them in recent decades ) . 
  so let me help you out : to cook a potato you boil water , put potatoes in , wait 15 minutes , poke them with a fork every now and then until the fork easily slides in and that 's when you know they are ready . 
  even if you forget them in the water for an hour they 're perfectly edible though , the texture is just not as nice . 
  it 's pretty much impossible to burn them or otherwise fail unless you forget them in the pot long enough for all the water to evaporate . 
  baked potatoes are almost as easy . 
  you wrap them in a foil and put them in the oven for 45-60 minutes until they 're done ( the above method for checking works ) . 
  the only difference is in the oven it is possible to burn them . 
  sad thing is incontrol has still probably earned more money than him . 
  around 0 $ of those is prize money though so it does n't `` count '' on that list . 
  stephano has stated on multiple occasions his goal as a pro games is to earn enough money to buy his own apartment and then go to college . 
  he 's not doing this to earn the title of the best starcraft 2 player ever , he 's doing this for financial stability . 
  why is everyone talking about a barcode `` account '' ? 
  my account name has absolutely nothing to do with my nickname in the game . 
  i 've had multiple friends change their names along the road . 
  you could barcode to gm and then change it into your real nickname . 
  e. it 'd be nice if someone took the time to tell me why i 'm wrong instead of just downvoting, 
  i fell asleep at 6am ( between finals 1 & 2 ) but i did so without turning off my computer/closing the stream !, 
  yay me !, 
  yeah and [ any sport other than soccer ] is dead because the world cup of football ( soccer ) gets more viewers than any other sporting event . 
  right ? 
   study, 
  he 's a student . 
  students have loads of free time , even if you do go to all the jerk-off lessons one does n't actually need to go to . 
  even more if you choose when to participate . 
  24hr gyms are the shit . 
  i got this very feeling yesterday so i worked out at 3am . 
  came home around 4:30 , cooked `` dinner '' and went to bed at 5:30 . 
  just woke up ( 16:15 ) feeling great because of the exercise . 
  not necessary on xbox either though j-tags might be a tad illegal (  2012  laws ), 
  they 're cheap as fuck . 
  i had one for pirated games , one for legit games , one i bought for my neighbour so we could play nhl there as well . 
  one i got `` broken '' and changed the fans , it serves as a backup system link console if needed . 
  actually turned out getting a second xbox for legit games so i would n't have to worry about bans on online games was n't even necessary . 
  the flashed console worked great online , i got all the game updates and could even play games online . 
  then a firmware update made it unable to play any pirated games released after 2011 or so . 
  regular games still work perfectly so i `` borrowed '' ( gave it ) to a friend . 
  the average price of these consoles was ~ 100 $ , all jaspers ( newest version of the non-slim ) . 
  that does n't sound very healthy, 
  so bad casters should n't be criticized because ... womyn ? 
  if you 're playing in a party then by default you 're using the party chat and everyone else is muted . 
  has been this way for every cod since cod 3 . 
  not sure about playstation but that 's what you get for playing on a playstation . 
   can we please stop buying games that are :, 
   a ) made by ea, 
  most games i buy are either developed or published by ea . 
  they ` be all been great or at least good games . 
  i do n't see any reason to boycott ea . 
  maybe if you just stop preordering shit and getting your information from advertisements you 'll be fine . 
   i remember when moh was the best shooter franchise out, 
  that never happened . 
  half-life and counter-strike came out before the first moh , unreal and quake too . 
  battlefield and call of duty briefly later . 
   it maximizes your browser window like it would on a pc to take up all the screen real estate . 
  a regular click of the maximize without holding shift only maximizes length wise . 
  no it does n't . 
  at least with firefox ( the only app i ever use resizing with ) . 
  the `` regular '' click and shift-click do the exact same thing . 
  so this entire thread is actually about chrome 's inability to handle os x 's commands rather than a flaw in os x itself ? 
  well , it 's still nice to know there 's a work-around . 
  how is it even legal to have 80 + hours scheduled for a week ? 
  or is it a not so official schedule ? 
  or is there simply no problem whatsoever with something like this in the land of opportunity ? 
  notch is more of a visionary than a programmer . 
  but even if the `` code was messy '' i still would n't call anyone who created such an addicting and successful game a bad programmer . 
  even if what 's happening under the hood is badly optimized . 
  three stars is n't 3/4 anymore . 
  it used to be back when it was created but these days the ratio is a secret . 
  it 's not 3/4 though . 
  http://vimeo.com/14971164 here 's a longer 3 minute video from the pool . 
  yeah to be honest i have n't played the game since the added the xp and the enchants and the dragons and whatnot . 
  i thought the game was pretty much complete at that point and if something it needed more mobs and blocks instead of all these rpg elements . 
  i just subscribe to see all the craze buildings people create :p, 
  actually the rest of the world cared about janet jackson for about 12 hours so it was n't really that global of a phenomenon . 
  of course the show up everywhere , but western nations are n't about to enforce a ban on porn sites . 
  that 's the point of the article . 
  this reminds me of how 99 % the newspapers where i live ( finland ) these days try to be `` politically correct '' while giving out descriptions of a suspect . 
  `` the man was wearing a black coat and jeans '' . 
  two days later he 's caught and his picture is posted and he turns out to be black . 
  yeah that tiny detail could n't have helped anyone identify him . 
  especially when they never forget to mention if the assailant is white . 
  why are you drunk `` every . 
  day . 
  yeah i ca n't really relate to this either . 
  drunk is like the only time i really do n't give a shit about `` turning my life around '' or future or anything that takes place further away than the next beverage or french fry . 
  you confused america with the world . 
  not that every other place is perfect but those two issues are very american . 
  you 're not supposed to shave it clean like a baby 's butt . 
  try using a trimmer like the one on an electric razor . 
  it cuts the hair approx 1mm short so there 's no bush but none of the uncomfortableness either . 
  it actually feels ten times better than having a bush , though i have n't really grown a real bush since i was 15 or so . 
  yeah but then all the liberal-leftist-feminist-communist politicans and activists would accuse the newspaper of being racist . 
  i know bashing liberals is n't really that popular in reddit but assuming you 're american you have no clue about our liberals . 
  the democratic party of the u.s is way more `` right-winged '' than our equivelant of the republicans . 
  now try to imagine how our liberal parties are . 
  exactly . 
  it was the americans ' reaction that made headlines , not the boob . 
  you know you 're on reddit when having a girlfriend is as likely as a personal butler and multiple ferraris .
