  only thing i can think of is the pistol meta moving from cz to tec-9 and five-seven which both hold a lot of ammo capable of one-shot kills so having 120 ammo for your primary weapon is n't that important anymore . 
  but i 'm just guessing . 
  i personally have used m4a1 since it 's release . 
  i have voice_enable 0 permanently and only play 5 stack with people smart enough to keep their mouth shut :\\ ^ ), 
  i do n't know who you play with but i ca n't recall the last time a teammate of mine flashed near anyone else and did n't call it out beforehand . 
   scroll for weapon swap, 
  the point is that this one individual working for wal-mart did n't recognize the isis flag . 
  fashion souls all day erry day except if i 'm doing a sl __ run . 
  then it 's try hard pants and optimization . 
  if you 're playing on a console it 's way worse than any of the other areas , even if there are more difficult areas in the game . 
  run to the guy on the right , turn back when he pulls his sword , dodge 1 arrow , guy runs off the roof every time , run around the corner between arrows . 
  yeah it can drop to like 10 and that 's not even the worst part , it 's how the framerate fluctuates constantly . 
  all i wanted out of the first 3 ac games ( and the 2 1/2 ) was to stop bringing up desmond and let me just play as whoever i was playing . 
  those forced modern day chapters felt so out of place i have no clue how they ever got to the finished version of the game . 
  i feel like having to deal with rinaldo in your team is in itself too big of a price, 
  not worth it . 
  i got the tlou remake for ps4 since i never owned a ps3 and read all the hype but it 's just another zombie game . 
  the story and single player campaign was fun for a few hours but then they started introducing zombies that rushed you and i lost all interest . 
  i 've tried to go back twice only to turn it off 15 minutes later . 
  really a shame since i 've been a lifelong fan of naughty dog . 
  the multiplayer is surprisingly decent and it actually feels more like what the initial announcement was but nobody plays it which is a shame . 
  it 's humans fighting other humans in a post-apocalyptic world for supplies and survival and there 's no fucking zombies simply for the sake of having zombies since everybody else is doing zombies . 
  ac2 was my favourite of the series but i still remember the total loss of immersion it caused when i had been ezio auditore for the past 12 hours jumping on the rooftops of firenze and absolutely loving it when suddenly out of nowhere there 's a cutscene and some guy i had completely forgotten about starts talking about his problems with some hacker chick i had never seen and did n't care about . 
  the whole thing felt like carryover from ac1 that was totally unnecessary but the devs had demanded they wo n't make a game without it or something . 
  it only hurt the narrative imo as the story of ezio in itself would 've been much stronger than the story of desmond as ezio . 
  but to be fair ac1 was more of a curiosity than a succesful game . 
  people did n't hate it , but it got mediocre reviews and some limited commercial success mostly for its art style . 
  they could 've called ac2 ezio auditore 's whacky assasinating adventure and drop the whole `` core story '' and it would 've sold just as well as it did . 
  ac2 was the game that made the series a blockbuster , not the first one . 
  it was 0 on launch in 2012 and people absolutely hated it . 
  it did n't feel like counter-strike . 
  people demanded valve bring viewpunch back , and they did . 
  frankly i like it a lot more this way and i 'm even playing on a 60hz monitor . 
  no stutter though . 
  if you have trouble getting out of silver then the problem is not your computer . 
  i have a friend who 's a global elite and ca n't keep a solid 60fps on his old computer with shitty resolution . 
  console commands that give you a clear advantage is the last thing csgo needs . 
  seeing as how viewpunch has been in cs since beta and it was only removed for that terrible hidden path csgo before valve took over the development i think it 's you who has the shitty opinion . 
   recently, 
  this change was done in late 2012, 
  yeah they 're monetized , why not ? 
  does n't make it any less of a hobby . 
  he 's a lawyer in real life and that 's his primary source of income . 
  which is why he often goes for weeks without a single video if he 's busy because even if he makes ad revenue it is still a hobby . 
  well he claimed to have played for 2 weeks before making the vid and that he emptied his inventory to show the `` first night '' sort of experience for new players but yeah the dino part felt kinda odd . 
  he was lvl 65 and i remember seeing people on twitch with tamed dinos on the day of the release with like lvl ~ 20 characters . 
  people do n't generally watch frankie 's videos because he 's good . 
  they watch them because they are entertaining . 
  i admit to watching his videos but i have n't even looked at the csgo videos because i know he probably is n't good at it and certainly is n't in a position to give me advice and csgo is a game that 's rarely very entertaining to watch unless the players are super good . 
  where as something like a dayz/rust/any survival game roleplay video can be entertaining as hell even if he sucks at the game . 
  well they do n't . 
  what is there in csgo ? 
  rate ? 
  that does n't even make a difference on official mm servers anymore . 
  the interp settings recommended everywhere are the defaults as well . 
  maybe viewmodel ? 
  but that 's a far cry from eliminating viewpunch . 
   the person i 'm responding to apparently likes his character model having a seizure every time he holds down m1 . 
  so i suggested leaving it as an option . 
  i like it too even though i realize it 's disadvantageous . 
  not everything needs to be made as easy as possible . 
  if it was an option of course i would n't use it because it 'd be like shooting myself in the foot but i 'd rather everybody have it than nobody have it . 
  no he 's been working full-time for the past 6 months or a year or so , he mentioned it in some bf4 videos . 
  oh i thought we hated big evil corporations . 
  was n't ea voted the worst company in america ? 
  now breaking big evil corporation nda 's is considered a `` scum '' move ? 
   i mean there i are a million channels out there that are exactly the same as his . 
  no there are n't . 
  there are a million channels that try to be the same . 
  i 'd assume the man can afford more than one steam account, 
  oh i did n't mean it as the mp is empty . 
  you definitely find a game when you go online . 
  i meant nobody in my extensive friends list plays it . 
  i find solo queuing for online shooters to be extremely boring . 
  well primary might 've been the wrong choice of words because i was n't really commenting on the amount of money ( i have no clue as to his salary or his youtube earnings ) but he 's made it very clear he 's lawyer job is his priority # 1 and is n't afraid to go 3-4 weeks without making a video if he has busy work schedule in real life . 
  i have n't really added anyone from any ps4 game since nobody seems to talk with mics to strangers . 
  i have like 50 friends on my ps4 list and ~ 45 of those are people i knew before i got my ps4 . 
  because he 's a hugely popular youtube personality that 's recently gotten into csgo and is likely to bring a part of his fanbase to play the game as well so what he does and teaches in his videos is likely to determine their attitudes towards the game . 
  also because the cs community has always loved hackusations . 
  well the two games are very different . 
  also his dayz hack accusations ( at least the ones i 've seen ) were basically `` there 's this weird line in the hud that also shows up with this one hack '' . 
  people who played with him do say he was unkillable even with direct hits and he does have a tendency of surviving the most ridiculous situations but it is n't balatantly clear like this csgo video is . 
  anyone with 100 hours in the game can see that 's a bunnyhop script . 
  there is a replay that clearly shows the puck bouncing over the stick . 
  did you only watch the first 30 seconds before writing this comment ? 
  i was sure the pic was going to have some sort of `` quit your bullshit '' thing at the end but apparently this circlejerky shit does really get upvoted to the frontpage . 
  yeah super sketchy that your mouse briefly goes over a spot where there will be a player every round and you know to aim in the spot where the ct is most likely to peek . 
  also seeing as how it 's 8-0 and the guy is still using a scout he 's probably been jump scouting the entire game which makes it an even easier guess . 
  that looks like it 'd be a pain in the ass to suck the hit from, 
   because something existed for a long time does n't mean it 's good . 
  that 's true , but trying the game without it ( i actually played the broken mess that was csgo at launch ) and then again with it the game certainly feels a lot better with viewpunch . 
  whether or not gradual decrease would be good i have no opinion as the viewpunch does n't bother me at all and i have n't experiemented with the setting offline but i 'm against both removing it and having it be a user specific setting . 
  i would say it 's actually more common the lower rank you are as gold novas etc tend to have a much higher sensitivity on average, 
  because csgo ( the game developed by hidden path entertainment ) was originally a 20 $ console game ( xbox arcade , psn ) of a once succesful franchise that also got a pc port . 
  valve fired hidden path entertainment pretty much right after launch and has since turned the game into a respectable pc shooter with major overhauls to the fundamentals like weapon handling and movement but there 's still a lot of significant flaws that have n't been fixed . 
  the microtransaction update was released a year after csgo , that first year was basically valve undoing hidden path 's fuckups . 
  sounds like some sort of issue with the port or your computer or something because chasm of the abyss did n't suffer from any fps drops on the 360 . 
   if they were all slow you 'd probably complain they were n't fast enough . 
  no i would n't . 
  they could remove all the zombies in the game and i 'd say nothing but positive things .
