  though i wonder how well emails and faxes work on a vertical display like that . 
  also there 's something strange going on with the ratios `` 4.5 in \u00d7 1.4 in ( 114 mm \u00d7 36 mm ) , 160px x 293px '' it would seem that the pixels are not square . 
  none at all . 
  the reality is everyone does n't behave like me so i do n't bother myself with hypothetical ethical questions . 
  i do n't feel that i `` owe '' it to humanity as a whole or feel obligated anyone to be a productive member of society . 
  i would like to come up with a way to exclude my parents from the equation as them i actually do care about and do n't want them to have additional burdens even if they can afford it . 
  my `` debt '' to the rest of the world does n't bother me slightest . 
   treatment takes a few weeks to have effect, 
  that sounds like pills . 
  i 'd rather be depressed than take depression medication and feel happy because a pill made me feel happy . 
  what 's the point of life if you ca n't even trust your own emotions ? 
  true . 
  i 've owned about a dozen different nokia phones myself . 
  on my own computer ? 
  hell no . 
  no they do n't . 
  ever think that maybe the title `` weirdo '' was a joke after he saw the post/knew he was going to post on reddit ? 
  the reaction looks way too quick to be to a jumbotron . 
  i wish that was the case but i 'll have to go with burp . 
  i think it 's because it 's not a headline you 'd expect to see in a real newspaper . 
  even though i agree with him it does hae an `` oniony '' vibe . 
  is that a mcdonalds ? 
  there 's a megapack of ( nearly ? ), 
  everything she 's ever done on empo, 
  you need an account ( no invite though ) and if you have an account you know how to use the search . 
  i 'd like it more if when you `` faced elimination '' you could choose to exit the show with the baby or get the abortion along with a `` second chance '' in the house . 
  would make for some good drama . 
  at first i thought they were gathered around some street performance or something but after examining the scene for about a minute i figured they were all really just waiting for the bus . 
   i think allowing it to go through would also have future implications for new maps . 
  yes it would . 
  it would mean that valve would actually have to test the maps and not just grab some half-finished workshop maps and include them in the game . 
  nevertheless into the pro scene . 
  `` breaking '' these maps is a good thing . 
  it shows the need for more quality control . 
  as should be new maps in cs . 
  overpass was forced into the pro scene half-ready . 
  then they did a major overhaul on the fly when they realized the map sucked . 
  well it still sucks but apparently valve is desperate to force these shitty workshop maps into circulation because it saves them development and testing time . 
  maybe if valve were n't such cash grabbing pieces of shit they could use some of the millions they make with skins & stickers to hire playtesters and actually develop their own maps instead of outsourcing it to workshop with no real quality control . 
  csgo is making them tons of money and the dev team is still 4 or 5 people . 
  it 's a dirty trick , but people should be mad at valve , not fnatic . 
  and i hated fnatic already so definitely not a fanboy . 
  who thinks glock is bad ? 
  yeah let 's ban a game mechanic that 's been a crucial part of the game for 15 years because some casual viewer might find it `` ridiculous looking '' . 
  now that 's just a lie . 
  the cs : go scene has always been very unprofessional , it just took a while for the shit to hit the fan ( vac was basically the only anti-cheat measure at events for a year until two weeks ago people realized maybe it is n't enough ), 
  yes it is . 
  cs 1.6 scene was organized professionally . 
  years passed and the scene gradually kinda `` died '' or just withered away . 
  events became smaller and less and less professional . 
  it was more of a passion project for many . 
  with the release of cs : go ( and tuning it for a year until it was playable ) the scene suddenly exploded again . 
  every tournament bigger than the previous and breaking viewership records . 
  problem became the event organizers are still largely the same as were in the latter years of 1.6 . 
  they were n't prepared to host these huge events . 
  there 's always issues and delays and situations where nobody knows what 's going on or who 's in charge or communicates it towards the viewers . 
  compared to the starcraft scene which i 'm most familiar with ( along with 1.6 / go ) it 's extremely amateurish . 
  but now that csgo is growing so rapidly it 's pretty safe to assume they 'll step up the production as well . 
  i 'm not saying there 's an identical boosting situation at every event . 
  i 'm saying the way this issue is handled is akin to many previous events that have had their own share of issues . 
  people are n't saying dh staff is biased because they listen to both sides of the argument . 
  people are saying dh staff is biased because they have a history of being biased towards swedish teams . 
  `` using a glitch is not allowed only if you gain a definite advantage by it '' is a shitty rule to have though . 
  why would they do that when the `` bug '' used by ldlc referenced in the tweet happened way before that ? 
  i 'm not the judge . 
  i did n't make the call . 
  i 'm just saying that based on the tweet it 's clear it wo n't be played from 12-3 . 
  well you should n't do anything `` color sensitive '' with f.lux turned on . 
   how is n't that how it works ? 
  unless you brought with you a running track from the 21st century and all the other lanes were contemporary technology that 's not how it works . 
  also footwear . 
  both make a tremendous difference . 
   oh , corey chase , you so silly . 
  she has played the oblivious mother of a daughter fucking her brother , fucking her father ; she 's played the mother fucking her son , a mother fucking her brother , a sister fucking her brother to become a mother , etc. . . 
  yeah and the thing is it 's always the same guy ( her husband ) playing the role of either her son or father . 
  why not ? 
  i do n't live in the u.s. and sporting goods stores often have a hunting equipment section with rifles and shotguns on the walls . 
  wal-mart often has a sport equipment section and a hunting section within it so seems logical they 'd sell guns . 
  itt people who do n't live where it snows, 
  this kind of formation is actually very common, 
  electric blankets scare the shit out of me . 
  and i live near the arctic circle . 
  mirror ? 
  everyone is talking about this other guy i do n't see a link anywhere in the thread . 
  e. is it this one ? 
  what about the psn version ? 
  can i download that if i live outside france/germany/italy / spain but still in europe ? 
  the previous assassin 's creed games had great architechture too . 
  i actually happened to spend some time in firenze by coincidence the year ac2 game out and was amazed all the buildings actually had those little crooks and holes and metal thingies to hang from etc. 
  that i thought they just added to the game to make the city more climbable . 
  it 's been gathering jpeg for the last decade, 
  yeah pretty much, 
  yeah i visited a museum about him ( and other artic explorers ) once . 
  there was some real cool shit without the cracked style humor . 
  like a bunch of his original gear , makes you appreciate how much harder everything was back then . 
  yeah definitely but it 's not the worst problem to have, 
  maybe my experience with american pizza is just lacking then . 
  i found it very difficult to get non-pan pizza and when i did find some it was `` fancy '' italian style with a very thin crust and only one or two toppings . 
  what i call `` restaurant pizza '' . 
  it 's also fake as fuck .
