  if the onion ran this story word for word people would complain how it 's too obvious and trying too hard . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was a joke in a `` this is the sort of thing you expect to hear from a 9th grader '' sort of way . 
  he jumped, 
  i wish, 
  nhl does n't want to risk the huge market that is la, 
  i bought 8 gigs of ram for like 40 $ in 2011, 
  there is absolutely no reason not to have 8gb of ram in 2015 . 
  you americans have strange taste, 
  yeah but that 's one ship exploding in the middle of nothing . 
  not a dozen ships in a firefight with some exploding in the midst of it . 
  yeah i 've never seen the issue with delaying games . 
  i 'd gladly wait 3 more years to play something than be disappointed with an unfinished mess . 
  that being said i am skeptical of how much of the promised content will ever be in the game and how the execution ties together no matter how much time they get . 
  it was a good video so who cares ? 
  for me it was an instant `` that ca n't become a circle , right ? '', 
  followed by `` yeah i was right it 's just some dumb zigzag shape '' before `` holy shit '', 
  don cherry would complain how he took the time to set up the puck instead of an instant release . 
  as someone who grew up watching hockey on a small sd crt tv the issue of `` not being able to see the puck '' never crossed my mind until much later on when i read about the foxtrax glow puck . 
  you just get used to it i guess . 
  knowing where to expect it to go does of course help . 
  i know . 
  i 'm just saying that `` this is running on current gen hardware '' does n't really mean anything in this instance . 
  what exactly is garbage about it ? 
  you click the link , the video starts playing instantly . 
  i do n't see a difference to youtube or any other video hosting site . 
  i thought it was absolutely hideous but to each his own i guess . 
  right click -  show controls, 
  it 's not really a jpg . 
  filename extensions in urls do n't really tell you the real format of the file , whoever 's hosting it can alter it freely . 
  it 's just polite not to fuck with it . 
  `` do n't support or defend the creep '', 
  but nobody wants to subscribe to creepypms because that sub is cancerous as fuck, 
  i like pussies too but when they shove those gynecologist devices up there to show you that it indeed is pink on the inside i do n't consider that sight to be the least bit sexy . 
  crack cocaine ? 
  i got banned for posting `` maybe it was a genuine question ? '' . 
  creep defending . 
  we have log cabin culture here too , just not with obnoxiously bright lighting , stone floors and excessive amounts of shining wood absolutely everywhere . 
  stop using shitty adobe flash and switch to chrome . 
  i 've never had flash crash since i stopped using firefox . 
  this is a problem on your end , not with dailymotion . 
   it is just as much her marrying you as you marrying her . 
  except she can choose between marrying you or raising the kid alone with your money . 
  you get to choose between marrying her or paying for a kid you 'll rarely ever see . 
  you mean how you just assumed i 'm american ? 
  yeah of course there is , but you 're either naive or uninformed if you think a woman ca n't fight it succesfully if they choose to . 
  equal custody pretty much only happens when the woman allows it to . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  they have more options and control of the situation . 
  basically every western country in the world has some form of child support system in effect . 
  yeah but you 're not getting the point which is that at any point she can say `` i want you to marry me or i 'm taking the baby '' and then you 're shit out of luck . 
  you ca n't fight a mother in court for custody unless she has something like a documented drug problem or violent offenses and even then you 're lucky to get anything more than weekends . 
  well the story they use in the original video is that the guy recording offered to help but the other guy insisted he could carry it himself which his friend did n't believe so he wanted to film him fail . 
  in the original video you can hear the guy filming offering to help but the other guy wants to prove his manliness by doing it alone so the other guy decided to film it because he knew it would n't work . 
  not that it is n't fake , but they did think of that . 
  you underestimate niggers, 
  or overestimate ? 
  one drop rule, 
  all effigies are fucked up now . 
  my cm that has worked for nearly a year bugs out over half the time in reborn . 
  i doubt this effigy itself is screwed , i think it 's just how it shows up in-game right now that 's not working properly . 
   this site used to actually be a community , where if you met someone in public who used the site you generally could get along . 
  the site has never been a community and people forcing shit like `` narwhal bacons at midnight '' was the worst cancer 4 years ago, 
  because funf jungs sounds a lot better than viisi jungz, 
  plenty of people took it serious and when it was a joke it was never funny . 
  luckily for every retard saying reddit is a community there were a 100 people who said meeting `` redditors '' is like meeting `` googlers '' . 
  i love that place . 
  there 's also ( or at least used to be ) a north face outlet like 2 blocks down so it 's impossible to go to freeport and not find whatever outdoor clothing you were looking for . 
  miele nowadays has stuff made in germany and cheaper stuff made in china or somewhere . 
  the stuff made in germany is good . 
  was anyone else thinking of the vape ? 
  yes it does . 
  it 's totally normal for black people to use lotion to avoid getting ashy . 
  i 'm white as fuck with exclusively white friends and do n't know anyone who would use lotion . 
  buying lotion or having lotion around is not expected behaviour for white people . 
  tl ; dr banned indefinitely from practically any professional event, 
  you could still feel it even with a simple handshake . 
  i do n't know why it 's such a hard thing to accept that black people get ashy way easier . 
  it 's not just about it `` being more visible '' . 
  there are tons of other differences between black and white skin , hair , eyes etc as well . 
  a recent study claimed they could tell a person 's skin colour simply by their fingerprint . 
  just today i was browsing reddit on my phone and thought `` oh this is why they all use this oddshot site , it works a lot better on mobile than youtube does '', 
  a lot of people hate dendi as a person . 
  i 'm not one of them myself but i can totally see how someone would find that over the top positive cheery and silly doing random funny stuff xd persona annoying . 
  first result on google, 
   dry skin affects almost everyone as we age , but it is also dependent on external factors , such as dry climate , colder temperatures , and repeated washing . 
  in addition , increasing evidence has shown racial variability in the physiological properties of skin , which directly impacts water content of the stratum corneum and sensitivity to exogenously applied agents . 
   racial differences in skin properties may also explain some of the disparity in dry skin and may provide insight into differences in management for this dermatological disorder, 
   when considering that the incidence of xerosis increases with maturity , it is therefore not surprising that racial differences in skin properties may significantly influence the ability for skin to retain moisture, 
   when collectively interpreting all available data , most studies support some differences between black , caucasian , and asian skin . 
  using skin harvested from cadavers , wilson et al28 observed significantly higher transepidermal water loss in african-american skin . 
   for both age groups , black skin had significantly higher galvanic resistance than comparable caucasian skin . 
  as resistance is inversely related to water content , it can thus be surmised that skin hydration was lower among the black subjects, 
  you can look for more yourself if you 're actually interested in the subject . 
  that feel when you realize breaking bad is old enough and a guy who 's achieved more in his lifetime than you ever will is young enough to have done a `` breaking bad parody '' when he was just a little kid . 
  they 're japanese . 
  the level of competition is n't exactly high . 
  like 2 years ago but this picture is photoshopped as fuck . 
  honestly i have no clue how these edited pics make it to the top of this sub almost every day . 
  ca n't people tell ? 
  i loved the new targeting .
