  it 's not non-lethal , i never stated that . 
  but the chances of you dying from leg wounds that stopped you is a lot less than from shots to the internal organs . 
  i was shocked when i came over to the u.s and there was pizza and hamburgers for lunch every day at our school . 
  having lived in finland i was more used to mashed potatos , beef patties , oatmeal , pasta etc. 
  not every cop carries a beanbag and a taser . 
  also jumping from bean bag to instant execution without a trial is a pretty big step . 
  our cops do n't run around shooting people in the legs , actually gun incidents are very rare . 
  but when they do happen , casualties are avoided by non-lethal shots . 
  i do n't really care how your cops do it as i 'm never moving to your crappy ass country , but i 'm glad they 're not as crazy over here . 
  actually i used to shoot skeet and targets for a hobby . 
  legs are a small target when someone is running from your left to rigt . 
  if the suspect is coming at you they 're suddenly not that difficult of a target . 
   as ossia stated , you must not have any experience with handguns . 
  actually i do , i used to shoot skeet , trap and targets for a hobby . 
  ok , let 's say the cop felt he could n't make the leg shot . 
  is 14 rounds still necessary ? 
  could n't they have shot him once , waited to see if it stopped him ( remember he had a knife , not a firearm he could fire back ) and then if necessary fire a second round ? 
  a man equipped with a firearm is a whole other thing than a knife . 
  you can shoot back with a rifle after being wounded , running and attacking with a knife is a bit more difficult . 
  of course they are lethal , that does n't mean they have to be used in a fashion that makes 100 % sure of their lethality . 
  or are you saying it is impossible to survive a gunshot wound ? 
   handguns are nowhere near as accurate as you would think, 
  i know how accurate handguns are . 
  i lived a year in the u.s and my `` dad '' was a gun nut , we had about 80 guns out of which i shot about 30 + all the random guns his pals down at the gun range let me try out . 
  i 've shot tens of thousands of rounds in my life . 
  you know i did n't , i just mentioned it because experience with guns is still experience with guns . 
  it 's not a shoot for the legs policy but shoot to wound policy , legs being the usual target . 
  i ca n't pull a source off the top of my head but i do know for a fact that there has been one ( 1 ) casualty in the 21st century from a police shooting , even though there have been many instances where police have been forced to fire . 
  that should tell you something . 
  ** this video has been removed as a violation of youtube 's policy on nudity or sexual content . 
  please mirror, 
  edit . 
  [ mirror !, 
  ] ( http://www.tooshocking.com/videos/11052/sex_while_driving_a_minivan ) ( all glory and karma to [ tillwalley ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/iuvyy/i_didnt_really_think_this_was_possible_nsfw/c26vafa ) ), 
  edit2 . 
  if that one does n't work [ here 's ] ( http://www.break.com/index/caught-on-camera-couple-in-minivan-2085733 ) another, 
  we never had anything made of liver , ever . 
  i think it was some sort of a policy , you 'd think there would 've been a random liver dish at some point . 
  and we always had the option of spinach when they server * blood pancakes *, 
  my local department does things the right way . 
  i do n't live in the u.s, 
  i guess that 's the tattoo place 's name . 
  no , it 's the finlandia hymn , kinda like how america has stars and stripes forever, 
  i have all the content in the world available to me for free - b, 
  i own 2 macs and 4 ipods and even i fucking hate steve jobs . 
  what a douche . 
  and then you were bacon ? 
  this comment was funnier than the video, 
  she 's fucking hot though, 
  like i give a fuck lol, 
  aaaaawwwwww yeeeeaaaaaaa, 
  i 'm 20 now but i had done all of those things by 15-16 . 
  drugs were last . 
  not trying to depress you or be a douche , just putting that stuff in perspective . 
  i wish, 
  we already knew kinect is for retards . 
  could we please have some real games now . 
  feels good man, 
  watched on mute ( at work ), 
  is there some joke i missed or just another anal porn clip ? 
  e. i had to watch it again , worth it . 
  rampage is back fighting !? 
  i finally have a reason to start watching ufc again, 
  the first two were kinda right but i 've never ever ever felt the need for a woman companion after ejaculating . 
  for me it 's like, 
  during : `` i wish i could fuck a girl in their mouth '', 
  after : `` damn i 'm glad i 'm alone , time for some video games ! '', 
  i think it 's beautiful . 
  it reminds me of the day when america learned that war is n't just something you watch on tv , it actually affects civilians . 
  the funny thing is you people still act like it 's the biggest massacre in human history . 
  every other nation in the world has been bombed at some point but we just play along so we would n't hurt your feelings . 
  well , i do n't know about sick . 
  if we had developed a way to give birth to babies without women required i would be all for exterminating every single woman on earth . 
  in the meanwhile i support equal rights if we do have to live with them , but would n't it be awesome if there were only men . 
  i do n't know why but this looked like minecraft from the thumbnail & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  i 've never had applications black out monitors unless i specifically went to the application settings and made it so . 
  you do n't need to fish for the pity points , i would have upvoted anyway, 
  that modern typewrite you got is nice for surfing porn and all but games ? 
  pffft , give me a break, 
  except random parts of some star wars movies in incorrect order . 
  kfc is really shitty chicken , no reason to ever go there, 
  i talk about drug smoking with my friends all the time . 
  started out as a joke , but now it 's just become the default word in my vocabulary, 
  `` hey you got any drugs on you ? '', 
  `` let 's go smoke these drugs '' `` daaaamn , i 'm so drugged right now '', 
  soo ... did you have sex really young or just did n't masturbate until you were older ? 
  first fap at 16 what the fuck , mine was like 11 . 
  i ca n't even imagine going trough my early teens without fapping, 
  i have a lot of friends who 've never been in a relationship ( i 'm 20 ) and they 're not even forever alone losers . 
  none of them are virgins though ( idk about you ) , just have n't find one to stick with . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  being gay has nothing to do with your ass . 
  it has to do with being turned on by other men . 
  in all seriousness , that does n't sound awesome at all . 
  you only live once , and it 's not like trying out a drug is going to kill you the first time, 
  i personally want to experience as much as i can before my body starts to rot underground . 
  i 'm not going to come to your house and make you try shit , but i 'm not going to give you praise on the internet either . 
  not me . 
  i love my girlfriend and everything but i ca n't fucking stand being close to her for a few minutes after sex . 
  i just get this feeling of extreme annoyance or even anxiety , i need my space .
