  i 'm pretty sure there was a mission/map called market garden . 
  it 's the first time i learnt market is market in english . 
  i think she 's one of the hottest bolted on pornstars . 
  she 's smart enough to keep them in a sexy size . 
  none of this hhh balloon crap . 
  at least it was n't that big, 
  i 'm pretty sure 3.5 matches you up with 4 star teams . 
  at least in h2h seasons . 
  i agree the menus are n't the simplest out there but it 's not like i 've ever had any problem playing with them . 
  i 've always wondered why there are so many links on r/trees to the mflb . 
  it 's a decent vape , it 's not a bad investment but it 's not like it 's the best or somehow special enough to get all this sidebar space . 
  neckbeards on reddit not liking sports ? 
  what a shock !, 
  my new favourite reaction gif, 
  \\  television, 
  leave computer ? 
  step 2 would be visiting other sites only to find out there 's nothing new that was n't already on reddit . 
  usually lastes about 3 minutes until step 3 . 
  why do i click on links in gw comments ? 
  baby got back, 
  you 're welcome to leave at any time, 
  1 . who cares about karma ? 
  2 . who cares about comments ? 
  3 . who cares if it 's a repost ? 
  this is reddit , everything 's a repost . 
  [ date with a fruit ? 
  no i do n't think that 's it . 
  not everything is about the u.s, 
  it 's probably just that there 's one country with 20.9 % , only three or so between 20 % and 6 % and pretty much everyone else is below that . 
  i agree it 's not the best scale but it 's still pretty clear and probably that way so that you could still see differences between countries . 
  if that was a `` regular '' scale with standardized progression you would just see the few african countries up there and everything else would be in lumped in the same spot and color . 
  grats, 
  yeah since when has peeing in public made anyone a `` bastard '' ? 
  at least he chose a corner and not in the middle of the street . 
  i do appreciate the prank though . 
   most mandatory military service countries have it for both men and women, 
  no they do n't . 
  as of 2010 , countries that were drafting women into military service included benin , chad , china , cuba , eritrea , israel , libya , malaysia , north korea , peru , taiwan and tunisia . 
   they also allow community service type things for people who do n't want to serve . 
  i do n't want to put my studies and work on hold for 11 months to do free community service either, 
  you silly americans and your taboos . 
  it 's not like she does n't know you masturbate . 
  and laptops can be pretty expensive . 
  especially if you still live with your mom . 
  why the need for a compromise ? 
  why just not make everyone eligible for conscription all the same ? 
  women can already volunteer for regular military training so clearly it should n't be impossible even if you have vagina . 
   if women start having to put up with coerced service then the whole institution could actually be dismantled . 
  i do n't see this as a bad thing . 
  but your compromise states `` mandatory service for all humans '' . 
  how is that `` no more conscription '' ? 
  originalfinder is probably my favourite user on reddit , which is kinda sad given he 's not an actual human, 
  no i get that , i just do n't see why you need seperate community service for women , why not just remove the whole gender part about concription ? 
  or are you thinking that such a revisement would never pass ( which is probably true ) . 
  pauly d is the * oldest * ? 
  that 's a surprise . 
  this was pretty much my experience when i first watched an episode of jersey shore, 
  pauly d is probably the most relatable of them all . 
  he 's just taking advantage of the situation ( fame ) to hook up with chicks and is not really that into the drama . 
  the last episode of jersey shore i watched snookie and ronnie and jenny and whoever else were shouting and screaming and running after some guy in the middle of the night in italy when pauly d and mike showed up . 
  everyone was crying and drunken yelling so mike asked `` what 's going on '' to which pauly replied `` who cares '' after which they did some guido hand thingy and left to go to another bar . 
  got ta love it . 
  transformers reference, 
  i did n't and i do n't really care . 
  i do n't listen to his music just because i like to watch an episode of jersey shore as a guilty pleasure every now and then . 
  that 's not a nokia 3310 in the picture though . 
  it 's the earlier 6130 . 
  i know because i had one . 
  and a 3310 as well . 
  do n't know if the battery voltages are different but at least it 's a different battery because the 6130 's battery was practically the entire back of the phone . 
  already done, 
  it censors your password !, 
  my username is tenhotuisku and my password is *******, 
  see, 
  i 've talked so much shit on xbl and never gotten any bans or removals of accounts or anything . 
  i doubt reporting really does anything , unless your spamming someone with violent threats or doing anything that may cost a single cent to microsoft . 
  and aside from that sorry but if people can tell your skin colour from hearing you speak on xbl for a few seconds you 're doing this whole talking thing a bit wrong . 
  u mad, 
  same except , you know , do n't smoke weed for a few days & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  i play nice and i rarely start any conversations except for `` gg '' . 
  but if you 're actually good at any game you 'll get tons of hate messages and i just enjoy trolling these people as much as possible , getting them mad over the game . 
  it 's priceless . 
  it 's that much better after the break, 
  the watermarks were either memegenerator or r/adviceanimals so . . close enough, 
  very true . 
  technically he 's a shitty announcer and most of the time he does n't know what he 's talking about/thinks the game is still the same as in the 80s but you ca n't deny he 's entertaining . 
  where i live we have another computer store with red shirted guys . 
  i accidentally wore a red t-shirt once when shopping and three people started asking me for shit . 
  two were fine but one of them would not believe i was n't employed there and started getting angry at me because i did n't know which printer would better suit his needs . 
  i had to fake a phone call to get out of the situation . 
  i 've actually wanted to fake a phone call like that for a long time so in the end it was pretty funny . 
  haters gon na hate, 
  this is why i loved public speaking assingments and presentations in school because most people fucking sucked ( no offense ) so all i had to do was speak normally and i 'd always get an a. 
  a. especially for some older people it 's a taboo to confess, 
  b. you need better friends, 
  you already used the penis joke in the first line so it got kinda old before we even got to the punch line, 
  or burn and then read a book to the kid . 
  books are fucking awesome when you 're baked and they force the kid to use his imagination which should be good for his brain development and shit . 
  yeah i had some difficulties at first too but then i got the idea to read comic books which were easier but stilll awesome and worked my way up to `` real '' books . 
  it does require a little more effort than watching movies or tv shows but if you know how ones imagination can start racing while reading , imagine that high .
