  our local high school had it 's walls full of posters about how `` sex kills '' etc. 
  i took a `` parenting class '' as a senior because i did n't really care or get any credit for anything so i might as well take all the interesting classes they did n't offer here . 
  we had 8 pregnant girls in the classroom covered with posters advocating abstinence only . 
  it was pretty surreal . 
  we also had a speaker come in one day and tell us how condoms failed over 70 % of the time . 
  i actually got called into the principals office and threatened to be sent back home after i called bullshit on that guy . 
  i 'm not a legal expert but i 'd guess something that applies in texas does n't automatically apply everywhere else . 
  especially when it 's an issue like gun control which texas is famous for . 
  i do n't think anyone is arguing the morality , but the technicalities of law . 
  i fully agree that he deserved to get shot if he truly kidnapped somehow . 
  however i do n't see that going well in a trial . 
  i think you need to sign up for the rockstar social club before it 's available . 
  it 's free , you can do it either on your computer or go to the instagam app on your phone in-game . 
  i 'm down for any quality mission dlc packs for gtav no matter where it takes the plot . 
  i 'd like to think i am . 
  i never considered myself to be an exceptionally good player . 
  i 'm just an average guy who has completed the story and can do what any player could do if they had 50 hours to familiarize themselves with the game . 
  that is pretty much equivalent to what you see here in this video . 
  i like quinn . 
  i definitely miss doakes though . 
  i do n't see why they could n't co-exist . 
  it 's just two runs . 
  he said so himself . 
  and if you 've ever played the game you can definitely tell when he cuts from one to another . 
  i did n't look at this run as one edited run , i saw it as two runs in one video . 
  no really the point was that it 's mediocre . 
  you can tell at 1:25 how the other chefs realize `` oh shit this is going to be the * handicapped * season '' . 
  by being good pr and appealing to advertisers ? 
  i love the moment at 1:25 when the other chefs realize they signed up to the show during * that * season . 
  probably the fact that he had entered a cooking competition hoping to turn his life around and that was the very moment he realized it was * that * season . 
  just like us viewers did . 
  `` there 's nothing wrong with tdm . '', 
  said the guy who started playing the franchise 5 games in . 
  yeah but i do n't think the introduction of quinn required doakes to be killed . 
  they could 've introduced him to the series with doakes alive just as well . 
  i do n't think of him as a replacement for doakes . 
  well that 's true . 
  i just do n't see it as having an issue with the quinn character . 
  doakes definitely was n't a character written for a show that 's going to go on for 8 seasons but blaming it on quinn is just ridiculous in my mind . 
  well for one i registered to unsubscribe from r/politics . 
  which is why i was surprised to see this post . 
  unfortunately i do n't have the hardware to record 360 games . 
  otherwise i would 've done it for years . 
  i looked into it a few years ago and at least back then the hdmi protection was a bitch . 
  practically the only choice was to play with the component cable . 
  no she does n't . 
  she looks like a fit woman . 
  just because she does n't have excess body fat does n't make her unhealthy . 
  she definitely is n't anorexic as she has actual muscle mass . 
   i really do n't understand why police need mraps . 
  i do n't think they need this specific vehicle per se . 
  they would like to have armored vehicles and there is a surplus of these . 
  i honestly do n't see the problem with this . 
  i realize it was stupid to spend so much money on this war hardware but once it 's done there 's no use for hindsight . 
  it 's better these vehicles are used instead of ordering new armoured cars to the police and letting these ones sit in a hangar somewhere . 
  starcraft 2 is the best rts made to date . 
  i know it has the resources and it 's not exactly what you asked for but anyone interested in the rts genre should try it out . 
  because it is simply the best rts game ever made . 
  some may argue starcraft 1 was better and when it comes to pro play they may be right , but as a non-professional player starcraft 2 focused a lot more on being user friendly which is why i personally think it 's a better game . 
  you ca n't have an ass like that if you 're anorexic . 
  they look bony and spiky . 
  she has round nice curves . 
  there is a minimum amount so even if you 're dirt poor the ticket is going to hurt . 
  and if you drove 160km/h in a 80 zone ( 55 = 87 and we only have 80 or 100 ) you 'd definitely lose your license . 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  it 's proportional to how much you money you make so no one is `` too rich to care about speed limits '' . 
  even with this system it 's still less of a punishment for rich people as 10k from 200k a year would make a much smaller difference than 1k from 20k a year would . 
  there 's a minimum amount to the tickets . 
  if you 're on welfare the amount of a minimum ticket would be a much bigger portion of your income than what it would be if you make 100k for example . 
  there 's a minimum sum . 
  actually the amount that a person on welfare would pay is still a bigger portion of his total income than what a millionaire would pay . 
  but rich people do spend less time in jails . 
  and homeless ( if we have any . 
  homeless are n't really a thing here like in the us ) do break windows etc. 
  to get into jail during winter . 
  police do n't have swat teams just for the fun of it . 
  they do have need for them , especially in a country with such lax gun laws . 
  i know it is n't designed against rioters , but that does n't mean it would n't serve it 's purpose . 
  being ** too safe ** is n't really an issue . 
  no because you can have zero income but you ca n't have `` maxed out '' income . 
  do n't forget to buy those armor vests . 
  they protect against a whole lot more than just bullets . 
  it 's a bug . 
  small bugs in a video game of this scale are not `` retarded '' . 
  they 're to be expected . 
  besides it 's not like it happens a lot , i 've seen a youtube video of it but nothing like it has ever happened to me or anyone i know . 
  they might attack you or call the cops though if you follow them long enough/close enough . 
  or say something to them . 
  i do n't get why this is downvoted . 
  maybe people just being butthurt fanboys . 
  i 'm a fanboy myself and i agree . 
  i love the game but i already have gaming subreddits and a bunch of gta subreddits subscribed and anyone else can add those if they want gta content . 
  you do n't have to shove it down people 's throats . 
  i paid 99 $ almost a decade ago . 
  the gc price went down real fast . 
  i had that issue in iv but had n't had encountered it in gta v and i 've tried to reach all the highest building tops . 
  i 'm constantly surprised by the drawing distance they manage to pull off with such old hardware . 
  my top speed with franklin is almost as much as trevor and michael combined ( 237 vs 127 and 124 ) . 
  that skill is so op . 
  or jump down and take a taxi to the impound .
