   those joints are fat, 
  what the fuck ? 
  they are the opposite of fat . 
  i 'm not saying it like it 's a bad thing but those joints are straight as an arrow . 
  they look like cigarettes . 
  it 's not wrong . 
  it 's just not a very good way . 
  and having filled empty cigarettes shells with weed for discrete smoking i can tell you it 's definitely not fun . 
  no one 's telling him he 's not allowed to roll this way . 
  just that there are better and quicker ways out there . 
  i recommend you buy a package of loose tobacco . 
  by the time you 're finished with the pack you should be able to roll near perfect joints  even if you do n't smoke and end up throwing them in the trash it costs like $ 3 which is more than worth it to learn rolling . 
  and you do n't have to worry about wasting weed while practicing . 
  what is the difference between blue and red rizlas ? 
  i still have n't figured that out . 
  rizlas do indeed suck . 
  head shops usually carry all kinds of quality papers . 
  rizlas are meant for cigarettes . 
  ok fair enough but those joints are also the width of a straw . 
  like i said they look about the size of a regular cigarette . 
  which is not fat . 
  just to be clear . 
  i think they look perfectly fine and smokable . 
  i 'd gladly use those drugs . 
  but that does n't make them fat . 
  just when i thought stonerprotips could n't get any shittier, 
  i 'm sorry but yes it is . 
  i live in finland near the artic circle ( it gets pretty cold here ) and i 've never worn a ski mask outside of skiing in my entire life . 
  nor have i ever seen people walking in the street wearing ski masks . 
  not justifying the officers actions or anything , just my take on the ski mask . 
  not every comment is trying to justify his outrageous actions . 
  just because one party acted wrongly does n't mean everything the other person did was perfect . 
  yeah seriously . 
  the price drops about 1/3 as you drive it out of the car lot . 
  i 'd never buy a new car . 
  sitrep pro is required . 
  i ca n't pick any other perk for the 3rd slot because then i 'd be jumping around thinking i 'm hearing enemies all over the place . 
  but i agree with what you said about soh . 
  i choose recon as my starting perk and soh as one of the three specialist perks . 
  no one ever tried claiming that the ski mask was a justification for hitting him with a gun because that would be retarded . 
  all he said was `` wearing a ski mask is suspicious '' which it is . 
  does it justify the cops actions ? 
  is is still pretty god damn suspicious ? 
  yes . 
  why are you even talking about deserving to get hit ? 
  no one has argued that . 
  my point was that `` it does n't justify the cops actions '' is an unnecessary response to the comment `` wearing a ski mask is suspicious '' because those things are n't mutually exclusive . 
  wearing a ski mask is suspicious but it does n't justify that sort of behaviour . 
  it 's not one or the other . 
   my bet is finland does n't have youth that wear their pants down to expose their boxer shorts either . 
  well that 's a pretty stupid bet . 
  our youth is pretty much exactly the same as yours . 
  i 've lived in the us too . 
  did n't see any ski masks during that year either by the way . 
  i 'd understand if we were talking about someone who works outside and spends 8 or 10 hours in the cold but they were just `` walking to a gas station to buy some snacks '' . 
  not setting on an adventure to the north pole . 
  `` you do n't look suspicious '' is not a constitutional right . 
  i never said the cop had the right to hit him because they were suspicious . 
  he did n't . 
  but that does n't mean they did n't look suspicious . 
  i once found a torrent for private gold 1-100 . 
  best thing i 've ever downloaded . 
  and apparently serious business, 
  it 's on cheggit too . 
  i was traveling with a friend at florida airport . 
  he had spent the vacation shopping for clothes and had enough for two suitcases . 
  unfortunately we were only allowed one so he decided to wear the rest on top of each other . 
  he had three pairs of jeans on for example . 
  they made him strip down because he was sweating so much and `` looked suspicious '' . 
  funniest part was watching him try to get them all back on . 
  yeah i 'm not denying that . 
  and his bushy eyebrows probably did n't help with the whole terrorist thing . 
  when my parents were young they 'd go party in the ussr by train ( i live in finland ) and it was common back then to wear as many jeans on top of each other as you could while traveling because jeans were n't sold in the soviet union and the black market was huge so you could get enough soviet money for selling the pants to do anything you wanted for a week . 
  that 's maybe where he got the idea . 
  pics or it did n't happen ? 
  you have amazing tits . 
  that 's all . 
  probably the first time something that happened 10 years ago feels like `` only ten years ? 
  just check the last time this was posted . 
  there were plenty of photoshops in the comments . 
  even the `` tummy butter '' she used from the original post is still in my browser history . 
  it 's actually quite useful for anything related to science . 
  the regular wikipedia articles can often be overwhelming if you 're not an expert on the subject . 
   `` it actually works quite well . 
  i was pretty impressed , '' sanger , who is unconnected with the filtering company , told foxnews.com, 
  two paragraphs later, 
   he [ sanger ] said , adding that he has worked closely with netspark on how to get wikipedia to use the web filtering technology . 
  `` one foot on the floor/open door '' sounds very american . 
  i had a girlfriend as a teenager and all my parents did was make sure i knew about condoms . 
  which i never used because i did n't ( still do n't ) like the feel of them . 
  yeah that 's why i do n't bitch about nuketown 20whatever being a preorder bonus for blops2 . 
  means i do n't have to play it ever other match . 
  i 'm pretty sure they do n't make 22 inch macbooks, 
  am i the only one who thinks it should be the other way around ? 
  empty mug = skeletons . 
  full of beverage = dinosaurs . 
  still cool though . 
  it 's the 21st century . 
  i 'm pretty sure all professors put everything they show during lectures online as well . 
  at least they do at our school .
