  why do you force yourself to read all those comments ? 
  i did because it 's funny and i 'm not too uptight to laugh at myself . 
  have you ever heard about this thing called internet ? 
  who the hell buys games from actual game stores anyway ? 
  i personally live in a country where blue is the dominant eye color . 
  to me this entire comment thread is just perplexing . 
  you yourself just called them attractive just because of blue eyes . 
  i 'm not judging , it 's just interesting and a bit funny . 
  but you do n't have to do it yourself in every single thread . 
  you yourself said they 're already at the bottom and the example you posted had something like -30 points . 
  you do n't have to read every comment to every post . 
  there 's usually a reason some comments are at the bottom . 
  i have a girlfriend and i 'm a `` socially active person '' ( not shy or a neckbeard ) . 
  i still hate women in general . 
  here 's a link to it on [ filesonic ] ( http://www.filesonic.com/file/1548716311/oil ) . 
  i just dl 'd that earlier today and can confirm it 's legit . 
  i do n't think that many parents purchased san andreas to begin with ... 
  yeah i just realized how many parents must have been tricked into buying that game, 
  how did you get invited to a wedding where you know no one ? 
  i admit i did n't read the story but i looked at the pics and album and loved it . 
  so i guess that 's a compliment . 
  works even without a context . 
  right ? 
  those cigar interviews are n't too convincing . 
  they all list the exact same pros ( cute , durable , fun , pet likes it ) and no cons whatsoever with a 5.0 score from each . 
  seems legit . 
  nope . 
  there 's a lot of brown eyes too ( and i myself have green eyes ) so nothing 's really that rare . 
  dark brown eyes do add an `` exotic '' touch though . 
  walt disney hated juice , not sauce, 
  true , but that does n't mean all artists who are n't your cup of tea are talented . 
  that problem only exists in lion . 
  have fun with your crappy `` upgrade '' . 
  i do n't know about lion but at least in all version prior to that vlc would not black out other displays by default , you have to manually set it up that way in the settings . 
  also who the fuck uses quicktime . 
  tbh it 's fucking ridiculous that the rules of r/apple state you 're not allowed to post complaints . 
   most people who are religious do not call out atheists at every second , and it pisses me off that atheists constantly disrespect religions at every turn . 
  that 's simply because you 're the ones believing in fairytales and because you have nothing on us . 
   have some god damn respect . 
  respect is earned . 
  keeping your hand raised and not filing your nails does n't earn my respect . 
  neither does believing in fairy tales as an adult . 
   and what exactly gives you the authority to judge ? 
  i have a keyboard and an internet connection . 
  get over yourself . 
  you do n't need to be superhuman or `` have authority '' to call someone else stupid . 
  did you even look at the link ? 
  he is a fucking moron . 
   his muscles are not demanding any significant energy , so he would n't have that lactic acid `` muscle burn '' . 
  i do n't know enough about the circulatory and nervous system to say if they would be causing pain at this point . 
  do you have any guess as to how long it took to `` freeze '' like that ? 
  you 'd think the first few days/weeks/months would be pretty painful . 
  i have no respect for any type of religion , and that guy is fucking retarded, 
  before even reading the text to make it a religious thing my instant reaction was pretty much `` this stupid mother fucker lololol '' . 
  knowing he did it to `` honor a god '' makes him even dumber . 
  a lot of people take wrestling seriously, 
  i highly recommend you check out di.fm, 
  have you ever tried eating chocolate while holding your nose ? 
  i think there 's a middle ground between `` buy shitty processed pre-cut bread '' and `` bake your own '' . 
  you know bakeries still do exist, 
  they say `` i 'm comfortable '' . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  were there additional objectives in missions depending on the difficulty setting like in perfect dark ? 
  i 'd go outside just to avoid all that trouble . 
  i could smoke three joints in the time it takes one to do all that cleaning and setting up . 
  does n't get you high like smoking, 
  that 's why you always stick your finger in first, 
  i do n't see him turning down period sex . 
  i also do n't see the point in refusing to butt secks when offered because of manliness . 
  why do you assume them to be mutually exclusive [ ] ( / megusta ), 
  hey everyone i 'd like to point out this poster is a woman , so arguing with logic is futile . 
  that is all . 
  road house, 
  have you ever had anal sex ? 
  yeah i though so . 
  how 's that `` slut-shaming '' ? 
  she said nothing negative about her sexual life , just that according to ops religion ( which she brought into the conversation ) she 's done `` sin '' ( a term she herself used ) as well . 
  of course but it also applies to many . 
  actually everyone i know that enjoy vaping still say it 's a different kind of high . 
  thanks to your whining i know have this uninteresting text shit on my front page instead of funny pictures which are the reason i browse r/trees, 
  where as i agree that we must rid r/trees of these `` hey it 's my reddit birthday and i have 420 karma '' posts i do n't get the `` uptoke all selfposts '' that a lot of people are talking about . 
  most self posts on r/trees are boring high rambling . 
  sure some are great but the ratio is about the same as with images . 
  and imho the best posts are almost all images . 
  if i 'm high and on the internet a picture of a sweet bong or just an amazing landscape will always be more interesting to me than a story of what happened to someone last night . 
  yeah this did n't really work for me . 
  while i enjoyed the part about how a black hole would look inside & outside the death thing just seemed like a strech . 
  `` what if death was the same ? '', 
  `` it 's not though '', 
  when you die there is n't a hole in space or dark matter or a gravity pull . 
  your brain just stops functioning . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  i downvoted simply for making a big deal out of karma . 
  they 're just imaginary points , get over them . 
  no one cares . 
  besides you can always link to the original post if you want . 
  it 's better than making me click twice ( 2 times !! ), 
  instead of just scrolling down and have the image display in page like every other pic . 
  hopefully our generation will be even cooler, 
   marijuana should not be used as a tool for killing boredom .
