  they just said soccer is gay . 
  console game prices actually drop like crazy if you buy from the uk . 
  sure it 's not the same as steam with it 's 4.99 prices but you can buy 2-3 month old games for like 20 euros . 
  i got far cry 3 only weeks after the launch for 22 $ . 
  it 's extremely rare for me to pay more than 30 euros for a game . 
  ea sports games and cod titles are really the only ones that keep their prices until the next one comes out . 
  i do n't buy used games . 
  i occasionally trade mine over the internet if i have no interest in replaying them so in practive i get to play through 3 or 4 games for my 20 $ investment ( + ~ 2 $ postage per game ) . 
  not too bad . 
  but the main reason i think banning used games is bullshit is that i still have real world friends . 
  friends who i visit or who come over and we borrow each other 's games once the owner 's done with them . 
  i should be able to borrow a game i 've paid for to my friend . 
  it was just an example of one of the socialist topics that 's been covered a lot recently . 
  i 'm sorry but even your `` left '' would be seen as a far right party here in scandinavia . 
  i 'm not saying that as a bad thing or making fun of them or anything but your liberals would be by far the most right-wing party if they were to join our parliament . 
  so even if you feel they 'd get to introduce `` as many of these problems as possible '' like you say it 'd still be far far away from our socialism . 
  again not good or bad , just different . 
  really you have to remember america is the most capitalist country in the world . 
  even if you took little steps toward socialism you 'd still be the most capitalist country in the world . 
  i do n't really understand this `` all or nothing '' mentality , obviously the best option is somewhere in the middle . 
  just like our current system is way too socialist . 
  drifting towards middle ground would be better for us as well . 
  when you 're worried that implementing a small socialist influence would make your country prone to problems faced in hardcore socialist countries like sweden or finland or denmark it 's like saying mma would face the problems common in correspondence chess if they banned elbows to the head . 
  i knew i 'd seen this before . 
  there it was , already upvoted . 
  does n't your explanation of the farenheit system just point out how unnecessarily small the increments are ? 
  it 's not any more difficult to know how warm it 's outside using celsius either . 
  i do n't know why that 's funny . 
  i use the metric system and have never ever said `` decimetre '' in my life . 
  actually that 's one of the things i wish they did better when teaching americans the metric system . 
  when i attended american high school for a while we revised the metric system in physics class . 
  trying to memorize things like deci or deca or hecto . 
  it just made it seem so overly complicated . 
  i 've used the metric system all my life and i ca n't name all the prefixes . 
  you never need to . 
  milli centi and kilo are pretty much all you 'll ever need outside science . 
  now with technology things like mega and giga have also become important but most people do n't even realise they 're metric prefixes . 
  oh so now you ca n't criticize a culture ? 
  that 's off the limits too because we 're all completely identical and perfect little snowflakes ? 
  hell yes there are problems with the `` black culture '' or `` ghetto culture '' . 
  like the gender roles or importance education is given . 
  saying that is ** not racist ** . 
  you can have dark skin and not be a part of that culture . 
  if you have n't already burnt your brains by the boring zvz finals in countless tournaments during the last 12 months or so you 've either not watched a lot of starcraft or are living in denial . 
  you were n't taught as a kid to place the utensils at five o clock ? 
  it 's not just bullshit . 
  it 's actually quite handy in a restaurant so the waiters know whether you 're finished or not without having to ask . 
  no they do n't if you have placed them correctly . 
  at least in europe they do n't . 
  no i did n't mean to imply it was . 
  me having to click part 2 and part 3 separately is a small price to pay for day9 probably tripling his ad revenue . 
   travel could be really bad , like a van-fla series . 
  but that could happen under a normal 1v16 , 2v15-format as well, 
  that 's not how the playoffs work . 
  they 're within the conference . 
  so 1st in conference vs. 8th in conference . 
  the only time teams from different conferences meet it is in the stanley cup finals ( winner of the eastern conference vs. winner of the western conference ) . 
  other than that i do n't really like picking your opponents . 
  i prefer it when it 's just straight up determined by regular season points . 
  good for you man . 
  good for you . 
  they 've always been within conferences and there 's never ( at least in the last two decades i 've been watching nhl ) been four conferences . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  e. are you referencing [ this ] ( http://www.tsn.ca/nhl/story/?id=416887 ) ? 
  while this does n't seem like that bad of a plan ( i like having more cross-conference games ) i do n't get what 's up with all these realingment proposals ? 
  why is it so crucial we get a new system ? 
  are there problems with the current system i 'm not aware of ? 
  i do n't understand why they first proposed having 8 & 8 in the west and now 8 & 8 in the east . 
  would n't it make more sense to have 7 & 8 in both ? 
  now with the divisional playoffs it does n't really make that much of a difference but this way detroit could stay in the mid-west where it belongs . 
  if five teams made the playoff from one division the last 2 teams would be considered `` wild cards '' and thus one of them would play in another 3 team division playoffs instead of it 's own division . 
  well what do you need the space for ? 
  it 's not like there 's anything better to discuss on / r/hockey than current hockey games . 
  there 's still 50 posts per page , even on a busy night that leaves plenty of room for non-game threads . 
  yeah but i do n't see how this changes that in any way . 
  the reason for western teams ' travel distances are n't the conferences , it 's the geography . 
   at the end of his career, 
  everyone 's talking about him like he 's 40 or something . 
  is n't the guy 33 years old ? 
  no offense but other than his first phi mask i think those are absolutely hideous . 
  well , different strokes i guess . 
   it 's impossible to understand the context of most conversations because the flairs are n't visible, 
  i do n't know if i 'm just not that into team fandom or something but i 've never had this issue . 
  sure it 'd be nice seeing the flair but it 's not something i ever even think about while browsing on my phone . 
  a discussion is a discussion , i do n't really think about which teams supporter i 'm talking to . 
  if only there was a way everyone could post their own opinions and then others were given the possibility to comment them or vote how they feel about them . 
  it 's not the same !, 
  it 's good that it 's rated m. m rating means they do n't have to worry if a joke is raunchy etc. 
  they can just focus on making the game exactly the way they want and as good as possible . 
  if they aimed for a teen rating they 'd have to consider the rating with each decision they make about the game . 
  the gif is 15mb . 
  even with quality compression it 'd be difficult to get it under 10mb . 
  imgur has a size limit of 2mb . 
  it 's not like people would n't like uploading gifs to imgur and are choosing to use other sites . 
  it 's just not possible most times . 
  i wonder if min.us uses separate servers for us and european viewers . 
  i 've never had any issue with the site yet every time i go to the comments of a min.us post it 's always filled with `` waited 30 minutes to load '' comments . 
  this gif for example loaded faster than it played . 
  meaning it looked the same the first time through as it did the second . 
  there was no `` loading '' visible .
