  keep telling that to yourself and you might start believing it, 
   most people are n't perverted enough that they 'd actually use their powers of stopping time to rape people . 
  you have much higher expectations for humans than i do, 
   i do n't think the kind of people who commit rape care about being caught . 
  well that 's just stupid on every level . 
  of course nobody ( except for that 0.00001 % for whom it 's a fetish ) wants to get caught doing a crime . 
  secondly `` people who would rape if it was 100 % safe '' is n't the same as `` the kind of people who commit rape '' . 
  because with money you only have a certain selection of people . 
  with rape you can choose any of the ~ 3 billion women on earth . 
  no shit ? 
  are you the kind of person who would keep working after winning the lottery ? 
  nobody is misunderstanding anything . 
  it 's not that people think `` accident '' means he did n't mean to take a pic at all . 
  but bringing a tripod along and setting the exposure required for this type of photo etc. 
  clearly shows it was pre-planned . 
  chaotic long-exposure photo on the peaceful lake *, 
  nobody thinks he meant he accidentally took it . 
  he admitted himself he used a tripod for a long exposure shot . 
  a long exposure shot of a peaceful lake will look exactly like this . 
  there is nothing accidental about the photo . 
  why would he have bothered with the tripod if he was gon na take a quick exposure ? 
  why are the iso/aperture set to offset a long exposure if it was a mistake ? 
  why did he not move the camera after thinking the picture should be ready by then if he was n't prepared for a long exposure shot ? 
  calling this an accident is like screwing on a macro lens , shoving your camera into a beehive and then saying you got a cool close-up of a bee `` on accident '' . 
  maybe if you were n't such a little pussy you would n't get your feelings hurt by mean comments online . 
  problem solved . 
  yeah but fo : nv improves on basically everything fo3 did and it 's much easier to go from a simpler game to a better one than it is to go from a more complex game to a simpler , older version . 
  it 's not a plot thing , it 's a gameplay thing . 
   in short it combines fo3 and nv into a single game . 
  that sounds kind of stupid considering the two happen thousands of miles away from each other . 
  walking from washington monument to las vegas kind of seems like it would kill what little immersion is left . 
   you 'll like which ever you play first better . 
  well that 's simply bullshit . 
  everyone i know who 's played fallout games played fo3 first and we all unanimously agree that nv is better . 
  so does the internet . 
  yes i have and i even know how to make one . 
  this is as close to an x-ray as a drawing would be . 
  it only imitates the x-ray style so that idiots like you would believe it has anything to do with reality . 
  the thumb is small but it looks like it has the mouth upside down unlike this one, 
  no i 'm not over analyzing , you 're over defending . 
  it kinda was though . 
  it was an intended mechanic on 2chan as well , we had things like newsgroups with registration for a long long time before that . 
  you can say it was n't the main point or the only point , but it was a big part of the concept . 
  it did n't `` just happen '' . 
   `` yo man , i 'm trying to get you hooked up but my bud has n't come in for a few days . 
  gim me a couple days and i 'll let you know what 's up . '', 
  or just `` sorry , i 'm working on it . 
  i 'll let you know '', 
  it 's like they do n't understand how a chinstrap works . 
  unmarried or divorced people can have children and be interested in women . 
  sorry i 'm not interested in being friends with midgets . 
  midgets piss me off . 
  it 's not really hitboxes . 
  the games were designed to run on 4:3 . 
  the screen was n't 4:3 . 
  the image was stretched . 
  this meant the y axel and the x axel were n't in sync and if you were a serious gamer you could definitely notice the difference in mouse movement . 
  10 year old wow is very [ different ] ( http://o.aolcdn.com/hss/storage/adam/17ad17e1c41f789112e25277c28e3dc9/dorfs.jpg ) from modern wow though . 
  i do n't play the game myself but from what i understand they changed all the models and textures . 
  though i guess setting it to lowest quality could help . 
   your monitor, 
  you mean the schools monitor , right ? 
  i would n't risk screwing up my own computer . 
  it 's not backwards , it works both ways . 
  fps over hz does n't really make a difference , hz over fps does n't make a difference . 
  the best thing to do is match the two . 
   do n't know why you were downvoted . 
   other than that the hardware is just ok for gaming and there really is n't anything noteworthy about them . 
  maybe that 's why ? 
  i think you 're a little racist for looking at that cake and primarily thinking of skin color . 
  why would anyone ever call when you can send a text ? 
  it 's easier , less invasive , more convenient/flexible and leaves a permanent log . 
  the only people that call me are telemarketers and my landlord , everyone else uses texts ( in reality whatsapp and other similiar apps ) for everything . 
  when i lived with my parents i vastly preferred a text message to them knocking on my door . 
  i think it 's supposed to be a calendar . 
  two weeks pass and he shaves his beard , gets id 'd . 
  speaking requires much more effort than button presses . 
  plus you have to do it at the exact moment , not 30 seconds later for example when it 's more convenient for you . 
  you can also do it without distracting people around you . 
  and like i said you have a permanent record of what was said in case you forget . 
  written communication beats spoken communication in every way imaginable . 
  go to / r/hockey, 
  that 's the one for quality discussion , this is just for stupid maymays and circlejerk they do n't allow over there . 
  they also have vlc streams to games ( free ) and guides to using those in the sidebar . 
  the nhl gamecenter is pretty good too , i do n't know the price in australia but it 's definitely worth the price here ( finland ) . 
   how the fuck do you read two a 's together, 
  haha do n't come to finland then . 
  probably half of our words contain double wovels or double consonants . 
  english 's got nothing on finnish . 
  h\u00e4\u00e4y\u00f6aie . 
  maapallo . 
  if you wan na go all out we also have words like keskuskauppakamari or matalalattiaraitiovaunu . 
  you never played with a magnet too long to the point where it became irreversible ? 
  they 're all free in hd on their own website , why would you use hulu ? 
  i did n't read your ramblings but yes , i can see the skin colour . 
  i do n't pretend they do n't exist . 
  but when i look at this cake i see a fucking penis cake . 
  not a `` black man cake '' . 
  even though skin colours exist they are n't always the main point dumbass . 
  even in the pic the woman sucking it is the same skin colour as the cake so that 's clearly not the point of the cake .
