  sr and sr2 we 're lighter in theme and fun while still having a proper story and good missions . 
  sr3 is all-out crazy that prioritizes `` silliness '' to the point where it 's the main focus of the game , not just flair . 
  besides doing crazy shit in a somewhat believable setting is much more satisfying than doing crazy shit in a city where everyone 's even crazier . 
  sr and sr2 did n't want to be gta . 
  they wanted to be * like * gta but more light-hearted and crazy with a different setting ( running a gang ) . 
  sr3 ditched all of that except for the word `` crazy '' . 
  that 's like if half-life 3 did n't include any weapons and you only had the gravity gun from hl2 to avoid `` being to similiar to other shooter games '' . 
  sometimes being similiar is a good thing . 
  volition realized that `` omg a purple dildo and furries !?!? 
  so randum lulz '' has a bigger audience than a good sandbox game about running a troubled street gang which knew when to be silly and when to be serious . 
  yeah and in sr2 you were n't shooting furries with uav drones . 
  and your enemies did n't have magic powers . 
  now you know how we feel . 
  welcome to the club . 
  yeah me too . 
  i played though all of saints row using only the 9mm pistol . 
  some might think i was missing the point but i had tons of fun , it had the real street gang feel with some funny ass jokes mixed in . 
  now i 'm playing saints row 3 and 15 minutes in i have uav drones and shockwave hammers etc. 
  and i 'm not liking it . 
  even my 9mm pistol shoots explosive bullets . 
  the purple dildo which was an easter egg from previous games is now shoved to my face right from the get-go like `` look at this dildo there 's a dildo in the game and it 's purple is n't that so funny and random '' . 
  it 's not funny . 
  i do n't have this . 
  i read about this and see posts like op 's on reddit constantly but i just could n't disagree more . 
  when i 'm hungover i can easily sleep like 14-16 hours . 
  i actually slept 24 hours just two weeks ago after a night of drinking . 
  it 's nice because you do n't feel as hungover when you wake up . 
  a warm bed and meatballs is all i need . 
  because one study proves that every single human body works identically . 
  i do n't think you understand science . 
  the blue clan had some ninja specialist dudes who could teleport and a hammer that sent shockwaves . 
  the shockwave hammer could be a stretch of `` advanced military technology '' but not the ninja dudes . 
  you made that explanation way more difficult than necessary . 
  [ [ younglegalporn ] dream july - fast cock for a tight pussy - 11.12.16 ] ( http://imgbox.com/adn0dh2q ), 
  i understand everything in your explanation . 
  i understand the joke . 
  that 's not the problem . 
  the problem is you made this sound much more complicated and difficult to understand than it is . 
  for example `` we cill call this statement p '' , `` p is unknown '' `` evaluating p '' . 
  yes these is an extremely basic sentences for anyone who 's ever studied math or logic on any level but to a lot of people it 's confusing . 
  the entire `` having statements '' thing is out of ordinary and complicated for some people and most of all it 's completely unnecessary to the explanation . 
  look at the explanation someone else posted above :, 
   the question was if all three men wanted a beer . 
  the first man knows that he wants a beer , but does n't know if the other two do , so he does n't know if all three want a beer . 
  the second man also wants a beer , and knows the first man wants a beer because if the first man did n't want a beer , at most only two would want beers , so he 'd say `` no , '' but the second man does n't know what the third man wants and so also ca n't answer . 
  the third man wants a beer and knows that the other two want a beer because they did n't say `` no , '' and therefore can confidently answer that yes , all three of them want a beer . 
  does n't have any technical terms , much shorter and simpler . 
  does n't even have a paragraph break , but it explains the joke exactly as accurately . 
  it 's a better explanation . 
  i liked when the `` silly '' things felt special . 
  in sr3 silly crazy randumhness was made the norm . 
  it was n't silly or crazy anymore when you were expecting it constantly . 
  yeah well he 's explaining to people who could n't understand that joke so presumably they have n't studied much logic . 
  also i meant it 's a better explanation even though it does n't even have a paragraph break . 
  not because of it . 
   each time i 've brought this up i get downvoted to hell . 
  maybe you should take a hint ? 
  lol what jenna marbles is a big thing now ? 
  that 's kinda cool . 
  i googled her and looked at the videos and she felt familiar , then i found that `` how to trick people into thinking you 're good looking '' video where i remembered her from . 
  i do n't think she had many other videos back then . 
  good for her i guess . 
  there is nothing but it in sr3 . 
  took me 4 minutes to download in 1080p, 
   d3 had really fun gameplay, 
  come on . 
  let 's be honest . 
  it did n't . 
   all instances fo the video in the internet were wiped out, 
  you really do n't understand internet do you ? 
  even i have that video lying somewhere on my ftp server . 
  it 's been there for probably 10 years . 
  e. found it , i 'd put the link here but i already had some trouble with my server provider about having tons of porn up and i know one of you dickheads would send an e-mail . 
  just google `` benzin.avi '' and you should be able to find it . 
  boss fights are fucking awesome ? 
  all i remember was standing still and spamming shift + mouse 1 until the boss died . 
  what 's wrong is that you 're basically doing 3 or 4 things for the entirety of the game . 
  and 98 % of that is just 1 thing , spamming mouse1 . 
  the mf % system that activates level 60 ( it 's been a while ) only encourages/forces you to stick to the same few spells . 
  the game is boring as fuck and the developers have done their best to make it even more boring . 
  i played monk myself and boy did you have a bad year in regards to gaming if that crap was the best you experienced . 
  probably some sort of safety flag letting others know he might be stopping unexpectedly etc. 
  nah i did n't say fuck you . 
  more like i 'm sorry for you . 
  i did n't play 2 that much . 
  i do n't care what 2 did . 
  it was 13 years ago . 
  i 'm not comparing d3 to a game that was released 13 years ago , i 'm comparing it to other games in the market now . 
  actually i 'm quite certain the godfather has been imdb 's top # 1 movie for years . 
  this is the first time i see shawshank has taken it 's spot ( though they 're still tied in score ) . 
  i do n't know about any sleds in the godfather though . 
  i do n't have to `` know the genre '' . 
  playing a game does n't require a phd in the history of the games leading up to this one . 
  i can play a game and make up my mind while playing it just as well as someone who 's played every single game singe pong . 
  a game should be able to stand up on it 's own without comparison to other games `` in the genre '' . 
  besides the problem with d3 was n't that it was overly complicated or had a steep learning curve but the opposite . 
  i do n't * know the genre * and even for me it felt so dumbed down it was unenjoyable . 
  dude . 
  are you camping out in / r/all/top / ? t = hour or someplace similiar trying to get karma ? 
  i 've seen you in every frontpage post today .
