  excellent shitpost . 
  how do you `` prove '' a cult ? 
  i do n't see any difference between this full statement and the tweet . 
  seems like they 're saying the exact same thing in the exact same tone . 
  prove scientology is a cult . 
  you ca n't , that 's why cults continue to exist . 
   i like how you completely ignore everything i said in my previous post as well . 
  literally all your replies are one liners without any logical counter-argument . 
  why would i put any effort into arguing you when you 've obviously made up your mind and nobody else is going to visit this comment chain of a 24 + hour old post ? 
  you 're so mad you 're even instantly downvoting all my posts , why would i be interested in having a serious discussion about anything with you ? 
  well / b / has traditionally been the newfag board . 
  most people start there and then move on to other ones once they discover they exist . 
  i did n't know this sub had content to complain about . 
  also if i sort by new this is the only post in the last 10 days so whatever you 're raging about probably got deleted . 
   i can never look at target the same again . 
  lol, 
  i wish i could get excited about one day of vacation . 
  but how many mondays until it is n't a broken mess ? 
  this is a bethesda game after all . 
  i hope you lie awake at 3am thinking about this picture years from now, 
  is snoop balding ? 
  do you think it 'd let you queue if your client really was out of date ? 
  a bug in the game is very different from having two players running different versions of the game on the same server . 
  the former is easy to do on accident , the latter practically impossible even if you try . 
  yea me and my friend have the same thing so it 'll probably fix itself soon enought, 
  btw if anyone working at dotabuff is reading this the `` help page '' at http://www.dotabuff.com/settings is advicing to uncheck a setting that does n't exist anymore in reborn, 
  i love to buy virtual hats with real money but i have to agree with that guy . 
  people who cry about these boxes like op need to re-evaluate their life priorities . 
  yea it 's half that i liked him as a midget cause it was funny and half that the new one looks very cheap and unpolished . 
  and why the strange turquoise colour ? 
  i 've been following esports for nearly a decade and even i can only name one ( 1 ) lol hero . 
  i 'm assuming the average person has n't been following esports for a decade . 
  i actually like that pro players change their nicknames around . 
  having `` real nicknames '' is so fucking childish anyway , if you want to use the `` my le professionalism '' argument they should just be using their real names . 
  tor, 
  well his face is n't visible so it 's still better than his neighbours seeing it, 
  it 's just cent . 
  he 's simply clarifying he 's talking about euros since cent is used with a lot of currencies . 
  why would your idea of a `` perfect teenage job '' include tv exposure ? 
  that 's literally the only downside of this job and it 's a huge one . 
  fuck up once and it 's all over tv . 
  i like the wording of the [ petition ] ( http://www.thepetitionsite.com/656/728/856/tell-danish-zoo-dont-dissect-lion-cub-in-front-of-children/?taf_id=16394547&amp;cid=fb_na ), 
   thousands of animals are euthanized each year in zoos across europe where managers feel that preserving a species is more important than the individual animals . 
  well duh, 
  do n't you think valve/the credit card company could backtrack those gift cards to the sale once the card gets flagged stolen and the gift cards are redeemed ? 
  10 pills of ibuprofen doesnt do shit . 
  the recommended maximum for one day is like 8-12 depending on your body weight and those recommendations are always ridiculously low to make sure nobody ods, 
  but i voted for qop ? 
  yeah but when you 're already pushing a lane the catapult is right there . 
  you do n't have to go searching through the jungle hoping for a good spawn, 
  yeah me too . 
  i enjoy the challenges and hope there will be predictions too . 
  lvl1 is enough to get all that and i paid for it by selling a hat from the last compendium ( lvl1 as well ) so even if i do n't get shit i still do n't really have anything to lose . 
  i would never ever buy the lvl25 or additional levels with real money with what they 're offering here though . 
  that being said the lc sword i got as a coin drop is already better than the item i sold to buy the thing so personally i 'm happy . 
  bloodborne is by far the best game out there and the sole reason i 've even turned my ps4 on this year . 
  3rd party controllers are shit . 
  practically ( if not literally ? ), 
  every game that gets released on ps4 is available as download as well . 
  the ps4 does also have a nice collection of small indie games if you enjoyed meat boy . 
  one great game for kids who enjoy minecraft would probably be `` do n't starve '' . 
  it 's like 10 usd or so . 
  twitch app is coming but in the meantime you can just use the web browser . 
  worked fine with twitch when i tried it . 
  i feel like i 'm the only one on reddit who simply does not get the appeal . 
  even if the thing worked 100 % reliably which it certainly does n't i still would n't want to talk to my phone/computer when there 's a perfectly fine keyboard to use and a high definition display to show all the information perfectly instead of listening to some computer voice try to piece it together . 
  so in other words finns do smile whenever our national football team does well ? 
  yeah but, 
  do you just have your phone out ready for orders at all times when you cook ? 
  because if not you 'd be touching it with those dirty fingers regardless . 
  in tb 's memory we 'll have a 2k tourney nobody gives a shit about ? 
  mobile users are cancer and we should n't accommodate them, 
  ironically those are the shittiest posts of all . 
  if you ca n't edit your post into one picture you should n't be posting . 
  yeah but $ 10k really is n't that much in the world of tv production and having this as the # 1 post on the front page of reddit let alone facebook , twitter etc. 
  is insanely much more exposure than $ 10k in an ad budget would get you . 
  white country talking . 
  us military has not been delpoyed here . 
  ever . 
  i think the issue here is that whoever made the map made the distinction that a military base with u.s soldiers = u.s military base and the commenters just ca n't get over it . 
  if you want a map of countries where u.s soldiers are delpoyed within military bases the map is fine . 
   some of these seem crazy high . 
  maybe it does n't include mobile plans ? 
  i think a lot of people these days just have use their phones for internet . 
   it 's not like they 're selling anything . 
  what is ad space ? 
  what are viewer figures ? 
  how far in did you get ? 
  not that it is n't great right from the beginning because it is , but because people who complain about souls games typically do n't make it further than 2 hours in before they start crying about the lack of objective markers and in your face quests . 
  this incredible pro tip . 
  go to the settings and deselect the thing you want disabled . 
  woaw, 
  melee only characters are totally fine . 
  melee medic is a bit strange of a combination but totally doable and the game does n't require you to min-max your characters or have them optimized to be able to win fights and progress through the campaign . 
  i 'd argue part of the appeal of the custom bios etc. 
  is to make rounded characters with weaknesses instead of 4 perfect super soldiers designed in the most effective way to beat the game . 
   edit : i 'm asking a legitimate question , i understand it 's advertising but how . 
  in my eyes this post does n't offer anything and i 'd like to know why . 
  it 's advertising for the show . 
  you know how shows have billboards , ads on bus stops , banners on websites etc.
