  i currently either solo queue or play with 3 players all 3k and a random 5th and i 'm rarely a weak link for the team . 
  of course the term cash grab is opinionated , the term is impossible be used in a objective manner . 
  pointing that out is meaningless . 
  everything else in the post however is simply facts . 
  it 's made by totally different people because dks1 was surprisingly popular in the west and the team that made dks1 was already working on another project ( bb ) . 
  `` necessary '' is like the definition of overpowered . 
  also it is n't necessary , if you leveled up endurance . 
  which you did n't because you used an op ring that allowed you to min-max other stats . 
  also saying it 's op does n't mean you should n't use it or feel bad for using it , just that it 's extremely powerful . 
  that is exactly what happened . 
  how odd then that i 've never had to use havel 's ring with light armor regardless which weapon i used . 
  if i want a summersaulting havel or giant within popular pvp level range then sure , it 's necessary , but with light armor i 've always been able to do without it without sacrificing fast roll . 
  black knight greataxe still leaves you 4 pounds for armor without either havel or fap and without putting a single extra point into endurance . 
  with fap and no havel you have 8 pounds of armor . 
  either is plenty enough for light armor . 
  and the option to level endurance is always there if you absolutely feel the need for more . 
   they 're professionals , period . 
  everyone who gets paid to work on a videogame is a professional . 
  being developed by professionals tells you absolutely nothing about the final quality of a game . 
  b-team does n't mean they 're the guys who did n't make it to the a-team . 
  it simply means they 're different people . 
  and most people consider the team that made dks1 to have done better job than an average team we know nothing about . 
  that 's all it means . 
   ` cash grab ' is not opinionated, 
   weird @dota2 hasnt said anything, 
  maybe because it 's nearly a two week event and started 10 minutes within when it was expected to, 
  the broadcast started over 5 minutes ago, 
  and i would n't have it any other way, 
  and i would n't have it any other way, 
  the match was n't supposed to start at 9pm . 
  the stream was supposed to go live at 9pm . 
  big difference . 
  90k people have a logo open in a tab in the background, 
  i whitelisted both that site and reddit in disconnect and disabled ublock and it logged me in , then enabled both again and it keeps working, 
  winter `` merlini '' chan, 
  i have n't had an issue with twitch since like 2012, 
  there 's literally no difference to the twitch stream, 
  well it might be better optimized then . 
  but i have no issues watching twitch on source ( even on this crappy laptop ) and see literally no difference between the two, 
  might be , twitch has servers pretty nearby, 
  you 'd rather have them dub them over then ? 
  it 's kinda fun to watch the other streams at http://www.twitch.tv/team/dotati, 
  identical props , people just change, 
  it 's very common ( and was even more before 6.84 ) for carries to avoid fighting in order to prioritize farm . 
  it 's 17.58 cet right now . 
  and if you go to dota2.com it says broadcast starts at 9am pdt right at the bottom of the page . 
  the match is never going to start the same minute as the broadcast , is it ? 
  e. oh and look at that , it 's right on the hour and the game starts . 
   he has n't casted anything this year, 
  yeah only every big tournament, 
  because right on the bottom of the page it says `` each match will begin after the previous one concludes . '', 
  because right on the bottom of the page it says `` each match will begin after the previous one concludes . '', 
  there 's no shame in being a noob when you are a noob :\\ ^ ), 
  current sweden time is cest retard, 
  it 's a support naga, 
  til you need to skill raze before you can use it, 
   seriously though , that looked really amateur . 
  well luckily the kind of people you need to convince that esports are srs bsns are n't going to be tuned into an offline stream on the first day of wild card qualifiers, 
   why the down votes ?? 
  did i lie or something ? 
  probably because it was the first game of the first day of the wild card and they got the issues fixed by the time the game was underway . 
  no amount of testing is equal to the real thing and having some minor hiccups before the first match really even started in a two week long tournament does n't mean `` everything is a big mess '' . 
  probably people with money and influence, 
  the pre-show to wild card qualifiers was never on espn . 
   it 's not just one or two issues , it was a lot of them in different categories . 
  one open mic and two audio channels open on top of each other for a few minutes ( with one on low volume ) . 
  everything was an audio issue . 
  i 've been here for 8 years and 1 day and it was shit . 
  a direct replacement ? 
  none . 
  why else would i be on here ? 
  so you 're saying the official schedule ( that does n't include game starting times as everyone else is saying in this thread ) stated that the game was supposed to start the exact same minute the broadcast was supposed to start ( a time still visible at http://www.dota2.com/international/ `` broadcast begins at 9:00 am pdt . 
  each match will begin after the previous one concludes . '' ), 
  but the game was exactly 60 minutes late and started right on the hour , 1 hour late ? 
  indeed it did n't . 
  it went online around 9.08 and the real pre-show started around 9.25 . 
  i never said the broadcast started on time . 
  you were the one claiming that the match was supposed to start at 9am . 
  that 's what we 've been talking about this entire time . 
  you said the match was 22 minutes late 22 minutes after the broadcast was supposed to start . 
  that 's the only thing i commented on . 
  i never said anything about the broadcast starting on time . 
  you then started claiming `` official match times '' which are n't even on the schedule . 
  the only time in the schedule is the broadcast starting time . 
  cdec played better than either opponent, 
  that 's because winter knows a lot about the game and the meta and only jokes when he thinks it 's a good time where as xyclopz knows some pub strats from 2012 and is casting like he 's doing stand-up . 
  i hoped it was just another invoker flair but you really are all over this thread replying with stupid shit to any possible topic, 
  i do n't think he used to do that , at least in dac and starladder where i 've seen him most recently . 
  but i noticed it too today . 
  my theory is people kept telling him how he 's too quiet and other people talked over him ( which was to a degree an issue in dac ) so he decided to man up and get louder . 
  i watched every game of dac in vods and afterwards felt like i knew five times as much about drafting in the ( then ) current meta largely thanks to winter . 
  my own predictions ( = guesses ) got a lot better too . 
  i do n't even understand what you 're trying to say . 
  key words of my post were `` stupid shit '' , not just the fact that you 're posting . 
  it 's not the opinion , it 's that he went over there to say it . 
  tbh if i had a sports team that 's 50 % girls i would n't let them on the field either . 
  it 's common knowledge high school boys destroy ( the closest equivalent to ) professional female athletes . 
  while true something like a 10 year old dying to cancer is probably a much worse fate, 
  why are you trying to sound like a discount shrink when all i pointed out was that despite obviously being a terrible thing to happen at least the girl did n't have to suffer . 
  yeah a lot of people do n't watch video games despite playing video games but that 's not really the same .
