  netflix will never be the only option . 
  if netflix introduced ads i 'd just stop using it as it 's no longer more convenient than illegally downloading , simple as that, 
  but that 's a very old school and unrealistic point of view . 
  i used to pirate everything , now i use netflix and pirate the rest because netflix is even easier . 
  if netflix had ads it would n't be easier than pirating . 
  people who pirate shows are n't just doing it because it 's free , they 're doing it because it 's the easiest and surest way to get quality content quickly . 
   increased crime, 
  yes . 
  also sweden did n't use to have ghettos , just like the rest of the nordic countries . 
  now it 's the only one that does . 
  yeah for a worse looking result, 
  no you are n't, 
  one of the shoulder items is not like the others, 
  ha i was prepared to open until i got the wr but this time got lucky and got it on the 2nd try, 
  i also got 2 x 11lvl bonus and gold from immortal chest thanks to it : o, 
   aa post 20 min is basically a walking ultimate . 
  you 're playing aa wrong then . 
  the dmg of q & e falls off but % based move speed reduction and dmg increase + 3.5 sec stun are even more important late game than early game, 
  the russia-finland border is one of the strictest border crossings in europe . 
   i loved that pilot because it had this sort of silly nature to it , campy early 90 's stuff, 
  i know i 've always been extremely high when i 've watched twin peaks but my recollection of the first episode is gruesomely realistic and drawn out scenes of the parents panicingly looking for their child and then crying equally hysterically after finding out she 's dead . 
  i do n't remember any silliness in the first episode . 
  no that was just a terrible uncontrolled spray started while moving, 
  the only thing i 'm actually worried about would be what to do during all the downtime these events always have, 
  i think it was just one guy but yeah he bet $ 100 on the opponent and won 322, 
  i do n't have any stickers on default guns ( i only have 2 stickers ) but the vanilla ak is probably the best looking ak in the game . 
  i only really like that or one of the laminates . 
   playing cs without a 5 stack, 
  i do n't know what you 're used to but if someone talked stupid shit about chickens and profile pictures while someone else is trying to clutch 1vx during one of my games i 'm sure most people would be pretty pissed off . 
  i 've played with a few dmg girls . 
  have n't seen anyone higher than that outside twitch though . 
  just be glad it 's not poof and suddenly 7am like for me, 
  news about fifa 's corruption did n't come quick . 
  somebody finally doing something about it did, 
  frankly i liked this . 
  if someone wants to talk portuguese with his friend over in-game chat i 'd mute them before rune spawn but it does n't mean they ca n't have a legit ping in the game . 
  not all mutes are to `` combat abuse '', 
  use its whole body weight to turn it, 
  this robot is probably only programmed to do this one thing, 
  not english but over here `` billiards '' refers to all the games played with the regular 15 pool balls and snooker is its own thing with it 's own table and balls and rules . 
  calling snooker billiards would be like calling rugby football because they 're both played on grass . 
  yeah and if you look at the vod you can see his previous wr was identical to best time of all segments ( 15ish ) combined which sounds like he has n't been doing this exact run for that long . 
  that 's so terribly photoshopped i ca n't believe people upvote this shit, 
  that 's literally never happened to me, 
  because they 're not challenging in the slightest and if made challenging by shortening the timer they just fucking suck . 
  pressing a button when the game tells you to is not fun gameplay . 
  might as well watch a cutscene if the `` execution '' is that simple . 
  you were pretty much the only one . 
  but that 's where a lot of people disagree with you . 
  listening to people who bought the game everyone seems to complain what is there is n't good . 
  it 's average writing with very basic shooting mechanics and riddled with qte . 
  the lenght is n't the major issue this game had . 
  so black people could n't behave , started fighting in a public place and now it 's national news when they get told to sit on the grass while the officer sorts out who fought who ? 
  shocking . 
  they 're dumb . 
  there is no timing or coordination in pressing a button when the game tells you to, 
   why is it less challenging than pointing a gun and pressing the trigger button ? 
  because `` pointing a gun '' has many variables . 
  you can adjust your sights vertically and horizontally . 
  you time when you pull the trigger yourself . 
  you control the spray and try to hit as many enemies as possible in an order you choose . 
  you 're usually able to move around and pick your cover and angle of approach . 
  a lot of times you can even choose the weapon . 
  a qte moves and aims for you and tells you when to pull the trigger . 
  what you 're doing is just a check that you 're still sitting there on the sofa watching the game play itself , there 's zero challenge or decision making in the user input . 
  when a game relies on qtes the gameplay basically boils down to playing [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/r74oajd.jpg ) while watching a movie on the background , except those things were actually difficult to keep up with while qte in video games is made slow and allows failures since people hate watching a cutscene again because of a failed qte . 
  the only thing that 's gotten my bong looking brand new again is soaking it overnight in isopropyl alhocol . 
  that shit really works , too bad it 's kinda expensive over here since only pharmacies are allowed to sell it, 
  keep in mind the new expansion is going to be standalone so as someone with 1000 + games on his account i would definitely not recommend getting wol and hots now for any price . 
  it seems the vita has a huge game catalog in japan . 
  i wonder why they port so few over to eu/na . 
  probably because people do n't really buy handheld consoles anymore now that you can kill time with decent phone games . 
  forgot dks2 ever happened and do n't speak about it . 
  fallout 3 and skyrim . 
  the rest do n't matter what platform you play them on . 
   the most controvercial and low-scored review is posted . 
  from ign , of all places . 
  seems like today / r/games [ 1 ] decided to stop on hating ign just to hate on blizzard ? 
  have you actually read the thread ? 
  every single comment here is circlejerking on how ign is terrible and while the game has flaws it deservers more than a 6.5, 
  posting a link to a review does n't mean you agree with the reviewer , often the opposite . 
   he went into this game with a mentality of already hating it, 
  well it 's not too hard to understand . 
  it 's a simplified dota with a god awful monetization system . 
  i do n't need to know a single thing about the gameplay to hate the game based on what i already know without playing it . 
  40 hours is not that much in a moba . 
  i hate how blizzard handled this game and the game itself is shit but 40 hours is not the problem . 
  getting to dota 2 's ranked matchmaking usually takes around 100 hours and even a thousand hours in the game does n't mean you 're not a total noob . 
  mobas are time sinks . 
  a lot of time characters in jokes are given arbitrary qualities like nationalities because it helps the viewers imagine the situation using their own prejudices better than `` a man '' would . 
  also it distracts from the punchline . 
  that logo reminds me of the early 2000s remakes of logos most of which were phased out in a few years in favor of the old logo . 
  i get swiss chocolate etc. 
  but how is europe known for its coffee ? 
  sure we consume a lot of it but if i think of a nation that 's known for coffee the first countries i think of are like columbia , brazil or costa rica . 
  i literally have never seen a mango on a stick . 
  well you ca n't get the ranked modes which are different from non-ranked and not many people with less than 100 hours in dota know 10 people to make private lobbies . 
  but it is true that at least the actual game has all the content included . 
  well `` aside from all-pick '' yes but that 's one of the two game modes available and the one played by 90 + % of people in matchmaking so that 's a pretty big `` aside '' . 
  yeah but that `` slight tweak '' makes a world of difference .
