  only a few ( like the gta series ) . 
  but i do n't think you can purely measure playing in hours . 
  sure in terms of time spent skyrim delivers but i did n't feel like i got that much content out of it . 
  100h is about 5-10x the time it takes to complete an average single player campaign ; playing skyrim for 100h certainly did n't feel equivelant of completing five games . 
  i gave it a 100 hours but i do n't think i got a hundred hours worth of quality gaming experience back , you know what i mean ? 
  there was a lot of loading , dull back and forth travel and repetive combat , constant pauseing , stupid menus , grinding . 
  apart from the special dragons you pretty much had seen all the enemies in the game around the 20-30 hour mark . 
  sure the landscapes were epic but the game lacked that certain something that would make me want to keep playing . 
  as it stands i was more interested in seeing how ridiculously op my character will get than i was in any of the story quests or npc characters . 
  it 's a shame . 
  i would had gladly spent another hundred hours with it . 
  it 's possible i 'll return to it one day , but especially with the broken down economy and smithing and enchanting i 'm basically halfway through a game yet already beaten it . 
  i have unlimited gold and can one shot kill most enemies . 
  actually it did but you probably know better than i, 
  yeah well i 'm commenting casually about fifa12 on reddit . 
  not writing an essay . 
  r/trueanything = full of pretentious neckbeards thinking they 're better than the rest . 
  no thanks . 
  the face is n't as clear [ in the second pic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dunlm.jpg ) , but you can see the entire sky . 
  first of all i never complained . 
  secondly if we all collectively made a change it should be in the old subreddit . 
  and thirdly `` true '' reddits are way shittier even now than their `` old '' counterparts . 
   i do n't think that the series will be great again, 
  i think that sums it up . 
  i 'll still keep buying them though , not launch day for 79.99 but 2 months later for 29.99 like i did with mw3 . 
  i did n't get ac at release because i figured i 'd wait for a `` complete package '' with all the dlc since i was n't in any hurry . 
  does anyone know if this ( goty ) is it ? 
  does it contain everything ? 
  or are they still releasing/planning to release more dlc ? 
  it 's not so much america-hating as a valid point . 
  i 'm not american but even my immidiate thought watching the video was `` wow they 're letting him continue '' and my second tought was `` oh wait this is not an american show '' . 
  i 'm not claiming the government is censoring the people or other conspiracies , just that american media businesses often try to avoid conflicts , especially when it comes to issues regarding religion . 
  i mean come on , even your `` live '' shows are n't live anymore to prevent stuff like this ( and exposed nipples ) . 
  cats have always ruled reddit but i think [ / r/aww ] ( / r/aww ) has always had more dogs, 
  who 's arguing ? 
  i think utorrent is by far the best torrent client for mac . 
  i have no idea why they removed the ability to download different files to different folders but now that it 's been back for about a year it 's the best once again . 
  transmission tends to clog up my entire internet connection without even getting as high download speeds . 
  and yes i know how to fiddle with the settings . 
  the windows utorrent and the mac utorrent are very different . 
  the mac version is more like the win version was a few years ago . 
  last time i tried the windows version they had added searches and libraries and video players and all that crap . 
  yeah why are you downvoted ? 
  i never knew scandinavia was n't part of europe either . 
  that 's the joke . 
  it 's not included in the picture . 
  [ 16 more pictures ] ( http://xxxhothardcore.com/tommy4/060607gauge/index.htm ) from the same set, 
  ground beef patties , fries , chanterelle-onion sauce . 
  yeah when i was a kid we always used to play fifa ( especially fifa98 , before that some random nes/snes games ) . 
  after that there really was n't any good football games until pes came out and everyone started playing that . 
  fifa 09 was when everyone switched back to fifa . 
  now i ca n't even look at pes let alone play it . 
  how the hell did you get that 4th guy ? 
  it looks like you were aiming nowhere near him , maybe a few pellets landing . 
  here are the frames [ just before ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mxjs3.jpg ) and [ after ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x70ra.jpg ) your shot . 
  i 'm not hating , just curious . 
  yes it is . 
  it 's much better than throwing them on the ground if you have nothing else . 
  using someone else 's drink/a can you have n't checked to be empty as an ash tray is not okay . 
  they did n't really `` switch sides '' . 
  we were fighting against the russians , the nazis we 're fighting against the russians so we had a common enemy . 
  after we did n't need the nazis help anymore and invited them to leave they burnt down lapland because they did n't want to leave and we fought them for a short while . 
  it 's fair to say finland was allied with the nazis ( though do n't go saying that around older finnish folk ) but finland never switched to the `` allied '' side . 
  we just stopped being allies with the nazis . 
  so when you were playing he was closer to your crosshair ? 
  does the theater mode show a more neutral `` where everyone 's own screen showed they were '' kind of version of the action ? 
  i do n't know about protesting but i 've actually found it pretty convenient buying games one year late of schedule . 
  you can get the goty or whatever editions that include all the dlc for around 20 $ / $ / #, 
  and it 's not like console games are looking miraculously better each year so they 're just like brand new games . 
  honestly there 's nothing i miss out on waiting an extra 6-12 months . 
  except for the reddit circlejerk . 
  not really `` fuck ea '' because they still get their money but at least this way it 'll be for a complete product i 'm happy to pay for . 
  as someone who knows a little bit about writing code , that sounds tedious as fuck . 
  i ca n't even imagine checking unsuccessful code for a typo with a screen reader . 
  that takes some serious dedication . 
  thank you for reminding me i need to finish that game, 
  he does have a point though . 
  i live in finland and these days over half of our tabloid magazine 's online versions ' content is funny pictures/videos . 
  you could tell they discovered reddit like a few months ago because these days if it 's on the reddit front page it 'll be `` news '' inside 12 hours . 
  yeah that sounds entirely possible , often your brain `` auto-corrects '' when reading . 
  i imagine that does n't happen the same way when listening , you just got ta be careful with the pronounciations . 
  you 're correct about the reasons of lapland war but i do n't think you can say finland was part of the allied side just because for a brief moment we shared an enemy . 
  it 's not like there was co-operation between finland and the allied countries . 
  i always thought it was hilarious . 
  the original post was full of cry about sexual assault etc. 
  maybe it 's because i 'm not american ( not bashing , cultures ** are ** different ) but i do n't consider an accidental kiss on the lips to really be that big of a deal . 
   out of curiosity , are you from a place where a kiss on the lips is a customary greeting , in any context ? 
  actually where i 'm from ( finland ) people are generally even less touchy-feely than in america . 
  this has more to do with how from our perspective it seems americans tend to blow everything out of proportion . 
  i meant accidental on the woman 's part . 
  as in she did n't mean to kiss him on the lips but she ended up doing so . 
  hating on iw is kinda pointless though as the current `` iw '' really has nothing to do with infinity ward . 
  it 's just activision employees assigned to the cod project working under a name that looks good on a cover . 
  and i doubt many of those people actually have much influence on prioritizing platforms . 
  i 've played every cod since the first one ( i admit i only played cod 3 single player and waw single player/mp beta ) and every battlefield except for 2142 . 
  i 've always enjoyed them both and ca n't understand what 's with all this `` bf vs. cod '' bullshit . 
  especially when they 're completely different types of games . 
  there are many fpss just like cod but worse to hate on . 
  overwatch is great for ctf too . 
  overall i enjoyed the 1st map pack a lot .
