  because when i left the house and used public computers or other people 's computers it used to be ie most of the time . 
  now it 's chrome . 
  even though i personally prefer firefox i 'd much rather use chrome than ie . 
  it took my mom almost a decade to get into facebook so by the time she got one i had already deleted mine . 
   i do n't know how civ5 works but i googled some terms to use . 
  well you fooled me, 
  source ? 
  i always thought you had to have the keys in the ignition , regardless of whether you actually `` drove '' ( moved ) the car . 
  was n't this one of those `` porn industry copying amateur pictures '' cases that were posted on reddit a year or two back ? 
  it appears reddit is full of people who upvote and participate in the circlejerk that reddit has no clue what they 're talking about . 
  ( i 'm one of them ) . 
  so nairobi is an accurate description of the entire continent ? 
  i though it was more like the exception that proves the rule . 
  no cringe here , just absolutely hilarious, 
  a clip is one of those metal thingies that holds the bullets together like you see in ww2 games/movies . 
  a magazine is an enclosed device that feeds the bullets into a gun . 
  they 're also reusable though i guess some clips are too . 
  i 'm not an expert but that 's the basics of it . 
  most modern firearms ( if not all ) use magazines , not clips , regardless of whether they 're rifles or pistols . 
  magazine : http://simage1.sportsmansguide.com/adimgs/l/1/134014_ts.jpg, 
  seems like google translate on a bad day, 
  what does it matter whether they 're government sourced if they 're released by the us director of national intelligence ? 
  because they do n't expect to get away with it in the sense that no one notices it . 
  they expect to get away with it in the sense that it is noticed , yet no retaliation occurs . 
  it 's a power thing . 
  they 're flexing their muscles and daring anybody to do something about it . 
  also i 'm not a professional satellite intel analyst but i 'm guessing something like scarring from artillery firing is much easier to detect from aerial surveillance than a nuclear warhead . 
  but youtube has videos of people playing the game , and i do n't mean just the same clips the developers have released . 
  so even if i get the more expensive early alpha access one i wo n't be able to play it now ? 
  i do n't think your math and my math work the same way . 
  nah we 'll always have enough idiots and plebians that do n't even know about adblock #euphoric, 
  this has nothing to do with pot being illegal . 
  it 's because indoor areas are smoke-free in the 21st century , no matter what you 're smoking . 
  but you totally were not talking about that, 
   decades from now when hopefully pot is totally legal , and signs like these are not needed, 
  i was expecting nude girls when i saw the sub :(, 
  that 's free-to-play . 
  if you read the article before commenting they emphasized how it 's not free-to-play , it 's completely free . 
  now you 're probably thinking `` but why would they make a game and give it away for free ? '', 
  [ this is why ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_unreal_engine_games ) . 
  epic games does n't make most of it 's money from it 's own games , it makes it from selling the engine to other game developers so they do n't have to make their own engines ( very time and resource consuming ) . 
  this game is basically a marketing stunt . 
  you do realize you 're citing a wikipedia article ? 
  wikipedia is not the ultimate truth . 
  and neither is a printed encyclopedia . 
  tournament winnings are just bonuses . 
  all professional gamers are paid salary . 
  or depends where you draw the line of professionals but all of the proper teams with sponsors etc. 
  there 's lactose-free regular cow milk . 
  well having two bandanas certainly looks a lot closer to that head dress than not having two bandanas , does n't it ? 
  well leave it to the americans to fuck up such a simple concept, 
  yeah just like a lot of the stuff in early 90s is full of things we associate with `` the 80s '' and the early 80s look like 70s etc. 
  not surprisingly fashions do n't really follow decades at the time they 're happening . 
  since when did popularity make something ethical ? 
  you could see the use of legal drugs to boost your performance and drive up the `` bell curve '' ( either actual like in college or a metaphorical like in a workplace ) for those who do n't want to take drugs as being unethical . 
  i wish bananas were cheap where i live . 
  here we just have potatoes and onions to cheat with . 
  so like a quarter or two for a beer that takes about 5 second to pour is considered a bad tip ? 
  50c would be around 10 % of the price of the item , is n't that what waiters are tipped as well ? 
  and waiters do a whole lot more work for their tip than pour a beer . 
  somehow the wording `` a complete match '' made me think of people shooting each other . 
  sounded a lot more cool . 
  it 's as if reddit is made of more than one person, 
  it would n't be a stereotype if there was no truth behind it, 
  you do realize what a stereotype means ? 
  i never said it was n't one , in fact i confirmed that it is a stereotype . 
  learn the terminology before throwing out `` fancy '' words . 
  are you implying it was n't yet another perfect opportunity to do so ? 
  all euro teams pay and have always paid a salary to their players . 
  american 's do n't because glorious capitalism . 
  just because you do n't like it does n't make it not true . 
  he obviously starts work at 8 so not that early . 
  do you know a lot of people over the age of 10 and under 50 who go to bed before midnight ? 
  where do you see the results ? 
  on my screen it just says the results will be released when the vote is over ( aka they 'll make it up ) . 
   is that different for non-eu citizens or something ? 
  everything is different for non-eu citizens . 
  as a eu citizen you can just move around eu freely and rent or buy a house to settle down in if you feel like it . 
  you do n't need to ask for any permissions . 
  my sister decided she wanted to live in the uk so she bought plane tickets and stayed in a hotel for a week while looking for a house to rent . 
  when she found an apartment she signed the same rent papers a native uk citizen would and informed the finnish authorities of her new address like you do if you move from one apartment to another within finland . 
  she did no other paperwork or applied for any visas or permits or anything and has been living there for 3 years now . 
  that 's kinda the point of eu citizenship . 
  if you look at her post history she has talked about living in ny before . 
  it also states she is 5 ' 8 '' ( 170ish ) and over 400 pounds ( almost 200kg ) so she could be thinking of free healthcare . 
  and now i found a post about a husband/boyfriend from lapland so that would make sense . 
  i 'm not sure if this is a joke about your ex-girlfriend changing moods often or something like that or if you genuinely dated someone with that condition . 
  they ca n't deport you for being poor if you 're a eu citizen . 
  are you sure they were n't trying to give you money ? 
  sounds like you have dumb friends . 
  i 'm finnish and love beer and sauna but i would never turn it into a competition . 
  i still have n't even gotten my 8.1 `` checked 2 seconds ago '' . 
  professional gamers have some of the best streams and they 're 95 % silence . 
   suarez is n't italian . 
  no but chiellini is, 
  maybe because the last time he bit someone it was an italian player, 
  last comment 2 hours ago ? 
  i do n't know why it bothers me that the guy is still active and using * that * account . 
  dude i can picture you jerking off as you wrote these `` questions '', 
  i do n't understand why people go to the movies .
