  also remember to communicate , preferably by a mic . 
  remember not to run around like an idiot , any experienced players will just pick you off like on a shooting gallery . 
  try to always observe the situations , time your actions and do n't stay in the same spot for too long . 
  this is no cod , there is no rush ( no pun intended ) and you 're useless to your team dead and probably having given away your squads location . 
  i currently have a 27 '' imac with 2560x1440 resolution and even though i sit a lot closer than supposed to , the dpi is still ridiculously high . 
  this is one area where i do n't need improvement to the next generation . 
  i 've never heard of this . 
  my experiences go more along the line of `` you do n't even wan na look when i 'm naked anymore '' [ ] ( / dude ), 
  no it wo n't , but you cant access any of the games , saves etc without retrieving your account , which will get the new xbox banned, 
  so just to be sure i 'd recommend you format the drive in the old xbox before swapping, 
  canada and the us is no problem , but us european ( and probably asian ) redditors exist as well, 
  not saying this is a bad idea but 8 seconds what the fuck . 
  more like 0,8 seconds if even that, 
  well this sure makes me feel bad as a former exchange student, 
  self posts = tl ; dr, 
  the three panels are a big reason why i 'm glad i was n't brought up in the states, 
  before you downvote : 1 . not saying every american parent is like this , but it is pretty fucking common 2 . 
  i have lived and studied ( even took a sex ed class for the lulz ) in the usa , so i 'm not just basing this on the internet, 
  front right : phone, 
  front left : ligher ( though i do n't smoke ( cigarettes ) ) , keys, 
  back right : wallet, 
  back left : random semi-important papers , receipts etc, 
  it 's 6.44 am here and i 'm on r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu so ... upvote, 
  e. and no i did not wake up early are you crazy, 
  just to be clear this is n't one of those `` african kids eat roots '' things . 
  it 's a `` i fucking love taco bell but ca n't get it '' thing, 
  so are you telling me that thousands of people did n't actually love my dog [ ] ( / awman ), 
  white bread is shit . 
  this is the kind of bread i eat :, 
  reason for link is that our conception of rye bread differs greatly from the us/uk one, 
  there 's no self checkout where i live . 
  how exactly do they prevent people just scanning every other item or something along those lines ? 
  instead of a cashier hire a guy to stare at a monitor 24/7 ? 
  holy shit these `` neverending pages '' are going to ruin my sleep schedule, 
  a key difference is the `` fluffiness '' / density as you can probably see in the picture . 
  scandinavian rye bread is very filling and even healthier . 
  it 's often almost a bit chewy , well that 's probably a bad word for it but it does n't just disintegrate instantly your mouth . 
  but the biggest difference is probably just the taste , which as you can probably imagine is impossible to describe in a reddit comment . 
  it 's just something you have to try . 
  it 's not sweet like german and other southern european rye bread . 
  if you ask me it 's perfect ( of course ) , especially when toasted . 
  a key difference is the `` fluffiness '' / density as you can probably see in the picture . 
  scandinavian rye bread is very filling and even healthier than it 's us counterpart . 
  it 's often almost a bit chewy , well that 's probably a bad word for it but it does n't just disintegrate instantly your mouth . 
  the biggest difference is probably simply the taste , which as you can imagine is impossible to describe in a reddit comment . 
  it 's just something you have to try . 
  it 's not sweet like german and other southern european rye bread . 
  if you ask me it 's perfect ( of course ) , especially when toasted . 
  `` lower but still high tax rate '', 
  what . 
  the . 
  you do realize that the u.s has the lowest taxes ( aside from `` countries '' like monaco ) and the most debt in the world ? 
  this post fucked with my brain . 
  in battlefield : bad company 2 you sometimes ( often ) hear one of your teammates yell out `` hey man , nice shot '' if you shoot a headshot . 
  i 've played close to 500h of bfbc2 so it 's deeply implanted in my brain and immidiately i started hearing it but it took me like a minute to realize where it is from , since it 's not really like a line in a movie or anything that you pay attention to . 
  if you use firefox an add-on called `` imagezoom '' is functional as well . 
  click and hold any image with the right button and scroll to zoom in and out . 
  edit . 
  since res now has this in reddit it 's of course no use here but on other websites, 
  `` we were n't talking about other countries '' is a retarded argument . 
  i know you were n't , but it still has informative value that the u.s has one the lowest taxes in the cilivized world ( it has , no matter what bullshit ratings you have checked ) and the biggest debt . 
  which is supposed to be paid with money . . a lot of which from taxes . 
  see the point now ? 
  no , it 's lose-win because you had to work hard, 
  i do n't own a tv . 
  however i watch tv shows all the time . 
  also , i do n't act superior because i do n't own a specific device . 
  this is truly interesting seeing as how you cite your own sources so well, 
  south park seasons 1-9 are the best adult cartoo . . fuck that , best comedies ever made for television . 
  i 've seen them all in order 5 times + all the countless random episodes . 
  seasons 10 and onward , well . . they 're * okay *, 
  so if anything , we used up his bandwidth and took his money, 
  good list , except gta 4 is way better than rdr and me1 is nothing special . 
  me2 is amazing though . 
  same with assasins creed . 
  also , bf : bc2 and batman, 
  not undermining your skills at all , but nice luck catching almost everyone facing the other way in the beginning, 
  shieeet nice triple post by me . 
  well , that 's really something you ought to be ashamed about, 
  you 're like that an old granma who uses the computer in an absolutely retarded way `` because i 've always done it like that '' with the exception that she actually knows it 's idiotic, 
  finnish, 
  i never go straight to voice mail even if someone has turned their phone off . 
  i always get one or two rings before it `` realizes '' to go to voicemail, 
  i was horrified this was n't the # 1 comment . 
  please be home please be home, 
  he already admitted they 're his ex 's, 
  i feel this is a perfectly rational reaction, 
  internet download limit what . 
  the . 
  regular tv is free dumbass . 
  you actually knew this shit as a child but got dumber as you grew up . 
  that 's some heavy progress, 
  where do you live ? 
  i get more than that with my phone , unlimited internet of course, 
  where do you live ? 
  i get more than that with my phone , unlimited internet of course, 
  indeed, 
  i have n't adopted the internet white knight method of thinking that if you talk nicely to an anonymous woman on the internet you 're going to get laid either, 
  notice how only one of these has enough upvotes to ever make it to the top 100/200 , you 're exaggerating the problem , just do n't view shit, 
  should i downvote because i do n't feel like a bastard,
