   there is n't ice around the island during winter, 
  how is there not ice that far north ? 
  afaik the gulf of bothnia ( yeah that 's apparently what it 's called in english ) freezes over during winter . 
  i hope she has n't done anything to them , they were perfect, 
  so can i play try it on a mac now ? 
  or in the future ? 
  the website is down . 
  there should also be a `` maximum bid value '' along with the max buyout . 
  i do n't need items listed that i ca n't afford but i do n't want only buyouts . 
  well the game is n't supposed to disconnect on you either . 
  it 's not so much a cheat but an adaptation to the crappy state of the servers which should n't be part of the challenge . 
  yeah someone . 
  you . 
  accepting you could use help is not weakness . 
  i just find it funny it 's the police 's business to sort out . 
  in my country you get like a letter from the school 's office . 
  hence calling her stupid . 
  i bet her little siblings would appreciate having college funds in the bank instead of a little `` pride '' for their bigger sister . 
  i would n't care what you call it , free money is always welcomed at this house . 
  nice idea , stupid selfish execution . 
  yes , selfish . 
  she maybe gets her 15 minutes of fame for `` not accepting handouts '' but what about her little siblings education ? 
  or health care ? 
  it 's ok to accept help when you 're asked to take care of your family at age 17 . 
  whatwhatwhaaaaat ? 
  i score around 1/4th of my corners . 
  often even higher . 
  to me corners are much more valuable than free kicks . 
  though i do love banging in free kicks . 
  i think the difficulty is just fine . 
  annoying *, 
   joining random public game with all noobs and being their savior by rushing them or giving them decent gear . 
  this is still very much present in d3 . 
  i do n't understand why you 'd think it is n't ? 
  because of the enemy scaling ? 
  maybe it 's just me but i 'd take having fun with friends over optimized clearing time any day . 
  it is just a video game after all , it 's entertainment . 
  never happened to me . 
  ever . 
  i used to ( in older fifas ) accidentally pass in free kicks and goal kicks but in fifa12 there 's a system that prevents that . 
  if you press a in the first 0.5 seconds or so it wo n't pass . 
  which is good . 
  while that light effect is really cool i 'd probably rather have it in a coffee table or something . 
  not on a desk i 'll be spending hours and hours on end looking at . 
  the difference between two bongs is nothing like joint vs a pipe . 
  while i fully understand people getting multiple bongs and realize there is a difference between them a joint and a pipe are like from a different multiverse . 
  for simplicity . 
  `` which do you want to smoke out of ? '', 
  also it allows more free conversation in workplaces/school . 
  `` should i bring the bong '' vs `` should i bring bubbles '' ? 
  that 's just horrible, 
  do n't like fake tits ? 
  i like all nice tits . 
  i do n't like ugly tits , regardless whether they 're fake or not . 
  like really , really bad . 
  it 's not any sort of comic . 
  where 's the punchline ? 
  the joke ? 
  how the fuck is this the top submission on r/vertical ? 
  this video contains content from pias ( chsa ) , who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds . 
  sorry about that . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://i132.photobucket.com/albums/q38/usnf/success.gif ), 
  stats , positioning , angle , timing ... but mostly luck . 
  i do n't even live in the us and i want one so bad . 
  so . . if you do n't outright defend gay right you ca n't be upvoted on reddit or what 's the theory here ? 
  maybe not heterosexuals as a group but in certain situations/lines of work individual heterosexuals can definitely be discriminated for their sexuality . 
  i was n't aware there was some threshold amount of discrimination you had to experience before it 's wrong . 
  close your eyes and it could be anyone 's ass . 
  or just use a crutch or whatever you want to call it . 
  i ca n't understand why people try to come up with complex solutions to a problem that could easily be avoided in the first place . 
  besides the joint feels much better in your fingers when there 's a crutch . 
  my college education is free , the government gives me 500 euros a month for living expenses and `` backs up '' 300 euros of ( basically ) interest free loan per month . 
  my student loans will probably be around 5-10k . 
  i do n't plan on taking everything i could get if i can make do with less . 
  only thing i did n't like about the gamecube controller was the shittiness of the c-stick . 
  it was ok for simple commands ( like the 360 d-pad ) but terrible for anything more complex that demanded accuracy ( like the 360 d-pad ) . 
  other than that it was a great controller , best of it 's era and still the 2nd best console controller of all time ( after 360 ) . 
  all the info i could find when i saw the original ( naked ) gif . 
  apparently the movie is not out yet . 
  i was surprised you did n't link to http://www.spreekillers.ch/, 
  i use to do this all the time as a kid . 
  this was the thing to do if playing with candles . 
  i honestly thought everyone knew about it . 
  there is no actual product, 
  been there done that, 
  i really expected great things from that game . 
  espionage secret agent role playing stealth game ? 
  sounds amazing . 
  too bad the execution was a complete piece of shit . 
  i 've only played the 360 version but unless there were some huge overhauls and updates i ca n't see it being any better on any platform . 
  i agree with everything except for the last part . 
  i feel nv is a good system . 
  for someone like me who enjoys clearing all the areas and advancing in the game instead farming a single boss again and again it 's nice that continuous play is rewarded over repeating a single quest . 
  and the part about remaking your game when you see a jailer , waller , mortar , frozen ? 
  has n't been an issue . 
  the only elites i consider skipping are invulnerable minions . 
  maybe you should reconsider your build/playing style if all those basic modifiers cause you such trouble . 
  what game is this ? 
  also commonly known as abby these days, 
  i hope they do n't implement it because it 's ridiculous but as of now i do carry 2 sets of gear , my primary and simply crap with good + mf for every piece that does n't already have mf .
