  yeah and neither the xbone nor the ps4 are worth the price either with their current game libraries . 
  though i ca n't agree with there being 15 interesting games for the wii u. 
   if i recall , the ps4 and one were sold at or below cost of manufacture . 
  that 's exactly what i was saying . 
  and they were n't the first because the very same thing happened last gen. 
   neither were bleeding edge or even high end at release . 
  at the time of release ps4 was the most cost-efficient computer you could buy if you just compared computing power per dollar . 
  of course it only cost $ 399 so naturally it was n't a high end gaming pc . 
  since then the prices of pc parts have gone down so that you can outperform a ps4 with some well picked cheap parts . 
  i own the ps4 and every time i notice it i feel regret . 
  it 's a bloodborne machine which i realized at the time of purchase but what i did n't realize is 18 months later it 'd still be exclusively a bloodborne machine . 
  the ps4 and xbone have been on the market for 2,5 years . 
  you 're right i did play through and enjoy tlou before bloodborne came out but ~ 400 + 60 + 60 is pretty steep for two games one of which is a last gen title with some higher resolution textures . 
  the thing i will enjoy the most when battlefield 5 comes out is not playing it . 
  275 really is n't that much for someone 6 ' 4 '' . 
  first two results on google for people who are 6 ' 4 '' 275 : http://i.imgur.com/gjnwufn.jpg and http://i.imgur.com/bsklrtn.jpg . 
  both are big guys but neither are especially huge or girthy . 
  so either you 're skinny af or he was lying about his weight . 
  you do realize yify was notorious for its shit quality even mentioned above by op ? 
  way too often, 
  / r/gaming does n't need him to be cancer, 
  both of those are `` before '' pics posted by the guys themselves claiming they are 275 in them . 
  i do n't know what reason they would have to lie . 
  funny how everyone at bodybuilding.com thread where i pulled those pics from agree that 's what 6 `` 4 ' 275lbs looks like but some scrawny guy from / r/blackpeoplegifs is apparently the expert . 
  275 is nowhere near obese when you 're that tall . 
  literally no one said anything about low body fat anywhere in this comment chain . 
  also there are few things in life more pathetic than trying to act hard on the internet by throwing out numbers you know you ca n't and wo n't have to prove . 
  bench press 600 yet ? 
  do n't think so . 
  that was satisfying but there was n't really any micro involved on either side . 
  you must have a pretty big complex about your size if you think that 's what was implied lmao . 
  yeah welcome to the club . 
  except i know you 're some little kid in real life since you have the understanding of body weight a small child or someone who 's never lifted weights has . 
  people do n't just go from fit to hamplanets overnight when they cross that magical treshold of 220 . 
  again i have zero clue why you think all those people who posted these photos would lie their weight up and what reason i would have to lie when it is n't even me in the pictures . 
  [ kony ealy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xiohfr8.jpg ) the nfl player is listed at 6 ' 4 '' 275 ( source [nfl.com ] ( http://www.nfl.com/player/konyealy/2543484/profile ) ) and while he has strong arms and legs he 's not particularly `` girthy '' and far from obese . 
  what terminology ? 
  i have n't even tried to use any jargon so unfortunately you rushed your genius comeback too early there bud . 
  and how are steroids relevant ? 
  do they hide the weight up your ass and defy the laws of physics ? 
  i said nothing about how attainable 6 ' 4 '' 275 low bf % is naturally , all i said was how it looks . 
  have some more pictures of guys measured by professional sporting organizations . 
  do these guys look obese to you ? 
  if they were n't pro athletes and lost 10 or even 20 lbs of muscle and replaced it with fat do you think they 'd suddenly transform into massive fat guys ? 
  pro tip : they would n't . 
  `` girth '' was a quote from the original post i replied to where as `` strong '' is a very common adjective used by people in all sorts of every day contexts and not `` weightlifting terminology '' retard . 
  i find it amusing that i 've provided you with 8 pictures of 6 ' 4 '' 275lbs guys as an example 6 of which were measured either by the nfl or their respective nfl organizations and your counter-argument is `` you 're wrong '' and your proof is that you allegedly deadlift 500 pounds ? 
  weapon switching on the move ? 
  holy shit that 's huge enough news to warrant its own post . 
  how is a bag that ca n't keep its shape easier to dispense out of than a bottle or a carton that 's solid with a nice purposfully shaped hole to pour out of ? 
  pretty sure the president is n't in charge of everything any government employee or agency does during his presidency . 
  on the other hand we have a much more open mind about alcohol to begin with so we have a longer way to go if that 's what we are comparing to . 
  there is n't some universal definition of alcoholism that 's set in stone . 
  the definition commonly used in 2016 would consider that borderline alcoholism . 
  that 's his point . 
  i 'm saying `` he '' did n't raid anything . 
  south park has always been very aggressive with removing clips from youtube . 
  try uploading one that is n't filmed from a tv screen like this and see how long it lasts . 
  their own site has all the classic clips for free though . 
  this was my issue with the game too . 
  the wallhack made the game not fun to play so i decided to unbind it completely only to find out that a lot of the level design was built around using the wallhack all the time so it became a lot of trial and error . 
  that 's what eventually caused me not to keep playing it until the end . 
  i really wish they would 've made the exact game but without the wallhack ability all together and built the game taking that into consideration . 
   i 'm at a massive disadvantage, 
  it 's a single player game though, 
  let 's just stick with [ 6-1 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rutd098.jpg ), 
  dude weed lmao, 
  i wonder why these maps always portray the finnish coast as if swedish speakers were a majority . 
  like neck anal without the al, 
  i meant like an official blog post like this top 10 list . 
   you 're able too unbind commanding ai with the number keys, 
  since when ? 
  i always hated not being able to rebind number keys . 
  1 . true, 
  2 . true, 
  3 . true, 
  4 . true, 
  5 . true, 
  6 . kinda strange logic but at least the part about racism is true, 
  7 . true, 
  8 . do n't know anything about fur farms, 
  9 . true, 
  10 . true, 
  what 's the drama about ? 
  it 's actually pretty accurate . 
  yeah and as many people with common sense will tell you , it 's not at all uncommon for kids in general to not have a fucking clue about anything when they are 8 years old . 
  first graders want to be things that are n't even human when they grow up . 
  does traditional child abuse get you spots on the city council ? 
  i do n't think so , does that mean it does n't happen ? 
  good thing mummy brings your tendies right to the computer so you 'll never have to risk walking outside and seeing such a thing . 
  i do n't see what the problem is . 
  those are facts that can be backed up by evidence available with a little googling . 
  finland is one of the most expensive countries in the world . 
  unemployment has increasing steadily for years . 
  finland does have a long , dark and cold winter . 
  the violent crime rate is increasing . 
  finland has some of the shortest prison sentences in the world . 
  racism towards immigrants is rampant . 
  what 's the issue here ? 
  you 're not allowed to bring up things that show finland in a bad light ?
