  trying out unique new things could very well be counterproductive to teaching his viewers the basics of painting making the whole thing pointless . 
  i think we 'd have to see some of his personal projects that were n't limited by this to estimate his talent as an artist . 
  not true tbh . 
  i mean i personally agree , but a lot of people enjoy the atmosphere . 
  i think black people stealing cars and gangbanging are just as much stereotypes so i 'm not really sure what you would want the first mission to be . 
  filing taxes ? 
  yeah about that ... 
  why would they edit it like that not showing the original ? 
  i wanted to hear the sound . 
  not if you 're more concerned of your pension than your health, 
  well to be fair there are people in that exact same position for their whole life . 
  because other people might want to do different things and you bothered to come out so it 'd feel like a waste of a good buzz to go home early . 
  no you ca n't . 
  you can stand inside a circle of the trees but at any given point you 're on one side of the los barrier, 
  do you have a mental disability of some sort ? 
  from the very beginning i was saying how they used a larger area for an los blocker than previously seen in starcraft 2 maps allowing for new type of maneuvering previously seen in games like league of legends . 
  now 10 messages later you 're telling me that 's what they 've done ? 
  you seriously went full fanboy retard and just argued for the sake of arguing to defend blizzard 's honor or some shit when i was never saying it like it was a bad thing or claiming they ripped it off . 
  games have been copying features from others since the 70s and there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  i do n't get either one of those though because i own my apartment . 
  you need to pay rent to get asumistuki and you ca n't own property to get toimeentulotuki . 
  but it is . 
  it might 've been possible in the editor before but it has never been used in a ladder map . 
  the los blockers used in wol and hots maps always placed the unit on one side of the blocker . 
  they were 2 dimensional barriers despite their 3d models . 
  now they apparently do have width allowing you to hide inside them . 
  that is new . 
  i do n't see how you can even argue that 's nothing new . 
  western rpg and japanese rpg are genres each with their own subgenres and the location of the studio does n't dictate which one a game is . 
  a japanese studio can make a western rpg . 
  it 's like with music . 
  a japanese band can make american style country music . 
  a european group can make jpop . 
  bloodborne is not a jrpg despite being made by a japanese company . 
  that 's like the opposite though . 
  bloodborne is like eating french fries in japan and saying they are thus japanese cuisine . 
  jrpg does n't just mean an rpg made in j. 
  it 's like if you were a musician playing traditional japanese music who moved abroad . 
  the music you play would still be traditional japanese music despite you not being in japan . 
  yet traditional japanese music is a distinct genre of music and not just any traditional music played within the borders of japan . 
  if i moved from europe to japan and kept playing the works of mozart they would n't become japanese classical music . 
  yes , behind . 
  not inside . 
  how many times does this have to be explained to you ? 
  thank you op for including those two reactions by other posters . 
  without them i would n't have known that this shit post was actually hilarious . 
  but it is , as has been previously explained to you numerous times . 
  i do n't think a dog showing it 's teeth in an aggressive manner like that to its owner is either funny or cute . 
   guess i should have known better than to get in the way of reddit 's daily need to show how much more they know about dogs than you, 
  maybe you should stop posting absolute bullshit about dog behaviour if this is a daily occurrence to you, 
  this might come as a shock to you but not only are there millions upon millions of indians with no type of formal education the world does n't actually revolve around europe . 
  how much do you know about the first and second sino-japanese wars for example ? 
  furthermore how much do you expect an average person on the street to know about them ? 
  and you likely live in a high quality of life western country where everyone has access to education . 
  and do n't you ever forget that goyim . 
  well surely you remember that 8 year long war from last century where an estimated 2-4 million soldiers and 20 million civilians died ? 
  i mean it would be totally absurd if you could n't name the leaders of those armies , right ? 
  well a lot of his stuff can be considered loli which is illegal in lots of places these days, 
  anywhere outside america and your ridiculous puritan values, 
  i 'm very aware of the los blockers in wol and hots, 
  nah it 's only cuck countries like uk that have made it illegal and even there it 's like someone posting cp on 4chan . 
  it 's not illegal to just see it, 
  so no mention of any kidnapping ? 
  her mom could n't reach her for one or two hours and decided the correct reaction is to post my daughter has been kidnapped on facebook ? 
  i agree it 's an absolutely terrible question but how the fuck do you manage to get it wrong ? 
  yeah if you wan na take selfies at kitchens you ca n't afford why the fuck would you go to ikea ? 
  it 's like going to walmart to take changing room selfies wearing clothes you ca n't afford . 
  how does not knowing that hinder your ability to answer the question ? 
  i do n't have a mortgage . 
  i use real names for anyone whose name i know tbh, 
  this is not the shitpost we deserve , but the one we need . 
  are you sour about something or why do you keep downvoting all my posts ? 
  random old crazy women spouting stupid shit is news now ? 
  oh yeah , it 's about the r-word . 
  you do realize that would prove absolutely nothing so it would be completely pointless to even bother ? 
  you should n't need a mod to make a game `` hd '' in the year 2015 . 
  no matter what platform those look like shit . 
   since mw3, 
  ayy lmao underage b &, 
  i have 100mbps down and could at any time switch to 400mbps for an extra 9,90 $ a month but do n't consider it worth it . 
  i would n't go under 100mbps though . 
   rome is in italy though , which has everything to do with meatballs . 
  not really . 
  spaghetti and meatballs is an american invention . 
  yeah that 's not a prediction . 
  that 's timing . 
  makes it even better imo considering how fast bara moves while charging . 
  pretty gud work tbh, 
   i posted a message as a way of letting those that knew him that he had passed, 
  an announcement with a few kind words is not the same as posting shit like `` i ca n't believe she 's really gone i ca n't get through this '' . 
   i would n't do it personally , but everyone grieves differently . 
  well he was n't saying he does n't believe anyone could do this . 
  he 's saying it makes him cringe . 
  which it does , despite the fact that people grieve differently . 
  i 'd `` give them a pass '' as well by not commenting on it but i would still think it 's incredibly tacky . 
  if you want to `` break the news to your larger circle of friends '' you post something like `` to those who did n't know : so and so passed away last week . 
  thank you for your kind words '' etc. 
  op 's posted is either a follow-up dwelling post or a late night drinking alone post . 
  well na is a joke and chinese are hard to get on a short notice so what do you want ? 
  posts like these are the reason i even visit comment sections,
