  it takes 15 000 people who want to spend $ 100,000 on killing lions . 
  it 's easier to circlejerk around a celebrity to form your own opinions and this certain celebrity has an itelligent and educated persona so it 's totally not like those other stupid celebrities on tv !, 
  yes as long as you remember it 's a comedy and not a genius social commentary to be worshipped like the average edgy teenager . 
  doxxing means digging out someone 's identity and personal information on the internet and spreading it . 
  this guy gave a statement to the news . 
  his identity was already well known . 
   the next best option to a real tooth itself . 
  they never decay , they never need root canals, 
  that sounds superior to real teeth . 
  why is it the `` next best option '' ? 
  sounds more like a spooky story to scare criminals . 
  i 'm not saying the could n't have had titanium teeth , because it 's totally possible . 
  just that `` titanium teeth '' are n't any worse than regular teeth despite sounding like jaws from james bond . 
  it 's like saying the dog had to go to the dentist for work related injuries . 
  if you google `` bridgeport sound '' you do n't even have to click on the first result to find out you 're wrong . 
  seems like less effort than posting a `` guess '' and spreading misinformation or am i missing out on some inside joke ? 
  ahl teams get good players for free, 
  nhl teams have a place for players who do n't quite fit the roster so they do n't just sit around not playing . 
  they get experience , can be called back at any time and the nhl team does n't have to negotiate a new deal every time . 
  i downvoted because i honestly do n't have a problem with microtransactions for purely cosmetic items . 
  that 's what this is . 
  entirely cosmetic . 
  and it 's $ 1 for 15 skins that look fairly well done so if you 're the kind of person who 's willing to pay money for cosmetic items in this game it does n't sound like a terrible deal . 
  i 've never heard of problems using a credit card in another country . 
  they 're all the same anyway . 
  i use my credit card more to buy stuff online from foreign sites than for anything else . 
  to play the devil 's advocate that set seems to include 5 free skins and 15 paid ones so maybe if mojang/ms did n't think they could make any money from this they would n't have bothered to release those 5 in the first place . 
  yeah the thing is valve does n't make its money from youtube ads . 
  these videos are ads in themselves . 
  ads for dota2 and steam . 
  i 'm sure valve is just happy they 're getting viewers and spread around regardless if it 's an official channel or not . 
  i know , but this guy is n't using his card abroad . 
  he 's trying to pay for stuff online . 
  well the difference between the two is n't 200 units so i 'm guessing that both of their hitboxes are outside the `` shard area '' and would get pushed except because of the mechanic you described the enemy gets pulled in . 
  the two do n't swap places despite looking like it . 
  now this i strongly doubt unless you have evidence of it . 
  what happens in op is explained by game mechanics and works `` as intended '' despite looking strange . 
  swapping places of 2 friendly units could n't be explained . 
  i never understood the alt item hotkey setup . 
  dota does n't require that many buttons and your items are among the most important ones . 
  why on earth would you put them behind a modifier ? 
  i have kind of the opposite where i use 1-6 for skills and erasdf for items . 
  i 'm used to using f1-f4 anyway from starcraft so having the hero groups in those is ok for me . 
  q is a-move and w is stop ( again a starcraft thing ) . 
  well the 3rd party bots on hardest difficulty were effectively npc 's with aimbot so it should n't really be a surprise they beat anybody, 
  s h i t p o s t b o i s, 
  that 's complete bullshit . 
  a person who is n't afraid to get caught using aimbot ( like a 100 difficulty bot ) can totally dominate any pro regardless how good they are . 
  the only weakness of an aimbot is trying to conceal it . 
  the post on top of the comment thread was talking about counter-strike 1 . x bots so that 's what i was talking about as well . 
  a game with hit scan and one shot kills . 
  the skill of the players is absolutely irrelevant . 
  there are aimbots that scan a 360 area every tick and will shoot a headshot if one is available regardless how the player is moving or positioning or watching . 
  you can have a baby playing and he 'd dominate pros . 
  obviously in a game with projectile mechanics and having to lead your shots an aimbot is n't as strong . 
  autism is tough like that . 
  it 's hard to differentiate between friendly banter and bm and you want to be like other boys so you pretend to get offended when you feel like it 's the correct response . 
  heroes that utilize the rapier are in the meta and 17 million dollars brings out that fighting spirit where you keep trying and go for these high risk high reward plays that you might not have the motivation to try in a $ 300 online league game . 
  seeing any rage in my post is a bit of a stretch, 
  he keeps asking `` what do you think sheever '' much more often than sheever has anything worth contributing, 
  well to be fair it is kind of bullshit comparison . 
  i know a horse is stronger than a man but the horse is running forwards with a harness making sure he 's pulling the rope . 
  those guys spend more energy trying to hold onto the rope than they do actually pulling it . 
  they 're not even facing the right direction . 
  maybe having access to all the porn on the internet for free has ruined me but i really find it hard trying to exited at larkin love acting when i 've seen her having totally similiar reactions when `` fucking '' a god damn plastic doll . 
  that 's all her videos were for like the first 2 years . 
  a fake dick and monologues . 
  i think for a lot of people the `` wall '' is not so much building their pc as it is dealing with having all the choices and the pressure of picking the right parts or the right pre-built and accesories and input devices and knowing games have customization that might affect your performance and maybe your opponent has optimized his config files and keybinds and scripts while you 're on default settings or maybe he gets more fps or has a 144hz monitor and has an advantage every time you 1v1 etc. 
  compared to just `` buy xbox , play game , know it 's even '' . 
  yeah that 's what it looked like . 
  seems to work fine but i 'm kinda disappointed that it follows the `` streamlined = more settings hidden behind unnecessary clicks '' school of tought . 
  as a guy who likes to be a fan of the unpopular picks i find it quite incredible that i get to full on fanboy arguably the 2nd best player in the world . 
  it 's incredible how disliked he is for a guy who practices hard , donates tons to charity and biggest weakness is that he `` is n't messi '' . 
  nyx not naix, 
  nyx got picked too for the first time today . 
  because the comment thread was about `` counter-strike 1 . x '' and honestly i did n't even realize `` q3cpma '' was referring to quake . 
  before cs : cz there were no official bots so every set of bots was `` something something bots '' named after the guy who scripted them . 
  i just assumed q3cpma was yet another one among the vast selection of cs 1 . x bots . 
  i 'm not on my own computer this week and for some reason it does n't default to `` source '' like it does at home ( or change language to english ) so every time i reload i have to change it to source . 
  also even if i did n't have this issue the menu is hidden anyway unless you hover over it so i just do n't see the benefit of hiding a few icons in a menu bar that has to be seperately activated to begin with . 
  no shit ? 
  well this certainly is shitty, 
  as a former user of empornium.us , tna and cheggit i can say empornium.me is doing just fine, 
  `` virgin '', 
  in finland you have to be able to swin 100m to pass middle school . 
  i actually know people who had to go and do the swim test on the last day of school because they skipped it originally . 
  it 's `` gypped '' not jipped . 
  well 1 friend out of 20 tries is still 1 more friend than you would 've gotten by kos \u4e41 \u25d4 \u203f \u25d4 \u273f \u310f, 
  how 's the sgdq doing this time viewer number-wise ? 
  i 've watched all the s/agdqs for many years but having it at the same time as ti definitely makes it impossible for me to watch . 
  i am planning to catch the vods though . 
  i 'm glad he 's given a 6th chance to enter matchmaking, 
  not separately, 
  yeah and there 's absolutely zero advantage to getting more than 300, 
  league has rules how you have to lane ? 
  i do n't remember cm having lingerie like that, 
  i love that youtube comment, 
  they had sex together after the interview !, 
  lol  ) ), 
  i know .
