   with one of the top comments saying how crap their engine is ( i have no clue if that is the case as i have no knowledge in that field ), 
  it 's absolutely atrocious and affects gameplay just as much as visuals . 
  it was shit already when fo3 came out and fo4 just has an `` upgraded '' version of the same shitty engine . 
  it should be mentioned because it 's very important and holding the games back . 
  naturally it would require you to open chat just like scrolling chat or seeing the last however many kills it is currently requires . 
  it 's not `` professionalism '' . 
  it 's consistency in art style . 
  very different things . 
  yeah also check out some of the lighting mods . 
  i do n't like any of the texture mods and i definitely would n't recommend any content mods for first playthrough but the mods that make the wasteland not have a blue/green tint everywhere are pretty invaluable . 
  [ unofficial fallout 3 patch ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/19122/ ? ), 
  [ fellout ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/2672/ ? ), 
  [ smoothlight ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/18389/ ? ), 
  [ realistic interior lighting ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/9250/ ? ), 
  redditor for 1 year, 
  why was she recording in the first place ? 
  you do n't know how heavy that rack is though . 
  could be all steel and that position she 's in is pretty dangerous . 
  metal encased in plastic or rubber is n't uncommon in gym equipment, 
  well yeah but the [ mi-24 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wjrjdwe.jpg ) has a whole cargo compartment with windows and everything . 
  not really comparable . 
  i do n't think they just let random people in and if they 're friendly soldiers then i do n't see what the problem is . 
  if a soldier went crazy and wanted to harm their allies they do n't need more than a rifle . 
  detonating a grenade in a transport helicopter would probably do more damage than fiddling with apache controls and anyone can do that . 
  why would you add your mom in the first place ? 
  she 's not your friend , she 's your parent . 
  did you just copy and paste the top comments from liveleak ? 
  now i kinda want it, 
   however , the officer denies that he drove drunk and insists that he only had one or two drinks before the conference . 
  i understood that as he did drive there , but denies being wasted and thus did n't drive drunk . 
  more like psychosis tbh, 
  trust me you wo n't miss it, 
  it would be too expensive to ship him there, 
  tbh that push was the thing that made me think it 's fake, 
  we 're in flordia, 
  that bacon looks raw and gross, 
  i still have a ceramic starbucks christmas cup that 's even older than all of those ( 2007 i think ) and it 's just a red cup with snowflakes and a small logo on the inside of the cup . 
   it 's hard not to go out and buy black ops 3, 
  not really, 
  there is no `` gifv '' . 
  it 's just a stupid attempt by imgur to rebrand webm, 
  if you right click and save the video it 's webm, 
  if every new technology that gets introduced in gaming is a `` controversial conspiracy '' against a card manufacturer maybe that card manufacturer should re-evaluate its priorities . 
  when every new technology that gets introduced is `` sabotage '' of amd cards maybe amd should look in the mirror . 
  i know people who do n't like it , but all of them decided on not liking it without seeing a single episode . 
  why not just get the global keys that do n't require a vpn ? 
  fo4 is like 42.99 from g2a/kinguin etc. 
  which is exactly what he did, 
  the global ( not russian ) steam key for fo4 pc is 45 $ ( 68 dollarydoos ) in g2a . 
  fallout 4 giveaway if nobody replies anymore . 
  yeah but there are places that try to prevent the us from looking . 
  germany is n't one of those places . 
  because germany is america 's bitch, 
  they are n't amish . 
  they 're allowed to use modern technology . 
  i think it 's pretty safe to assume they wanted to wear their nicest clothes for when the photographer got there . 
  if you look at the older daughters ' hands it 's pretty clear they 're used to work that is n't done in an attire like they 're wearing . 
  damn that 's a well trained dog, 
  one of my favourite reddit posts of all time was a rant about how mm never has close games but instead being always a stomp either way . 
  i might be paraphrasing a little because i do n't have it saved but it said, 
   there 's always either 5 idiots in the enemy team or 4 idiots on mine, 
  works perfectly for me . 
  the only problem with oddshot is it makes it too easy to upload poorly cut clips with fixed time limits . 
  still qt :3, 
  was everyone in ww2 a manlet ? 
  `` asians are good at math '' is a racist statement, 
   to them , there is no `` boy '' or `` girl '' gender , they can only see one . 
  i find that pretty hard to believe, 
  yeah and the monsters were cool . 
  all 151 of them . 
  reminded me of this [ clip ] ( http://a.pomf.cat/vrhdvv.webm ) featuring average swedes . 
  they 're just swedish, 
   25k a year . 
  i 'm not good with money , and would consider headphones at 60 $ to be fine , but 80 $ to require thinking and be a big purchase, 
  i make less than 10k a year and can easily see myself buying $ 500 headphones . 
  just because people joke about tipping fedoras does n't mean there are n't people who actually do it, 
  it did n't start out as a joke either, 
  you car 's pretty shitty, 
  tbh the stealth archer route makes a lot more sense thematically than putting standing in bullets and smashing your way to victory, 
  does it make any difference whether you are spotted though ? 
  he still has to get out , right ? 
  so if you were spotted trying to pickpocket you would n't have gotten the fusion core ? 
  wow really ? 
  cool to know , i 've never seen one before . 
  because ever since oblivion bethesda has been emphasizing marketing and catering to a casual audience who could n't care less about the engine or textures and the people who post online about animations being tied to fps etc. 
  are an extreme minority even if they are a vocal one . 
  and that 's the way we liked it !, 
  actually i live a pretty nice life playing vidya with my expensive headphones and top tier computer, 
  just do what the rest of us do . 
  never reveal your power level in public . 
   two or three kinds of shovels in the garage for different kinds of snow, 
  i live up north where we get tons of snow and i 've never heard of people having different kinds of shovels for different types of snow, 
  why the hats though ? 
  they do n't look very warm, 
   i have never heard of anyone 's roof collapsing under the weight of snow, 
  have you ever read a newspaper ? 
  i do n't know about the old believers from op 's post but sami people like you linked only wear that stuff at traditional holidays etc. 
  how is that bragging ? 
  ok but how is it bragging ? 
  i 'm pretty sure this is common knowledge .
