  it 's a good feeling . 
  yes it is, 
   after a few weeks we were so sick of beef, 
  how do you get sick of beef ? 
  i eat beef basically 7 days a week and i have n't even bought a cow . 
  getting sick of beef sounds like getting sick of milk or getting sick of bread . 
  it does n't happen . 
  that looks amazing, 
  if one of the tastiest things you 've ever eaten is fast food garbage then i 'm truly sorry for you . 
  thats why he buys 2 pounds, 
  it 's by pandemic studios who also made mercenaries 1 & 2 which seem to be much more well known . 
  and you can definitely feel it , it 's like mercenaries 3 with a ww2 skinpack over it . 
  as someone who loved mercenaries 2 i definitely enjoyed saboteur all the way to the end though it was far from perfect . 
  if you liked mercenaries 2 you 'll probably like this as well . 
  i do n't know what plebville you came from but ever since they started releasing one each year the public opinion has definitely been against the ac games . 
  it 's like cod . 
  sells like crack yet nobody admits they like it . 
   having used both i can say they vastly outperform the level of `` gimmick '' . 
  that said , the astro mixamp is the secret to astro audio , and as a result you can use any headphones with it . 
  good to hear that . 
  though i 'm still a bit spectical about 120-150 $ headphones for the pc costing 100 $ extra because the mixamp is required with ps4 . 
   i apparently ca n't get into a game with no structure, 
  did you ever play with legos as a kid ? 
  did you build your own stuff or just complete the instructions on the package and considered it `` complete '' ? 
  i do n't think `` pissing off one random girl by calling her fat '' really qualifies as insanity wolf . 
  yeah never mix business with pleasure . 
  smoking in the car is never smart but if you 're gon na do it at least do it when you do n't have any extra weed on you . 
  well i 'm not british nor american and i knew `` tinkle '' could mean both a piss and a phone call so maybe your vocabulary is just limited, 
  taking the bus is considered `` walking '' in the u.s. ? 
  beats specialize in this kind of shit . 
  they sent all the athletes at the 2014 winter olympics a pair of beats without discussing it with the olympic committee or paying anyone a dime . 
  same with 2014 world cup . 
  the ioc and fifa both banned athletes entering stadiums wearing beats headphones but you could still see them all the time in the tv broadcast . 
  athletes are human , if you give them 200 $ headphones for free and ship them to their hotel at the event they 'll probably use them when they have a need for headphones . 
  the worst part was he replaced `` nigga '' with `` guy '' . 
  here 's a video highlighting the language used in a popular pop song . 
  let me just censor a part of it . 
  `` indoor dog '' means the dog gets to come inside as well . 
  an outside dog is always outside . 
  not really . 
  dogs are basically tamed wolves . 
  they 're fine outside , as long as they have shelter from rain and wind etc. 
  you should n't take an indoor dog and suddenly make it an outside dog , but if a dog has spent its entire life outside it 'd probably be very uncomfortable locked inside a house . 
  look pretty fun to me, 
  might be splitting hairs but i 'm pretty sure the guiness world record book was made as a bar * trivia * reference book , a british tradition . 
  not bar * arguments * . 
  but like i said , it 's a small distinction . 
  so because it 's not required by the law in some bizarre place people ca n't give advice ? 
  being a `` choice '' does n't mean the choices are equal . 
  sawing your own leg off is a `` choice '' . 
  yeah but glass bottles are for the fancy stuff, 
  yeah i do n't condone that at all but i find it hard to believe the number `` 69 '' getting hit is a coincidence . 
  we all know the # 69 's . 
  because like he said she had a habit of doing these tease `` almost nude '' photos where she is technically nude yet from the side or behind etc. 
  it could be this photo was taken between poses . 
  because it has tons of quality content youtube wo n't allow ? 
  have you heard of an hdmi cable ? 
  if it 's on your computer you can view it from your tv . 
  why do those speakers look like pictures of speakers printed out on paper and glued to the monitor ? 
   i think his earlier videos did n't have him interfering to the level of standing infront of cars in roads . 
  that is ridiculous . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i watched the video twice and he did n't stand in front of a car on a road for a single moment . 
  it 's still up on liveleak . 
  http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=975_1403045101 no standing in front of cars at any point . 
  actually that liveleak post has been reuploaded as well a week after the original upload so it is possible he edited out a clip like the one you were describing . 
  i read it more as a `` fun fact '' or a tidbit than pro anything . 
  who would think `` they did it 2500 years ago '' is a good point to support your argument on any topic ? 
  they did a lot of stuff 2500 years ago that should n't be legal today . 
  i spent about 30 minutes googling u.s submarine fusion reactors because it went against anything i thought i knew on the subject . 
  came back to the article and it said `` fission '' . 
  glad to see i was n't just imagining things . 
  it does n't look that much faster . 
  maybe 110 % or something . 
  look at the other people walking/reacting . 
   alright im going to give this a go . 
   so an estimate of the distance of the total length the car travels on the screen is about 40ft . 
  after timing the car 10 times through the screen i got an average of about .5 seconds . 
  this gives a speed of about 80ft/sec ( approx . 
  54mph ) . 
   it is a little harder to get the bikers speed so i took the average biking speed from google , which is 9.6 mph or approx . 
  14 ft/sec . 
  i estimate her distance from the path of the car when she falls to be about 15 to 20 ft assuming the car is about 5 ft wide . 
   from the time she falls to the time the car passes her projected path is about 1.25 seconds . 
   in 1.25 seconds the girl travels 17.5 ft. at this time she would be dead center to the car ... dead center, 
  the `` official '' armwrestling rules used in the world championships etc are bitch rules . 
  you 're allowed to hold onto a pole and use your entire body weight etc. 
  so while having a huge right arm definitely helps i guess they use more chest muscles than arm muscles really . 
   he continually gets to fuck one of the hottest women in the world, 
  but the article says he can only have sex with megan fox ? 
  oh she totally was hot in like 2007 and before . 
  now she looks more like jocelyn wildenstein with all the comically overdone plastic surgery . 
  still would n't shoo her away if she wanted to try out her open relationship on me but she 's far from hottest women in the world . 
  she 's probably not even the hottest woman on her block . 
  yeah ps3 psn was utter shit . 
  people tried to pretend the free online was an advantage , the reality was i would 've gladly paid the 4 $ a month to get xbox live quality online play . 
  my biggest fear in skipping the xbox this generation and putting all eggs on ps4 's basket was the online play , seems like i was right to fear it . 
  i 've had maybe 5 minutes of internet downtime in 5 years so that comparison does n't mean much . 
   its happens at times . 
  it does when it 's like a little hole or a gap or something and you see a pixel that should n't be there and take a shot at it .
