  i think it 's more likely they 'll just pirate the shows instead of wathching it on a legit website . 
  full speed , no ads , hd quality , no need to stream . 
  i watch all my hbo shows in hd and i 've paid a total of $ 0, 
  yes i actually already subscribe to a few - porn subreddits but this was a new one . 
  i should go through all of them one day and add the best ones . 
  i think you accidentally, 
  i really did n't care enough to read all of that but, 
   addictions are entirely personal things , and differ from one person to the next . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  i was just saying that a lot of people have this `` i ca n't even smell alcohol '' attitude when in fact all that means is that you 're still letting alcohol control your life . 
  aa does a lot of good , but they also fuck tons of shit up . 
  me neither but i think in the u.s you start 1st grade at age 6 so . . 10 and 13 ? 
  i actually did end up skimming through all that so it did n't go completely to waste . 
   i think that tl ; dr crap is one of the problems that 's wrong with the world ... too little attention span eventually turns into not giving a fuck . 
  you have a point , yes , but also we 're on a website where people submit thousand of hours of interesting text every day in forms of links and comments . 
  you really have to pick which text is worth the effort/time . 
  it 's not like i spend more than 10 hours a day here . 
  yeah i 'm kinda 50-50 on this too . 
  on the other hand i agree that putting these girls in the sex offender list etc would be way to harsh for a 13-year old . 
  then again boys the same age have landed there for much less ( for example slapping a butt ), 
  there 's too much interesting shit on the interbutt to care about every single ( long ) post, 
  well of course but you ca n't mention that on reddit without being downvoted into oblivion . 
  where i live the prices have gone up ridiculously in the last 10 years . 
  like 3-5x honestly . 
   i feel like if you 're going to sell drugs for profit you should be selling something else . 
  weed is the easiest drug to produce with little to no knowledge . 
  also it 's the easiest to sell . 
  you can make tons of money with little effort ( and free weed ), 
  fukken saved, 
  it 's the 7th link on the front page bitches, 
  how strong should it be ? 
  still over 90 % ? 
  i never said they would n't stay on the internet . 
  my comment was a response to the `` they just wo n't watch your shows '' part of the sentence, 
  we are very simple people with very small penis . 
  we can not achieve so much with such small penis , but you american wow , penis so big , so big penis !, 
  if it makes you feel better i can replace `` u.s '' with `` u.s and canada '' in that post up there, 
   second , why the fuck would he come all the way the fuck across the world as an adult to go to america to get an education when the primo schools were already at his fingertips ? 
  the education 's an excuse to get your parents to pay for a year abroad , idiot . 
  besides , you 're barking up the wrong tree here . 
  i 'm that guy who 's always explaining how not all americans are stupid rednecks . 
  and trust me it 's not easy in europe . 
  stull that does n't mean that you 're country 's education would n't suck ass . 
  just [ look at this wikipedia article about pisa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/programme_for_international_student_assessment ) . 
  i 'm from finland so that 's the quality i 'm used to . 
  and i have n't been to an american college , i know they are of way better quality than k-12 . 
  that 's why i do n't even pretend to know anything about colleges . 
  they 're hitting women so it 's bad and front page worthy . 
  well like i said , college education is a whole other deal than high school . 
  i do n't know shit about american college 's and have n't claimed to know . 
  and besides poland is n't the paradise of culture and education either, 
  most young people do . 
  people who realize the power of internet over tv are also often young . 
  and as years go more and more people will have born in the era of the internet . 
  well the thing is , i never said most people pirate so i have no idea why you are even arguing about this with me . 
  let the windows circlejerk commence, 
  how am i playing gta in a window on my imac while redditing right now ? 
  you do realize that you can push other carts with the powered one ? 
  there 's really no need to link them , just put them in a line and place the powered one last . 
  or have one in either end and just power the one that opposite of the direction you want it to go . 
  i said that in response to, 
   once someone has made the effort to look for entertainment over the internet , you 've lost them . 
  making it annoying to watch tv over the internet will not bring them back to cable . 
  the entire internet is now at their door . 
  they 'll stay on the internet , they just wo n't watch your shows . 
  most people do n't pirate , no . 
  but most people also do n't watch their tv shows via the internet and get raped with ads either . 
  out of those people i do n't think it 's ludicrous to assume that a large portion if not a majority would start pirating . 
  actually solid 100 fps and everything loads in less than seconds . 
  and because it 's in a virtual machine i can just suspend it and . . 
  unsuspend ( ? ), 
  it whenever i want . 
  no more worrying about saving or starting up the game and loading the save etc , i just press start , wait 5 seconds and resume where i last left off . 
  also i can have my own checkpoints wherever i want . 
  well touch\u00e9 but that was n't actually the one i was talking about, 
  because playing it in a virtual machine has tons of advantages . 
  i can just suspend it and . . 
  unsuspend ( ? ), 
  it whenever i want . 
  no more worrying about saving or starting up the game and loading the save etc , i just press start , wait 5 seconds and resume where i last left off . 
  also i can have my own checkpoints wherever i want . 
  well then they truly are useless . 
  and you take it as an insult against your glorious nation when i question a single teaching method that , like you said , is used outside the u.s as well, 
  virtual machine windows 7 . 
  i also have dual boot but i do n't think i 've ever booted to it after installing it . 
   but rarely a map of what they would actually look like , at least theoretically, 
  i do n't really get it . 
  what makes this any different from a regular map with just rest of u.s cropped out and some color thrown in top of it ? 
  i 'm not really sure . 
  my prosessor is a 2,93 ghz intel i7 if that helps , i could n't find the specific model name . 
  flawless , runs like a charm . 
  of course it 's no match for a hi-performance gaming pc but for example bfbc2 runs great without dropping the fps . 
  true , but i could have a legal yet still superior solution if i wanted to with this setup . 
  people post pictures of women being punched on the internet . 
  1000 + upvotes in an hour . 
  the law prohibits a man from getting treatment to his cancer . 
  200 upvotes in 6 hours . 
  i know id 's for too many to start listing them all out , pick some of your favourites . 
  yeah . 
  amia moretti in just over eighteen 22 .
