  do people actually play full matches against bots ? 
  i thought the feature was just to allow testing of mechanics at the fountain . 
  but is n't the freedom of capitalism the possibility to give the job to the one willing to do it for less ? 
  this whole `` illegal immigrant issue '' sounds pretty unamerican to me . 
  same applies in europe . 
  i 'm finnish and anyone who 's worked construction will tell you estonians do twice the job with less pay . 
  they take like 5 minutes to eat once a day while finnish workers will take every break ( not a bad thing , just how it is ) and do most stuff as slowly as possible because if you 're quick once you 're expected to keep up that speed in the future . 
  this is ( an old ) ranking about the percentage of people above bmi 30 . 
  it 's not completely worthless but the type of people in op 's pic are [ far above 30 ] ( http://www.scientificpsychic.com/health/bmi-male.jpg ) and america has more `` morbidly obese '' ( 40 + ) than any other nation . 
  not if you 're hardcore, 
   a buddy of mine , first time souls player , went the catacomb route when he started too . 
  his solution was to lure all the skeletons by the cliff and kicked them all down . 
  i was impressed . 
  haha i did the same thing but never was able to get past the exploding heads . 
  clearing the gargoyles 3 hours into your first playthrough sounds a bit unrealistic, 
  dae the truth without fanboying a publisher ? 
  demons souls , dark souls and bloodborne are a trilogy of `` spiritual successors '' that each take place in different universes . 
  dark souls 2 is a cash grab by namco bandai made by a different team , different director , different lead programmer , different writers etc. 
  just cashing in on the unexpected western success of the first dark souls game . 
  it 's not just the director that changed , dks2 was developed from the start by from software 's `` b-team '' . 
  same way how `` ubisoft '' or `` rockstar '' make a ton of games but in reality there 's 20 different `` ubisoft '' studios https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ubisoft#studios and 7 different rockstars https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rockstar_games#studios . 
  of course they are under same ownership and share information unlike competitors but they were not developed by the same people . 
  of course you * can * do that but the game design does n't allow it . 
  that 's like installing a mod that allows no clipping and then saying `` dark souls allows you to walk through walls '' . 
  i know it 's physically possible to do with some 3rd party tools but the game is not designed to function that way . 
  yeah but after you die twice there 's really no downside to dying . 
  i 've definitely made some excellent runs while raging , one that particularly comes to mind is bonfire to o&s fog wall ( and the o&s fight ) on the first playthrough . 
  yeah i 've never used the rusted iron ring in blight town . 
  not saying it 's a smart approach but i never really even thought of it until like my 3rd playthrough and at that point i did n't really spend extra time exploring blight town any way . 
  you do n't need to start over because of bad leveling on your first playthrough . 
  there 's no level cap . 
  i leveled both strenght and dex and faith and ended up relying on sorceries on my first playthrough . 
   what should i switch it out with ? 
  practically every weapon in the game ( there are a few obscure exceptions like straight sword hilt or the whip ) is totally viable . 
  what you should use comes down to your playstyle and what stats you 're planning on leveling up . 
  and when comparing weapons always remember that the moveset ( = animations ) is much more important than the damage values . 
  too many new players just compare the damage and always pick the higher one . 
   it 's my first playthrough, 
  then get out of here and go experience the game blind . 
  you 'll be sorry if you waste this once in a lifetime opportunity . 
  if it 's your first playthrough why are you following some guide that requires an overpowered ring ? 
  why do you even know what you 're trying to do ? 
  if you 've played the game on console it 's absolute constant suffering even if you manage not to die . 
  and the bridge is a fucking maze , i still do n't know if there 's a real route through it . 
  i just jump down to platforms and pray for it to end at some point . 
  buy a controller . 
  there 's no reason for a pc gamer not to own a controller in the year 2015 . 
  it does n't make you any less master race . 
  it 's not easy to make a game hard but not unfair . 
  that 's why dark souls did n't spawn as many copycats as other games with similiar critical acclaim . 
  because to copy dark souls would require to make a game with responsive gameplay , good ai , good animations etc. 
  saying `` just make a game like dark souls '' is like `` just make a good game '' . 
  i do n't know what 's daunting about an open world . 
  for me it was cemetery , fail . 
  new londo , fail . 
  undead burg , success . 
  taurus , success . 
  drake , fail . 
  black knights , fail . 
  pig , success . 
  church , fail . 
  titanite demon , fail . 
  `` maybe i can fight gargoyles now that i can upgrade weapons '' , success . 
  new londo , fail again . 
  lower burg , success . 
  and from there on out it 's pretty linear to the second bell . 
  there was n't a point where i was `` stuck '' with no other optional routes to try . 
  open world games are hugely popular and have been for a long time . 
  i do n't get why dark souls would suddenly be intimidating when nobody says the same about games like gta and fallout . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with the rest but how is dark souls `` artificially difficult '' ? 
  it 's universally praised by critics and gamers for being difficult in just the right way . 
  i took long breaks even before that . 
  i think as early as the gargoyles . 
  after that i definitely took a break in anor londo when i could n't find anywhere to go . 
  and one more at o&s . actually probably before i had even tried o&s but at the `` o&s bonfire '' . 
  i 've never even been there on pc and hate that fucking ledge with all my heart . 
  someone one-shot the gargoyles for me on my first playthrough and from that point on i realized never to summon again until i had beat the game . 
  when i sunbro myself i usually never hit the bosses . 
  i just block them or draw aggro whenever the guy i 'm supposed to be helping starts screwing up . 
  feels so much better when they finally beat it `` themselves '' . 
  yeah but how is a joke with the word `` fuck '' not okay to read on a crowded bus ? 
  if someone 's staring your phone screen over your shoulder carefully enough to read an entire joke they can hardly complain . 
  i get it for not opening titty pic thumbnails in public but text nsfw i will never understand . 
  yeah gore and porn . 
  we 're talking about a joke with the word `` fuck '' in it . 
  the topic was nsfw for text posts , not nsfw tag in general . 
  if your boss is going to claim a joke with the word `` fuck '' is erotica then he can claim the fucking weather forecast is erotica . 
  well i ca n't forcibly stop him so it 's not really a question of `` letting him '' do anything as my power is limited to giving advice on the internet and that 's what i 'm doing . 
  yeah but that 's just difficult . 
  artificially difficult is used in reference to `` cheap tricks '' to make a game difficult like rng instadeaths etc. 
  but it does bring benefit . 
  i just said it 's possible to not notice it right away . 
  and the first point of you owning a mouse that does n't allow it was much more likely anyway . 
  [ baseless and emotionally driven ` points ' ] ( https://i.imgur.com/fbkr63j.jpg ), 
   is it justifided, 
  i knew nothing about the game when i started and just jumped in to learn by playing so probably yeah, 
   that sucks, 
  it also allowed me to raise my mmr by a thousand in a few months and still keeps going up so the feeling of progress is nice, 
   how good is the rating rater if you join with a team, 
  i do n't know what this means .
