   some civilians are armed and some will pick up weapons on the ground like the woman does when tb is near the start . 
  not before you start shooting though . 
   in mkx the violence is not the point of the game . 
  what ? 
  that 's exactly the point of the game . 
  the people who play mk because of it 's `` deep mechanics as a fighting game '' are a vast minority . 
  most people who buy the game or watch it on twitch etc. 
  just wan na see the fatalities and the brutalities etc. 
  and stop playing it in a week . 
  the violence is what makes the brand and without it there would be no mortal kombat series . 
   carmageddon did it in the 90s , postal did it in the 90s ,, 
  yeah . 
  in the 90s . 
  do you think the majority of the `` gaming press '' or random forum commenters who are shocked by hatred have played carmageddon or postal ? 
  or even know about them ? 
  carmageddon was semi-popular on the pc 20 years ago while postal 1 was always more of a niche game with zero advertisement budget you 'd maybe find a dusted copy of at the bottom of the sales bin . 
  just because something similiar happened in the 90s does n't mean that those games would n't create controversy now or that those games would n't have created controversy back then if gaming and gaming media was as big and mainstream as it is now . 
  the people who complain about hatred did n't automatically `` accept '' postal just because they were n't around to complain about it 20 years ago . 
   sure the targets are `` civilians '' but in reality they are just computer models in a video game, 
  yeah and serial killers and raped children might just be actors but that does n't mean film ca n't be traumatizing . 
  a well written story is much more effective than simple gore or violence . 
  a story can provoke much stronger emotions in me even if it 's just `` words typed on a keyboard by a writer '' than a video of a man getting beheaded by isis that is `` real '' . 
  just because all violent games are n't automatically popular does n't mean a well established brand over 3 decades ca n't rely on violence as its selling point . 
  so . . a yes ? 
   she graduated high school a week ago . 
   she just turned 18, 
  so she 's basically a child and you have to go to the internet for advice because you ca n't `` handle '' her asking a few intrusive questions ? 
  just tell her to fuck off ( you can word it more politely if you wish ) and the problem is solved . 
  do you think the people complaining about hatred have purchased postal for their android or iphone ? 
   yes , lets fucking compare a musical to real athletes doing real physical activities and putting their body in pain and danger every day . 
  totally comparbale . 
  you do n't think ice dancing is a `` real physical activity '' ? 
  a lot of the stuff those guys do seems a lot more difficult to pull of than falling on a table or getting hit in the head with a chair . 
   except the fact that the wwe calls it sports entertainment . 
  you mean world wrestling federation calls it that ? 
   then you do n't know what fake is . 
  there is a major difference between fake and scripted . 
  its not just physically challenging . 
  the shit they do in the ring is real . 
  the endings and rivalries are scripted . 
  it 's not real . 
  it 's physically challenging and it sure can hurt but it 's not a real competition . 
  the `` athletes '' are working together to provide you with an impressive spectacle , they 're not competing . 
  it 's `` fake '' the same way a movie or a theater play is `` fake '' . 
  stunt doubles do impressive shit and get injured as well , that does n't make the latest james bond movie `` real '' . 
  yeah because nothing is as much fun as getting matched up against 5 afk ` ers and wasting half an hour but you got a free victory woaw . 
  gta5 rampage missions were different from the ones in vice city for example . 
  they have a little cut scene in which trevor is threatened before he starts shooting . 
   society deems unnatural in regard to children, 
  we 're talking about an 18 year old trying for a baby who constantly talks about babies to her family members . 
  i think turning that into `` society not accepting my stance on children '' is a bit of a stretch . 
  so . . it 's fake but it takes practice and training like any other performance ? 
  is n't that what i 've been saying the entire time ? 
  and you 're an adult defending pro wrestling on the internet . 
  think about that . 
  in fact crash team racing proved that idea wrong, 
   close to zero knowledge of it . 
  that 's not true . 
  there was actually kind of a wwe craze when i was a kid so when i was about 10-11 i did watch every episode of smackdown and raw for like 2 years . 
  the fad died by the time i reached middle school though . 
   that child can not get past op 's unaccepted stance on children . 
  much like a repetitive error code . 
  see this is where i think you 're imagining something that is n't there . 
  i think it 's just an 18 year girl who likes to constantly talk about herself and the things in her life just like almost every other 18 year old girl . 
  she could go crazy over knitting and talk about nothing but sweaters and wool socks every time they meet and it 'd be just as annoying but it would n't be `` oh i 'm a victim of society how do i deal with this she 's been brainwashed to think everyone loves warm sweaters '' . 
  i could tell by the trailer that star wars is a fictional movie . 
  just like wrestling is fake . 
  i could tell by the trailer that star wars is a fictional movie . 
  just like wrestling is fake . 
   i have told her to fuck off more than once, 
  have you really ? 
  because if you 've actually talked to her and made it clear you do n't want her asking about that and she blatantly refused your wish and did the exact opposite then i do n't think you 'd be saying, 
   i do n't mind being around her she 's a sweet girl, 
  it sounds a lot more like avoiding confrontation in real life and venting on the internet . 
  do what everyone else in the thread has said : speak to her and be direct . 
  do n't beat around the bush if it really bothers you that much . 
  how many points does sleeping with your opponent 's wife and faking your own death get you in the olympics ? 
   one of the worst periods of time for the wwe, 
  the stunts being more spectacular and the plots being even more ridiculous would n't make it any less fake . 
  i never said `` pro wrestling '' sucked . 
   pro wrestling is n't fake , you know why ? 
   because parts of it is real . 
   just because some parts are fake , it doesnt make the whole thing fake . 
  so if you held a sporting tournament and scripted the matches or pre-determined the winners but the athletes would still have to perform these stunts you 've scripted it would n't be fake because a part of it is real ? 
  i 'm pretty sure your local athletic commission or its equivalent would n't agree . 
  if any part of it is fake it 's fake . 
   the in ring action is real . 
  the weapons are real . 
  the bumps are real . 
  the suplexs are real . 
  the dives are real . 
  the pain is real . 
  the high risk for injuries is real . 
  so the in ring action as in the fake punches and the throws in which the `` victim '' does half of the heavy lifting are real ? 
  the in ring action of silly comebacks and `` accidental '' knockouts and heroic last second saves 20 times per match are real ? 
  it 's just a video clip with no editing . 
  it 's recorded from dotatv so he probably used a software like nvidia shadowplay which saves the last 15 minutes instantly with no rendering or anything like that ( it 's done on the fly ) and uploaded it to youtube . 
  it takes youtube only a minute or two to process a 1 minute long hd video . 
  i 'm guessing he did do the cutting on his end instead of uploading the entire thing to youtube first so that would add like 2 minutes including the rendering . 
  i 'm not downplaying his dedication , just saying that these days it 's not unrealistic having something up on youtube in 5 minutes using only a regular home pc .
