  these days they just release a dlc but they used to be `` separate games '' . 
  i do n't think they 'd understand the word schadenfreude, 
  in 11 and 12 the potential was a more important number than the overall . 
  but i do n't remember buying many players with overall and potential under 80 . 
  and this is where the thatsthejoke.jpg would go if op was n't a hot chick . 
  \\  referring to sg : atlantis as `` stargate '', 
  it 's stuff called fascia ; a fibrous type of membrane that is found throughout the body . 
  it looks like sheets of translucent white stuff . 
  there are several different fascia , like the pleura lining the lungs and the peritoneum lining the gut . 
  these anchor organs to each other ( and keep in mind organs include things like skin , muscle , and bone ) . 
   i like the new no career limit thing . 
  now you no longer have to worry about losing your star players . 
  that 's exactly what i hate about it . 
  star players should n't last forever . 
  especially now that they 're the only possible option for good players . 
  before you could get young players and train them to be super good relatively cheaply if you made good deals , buying packs was n't required to have 90 + ovr players . 
  now it 's just about whose mom has the biggest limit on their visa card . 
  \\  taking pride in using windows, 
  \\  glossy display, 
  modern sports games are n't even casual crappy games . 
  they have very high skill ceilings and lots of competition . 
  the only reason you see hate for sports games is neckbeards who either do n't understand sports or have this twisted `` nerds vs jocks '' attitude hammered into their brain . 
  the reason they call them nhl94 controls is because the controls used mainly face buttons from 94 to 06 . 
  x shoots , a passes etc. 
  07 introduced the new stick based controls . 
  that 's what it means , it 's not exactly the same as the controls we 're in 94 . 
   for a very simple reason : it took minutes to find an actual willing opponent in previous hut years because people would back out of every goddamn jersey select screen if your team had even a 1 ovr advantage on them . 
  no they did n't . 
  and now with the new star based system that little differences wo n't even show . 
  if you have 3 stars and the opponent has 4 stars that 's a valid reason to back down . 
  i agree with you . 
  i thought poke check was always effective in 11 and 12 but this year it 's just ridiculous . 
  that 's something that 'll most likely be adressed in patches though . 
  but the ability to break up passes is n't ( and should n't , it 's a good addition ) which is a great point because it makes one timer passes more risky so it makes no sense that once you are able to connect on a pass the shot has a worse chance of going in than if you had just shot a snap shot instead of passing in the first place . 
  i 've been trying to get some back and forth ( is it called criss-cross in english i 'm not sure ) action going on but for some reason i ca n't do it even remotely as effectively as in 11 and 12 . 
  something 's off with the passing . 
  which is a shame because that 's exactly what you 'd need in nhl13 because like you said the goalies tend to overcommit on the first pass . 
  it 's also very effective to just rush towards the net and to the side the pass was given from , as the goalies tend to often be out of position after a pass like that . 
  but even with these alternative ways to score i still do n't think one-timers should be as non-effective as they are . 
   inability to quickly adjust to a loose puck taking a bounce, 
  i have n't had a problem with it . 
  i think a lot of people underestimate the importance of the `` glide '' . 
  at least based on my opponents online . 
  funny thing is ea sports games are n't even casual games . 
  not sure about madden but nhl or fifa at least . 
  the skill ceiling is huge . 
  so you 're the guy who not only downvoted the post but every single comment within it ? 
  glad to see you 're having a fun saturday night . 
  i do n't understand [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kt5s1h.jpg ) `` front of the pinsetters '' pic at all . 
  if that 's the front , then that 's were the balls come in right ? 
  i mean there 's a lane so i 'm guessing it must be . 
  but those lanes are like 2 meters long . 
  what 's that wall and what is it doing there ? 
  i did n't and even with it 's flaws this years version is better than last years . 
  but it 's not `` everything or nothing '' . 
  you do n't have to either abuse them or never shoot a one timer . 
  that 's what people always said online but i never thought it was bad . 
  it just required precise timing and the use or r stick . 
  the stick lift was very good but they were used in different situations and to play effective defense you had to learn both . 
  this year the poke check is so good the stick lift is practically useless . 
  ok . every comment within this thread just got downvoted simultaneously and your orangered popped up at the same time, 
  the fact that you get an adrenaline rush talking to a cute girl at the register is pretty sad in itself, 
  you sound like a boring person, 
   you ca n't support a family from selling weed . 
  what ? 
  the best dealer i know/deal with totally supports his family by selling weed . 
  he does n't even do it full time , he also goes to school and still manages to get enough for rent and food and whatever kids need . 
  downvoted for the idiotic title . 
  then i noticed there were 88 pics and was forced to change it to an upvote for the great album . 
  i 've also come to that conclusion plenty of times . 
  it 's just so easy and the possible penalty if you get caught is still totally worth it ( i do n't live in the us ) . 
   also , isnt it ironic that he only said he forgave him because thats what religion said to do, 
  i fail to see any way in which this could be seen as a positive statement towards religious people but judging by the rest of your comment i 'm guessing it was meant as one . 
  what is this gathering where people are just given a turn at the microphone to tell the murderer he 's going to hell . 
  it sure as hell does n't look like a court procedure ( or if it is that makes me even more sad ) . 
  on a mac it 's apple button + enter for . com and shift + enter for . net, 
  i 'd do it regardless, 
  os x as well . 
  on another note i hate it when people watch movies like that . 
  it 's raping art . 
  and then when you ask them about the movie later `` how did you like that scene where ___ ? '', 
  `` oh yeah i must have missed that i was coding and cooking food at the same time '' . 
  i posted this yesterday . 
  i 'm still not getting any pucks for winning ( online ) games . 
  what 's going on ? 
  not unless our balls touch, 
  it 's better because it 's realistic and relatable . 
  just like real porn is better than hentai even though hentai chicks might have bigger tits and a slimmer waist . 
  actually it is n't . 
  it 's a legit service that 's been up and running for over a decade ( i remember looking at the ads in my middle school computer lab . 
  do n't ask . ), 
  in many places selling sex is n't illegal even though organized prostitution with pimps and brotherls etc is . 
  the girls are private entrepreneurs and have every right to charge for sex . 
  if you put a camera in the room it 'd be legal in america as well , 
  e. why is this comment not showing up in my post history ? 
  i wrote it again because i thought i forgot to submit or something ? 
  everyone works better on amphetamines !, 
  it 's a legit business actually . 
  the site 's been up for over a decade . 
  the girls are `` independent entrepreneurs '' and the site is only for listing of advertisements .
