  uploaded by brackis1 on oct 14 , 2009, 
  russian ( and many european ) players get a lot better deals and more ice team in khl than nhl/ahl, 
  so am i a hipster now ? 
  4x 2.93 ghz i7 works just fine lol, 
  get a friend who likes minecraft . 
  play online even with just the 2 of you . 
  you 'd be amazed how much longer you 'll be able to play and what you 'll accomplish, 
  also you 'll probably be amazed how nothing get accomplished in real life anymore, 
  get a friend who likes minecraft . 
  play online even with just the 2 of you . 
  you 'd be amazed how much longer you 'll be able to play and what you 'll accomplish, 
  also you 'll probably be amazed how nothing get accomplished in real life anymore, 
  judging by ~ 300 comments i quickly browsed the problem is n't throwback related . 
  nobody has the mighty ducks one though , and it was n't that unusual, 
  you ca n't really compare the two . 
  with salary caps and drafts it takes skill and effort to get the best players . 
  barcelona just throws around millions and millions of oil money from arabian bankers, 
  yes , and everytime i do i get mad at all the hippies, 
  first thing i did when i joined . 
  also added adviceanimals , f2u12 and jailbait, 
  have n't really been keeping a record of what songs they play but i at least remember hearing final countdown and sandstorm the last time i was to an nhl game, 
  you used to be able by sending a message to the moderators but as you can see on the right of the page they 're having some difficulty with it right now, 
  preferences - , 
  do n't show links after i 've liked them, 
  do n't show links after i 've disliked them, 
  problem solved, 
  i do n't know if this is real or not , but at least here overseas they teach us about the `` you passive '' ( or however it would translate ) of the english language, 
  i originally downvoted the pic for the lulz and the top comment , but after finding out you actually made this i had to change it to an upvote . 
  damn , another month with just macaroni and ketchup, 
  my first reflex would be to cover my face and go back to the other room to get a tmnt-style mask so the only one 's she could eventually id to the police are the original kidnappers, 
  dead space is n't horror . 
  it 's more like those flash animations that have a scary face pop up on your face . 
  there 's nothing scary about the game , the setting , the story or the atmosphere and after the first dead body jumped up on me i started checking every body which apparently was the only scary thing they could think of . 
  edit : it did n't help that i died 2-3 times the whole first time i played the game ( 1 ) through . 
  and it was on hard and i only used the starting weapon . 
  enemies that ca n't hurt you are n't really scary . 
  here be spoilers, 
  really ? 
  unexpected twists in the story ? 
  like you did n't guess the wife was dead after the opening cutscene ? 
  or are you referring to the `` oh he/she 's friendly , i wonder when he 's gon na betray me '' and sure enough 30 minutes later every single fucking time type of twists ? 
  and surprises ... ? 
  more dead bodies attacking you ? 
  i do n't remember anything else and i played through it less than 6 months ago . 
  i was n't spooked or surprised during the entire game except for the first body that jumped me . 
  i do n't really play that many horror games but alan wake has an amazing atmosphere . 
  you actually care about the characters and the story . 
  it does help that he speaks and you see his face , unlike dead space, 
  and you never will [ ] ( / trolldad ), 
  link to cheap hdd 's ? 
  preferably someplace that ships to europe, 
  shit is expensive, 
  do n't worry polite allcaps guy the f7u12 community still loves you, 
  both work perfectly for me , and i 've never seen a commercial on youtube . 
  learn your shit, 
  if you are one of the few that wants low quality instead of the highest quality available you can select it from the preferences, 
  it 's not real hard , stop bitching, 
  or just use res and open the images right there on the page, 
  i 'm all for parental responsibility , but it 's not like kids ca n't afford to buy their own $ 1 burgers if their parents deny them, 
  you know just because you are not racist does n't mean you have to upvote any shit submitted by a black man, 
   where i live kids ca n't even get to a mcdonalds without their parents, 
  ftfy , i live within a mile of two mcdonalds ` se 's ` es, 
  but i did have to upvote for the eddie murphy reference , did you go outside with your burger and get ridiculed for square wonderbread buns too ? 
  let 's say a 7th grader was going to suicide bomb the white house . 
  do you really think he 's going to post about it on facebook the day before ? 
  being cautious and plain retarded are two different things . 
  it 's not like he told a bomb joke at an airport , it 's facebook for god 's sake, 
  here 's an ingenious suggestion that has worked for me : leave the bed , get back to the internets, 
  so you 're solution is not giving kids any money at all and/or make them bring back every single receipt ? 
  it 's not like the parents can really control how they use their $ 2 allowance , and having been a kid at some point in my life i can tell it would fucking suck not to have any money, 
  i have to admit i could n't really emphasize with the sketch either . 
  i 'd be thrilled if someone offered to cook me a home made burger instead of mcdonalds, 
  yup , wtf . 
  and did you always report your every single movement accurately ? 
  it 's not like kids ca n't ( do n't ) lie to their parents, 
  you are brainwashing your kids to be hippies/idiots, 
  just because it 's advertised does n't mean it 's unhealthy . 
  i do n't know what shows you watch but almost 50 % of the ads i see are either for healthy products or activities . 
  and they 're often advertised from the `` healthy perspective '', 
  and never seen a bike commercial ? 
  every spring and summer those make up for about a quarter of the advertisement in total . 
  open your eyes, 
  i know this is n't what you asked but a mcd double cheese burger is 2.90 $ in finland . 
  that 's $ 4,10 . 
  yeah . 
  not the meal . 
  the burger . 
  i lived a year in northern ( still lower peninsula ) michigan and constantly kept hearing stories about flint . 
  is it really that bad ? 
  and it is impossible for a kid to say `` i need three dollars for a comic book '' and go get a quarter pounder ? 
  this is the exact opposite of critical thinking . 
  critical thinking would be judging each product individually , not grouping every single product with an ad together and calling them unhealthy . 
  that 's as stupid as believing everything they say in the ads . 
  and yes , i live in europe now which probably affects the number of bike commercials , but i 've lived in the states and know for a fact they show a lot of ads for healthy stuff over there too, 
  yeah and i 'm an astronaut . 
  you people look small from space, 
  ok so your parents were overprotective , we 've already established that , but that was not the point . 
  comic book was maybe a bad example since it 's something you keep but what if the kid said he wanted to go to a movie or buy milk at school lunch or buy a present for her sister etc etc, 
  there are millions of legitimate things a kid can ask money for that doesnt leave any evidence, 
  actually , it is .
