  so instead of 2 there are like 5 different teams i get matched with . 
  unless i choose a lower rated team myself , which i often do . 
   i 'm in division 1 and with 4.5 stars . 
  well that explains a lot , probably the game tries to match you up with equal opponents first but after a while accepts 5 star opponents . 
  btw . 
  are you also american ? 
  because i would imagine there are a lot less players online than in europe . 
  well start talking, 
  define logic : : lsd, 
  also would picking another team with a red jersey help ? 
  i 've never been matched with a team with even a remotely same colored jersey in h2h . 
  so if most real players choose red ... 
  that while dogs are belowed animals you have to keep in mind that after all they 're only pets and reconstructive surgery is something i consider to be beyond reasonable . 
  when i was an exchange student my family had an old dog that could barely stand . 
  the `` mom '' spent over $ 15k in surgeries and medication so she could extend it 's life by about a year . 
  it was ludicrous . 
  mario party is different . 
  i have n't played them all but he 's not a playable character or even a npc competitor in the one 's i 've seen . 
  he just shows up time to time fucking everyone up and forcing them to play his minigames where everyone loses . 
  truth . 
  also american dubstep artists . 
  oh wait you already mentioned brostep . 
  top comments, 
  i just hope that noise does n't affect the way my cows lay eggs . 
  i do n't think you understand how that meme works, 
  yes he is and of course i 'm not saying only american dubstep artists suck or that all american dubstep sucks , but it was american dubstep artists that turned dubstep into what it is today . 
  a nice melody ruined by wubwubwub just for the shock factor . 
  if you listen to old dubstep songs they actually sound good , not just piss off your parents . 
  i do n't see why one would n't disable that question box . 
  it 's not like i often accidentally close there are other tabs and it takes like 2 seconds to restore them if that did happen . 
  i 'm more of a google fanboy than microsoft even though i would n't call myself either . 
  i just found this ad funny , because that 's what it is . 
  and i still wo n't use google apps because they sound horrible . 
  depends on the size of the business and how long it 's going to use the same software etc, 
  if your work involves the internet you should know some basic things about the internet . 
  i would n't call myself a fanboy but google is pretty much the greatest website on the internet so if i had to pick one , why not a search engine ? 
  just wait until you get enough to finally buy that bicycle from the reddit karma store, 
  i care about shit my parents buy for me just as much as i do about stuff i paid for with my own money, 
  wha . . how . . why ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the person in the picture is male, 
  it can also be hilarious . 
  not if the person is n't a regular user of said drug though . 
  then it 's just a dick move . 
  inb4 it 's never acceptable federal offense blah blah blah please do n't bother , a simple downvote is enough . 
  minesweeper is the bomb, 
  hey you there . 
  the arch-mage of the college , a seasoned veteran with godlike powers and hundreds of thousands of gold coins worth of equipment on you and who 's also saved our entire world from destruction ... deliver this letter and i 'll give you some change . 
  and then kill 10 rats . 
  i 'm over a 100 hours in and i do n't think the main quest has gone pretty much anywhere . 
  the way i play is list all the quests and sidequests on the map and plan a nice route with as many objectives on it as possible , hide the rest of the quests and start exploring . 
  repeat after finding the last objective . 
  psychedelics are different . 
  if you unknowingly start to trip you 'll probably be scared which leads to bad trips and that 's never fun for anyone . 
  except salvia , the effects are so short term it 's still funny . 
  not to be rude or anything but if someone uses the nickname dicks_dicks_dicks and posts pictures of dicks it 's pretty likely he wo n't care about your work place experience or general rules of internet conversation . 
   he posed for a interview ( not meme ), 
  well it 's not like the original picture was taken by an official reddit photographer for the purpose of making a meme . 
  also this second picture was from an article ** about memes ** . 
  if you ca n't figure out that 's going to be on the internet ... 
  i 'm currently saving for that sweet rc helicopter that looks nothing like the box, 
  even though it 's not an rpg mafia 2 handled side missions the worst . 
  basically what they did was remove all the side quests and later release them as dlc 's . 
  i do n't mind since i paid 15 $ for the `` director 's cut '' but it 's funny how in the main storyline you always meet these people telling you to come ask for work but you actually can never get any missions from them . 
  the dlc missions are all given by exactly those guys though . 
  and most of them suck . 
  i 'm a made man and i have to drive a van around delivering boxes ? 
  what the fuck . 
  and did i mention there 's a time limit ? 
  it certainly does n't help that they are all lumped together instead of being evenly spread across the main game . 
  i like having files and programs on my computer . 
  \\  `` no car , no crime , '' said the prosecutor , david rimmer . 
  `` no car , no consequences . 
  no car , no murder . '', 
  \\  mr. holle was a mile and a half away, 
  i do n't know about these guys but if i was planning to rob a dealer a 1,5 mile walk would be the least of my worries . 
   gill says prosecutors would not likely win a conviction in a criminal trial . 
   gill says a jury might not conclude prosecutors could prove the case ` beyond a reasonable doubt ' for conviction . 
  is it just me or is `` we probably would n't win '' a retarded excuse not to prosecute . 
  i understand if a private law firm decided not to take a case because it seemed hopeless , but should n't this be left in the hands of a jury and not some prosecutor who wants a high percentage on his record . 
  this is katsuni . 
  the scene is from body heat ( scene 6 ) . 
  i just checked it and this exact position is there . 
   also note that the symbol for the metric prefix kilo - ( 1000 ) is actually k - , not k - . 
  and that 's why people usually use a lower case k when referring to thousands . 
  $ 50k looks a lot more familiar than $ 50k, 
  i still love my e71 and decided the next phone i 'll buy will be a e71 . 
  it 's got everything i need , an awesome keyboard and new ones should be cheap as fuck these days . 
  my current one is fine except the earpiece does n't work so i have to speak all my calls in speakerphone . 
  which is understandable given that it has been dropped on cement countless times and even driven over with a car ( and not some kia but a 2 + ton old volvo ) . 
  yeah but it 'd be nice if it tried matching with 4,5 first . 
  i mean i 've never seen a 4,5 team as an opponent . 
  i do n't think 10 dollars for 10 hours of gameplay is that bad . 
  of course not all dlc 's are worth the money . 
  i 've seen every episode of south park at least twice and most a lot more than that so that should n't be a problem, 
  i do n't care what any study says , keeping it in drastically increases the effect . 
  to a point of course . 
  exactly . 
  it 's not like the cashier was helping the situtation . 
  also if it truly said just `` salad '' in the ad/menu/whatever but your choice is limited to 2 salads that 's bullshit . 
  like pizza hut with their `` any pizza , any topping , any crust not including : '' offers .
