  upvotes for birthday-buddyism, 
  in the u.s it 's still legal to rape your wife ? 
  or sit next to people if there are other available seats left, 
  finnish people are pretty open and honest . 
  you might think everyone 's just rude at first but forced smiles and white lies is just not how we do things . 
  people are much more direct than in many other european cultures and especially the u.s. . we say it like we see it , and usually it 's not meant as anything offensive . 
  also people do n't take things as seriously . 
  when i lived in the u.s it seemed that every little thing was such a big deal . 
  we 're more laid back ( maybe not as much as some southern countries though ) and liberal . 
  something like a nip slip wo n't cause a nationwide panic and if an underage kid gets caught with liquor you 'll just have to pour it to the ground , no mip and court dates etc. 
  just some random examples but you get the idea . 
  it 's not customary to just go up to random people and start talking but if you 're a foreigner people will definitely understand and most likely be nice . 
  thay 'll probably care about your stories and funny observations of finns etc. 
  i have n't seen exchange students having much trouble getting friends . 
  i noticed you said you do n't drink that much . 
  i would n't go around advertising it . 
  no one 's going to force alcohol down your throat but drinking is how most finns spend their free time and you do n't want to exclude yourself . 
  just accept the invitation , have fun and drink as much as your comfortable with . 
  just do n't be a douche , do n't appear snobby or `` better '' , do n't worry if you ca n't understand a word of drunken finglish and just go with the flow . 
  you 'll do fine . 
  oh and seriously do n't tattle/gossip/spread rumours at least for the first six months . 
  we take that shit extremely seriously and imho value trust more than an average american . 
  you wo n't just lose one friend but it 's very likely you 'll be branded as a snitch or a `` backstabber '' by the entire school/community . 
  for finns quiet is not awkward , so do n't worry about it . 
  it 's not like france where someone must talk at all times, 
  but we hate it if anyone interrupts us . 
  i would n't want them either . 
  basically there are two options : either they are annoying shit , or mojang focuses on nothing else than them for the next year . 
  all i can see is 350 comments of `` testing '' and `` buy _____ online ! '', 
  bullshit from 3 years ago & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  i wish that was my dad 's reaction when i spend 10 hours a day on reddit . 
  learning english you know . 
  you do realize that feminism is a joke , right ? 
  nope . 
  they 're misandry , double standards and greed . 
  every woman 's a feminist until the ship starts to sink . 
  wut is all this ? 
  i have a nokia , i plug it in with the usb cable and choose it from my network options . 
  no installs or hassle or fees and i can browse the internet in 15 seconds . 
  i have skipped every family event except for one funeral since i was about 18 . 
  i regret nothing . 
  i pirate every song , tv show , movie and video game i could possibly want just for the tiny possibility that i managed pissed off one of these riaa people . 
  loads of people were sued for hurt locker ? 
  shieeeet . 
  i have that movie on my hdd . 
  would be totally worth it btw, 
  it 's not too difficult via torrents either . 
  and good sites like waffles have seedboxes that d/l every single torrent and then seed them with `` maximum speed '' ( for me its 10mb/s so at least that ) . 
  i like . 
  you sound butthurt . 
  please go away now . 
  -- me , anonymous . 
  of course it should be removed , it 's bullshit . 
  i own apple computers and devices but i do n't love apple . 
  i realize there 's lots of shit wrong with the os x as with any operating system . 
  if i have complaints , i want to talk about them with other apple users ( = r/apple visitors ) . 
  how would a `` disable spaces on this screen '' setting make them unusable ? 
  the desktop/background stays still when you switch between spaces anyway , it 's just the windows that change . 
  why could n't you have your main display working as regular but the secondary being locked to a single space ? 
  you could still move your cursor between the screens and drag and drop just as you would otherwise . 
  holy fuck how did you know my name, 
  no offense but i 'm pretty sure shirts claiming you 're a stud are not the best way to attract lady friends, 
  so all that built up rage and anger was for nothing ? 
  and it does n't even blink like in lion apparently . 
  there is no os with multiple desktops that does n't do this though . 
  and i do n't know about lion because it 's a piece of crap but i have n't had any fullscreen apps blaking my secondary monitor . 
  since custom plates have existed ? 
  haters got ta hate, 
  yeah i do n't think i 've ever met a female bodybuilder myself . 
  that being said there are quite many women that work out at my gym , none that look like a bodybuilder that i 've noticed though . 
  i do n't think you need the ... not even gon na go there . 
  but i was behind 7 proxies, 
  i disagree with your logic . 
  i 'm pretty sure lots of girls are attracted to `` non stud looking guys '' . 
  in any case i think it 's safe to say ( even ) fewer women are attracted to non stud looking guys who have a stud shirt . 
  think about an average looking girl in normal pants vs. 
  hot slut written in glitter across her ass . 
  [ these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lyeqg.png ) people will undoubtedly enjoy their view . 
  as a man who prefers natural tits i approve of this boob job . 
  shit like this ... 
  i ca n't understand why some people feel the need to themselves out or classify themselves like this . 
  i play video games 2-8 hours a day and i would n't even call my self a `` gamer '' . 
  much less a heterosexual gamer or straightmer . 
  i browse r/gaming for gaming discussion . 
  i could n't care less if my fellow r/gaming redditors suck dick or have buttsex . 
  it 's god damn videogames , why does it matter what you do in the bedroom and why do we have to be separated based on that ? 
  never ever play conquest alone . 
  in rush you can at least do the work yourself . 
  i do n't think child labour in china qualifies as news . 
  yeah i know it 's sad . 
  this . 
  i suggest you throw that piece of shit in the trash before you start hating your own xbox for the casual kiddie shit . 
  just stick to real games . 
  lots of good ones suggested here but i must emphasize just cause 2 and i do n't think anyone mentioned vanquish . 
  vanquish is fucking awesome . 
  nothing worse than a morning wood blowjob when you have to pee . 
  it does n't even feel that good but you do n't want to stop her in case she would n't keep going after you pee . 
  well consider this . 
  where i live kelloggs introduced a new -50 % sugar frosted flakes about 10 years ago . 
  of course they tasted like crap .
