  only in the most extreme cases like driveclub is any criticism not downvoted to hell . 
   its not just a simple port . 
  they 're making it 1080p, 
  upscaling a game is an automated process . 
  it 's just rendering the same game at a higher resolution . 
  they 're not re-texturing it at a higher resolution which would actually be hard work and take time and resources . 
   you 're also paying for trophies and the ability to stream the game . 
  wow amazing worth absolutely fucking nothing . 
  just unplug the thing ? 
  i said good, 
  best selling beer of any country is usually shit . 
  it 's often whatever is cheapest . 
  you just had to refresh a bunch of times . 
  people talked about `` priority slots '' but i think that was just some urban legend . 
  others said how it determined which server it routed you to again each time you refreshed and often the one nearby would have more stress than one further away . 
  whatever the case under the hood might 've been it definitely worked . 
  i remember watching the long starcraft tourneys that were like 12 + hours a day and not having a single bit of lag all day until my browser crashed or i had to restart the computer or something and it 'd always take ten more tries to get back on the lag-free stream . 
  i also remember opening streams well ahead of the first match just so i could get on the good stream during the opening intros . 
  you 're right that hs is different because it 's a completely different genre that 's easy to watch and is all about decision making . 
  it requires literally zero mechanic skill and if the player is interacting with chat it 's almost like the chat is playing the game . 
  but even within the fps genre overwatch is pretty hard to watch . 
  it 's very fast-paced with a vast array of mobility skills like blinks and rocket jumps , the fights are often broken into pieces and lack clear battle lines with teams intertwining around an objective . 
  the screen is also filled with visual clutter , particle effects and a huge hud . 
  it 's easier to grasp when playing yourself but as a viewer even on the best video quality it 's hard to keep track of . 
  a big part of why cs is so popular as an esport is that it 's very easy to tell what 's going on even for a newer viewer despite not understanding the fine details . 
  players walk on the ground with their two feet traveling at a constant speed and outside grenade explosions there is n't much obstructing your vision or distracting from how the round is evolving . 
  overwatch might grow into a good game , but i 'm really struggling to imagine it thriving as an esport . 
  that does n't mean i would n't consider buying them at a lower price . 
  sony 's expenditures when it comes to re-releasing ps2 games are next to zero so it 's not like they have to ask 15 $ to make a profit . 
  yeah and not that far from 2 mcdoubles which nobody would consider excessive . 
  if i ever eat mcd myself i usually take 3 mcdoubles and nothing else and of course it 's unhealthy since it 's mcd but it feels like a reasonably sized meal . 
  no problem but could you do it three more times so i get a nice round number on my profile for a screenshot ? 
  does n't work for me, 
  even if it were a joke somebody spent time and money making this so i 'm not exactly sure who else the joke is supposed to be on . 
  i 'd love to know more details about the scoring . 
  you do realize she 's using the phone as a camera ? 
  it 's physically impossible for it not to be in the shot, 
  or you were just god awful at counterstrike . 
  no it is not . 
  for example it has a score of [ 64 ] ( http://www.metacritic.com/game/playstation-2/crash-twinsanity ) on metacritic compared to [ 91 ] ( http://www.metacritic.com/game/playstation/crash-bandicoot-3-warped ) for crash 3 . 
  it was n't even made by naughty dog . 
  you may have some nostalgic memories of it from your childhood but objectively looking it was trash . 
  the first three still hold up as masterpieces of the genre . 
  who said they mean everything ? 
  i also played it myself and it was shit but i figured a difference of nearly 30 points in the averages of professional game reviewers of the time would mean more than my anecdotal opinion . 
  that 's not a slight difference either , game reviews have always worked so that anything below 80 is bad . 
  60s is horrid . 
  unless you 're claiming some global conspiracy ? 
  that makes you uneducated, 
  yeah but it would n't be * this * shot and it would be more difficult to take since you could n't look at the viewfinder/preview when taking it . 
  not going the extra mile to hide your posessions like the camera you 're using is very different from `` forgetting '' brand name items in the background . 
  you 're seriously telling me that the professional reviews of the time are worth less than nostalgic user reviews posted as late as today ? 
  you 're severely delusional in defending the legacy of your shit game . 
   and sure , there are a few reviews that are based a lot on nostalgia . 
  but most are not . 
  not true . 
  especially with an old game like this . 
  only people who owned it and remember it fondly are going to bother reviewing a 10 year old game . 
  they 're biased by default . 
  reviewers play practically everything regardless of how they feel about it . 
  how am i nostalgic in saying a game with a score in the 90s and mentioned in every single `` best games of ps1 '' list is better than a 3rd party cash-in on the license universally panned and made by a studio that 's only made shitty movie tie-ins and nothing noteworthy before or since then ? 
  do n't do it regularly ? 
  i belive you, 
  never done it ? 
  really hard to believe you are n't just forgetting something, 
  never even thought about it ? 
  liar, 
  probably because 90 % of time the average internet user who does n't go out of his way to look for parkour does encounter parkour it 's in some extremely retarded or dangerous context . 
  i 'm having a hard time believing all the finest details of wrestling ruleset were used in this exhibition match between santa claus and the grinch . 
  yeah i noticed it worked with res . 
  sites like gfycat that has additional functionality in the page seem to not work even though they did before . 
  probably depends on the laptop , i 've only used mbp 's extensively with their large good quality trackpads , but to me using it with your index finger would feel like using your phone with an index finger [ \u00e0 la grandma ] ( http://previews.123rf.com/images/voronin76/voronin760909/voronin76090900235/5593883-grandmother-studies-phone-on-an-isolated-background-stock-photo.jpg ), 
  you think there 's been significant inflation since the start of the year ? 
   16 hours of being in the same seat , not moving , not getting any sunlight , not getting much light at all really, 
  sounds like an average day to me but i get what you 're saying, 
  maybe it 's a new thing on gfycat then because i certainly do n't remember having this issue with the old native fucntionality . 
   and if the guy likes twinsanity as much as the first three , leave him be ? 
  he started the conversation . 
  i did n't reply to his comment about twinsanity , he replied to my comment about ps1 crashes bringing twinsanity into it . 
  well that sucks . 
  still nice to have it in reddit . 
  thanks . 
  i wonder how that 3rd guy he gave a full handshake to feels . 
  this like the most passive-agressive thing ever . 
  `` yeah that 's right , i 'm gon na shake your hand like a man . 
  what do you think about that ? '', 
  no it was n't . 
  ps2 could run ps1 games but it was a ps1 game . 
  paying money for a game makes it not free and having it be a 15 year old ps2 title means one less actual ps4 game we get for '' '' `` free '' '' '' . 
  no matter how you try to word it you 're still paying for the games . 
  the fact that your psn + subscription includes the games is factored in when sony decides how much they can ask for psn +, 
   if you buy cereal for the free toy or some shit , you 're still paying for the cereal . 
  you 're paying for the cereal , the toy , the packaging , the shipping costs , the wages of the clerk and the owner of the store , the ceo of the cereal company etc. 
  when you pay for psn + you pay for both the online service and the games . 
   ps2 titles need to be remastered and a bunch of cash invested . 
  no they do n't . 
  they 're just emulating the games and running them on a higher resolution . 
  they do n't reskin the games or create new high-res textures for them . 
  they 're not `` remastered '' . 
  they 're just rendered at a higher resolution .
