  there 's an assault chopper at the main airfield south of the city, 
  it 's definitely not that high . 
  i remember getting the assault chopper from the main ls airfield a few days ago so i was probably around lvl25 . 
  you people do n't lock your cars at night ? 
  i like most of it , however i do have some complaints . 
  i do n't think the xp and money per mission goes up enough . 
  a lot of the 30-40 lvl missions give the same rewards as lvl 5-10 missions . 
  i think this is because the level progress goes up so little . 
  the amount of xp needed to go from lvl 5 -  6 and lvl 35 -  36 is almost the same . 
  that 's not how it should be . 
  i like the dying penalty and i certainly do n't think it 's too hard to make money or takes too long as i 've already gotten most of the weapons , i have a fully tuned sports car and the most expensive apartment . 
  it 's only been a week and i 'm planning to play this game for at least a year . 
  probably more . 
  a lot of people are complaining that not everyone has time to put into the game to see everything . 
  i do n't think that 's a problem . 
  not everyone should unlock everything , i do n't think that 's even a goal to aim for . 
  i 'd like for rockstar to allow us to buy some of the mansions though . 
  ls is full of nice houses and they only let us buy 1 apartment with different views ? 
  that sucks . 
  i 'd love to buy a house in the vinewood hills . 
  i would n't be surprised if they added those later on though . 
  all of my friends ( who actually play the game ) love it . 
  it 's just people on reddit ( who i do n't know whether they have played or not ) that complain about everything . 
  i do n't know where it is but it sounds like a shithole . 
  i never imagined someone would recommend leaving your car unlocked so thieves wo n't break the window . 
  that 's like letting the rapist have sex with you so he wo n't get violent . 
  yeah well letting a rapist put his dick into you works too if you want to avoid cuts and bruises , but i would n't go around recommending it to people . 
  but that 's only if you 're limited to three throws . 
  technically the chance of throwing three of the same in a row is 100 % if you keep on going until you do . 
  or if you want it to be three heads specifically then it 's 50 % . 
  they do n't only wear it for the mic . 
  if they were playing at home they 'd probably use the whole thing . 
  in a mlg setup you must have noise cancelers though and you ca n't fit those over any headsets which is why they use earbuds . 
  i love professional competitive gaming . 
  i watch starcraft all the time . 
  i cringe at the word `` esport '' and especially when they 're referred to as `` athletes '' . 
  i think it has this feel of `` justifying '' the whole thing to people from older generations who do n't understand watching video games . 
  you do n't need to call it a sport for it to be okay to watch it . 
  just say `` pro gaming '' . 
  for the first three days every comment that acknowledged actually getting to play the game were automatically downvoted . 
  people still seem to get butt hurt if you say the progression is fine and making money is n't too difficult though . 
  it is on pc . 
  bf3 should n't be played on consoles anyway . 
  it 's designed for pc and 64 player servers . 
  no , it does n't . 
  i 'm not even a pc player . 
  it 's simply a game designed with pc and then ported to consoles with limited features . 
  what system i play on does n't change that fact . 
  well that was surprisingly arousing, 
  that part about turning is correct . 
  it applies to pretty much any semi-realistic racing game . 
  i had n't read any posts like this but i 've used the same strategy and have already unlocked all the upgrades for sports and super cars , with a win % of about 50 . 
  and i do n't race with 2 people , usually 6-12 . 
  but it has those missiles that ruin the whole thing . 
  you 're supposed to play dirty in regular races too . 
  not be an asshole , but play dirty . 
  i think ramming cars is totally fine in gta races . 
  i do n't mean going full speed into corners torpedoing one or two and ruining your own chances as well because that 's just a dick move that does n't benefit you either , it just fulfills some weird asshole `` troll '' satisfaction . 
  but slamming your opponent from the side at the right moment so he hits an oncoming truck head on ? 
  or switching lanes so that the enemy trying to pass you runs into a railing launching him into the air ? 
  that 's what it 's all about . 
  if you want clean racing play gran turismo or forza . 
  gta is street racing without rules . 
  playing dirty is the point . 
  it 's pretty much in the middle , but someone else said it only spawns once you ( or someone nearby ) are above a certain level . 
  playing dirty is a part of those driving skills . 
  deal with it . 
  get better friends ? 
  is n't the point of friends to have people who share the same interests ? 
  in any lobby it 'll show your k/d and if you 're clean . 
  you probably are as that 's the default , the game would most likely let you know if you were n't . 
  yeah driving backwards etc is bullshit . 
  it falls under the category of being an asshole because it 's not done to win , it hurts that guy even more . 
  just to satisfy their urge to fuck someone 's else race as well . 
  it is pretty easy to dodge those guys though , just keep your eyes on the map and you 'll see them coming . 
  my butt hurt sense is tingling, 
  i 'd guess jab comics, 
  i thought reindeer spotting was a great tourism ad for rovaniemi, 
  might be but at least the tale of kiki possible referred above was theirs and did look very similiar . 
  rangers were down 7-2 with a backup goalie in net . 
  they were n't playing good as a team and he is a rookie so maybe the players did n't think of him as a huge threat . 
  i 'm sure teams from now on will pay more attention to him . 
  that 's not a bug . 
  it 's game design and i think it 's a good choice . 
  dying should have a penalty . 
  you think restoring lost characters is as easy as someone pressing the `` restore '' button over at rockstar ? 
  there 's no reason for them to hold out on you if they could restore them and it sounds like they 're trying their best to do so . 
  i would n't get my hopes up though and am satisfied they at least fixed the issue so no more should disappear from now on . 
  that one lets you choose a custom name and number . 
  it is official though so it 'll cost you 100 $ but it 's not gameworn or anything . 
  i do n't know about any places selling `` unofficial '' jerseys nor about their quality . 
  yeah well hating sidney will get you far in 90 % of hockey discussions . 
  yeah me neither . 
  i enjoy driving and i 'm not really into the whole `` optimizing $ per minute '' thing . 
  to be honest i like it a lot more when i have to drive to the destination than after a restart when you start already at your objective . 
  you do n't really have to memorize anything as the mission brief/name will show the distance next to it . 
  i 'm sorry for sounding like a bit of a dick but how was this not obvious to everyone ? 
  i agree you should lose your cash and not money from a bank account . 
  then again it is set in america , so health care should n't be free even if you 're broke . 
  i do n't really get the bank account mechanic right now , the game keeps telling me to deposit my cash so i would n't lose it if i get killed but i never lose any even if i die .
