  it depends a lot on the place , the typical customers and the hours . 
  a place that closes at midnight can have a regular looking student just keeping the door open . 
  a place that stays open until 4am will probably have some amateur bodybuilder/street fighter type of guy who is n't afraid to wrestle a bit . 
  i would n't mind that but it 's illegal here . 
  yeah but surface is a common noun . 
  ipad means nothing else . 
  i think making a big deal out of nothing when you understand exactly what the other person is trying to tell you is more `` idiotic '' than not knowing the brand names of every tablet on the market . 
  i do n't know if i 'd buy one but i still use my old ipod nano when i go running or the gym . 
  it weighs absolutely nothing and i do n't have to worry about hitting the screen into something or dropping it etc. 
  plus i can listen to it for hours and still have full battery on my phone when i want to use it for stuff other than music . 
  so you think having 45 minutes of uninterrupted sports action with sponsors on the jerseys is worse than having no ads on the jerseys but a commercial break every 5-10 minutes ? 
  not to mention the subway play of the game or gatorade timeout or fucking mcdonalds breakfast shoelace tying moment . 
  i watch and love both sports but i definitely do n't share your priorities . 
  yeah nfl torrents are great because they 've already cut out the commercials . 
  it 's better than dvr/on demand services where you have to manually fast forward . 
  the games feel so short though . 
  there 's so much less downtime the games feel more intense and now i do n't have to dedicate an entire evening if i want to watch a game . 
  a lot of people like to play the game with some stealth or even immersion . 
  killing every civilian you see just ruins the vibe even if you do n't get a penalty . 
  if i wanted to kill everything i see i 'd play one of the hundreds of shooter games where you have to kill everything you see , not payday . 
  keeping important emails separate is totally fine . 
  but why the fuck would you ever ever delete a single email ? 
  i 've been using email since 1997 and i 'm yet to delete a message . 
  there 's nothing you can gain and everything to lose if you accidentally delete something you should n't have . 
  well that 's stupid . 
  i got my first email account in 1997 and i 've never deleted a message in my life . 
  i never even thought deleting e-mails was a `` thing '' before this thread . 
  sounds completely incomprehensible to me . 
  storing them separate in a folder or an `` archive '' feature to keep a tidy inbox is totally fine , but i would never permanently delete any email , let alone a god damn receipt . 
  the cops are n't complaining . 
  it 's one ex-cop who is now a politician in the opposition . 
  commenting on `` a case where a member of the parlament was threatened '' would be fine . 
  using the names and dates is not . 
  it 's not the u.s , we actually value privacy over here . 
  for example arrest records are n't public . 
  we believe it goes against the whole `` innocent until proven guilty '' thing if your name and face are in the newspaper before you 're even charged with a crime . 
  it 's not a matter of wealth , it would be just as bad to publicly give away information regarding something like that whether it was the prime minister or the imaginary single mom he was talking about . 
  if i were the one receiving death threats i definitely would n't want the officer in charge of handling the situation giving out the details of the police response to the person making those threats . 
  i wonder if the surface pro is shipped wrapped in bubble wra ... inflated cushioning . 
  modern email accounts have practically unlimited space and i 'd rather not risk deleting that 1 % than worry about the 99 % that 's not going to show up anyway when i search for that one important message in the 1 %, 
  just move it into some `` junk '' folder away from your inbox . 
  you 'll never have to look at it again if you do n't want to but everything 's archived . 
   police is a public service and as such is not a matter of privacy . 
  what ? 
  so public healthcare records should be open to everyone as well ? 
  you must be a troll . 
   how could he be talking about an active case with details on police response if he was an ex policeman ? 
  nobody said anything about an active case . 
  he was still detailing the standard procedure in such an event . 
  it 's not like it was the one and only time a public official received threats . 
  yeah according to wikipedia it 's a registered trademark and a brand belonging to `` sealed air corporation '', 
  they did n't teach you about different colours of flames in middle school chemistry ? 
  well that wikipedia article is a pretty good place to start, 
  who gives a fuck where you live , this is the finnish prime minister who lives in finland reacting to something said by a finnish member of the finnish parliament about the finnish police . 
  you totally forgot about ctr . 
  that was still a naughty dog game and imo the best game in the crash franchise ( though warped is amazing as well ) . 
  that picture is simply cropped from [ this ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bt8elgmciaafhb8.jpg:large ) crash 2 ad . 
  they still own the rights to the old games . 
  crash bash was n't made by naughty dog though . 
  regardless i 'll never forget that ice level mini game . 
  yeah people do n't praise ctr for it 's originality , it 's because of the perfect execution . 
  the controls and the gameplay in general still hold up to this day . 
  because the u.s was the only country affected by 9/11 and the events that followed ? 
  i realized it was a joke but it 's still a pretty stupid one . 
  never ever have i heard anyone blame 9/11 on the civilian victims that died in the disaster or convey that what happened to those people was less sad because they think it was a conspiracy . 
  it 's not stupid because it 's different . 
  it 's stupid because it 's stupid . 
  not everyone who lives in europe has american friends on facebook . 
  she was probably assuming her ( non-american ) friends were stupid , not that the entire continent of america was wrong . 
  why ? 
  nordic countries *, 
  because finland matters !, 
  i do n't reminisce since a bunch of my friends still own it and we play it regularly . 
  the purists have a ps1/ps2 stashed away just for ctr while the more casual players own it digitally on the ps3 store . 
  sarcasm does n't mean just `` saying stuff that makes no sense '' . 
  no you did n't . 
  the whole thing started with `` this might be public record in u.s but it is n't in finland '' and you started talking about how it should be public record here as well . 
  also i do n't see anyone getting pissed . 
  oh wait you 're that guy from that other thread completely unrelated to this one . 
  you 're going through my post history now ? 
  well that 's a new low even for reddit . 
  \\  trolling on the internet, 
  if they 're truly not crediting the original sources then that 's shameful but, 
   simply put , a few of the huffingtonpost good news editors have been sourcing stories from this subreddit for quite a while, 
  so they 're using a news aggregator site to look for news stories ? 
  seems pretty much like the point of reddit . 
  you do n't `` give credit '' to a news aggregator for a news story written by someone else . 
  shower beer product ? 
  i 'm intrigued, 
  oh i 'm not giving her an excuse . 
  of course it 's ignorant not to know when 9/11 happened . 
  i was just seeing a lot of `` she thinks the entire country is wrong instead of her '' posts and pointed out that she probably was n't * that * stupid . 
  oh i hated those levels more than anything else ( ok maybe water levels ) . 
  it 's weird because my favourites were probably the wall of china levels . 
  because it looks terrible and must feel uncomfortable ? 
  you do realize college classes rarely take attendance ? 
  you do n't show up because someone will notice and punish you if you do n't , you show up to learn . 
  from reading the article i understood those were the three companies he invested in . 
  not the three best companies out of everything he invested in but a total of three . 
  also from what i understand those were the first three companies he invested in .
