  yeah because getting pregnant magically gives you knowledge of medical science, 
  who do you think makes these decisions for `` the government '' ? 
  a bunch of illerminaty guys in suits or trained health professionals ? 
  probably less about cost and more about shaving off every single gram of weight wherever they can, 
  yeah the japanese would n't need an executioner . 
  what about those players not pushing and just looking from the sides ? 
  are they allowed to try and reach for the ball at a certain point or does it have to go to the team that `` won '' the scrum ? 
  i still play games blind on first playthrough . 
  i only google wikis etc. 
  if i get invested enough to play ng + or 2nd playthrough/character . 
  just because the information is available does n't mean you have to look for it . 
  actually paying by the megabyte is more of a `` still '' thing . 
  i was gon na rebuy rainbow six 3 despite still having the physical copy but if it 'd mean installing uplay i 'd rather just not . 
   i think it is impossible to look at that picture and not lose it, 
  when you 've seen it posted literally every day for the past decade on the four chan your response tends to get a bit milder, 
  it 's all on empornium as is to be expected but a word of warning : a lot of the scenes look like the girls are n't even bothering to pretend to like it . 
  cool if you like that sort of thing i guess but i often get that sorta disgusted feel i get from watching a porn documentary or something . 
  well you can always fast forward those parts but the suffering face they make is there the whole time, 
   asian laws do not treat criminals as they do in north america . 
  i would n't be surprised if she was billed for the hospital procedure when she 's convicted . 
  yeah in the us there would be no question about it, 
  have you tried binding y elsewhere and then rebinding over that ? 
  i know i had an issue where v ( a key i keep unbinded in all games since it 's my push to talk ) triggered an item slot that was bound to another key . 
  i bound v to something and then overwrote it and it fixed the issue . 
  because nothing makes a gif `` high quality '' like unnecessary effects that only make the subtitles more difficult to read . 
  no one cares about your karma points, 
  yeah this was a russian plane so i 'm not sure if the gpws is different and it says `` terrain ahead '' but the `` pull up '' is definitely separate http://www.planecrashinfo.com/mp3s/ratpolish.mp3, 
  i do n't understand why she kept going for 5 pages though . 
  makes me almost think this could 've worked if he was n't so annoying afterwards . 
  and obviously it worked if he made it all the way to fianc\u00e9 status . 
  i 'm not advocating the technique and i 've never used it myself but these comments are 50/50 `` this will never work it 's so stupid '' and `` i know someone who fell victim to this and it worked '' . 
  she did n't do it . 
   `` emotionally abuse women so that they feel desperate for your attention , worthless , insecure , and dependent . '', 
  this works though . 
  the internet would n't be full of guides on how to deal with these sort of abusive relationships if the relationships did n't exist in the first place . 
  have you checked the user_keys_slot0 . vcfg ? 
  make sure y is n't mentioned anywhere then also delete any chat wheel bind ( you can rebind it later ) . 
  i had an issue with console where i had to remove all mentions of openconsole even though those binds had nothing to do with the buttons i was trying to rebind . 
  you can clearly see the older messages on the top of the screen, 
  they 're laughing at you . 
  that 's not saltiness . 
  so your stupid ear holes only limit you out of the really good jobs ? 
  geez now it seems like a smart idea . 
  yeah that 's nice and all but it does n't change the fact that it works . 
  i 'm not recommending it or defending it . 
  i 'm just saying it works . 
  dota2 all week every week, 
  nazi 's used a lot of non-tilted swastikas, 
   you created a kkk reference out of thin air, 
  but that 's kinda what he 's saying with the `` different times '' thing . 
  in the 2010s most people would think of kkk when they see people dancing around in ghost costumes in front of the confederate flag even if it is n't purposfully implied, 
  why would you care what the artists were like in real life if you liked the music though ? 
  that would stop me from giving them money or going to their concerts but if i like a song i like a song . 
  it 's not the song 's fault he fucked little kids . 
  i never got that joke . 
  i just googled it and apparently it 's clitoris . 
  since when does `` dolores '' rhyme with `` clitoris '' ? 
  i understand all that . 
  i get why the pieces are there . 
  it would n't stop me from immidiately thinking of kkk though . 
   a ) they 're muppets b ) no pointed hoods and c ) the cowboy hats, 
  you do n't have to be 100 % accurate to provoke a thought like the kkk reference . 
  the hoods not being pointed is because they 're obviously not intended to be dressed as kkk members . 
  nobody is suggesting they are . 
  it 's just that they kinda look like it . 
  which is ironic cause most atheists think people who post on / r/atheism are fucking idiots . 
  high brightness all day every day . 
  i had it on automatic for like 2 days when i first got a wp in 2012 and have been rocking high ever since . 
  auto brightness fucking sucks no matter what phone or device . 
  there 's nothing more annoying than the brightness changing while using it . 
  being white is great, 
  but i 've literally never heard clitoris pronounced that way, 
  source ? 
  e. it 's [ flora ] ( http://www.hegre-art.com/models/flora ) from herge, 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4jgqj3f.png ) is the original picture btw, 
  i would n't make the connection in the first place . 
  serious question . 
  why ? 
  i watched the ad and i would n't use that even if it was free and did everything they said it would . 
  yeah . 
  psychological and emotional abuse that worked to achieve to goal it set out to . 
  nobody said it works on everyone, 
   and if that 's what gets your dick hard , then that 's for you, 
  why are you taking this personally ? 
  i even said i 'm not recommending it nor do i use it . 
  just explaining why some people do it . 
  for the simple fact that it works . 
   you seem really hung up on the fact that it works . 
  yeah , it works . 
  we all get it . 
  well obviously not when the majority in this thread is saying how this sort of tactics could never work . 
  that 's the only reason i even pointed out that actually they do . 
  kkk members having gatherings in white sheets and liking the confederate flag is not a `` racist connection '' . 
  you 're either implying kkk members are a race or that all white people are secretly kkk members . 
  but it does n't have to work on everyone . 
  the type of guys who are willing to use emotional abuse to get laid are also usually the type of guys who think 100 `` no `` s and 1 yes is a yes . 
  you do n't need to have a 100 % success rate for it to work . 
  i just woke up in the middle of darkness and looked at my phone . 
  did n't feel any discomfort . 
  the only reason i even thought about it was this thread .
