  i do n't know what kind of bouncy castles you have wherever you live but the ones i 've seen were about the size of a two story house . 
  non-english speaking people trying to sound cool in english . 
  just like when you play any japanese video game where they try to portray americans or europeans . 
  it is common . 
  i do n't get what 's cringeworthy about this except if you base your sexual experiences in sit-coms and think everyone really comes in 30 seconds or is bragging . 
  i remember when i had sex for the first couple of times i had a real hard time trying to ejaculate , i bet it was rough on her lady parts . 
  no you forget . 
  unless a guy comes in under 30 seconds it 's bragging . 
  it 's pretty common . 
  does n't affect the game though so i do n't care . 
  yeah it 's too bad i have to use 2560x1440 because the others look like shit on my screen . 
  glad i get over 200 fps anyway so it 's no big deal . 
  yeah i mainly use this for chemistry/drug related things . 
  often i just want to know what something is used for , not read the entire chemical structure . 
  i have no problem with public balance statements like this from players ( ryung 's imba imba imba for example ) but you should learn to play before you make one . 
  when you simply get outplayed like heromarine did it 's a bit ridiculous . 
  true , but nevertheless, 
  yeah but the joke does n't really work when the games we saw were n't an example of `` power of protoss '' . 
   do n't even seem to know which country tb lives in, 
  what are you referring to ? 
  serious question , i do n't follow tb that actively . 
  e. apparently in the earlier e-mail they treathened to send their lawyers to uk and iirc tb moved to the us . 
   edit on that webpage it says you can vape while charging , mine can not do that . 
  depends on the power cord . 
  if you look at the bottom of the solo you see different volts to be used for recharging and for use with ac power . 
  the cord it originally shipped with could do both . 
  at least in europe they replaced it with a stock cord that could only recharge . 
  i do n't know if there 's a new version like some people are saying , but the old version can be used for both as well if you buy a 2 $ cord from any electronics store . 
  that 's just the game . 
  the multiplayer is really that terrible on `` real '' windows as well . 
  that 's why the relaunch was n't as succesful as it could have been , they really rushed it . 
  mflb is a cheap piece of crap compared to the solo . 
  it 's mostly for people who 've never owned a vaporizer before , and it does its job fine , but solo is probably the best portable vaporizer available . 
  it 's just better in every day , there 's no real `` pros/cons '' . 
  teemu did n't even call it a dive . 
  it was n't a dive , it simply was n't worth a penalty . 
  there was some after the hit as well , but i think it was in front of the penalty box and mainly to the ref . 
  crosby was there too though ( since he is a captain after all ) . 
  every powerplay you give to the canadians is a critical moment in a game . 
  that call resulted in the only goal the canadians got in regulation time . 
  i 'd be more afraid of both czech or slovakia than russia . 
  russia plays like it 's a khl all-star showmatch . 
  they always do . 
  pass the puck to the biggest name and hope he scores . 
  russia is an easy opponent , it 's sweden in the semis i 'm worried about . 
  no we do n't . 
  he was good 15 years ago . 
  ever since he got his own tv show he got in his head that he 's a fucking comedy act . 
  he has no clue about the modern game and he 's charactarized every player in the finnish team by one play they made years ago and just keeps repeating the same things or forcing jokes when they are n't necessary . 
  also he 's so biased it 's not even funny but i guess that 's part of the act . 
  yes he can be entertaining in small doses and i understand the tradition/camp value because we got to listen to him in 1995 and 2011 but he fucking sucks as a commentator and it was time he moved on . 
  by no means am i alone with this opinion , though i do agree a majority of the people who watch hockey once a year do like him . 
   little bit disappointed in our game, 
  there 's no reason to be disappointed . 
  with a roster like this tying with canada in regulation is better than expected . 
  if we can play like that against canada there 's no reason we ca n't beat the other big nations . 
  which is something i was doubting a bit after the injuries . 
  probably because this was the only `` real '' game in the group stage for both canada and finland , so he wanted to play the goalie he thinks is gon na be # 1 in the playoffs . 
   quick settings has 5 slots , and you can set any of the following in the slots, 
  so is this `` quick settings '' an entirely new thing , or is it an old thing expanded to 5 slots ? 
  i want these quick settings . 
  with thin enough fabric you can get a lot out of a photo when you play with photoshop . 
  so by `` real '' i guess he means it 's the original picture that 's just been color/brightness/saturation etc. 
  adjusted . 
  the third pic is someone else 's kinda similiar boobs shopped in . 
  e. very basic tutorial : http://www.humorsharing.com/how-to-use-x-ray-in-photoshop/6490, 
  to be clear i was just explaining what he was saying , in my personal opinion from having seen quite a few pixels in my time i 'd say the second one has been altered as well . 
  the nipples are probably real but the cleavage/underboob looks fake/added . 
  the third one just went crazy , she does n't have d-cup pornstar breasts . 
  so i can do somebody 's job . 
  for free . 
  no it is n't . 
  i 'm plat/diamond myself and storms are n't that hard to dodge/counter . 
  i mean plat/diamond level toss storms . 
  just bait a few out before engaging or learn to micro ghosts . 
  i have one glass i use for soda and one i use for water . 
  i wash them both about once a week or so but they 're always `` out '' . 
  i just refill them so i never have to `` take a glass '' . 
  i do have almost 20 glasses in the cupboard but these two are the best so they 're dedicated for the most important tasks . 
  also they 're the only ones i have to wash by hand . 
  for me the hardest part was learning not to control group them with your army since they fuck up the use of stim . 
  the first ones are easy of course but the reinforcements are n't . 
  mmm requires a lot less control/apm than mmm + ghosts so a lot of not-so-skilled players probably feel uncomfortable using them or even feel that the added tasks make their overall game worse cause they ca n't focus purely on the bio ball . 
  it 's totally worth learning though as it 's the single most important unit in tvp . 
  yeah but zerg can rally units individually and toss can warp in units in separate locations . 
  ghosts rally to the exact same location as all the other barracks units . 
  that 's what makes it more difficult . 
  especially when reinforcing . 
  i do have separate hotkeys for my bio ball , drops , tanks , vikings etc. 
  but ghosts are by far the most difficult because of that . 
  actually getting the ghosts in their own control group is n't the problem . 
  it 's removing/not getting them in your bio-ball control group . 
  i typically just ctrl-click the ghosts , move them away and then box the reinforcing bio . 
  boxing the entire and shift-clicking all the ghosts is more complicated in my opinion . 
  i do n't think you can box the bio and then ctrl-shift-click to remove the ghosts , or can you ? 
  i should try that . 
  all right well i 'll certainly try to keep that in mind in the future . 
  i really do n't mind people with cheatengine installed being banned . 
  yeah i get that you could just be interested in theory etc. 
  but to me it sounds like people using bittorrent to `` download linux distros '' .
