  also he has a punchable face . 
   that `` soviet '' era was only a fraction of russia 's 900 year history . 
  true , though it is notable that the `` russian '' soldiers in winter war were almost exclusively not russians . 
  well i did n't come up with the term did i ? 
  someone 's name is a pretty good indication of their cultural heritage but it 's a terrible tool to figure out their place of birth . 
  am i the only one thinking the responsibility should be the organizer 's ? 
  there 's a reason the clubs have to submit their playing rosters x hours before the match start . 
  is it too much to ask that someone goes through it and checks their eligibility ? 
  this is n't 8th division sunday league . 
  so that magazine was like the 1940s equivalent of pua forums ? 
  source is any book or article about winter war , it 's pretty common knowledge . 
  google it yourself . 
  i never said i was a huge fan of his snl performances , i hardly ever watched the show , just that when i saw him make appearances in other media i remember him being well liked . 
   his popularity has skyrocketed, 
  sure if popularity means viewer figures . 
  if talking about the average comment made about him then not so much . 
  yes, 
  if you ca n't find one yourself you did n't even try to so i do n't really feel like doing your googling for you . 
  i think it sounds like your average air pump, 
  it actually does work with blasts of air pressure . 
  [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/impulse_fire_extinguishing_system ) the guy responding above is talking out of his ass . 
  cops are not civilians but whatever the circlejerk likes to wank off to tonight i guess . 
   if most of europe and the americas , along with countries like japan , korea , australia , etc left fifa the rest of the world 's fas would follow, 
  really all it would take would be a few of the big european ones . 
  imagine a fifa without italy , spain and germany for example . 
  it would be a joke . 
  not really . 
  he is in the middle of the fucking intersection . 
  it could n't have been helpful for the other drivers including the truck driver . 
  if you pause on the first frame you can see the whole thing http://i.imgur.com/hudtzau.png, 
  well i personally have the whole thing in 1080p , i was just providing an explanation to why the thumbnail seems to differ from the gif . 
  i could 've sworn it was from a porno, 
  yeah typically my game-specific subscriptions last about 6 months . 
  not this one . 
  not really that disheartened personally . 
  i already knew it was going to happen before the announcement based on their previous titles . 
  i still pay for single player games on pc but total war along with paradox 's strategy games and the tropico series are ones i just straight out pirate without questions because they 're cut into so many ridiculous dlc pieces . 
  especially since getting the whole package does n't feel like a game and a number of expansions , they feel like what a game should be at launch if you 're asking full price for it . 
   you could just not play them . 
  but i enjoy playing the games ? 
  that does n't mean i want to financially support their sketchy business models . 
   pirating games probably does n't send the message anyone on the consumer end wants being sent . 
  yeah it sends absolutely zero message at all because i do n't show up on any statistics . 
  it 's effectively the same as not playing the game from the publisher 's standpoint . 
  china is not the west . 
  roads are n't as perfectly designed as they are here . 
  look at that lane turning right or the lane the truck is trying to reach . 
  they 're both clearly halfway over the crosswalk . 
  regardless the guy was about 5 meters further in front than he should 've been . 
   you enjoy them , so you want to consume them . 
  but you do n't want to support the organization actually producing the things you enjoy ? 
  i like supporting the organizations producing the things i enjoy in a reasonable manner . 
  i buy games all the time . 
  just 3 days ago i bought just cause 3 for full price because i loved jc2 and jc3 did n't have any sketchy dlc deals or other business decisions i disagreed with . 
   if you do n't like the game or the business model then do n't play it . 
  doing otherwise is unethical . 
  ethics are n't some universal laws dictated by science . 
  your ethics are n't my ethics . 
  i 'm not going to deprive myself of enjoyment just because i think the company publishing said enjoyment is pricing it unfairly and promoting practices i do n't think are good for the industry . 
  i will continue to pay and support publishers i agree with and pirate games i want to play but do n't want to support the business model of . 
   many a publisher has found ways to collect information on pirated copies of their games . 
  they are always always exclusively open trackers tracked in these statistics . 
  i have n't used open trackers since kazaa was a thing . 
  i also always make sure to block the program from my firewall even if it is n't specifically mentioned . 
  in the end even if they did find a way to track me i 'd welcome them . 
  it 's good they know people would want to play their games . 
  paradox is kind of unique with their `` with paid content comes free content '' model but as someone who rarely purchases games at launch and often spends time going through older titles i 'm seriously put off by seeing a game have something like 50 different dlc 's that are significant game content . 
  yeah sure i can believe it was n't content cut at launch but when you have like 5 different expansions reworking the core mechanics of the game and then 20 different unit packs i ca n't help but wonder that maybe the game should n't have come out in a state that it needed all this as extra . 
  when you need this many overhauls maybe it would 've been better to push back the release date and instead of working on `` dlc '' the next year just have it be a part of the vanilla game dev cycle . 
  see the problem here is that i 'm happy with my current situation . 
  you 're trying to preach to me that i should accept your standards for what is right and wrong effectively lowering my quality of life just because ... well you never go to that part . 
  because it 's cowboy-like ? 
  pretty tough sell to be honest . 
   as you say , most of it is entirely inconsequential cosmetic stuff, 
  i did n't say that . 
  the `` reskin '' packs seem to be a vast minority . 
   when it comes to the idea of them reworking mechanics , i must say i truly can not understand where you 're coming from ? 
  the game released in a perfectly playable state long before the first expansion pack . 
  playable is a vague word . 
  look at something like victoria 2 . 
  after the two expansions everyone considers the base game to be utter shit and not worth a player 's time . 
  look up any forum or subreddit or the like and every newbie is told get the expansions or do n't bother . 
  the game is practically fully rebuilt . 
  it was `` playable '' at launch . 
  it functioned . 
  it just was n't very good . 
  after the two expansions it 's wonderful . 
  it 's what it should 've been all along . 
  it 's also a 5 year old game that currenctly costs 65,90 $ on steam . 
  i just bought a goty version full of dlc mission packs etc. 
  for a big name game ( dishonored ) two days ago for 8 $ . 
  and dishonored came out 2 years after victoria 2 . 
   well there 's currently a list of 38 pieces of dlc . 
  7 of those are the major expansions , with the remaining 31 being a mixture of cosmetics and soundtracks . 
  i do n't see how that be seen as the minority ? 
  if you just count the numbers then yes , it 's not a minority , but you have to keep in mind dlc 's are n't equal . 
  if you have 7 expansions at 19.99 or 15.99 a piece they ca n't really be held equal to dlc sold at 0.99 a piece . 
  in a total package the bulk of the price is n't made up by cosmetic items . 
  e. even with the sales over the dishonored goty pack is 24.90 compared to the 65 $ of victoria . 
  a game 2 years older .
