  or both . 
  that 's why this is the kind of game you play alone . 
  in the dark . 
  with one hand . 
  i kinda wan na try it . 
  because my ipod nano weighs like 30g , is so tiny i ca n't feel it in my pocket and most of all it does n't use a fucking touch screen which , while handy in some instances , are possibly the most annoying thing to try to operate while running . 
  \\  buying a new phone every 6 months, 
  what 's the problem ? 
  this is basically porn . 
  next you 're gon na tell me women are sexualized in porn ? 
  how does an ipod mean extra cables ? 
  it uses the same cable as an iphone . 
  having a phone in your pocket is the worst thing ever . 
  having an ipod that 's so light you do n't even notice it is n't . 
  also i do n't have shitty apple headphones with fancy gimmicks like the ability to operate . 
  yeah but the same headphones i bought we 're 50 $ extra with that remote . 
  i 'd call that a gimmick not worth the price . 
  imgur uploader is areally easy to use and quick app btw, 
  while i appreciate taking off the helmets i do n't wish more nhl fights started like this . 
  from a face-off . 
  it does n't even look like they 're mad at each other , they just decide to fight to entertain the masses . 
  this is the kind of fighting i do n't approve of in hockey . 
  after a dirty hit or touching your goalie ? 
  part of the game . 
  just for the sake of fighting ? 
  belongs somewhere else than a hockey game . 
   ( since this is russia ) he was probably worried about getting shot or knifed by this guy . 
  it 's funny that russians would probably say `` since this is america he was probably worried about getting shot or knifed by this guy '' if the situation was reversed . 
  the headphones i 'm referencing are the bose in-ear plugs . 
  they 're great and well worth the price , i 've had a ton of experience with bose and i would n't call the company a ripoff . 
  it 's just that they have the ability to ask for an extra $ 50 for the remote feature and someone will pay it for sure . 
  yeah i know they have air in their prices the same way apple does but it 's not just sound quality i like , it 's build quality . 
  i 'm still using my 2007 on-ear headphones and the in-ear plugs i got in 06 or 07 lasted until december 2012 when i had to get new ones . 
  and it 's not like i treat them well , i just stuff them in my front pocket . 
  what ? 
  this seems relatively easy to code compared to everything else google does . 
  just have a bunch of sets of words , if enough of those words match it 'll start suggesting the rest from the group . 
  e. actually it seems to use the search function rather than predetermined lists , so yes that is a bit more difficult to implement . 
  exactly why i downvoted this post . 
  yeah we get it rape is bad and the new cool thing to get worked up about but not every rape around the world is front page news . 
  yeah it 's well-written . 
  if you 've never read another article or a book in your life . 
  i have no clue what `` axo '' is so i 'm completely unbiased in this matter but that read more like a high schoolers blog post than an article in a newspaper . 
  i was an exchange student in 2007 . 
  everywhere i went i heard crank that by soulja boy . 
  people did the dance in the school hallways . 
  the music video played on the tvs in walmart . 
  i hated the song from the bottom of my heart but now ? 
  it 's such a nostalgic experience to listen to it on youtube . 
  bring back soulja boy !, 
  i want to know what 's this relevant subreddit to jumping panthers, 
  implying everyone on 4chan does n't also reddit, 
  it 's a good game but hardly a $ 50 game . 
  i got it for $ 30 in november last year and that was for xbox . 
  steam is always cheaper than xbox . 
  though i noticed it is $ 50 right now but i 'm quite sure it was on sale for something like $ 15 a while back . 
  i think this is a retarded trend in modern phones . 
  ever since phones got those shitty 600x400 cameras photos and videos have been separated , except now that we actually have use for phone videos . 
  i just upgraded to lumia 920 which is an amazing phone with great video quality but for some reason it 's also my first nokia phone that does n't have separate `` apps '' for videos and photos , videos just have a `` play '' symbol on them . 
  never is a bit of an overstatement but yes it works really well . 
  as does soundhound . 
  soundhound is amazing . 
  i tried it out while listening to some semi-popular edm song and it even got the remix right . 
  that 's impressive . 
  we 're waiting ... 
  for me this was a `` pause cringe '' video . 
  the kind that you can watch for 10 seconds at a time at most , pause , preferably change the tab , look at something else , then force yourself to continue etc. 
  until you 've had enough . 
  this guy has a lot of friends ? 
   and it just . 
  kept . 
  going . 
  but you just described what made it cringeworthy ? 
  cringe is not `` hilarious '' . 
  url ? 
  you should ask what her company does and ask for a similarly priced in return , 
  her name is angela sommers but i can only find lesbian vids :(, 
  and he said he has a decently high income . 
  so for him it costs what would probably be the equivelant of 90 to you . 
  i do n't see anything weird with buying this as a gift , the other part of the comment though ... 
  too much metal to be ikea, 
  anyone know if this is possible in the real nhl ? 
  or do they count every goal as a shot ? 
  where i live they just use these http://www.amig.es/datos/fotos/3066/espigas_madera_rgb.jpg, 
  wine tasters sound like massive douches though ... 
  i already play gta . 
  i enjoy gta but it 's not the same as saints row . 
  saints row 1 & 2 were amazing games . 
  i loved them . 
  just got the saints row 3 complete edition and it 's ... lame . 
  10 minutes into the game i 'm using uav drones and some teleporting ninjas with shock wave hammers are after me ? 
  that 's not cool , that 's going full retard . 
  exactly . 
  crazy but believable . 
  in sr3 it 'd be a flying alien shit cannon spraying exploding shit . 
  it 's just too over the top to be enjoyable . 
  honestly i feel they could n't come up with decent story/missions and tried to replace that with `` omg le so random * holds up spork * '' . 
  the game could be alright if it was over the top and had good writing and gameplay but it just does n't . 
  because things are not either `` silly '' or `` not-silly '' . 
  gta is super realistic and serious .
