  i feel bad for you . 
  while helsinki has a crap ton of bad quality kebab too there 's also a number of good quality places if you know where to go and they seem to be increasing in numbers . 
  growing up in espoo microwaved kebab was the norm so i 'm no stranger to shitty kebab myself . 
   it is n't very common , at least not that ive witness unless you 're middle class and can afford that, 
  is n't middle class the most common class ? 
  i thought that was pretty much the definition, 
  to be fair is n't it good to turn the person ( and their head ) to their side to make sure their airways stay open while unconscious especially with alcohol in their blood ? 
  not that shaking it is ever a good idea . 
   if they live in dorms , there are dorm parents to oversee and provide daily support . 
  no there are n't . 
  there 's fellow students and then there 's an emergency contact . 
  your main source of `` parental emotional support '' is calling your parents , something op can do as well . 
  it 's you who are wrong . 
  the entire game gets chopped into pieces of 8 rounds that you watch . 
  i 've had plenty of overwatch cases that started from the warmup before all players were even connected and were n't blatant cheaters . 
   it 's not meant to be a fun task . 
  the reason people do it in csgo is because it 's a fun task . 
  there 's no item rewards or anything like that because people would just abuse it . 
  a guy shoots up 13 random people and the one giving him advice provokes a `` wtf is wrong with people '' response from you ? 
  good for op getting 13 before being taken down . 
  i wholeheartedly encourage you to kill yourself, 
  you give a lot of credit to 5 year olds, 
  setting a goal for yourself and then achieving that goal is an important process in all of our daily lives, 
  if you happened to browse / r9k / at the right time yesterday you knew about it [ one day ahead ] ( https://i.imgur.com/bletatk.jpg ) . 
  e. [ full thread before deletion ] ( https://i.imgur.com/tdxucsa.png ), 
  or a random guy from the internet, 
  i stopped buying it after i realized enemies using it on me was basically a warning flag for `` get the fuck out epi/echo/call down etc. 
  is coming '', 
   the rest of it is redundant due to the device in my pocket and the smart aspect of my tv . 
  exactly . 
  i use my ps4 to play ps4 exclusive games . 
  i 've never tried to use netflix or spotify or browse facebook on my ps4 because i do n't see the point of using a ps4 for any of those things . 
  however the messages taking forever is a real problem . 
  i simply can not understand how in the year 2015 it takes 10 minutes for a message or game invite to be delivered . 
  on 360 ( a 10 year old console ) it was 1-2 seconds so i 'd frequently get a `` gg '' or a `` fuck you '' or get challenged to a rematch etc. 
  when i was playing ea sports games or dark souls pvp or even just trashtalk opponents after a game . 
  sometimes i 'd add these people to my friends list and play more later . 
  that does n't happen on ps4 because the message system is so unreliable people just do n't bother , you ca n't have a conversation anyway because it takes half an hour for your message to reach him and his reply to reach you . 
  the whole culture of messaging your opponent does n't exist . 
  yeah and it was always a sucker punch too . 
  `` bully learns a lesson the hard way '', 
  no he said his family has more money than god . 
  i do n't think the guy lives with his parents . 
  yeah little kids eat legos and dirt and shit, 
  also i doubt a 4 month old baby has to repeat the mistake of eating meth too many times before a lethal dose, 
  no that 's a part of the car , could be the windshield . 
  in the article someone posted it mentioned how they could n't remove the driver from the car before cutting the whole roof open . 
  that 's the comfiest thing i 've seen in a long time and i always browse through the comfy threads, 
  op kinda fucked that up himself when he posted pics from the outside how it looks to the street, 
  fucking normies taking our terminology, 
   like , this one dude did actually kill a woman so he could post it on 4chan before killing himself . 
  that 's a pretty loaded statement . 
  how about `` this one dude killed a woman and posted it on 4chan before killing himself '' . 
  yeah but first give it a volume slider, 
  i do n't want to believe but in polls he 's got double the votes of the 2nd highest candidate, 
  i watched the cnn coverage for about an hour or two yesterday and they specifically did not mention his name that whole time . 
  even going as far as saying `` we have been told the name but the sheriff asked us not to ... '', 
  well i 'm guessing in the ~ 24 hours since then they 've changed their policy, 
  the guy who posted on 4chan was the shooter . 
  egg man is a totally different guy with a big head who posted selfies on 4chan a few years ago and became a meme so as soon as the news broke that the guy posted on / r9k / before doing it everyone started spamming egg man 's picture to the media on twitter and some of them actually believed it with zero fact checking . 
  4chan did n't really `` list him as a shooter '' if you actually went to the site itself because no one on there would 've believed it since everyone knows egg man . 
  he 's a guy with a big forehead who posted a bunch of selfies on 4chan asking if someone looking like him could ever get a gf etc. 
  and someone found out that he had a youtube channel with plenty of lenghty rants about women in general and other shit so that combined with his consistent attention whoring posting his face kinda made him a running joke on / r9k /, 
  when people found out that the shooter posted on / r9k / they started tweeting to media sites that it was egg man since he 's kind of a mascot of the board , the other being elliot rodger, 
  i wonder what random factors there are that make clones sometimes perform worse than the round before, 
  then do n't do it ? 
  i love betting on my own games whether it 's charms or simply trying to go for a high score on the victory shout, 
  eat and drink those competing brands three times as much as before, 
   lose the game for any tiny mistake . 
  would n't your teammates betting make them more inclined to win ? 
  mute is your friend, 
  people who have a habit of crying to their teammates are already crying because of mmr even without bets, 
  you mean quitting games ? 
  what kind of a `` system '' do you propose that forces you to sit on your computer and try your best for the entire game ? 
  there 's already ranking points and punishment for abandoning , if someone really wants to fuck your game by quitting they 'll do it regardless of what sort of mmr points they lose . 
  most people i 've seen feed have been solo queuers but nobody makes a thread about those . 
  yeah damn those other morons, 
   an artist will always remember where they used assets before , and ( at least at a decent company ) will not risk damaging the brand . 
  you do realize game studios typically employ more than one artist ? 
  granted something major like the clothing of a main character does get `` background checked '' but more generic assets like wall/ground/trash / vehicle textures get recycled constantly without much consideration . 
  tdm does n't count, 
   vc only worked because it was the 80s and i do n't want a hd remaster of an already amazing game rather than a new installment . 
  gta4 was the same city and time period as gta3 . 
  do you consider gta4 a new installment or an `` hd remaster '' ? 
  there 's a bunch of gta-esque games set in non-english speaking countries . 
  a huge part of gta is the social commentary and dark humor . 
  i just do n't see it working as well in another environment . 
  large audiences does n't know enough about brazil to listen to advertisements on the in-game radio and say `` haha that 's funny just like all the brazilian ads i normally hear on the radio '' . 
  if it meant having all that time and effort focused on the single player i fully agree . 
  unfortunately it probably would n't work like that . 
  who said anything about defining ? 
  short lenght is still a legitimate complaint . 
  what exactly do you think the purpose of a bombing is ? 
  that 's a secondary objective . 
  the main reason of bombing is psychological warfare . 
  why do you think western nations in ww2 spent so much time and effort bombing each other 's biggest cities that had practically nothing but civilians left ? 
  to kill all those women , children and elderly before they join the front lines ? 
  us bombing all over afganistan was an accident ? 
  you ca n't bomb a city of over 300,000 people then claim it 's an `` accident '' when you hit a hospital or civilians . 
  they 're calculated collateral damage .
