  they do n't ( supposedly ) have anything to do with the sex part . 
  even though brothels and pimping are illegal here it 's completely legal for a private citizen to charge money for sex . 
  there 's even a message board for discussing experiences and giving customer reviews etc. 
  if you 're interested . 
  well like i said paying for sex is n't illegal in the countries the ads are listed in so it 'd be a pretty shitty sting operation, 
  i agree with you . 
  also i do n't really give a shit about the canon or the story or the campaign as long as they make the game good . 
  i would only play multiplayer but god damnit i loved wc3 ( and love sc2 ) . 
   the dull colors also fit stylistically and thematically with war . 
  maybe because your idea of war comes from movies and not you know , war . 
  environments do n't just change their colours when a war breaks out . 
  that 's the entire point of city maps , they 're supposed to look like someone used to live there just weeks ago , thus the bright colours . 
  now they look like battle arenas made specifically for war . 
  no no no you got it all wrong . 
  this is r/gaming , everything is consoles ' fault . 
  not the developers , not the risen popularity of gaming attracting more casual players , not the pc gamers who pirated everything and forced publishers to develop primarily for consoles , none of those . 
  it 's the consoles . 
  yes because consoles did n't exist 30 years ago . 
  i played tons of bf1942 , vietnam and bf2 . 
  bfbc2 was a better game than any of those . 
   it was such an infuriating train wreck . 
  most of it persisted in the multiplayer , too ... just an amazingly random collection of stuff designed to blind you , placed all over every map . 
  the snow ones were the best : `` lol scope 's nothing but white '', 
  while i agree with you on the single player none of this existed in the multi player . 
  and i had no problems long range sniping in either snow or non-snow maps . 
  looks like you 're either a terrible newbie or just someone who 's looking for a reason to rant . 
  e. i just realized you were probably talking of the pc version . 
  yes the pc had terrible bloom effects everywhere . 
  it was really weird that the draw distance on consoles was better than pc . 
  usually it 's the other way around . 
  i remember trying bc2 on my friend 's pc . 
  i could n't see shit . 
  the console version was much better which was actually pretty weird . 
  playing on pc there was bloom everywhere and you could n't see shit when trying to snipe . 
  the effect did n't even exist on consoles which made it 10 times more playable . 
  bf3 's colour scheme is very aggressive . 
  what i mean by that it 's blue everywhere . 
  it also affects the atmosphere of the game which in turn affects the mood of the player . 
  it 's not so much `` i do n't like blue i wo n't play this anymore '' as `` i do n't really feel like playing bf3 i wonder if i have any other games '', 
  they probably added all the bloom to mask the texture quality that was also designed with consoles in mind . 
  too bad it had such an effect in playability . 
   actually i never attended because i did n't like the way of the grading policy . 
  yeah that does n't sound like an excuse at all . 
  yeah it 's a shitty system . 
  i doubt anyone who goes to hs likes the grading policy . 
  it does n't mean the all drop out . 
  also with the ridiculous multiple choice system that 's used in america the homework actually tells a lot more about your level of understanding than the test . 
  have you tried it on a console ? 
  my guess is the effect was added to mask the console-quality textures or just left out of the console version because of the hardware limitations but turns out it also made the game much less enjoyable . 
  yeah i do n't get all the hate on this subreddit against blowing smoke towards animals either . 
  my dog always comes around when she smells smoke and when i blow it in her general direction she enjoys it . 
  probably the smell , i doubt she realizes what it actually is . 
  but after that she 's just like a dog except more relaxed . 
  she lies on my lap and enjoys playing with me and overall is totally happy . 
  i do n't see what 's so wrong about that . 
  it 's not like i hold the dog down and force smoke down it 's lungs against it 's will . 
  there was a lexi belle anal vid before this james dean one . 
  i never saw it though not sure if it was just anal play or anal sex . 
  of course they only picked the dumbest answers for the show . 
  nobody 's questioning that . 
  but even despite that it 's still goddamn depressing . 
  the fact that they were so easily able to find 20 or so people willing to invade countries they know nothing about or think everything 's located in australia . 
  you can find stupid people and uneducated people anywhere but this video is truly `` only in america '' . 
  downvoted for `` le me '' and also for not having any sort of content or a punchline what so ever . 
  there is simply no point to this comic . 
  as someone who watched every f1 race from ~ 95 to ~ 05 ( before they moved to a pay channel ) everytime i hear something about the current f1 series i 'm surprised . 
   how come people do n't realize their being cheap asshats when they exploit the system like this ? 
  just because i realize i 'm a cheap asshat and exploiting the system and that my benefit will eventually be disadvantageous to everyone else does n't mean i 'd stop . 
  just being honest . 
  duly noted . 
  well gladly my goal in life is not to be as benefitial as possible to my society so i can just focus on what 's best for me personally . 
  i would n't call it unethical , i 'd just say ethics are n't something i 'd even consider in situations such as these . 
  i was born to an extremely leftist country so i 'm not planning to join your society as this one is perfect for exploitation . 
  but just a reminder ; you ca n't choose your society . 
  ai n't that a bitch . 
  i read the two first paragraphs but then tl ; dr fascicst prick who want 's to control the world so everyone would be like him/her . 
  well of course i do . 
  i 'll take every advantage i can get , after all you only live once . 
  i 'm not about to hinder my only chance at life with artificial morals or ethics . 
  as a side note , do all flames jerseys have a national flag on them ? 
  is it canada for everyone or the flag of their own country ? 
   try to get some sativa, 
  i agree with that, 
   then you 'll want to go to class and you 'll be attentive , focused , and happy, 
  everything except `` happy '' was complete bullshit though . 
  i 'm laughing my ass of right now because you should seriously watch some talent suomi ( finland 's got talent ) . 
  it 's on its 4th season right now and like you would figure in a country of 5 million people everyone who knows how to do anything has alread appeared on the show in the first 3 seasons ( though they were absolute crap as well ) . 
  the 4th season is like watching the grade/middle school end of year celebration ceremonies or whatever they 're called . 
  you truly have no idea of a talent-less comptetition if you call x factor the worst . 
  propably from `` naked and funny '' which is a candid camera show with boobs . 
  best show on tv really . 
  i wish there was a site that listed all the girls , i do n't know how they manage to keep up the quality . 
  i agree . 
  i come to / r/aww for cute animals . 
  i get enough pictures of babies on my facebook feed . 
  117.21 $ is still a huge phone bill though, 
  can you do this with the google docs `` excel '' ? 
   as an american jew i look at veterans of that war with extremely high regard . 
  my grandfather is jewish and a wwii veteran . 
  he fought on the side of the axis ( did n't really have a choice ) .
