  those were actual quotes ? 
  i 'm sorry i do n't really follow the `` scene '' with all the drama etc. 
  i just watch all the tournaments and the important games etc. 
  i do enjoy these esex parodies which is why i clicked the link . 
  are you telling me those were real quotes and not part of the joke ? 
  the truth . 
   because of what distress it may cause his wife as opposed to him directly . 
  this was never implied in the article . 
  the culprit never involved the wife . 
  she told the 3rd woman ( friend of both the woman and the victim ) who told the victim . 
   furthermore , while the size of the fine depends on the size of defendant 's income , it 's the 1100 euros for acute stress disorder that 's a bit iffy . 
  i hope he does n't feel like he needs therapy after this , as given the cost of living in finland , i figure most therapists would n't even answer the phone for that money . 
  not really . 
  we do n't do the whole `` money as a punishment '' thing the u.s. is famous for . 
  you do n't get awarded money for being wronged . 
  usually your expenses for the wrongdoing are covered and the offender is punished separately but that 's about it . 
  also if he did need therapy it was in all likelihood paid for by the state . 
  despite having a high cost of living finland is one of the most socialist countries out there . 
  most people here rely on state funded healthcare , physical or mental . 
   when you think about what would have happened to s man that did something like that, 
  pretty much exactly the same would have happened . 
  are you finnish ? 
  do you read finnish newspapers ? 
  or are you just comparing this case of a man being sexually assaulted in finland to a case of a woman being assaulted in another country ? 
  a bit maybe but it 's not day and night . 
  a fine compared a fine and probation . 
  not a slap on the wrist versus jail time . 
  except that is n't mummy just a dead body treated with some chemicals and wrapped in cloth ? 
  a mummy is n't actually the definition of the bad guy in `` the mummy '' the movie . 
  the `` the woman had later started to feel bad for having wronged the man 's wife . '', 
  line is just speculation on part of the journalist writing the article . 
  it 's not a quote nor is there a quote to back up this statement . 
  the article states that the culprit had confessed to the 3rd woman on the morning following the incident . 
  it also says the man received a facebook message from the woman who had touched his genitalia admitting to a `` wild night '' which prompted the man to make police report . 
  he did n't actually recall anything happening before the woman confessed . 
  nevertheless the term `` mummy '' refers to the old egyptian way of burying people of importance and the end result of that . 
  not some magical creature that wakes up after death . 
  in finland all fines above 200 $ are fixed to your income . 
  you do n't get punished a certain amount of money , you 're punished x amount of `` day fines '' ( a percentage of your income ) . 
  this also applies to speeding fines etc. 
  which is why finland holds the record for highest speeding fine in history ( a rich kid showing off his lamborgini ) . 
  yeah but we do n't have a `` three strikes law '' which is the reason for getting put to jail for the rest of your life for theft . 
   i heard there was some crazy library fine too , like $ 10,000 for a book overdue for several decades or something . 
  i 'm sorry but that sounds like an urban legend . 
  at least my local library collects fines for about 6 months after which they declare you `` bought '' the book for ridiculous overprice . 
  but i 'm talking about 100 $ , not tens of thousands of euros . 
  also library fees are n't adjusted to your income . 
  he heard the zoom so he shot though the wall right into his head in a place where you ca n't wallbang ? 
  if it really was a reaction to the zoom would n't he try to shoot somewhere where you can wallbang , even if that meant not `` hitting '' him perfectly through the wall ? 
  even `` random shots happen when you play thousands of matches '' is a better explanation than this zoom garbage . 
  yeah especially when they 're out in the ocean like [ here ] ( http://vmarris.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/image11.jpg ) . 
  they 've existed all my life yet i still think they look sci-fi . 
  yeah i used to be this way too if i heard myself talk on a video recorded by someone else but then i started doing some streaming on twitch and naturally wanted to check the vods for audio levels etc. 
  it was cringeworthy at first but i got over it in a couple of days . 
  i 'm perfectly fine hearing my own voice now . 
   was that not what i was saying ? 
  yes it is . 
  and it 's also what the guy you originally responded to was saying . 
  his voice is actually even higher than he thinks it is . 
  no shit ? 
  are you trying to convince people on r/imgoingtohellforthis / that sometimes people out in the real world are overly politically correct ? 
  is anyone even arguing against you ? 
  well we had slavery for a much much longer time in europe yet it does n't shape our culture and society in the 21st century . 
  you really think bioware is n't making enough money for ea to say `` we do n't want any of the characters to be dlc '' if they really wanted to ? 
  bioware was perfectly ok with the decision as it meant more $ $ $ for them as well . 
  a gif posted as a reply to a comment mentioning `` waffles '' and it 's not oj ? 
  it just sucks that the people probably impacted by this the most are the players who are the least at fault for what 's happened . 
  they 're the ones walking to the locker room in front of booing fans . 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say . 
  ea owns the rights to the franchise , yes , but bioware makes them tons of money in the forms of many franchises . 
  they 're not gon na go out of their way to piss off bioware . 
  in fact they probably try to cater to all their needs as well as they can . 
  saying bioware `` did n't want the character to be dlc but ea forced them to '' is just fanboy bullshit and making excuses . 
  in fact it sounds like succesful pr presenting bioware as the `` victim '' so you ca n't get mad at their stupid decisions whatever they do . 
  if i do n't like it i do n't have to watch it . 
  i never understood this whole `` noble death '' `` better to have nothing if they ca n't match the original '' bullshit . 
  if you want a noble death you can recreate it by not watching the show . 
  if you 're desperate for more stargate you watch the show . 
  everybody wins . 
  bold move advertising anything as similiar to the new sim city, 
  you think microsoft wanted to replace bungie ? 
  what happened to bungie and halo is exactly what ea wants to avoid . 
   what did the fucking arabs do ?!, 
  the basics to modern algebra ( notice `` al '' ) and equations and shit . 
  indians just came up with the numbers ( to count things ) , they did n't actually do complicated maths with them . 
  arabs came up with the whole idea of `` theoretical '' calculations . 
  using numbers to figure stuff out in real life instead of just using them to keep track of things . 
  all of them, 
  government pays for my food and internet and my mom helps with rent . 
  what do i do all day ? 
  browse internet , watch movies & tv shows , play video games , go to the gym , cook elaborate dinners , usual shit people do on their free time . 
  what did you expect ? 
  do you have a problem coming up with stuff to do on your free time ? 
  because i 've never had that issue . 
  finland but it 's pretty much the same in all of western/northern europe . 
  poop . 
  but i do n't see how that is in any way relevant to the question you quoted . 
  i 'm talking about free time and you 're talking about work . 
   that just seems kind of . 
  pointless , really .
