  only years later i googled it and the movie was actually by the same guy who created final fantasy . 
  maybe it 's just me but sexy definitely is n't the first word that comes to mind when i see [ this ] ( http://application.denofgeek.com/pics/film/list/smc01.jpg ) . 
  actually there are many other good bond games . 
  nightfire was great ( on consoles , the pc port was garbage ) , rogue agent was pretty good as well . 
   the entire point of doom is that you 're a lone marine who is the last line of defense between earth and demons from hell taking it over, 
  the entire point of doom was shooting monsters . 
  i did n't even know that game had a plot . 
  it 's 1am and i 'm still sweating . 
  it 's not * that * cold . 
  i just watched the doom movie for the first time because of all the hate it got in this thread . 
  i thought it was great . 
  in it 's genre at least . 
  `` the movie did n't even followed the abridged theme . '', 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  the entire movie is about soldiers fighting demons ? 
  yes there 's a squad of soldiers instead of one and the demons are from mars instead of hell . 
  ** who the fuck cares ? 
  ** i liked the doom games , i enjoyed the movie . 
  i thought it entirely captured the atmosphere of the games . 
  something like mars vs hell is irrelevant , they 're both out of planet earth and to be honest i do n't care what you call them , they 're still monsters . 
  this thread is filled with nitpicking nerds . 
  it 's the same fucking thing . 
  i do n't care what the `` backstory '' is , the film totally captured the atmosphere of the games . 
  the story is n't different . 
  hell and mars are completely interchangeable . 
  there 's nothing that makes you go `` oh i thought these monsters were from hell but if they 're from mars then that 's a completely different story '' . 
  the monsters will look the same , act the same and be reacted to the same way by all the other cast regardless of whether they 're from hell or mars . 
  you could dub over the two or three times they say `` mars '' in the movie and leave everything else the same and suddenly it 'd be a better movie because it 's hell like in the games ? 
  yeah because instead of taking the 3 seconds necessary to manually put in an alarm 20 minutes from now and get it right 100 % of the time i 'd rather gamble with fiddly voice controls ... 
  next you 're gon na tell me you prefer waving your hands in the air to using a remote . 
   or the fact that the ride is 20 + years old , is the most famous log flume ride of all time ... and the drop is literally in front the line that leads to the ride entrance . 
  yeah i live on the other side of the world and i know there 's a drop at the end of splash mountain . 
  well it is called * splash mountain * . 
  it 's always silly how people in that kind of position treat their job as a game . 
  hmm , should we wait a few minutes or maybe make a phone call to make sure the people of an entire nation are rightfully represented ... no , rules are rules you snooze you lose !, 
  even chicago is better than penguins tbh . 
  cyanide and happiness is cy & h . the creators themselves abbreviate it that way to differentiate from calvin and hobbes . 
  yeah but bill watterson never used calvin to preach about religion . 
  him being christian is irrelevant , your religion is n't related to everything you do . 
  you 've never been to a marketplace in a foreign country have you ? 
  you still watch tv ? 
  i too have pedophile feelings for [ chloe moretz ] ( http://gifwall.net/gif/gw-2-2.gif ) . 
  life does get simpler when someone else makes all the decisions for you . 
  he has said from the start though that he 's goal is to make enough money from starcraft to buy an apartment in paris and then go to college full-time . 
  he now has that apartment . 
   the fact that children ca n't consent ? 
  using america 's laws in a discussion about a frenchman in france . 
  good stuff . 
  i really like her face, 
  the problem with quickmeme was n't that they had a `` monopoly '' . 
  if reddit had a problem with that imgur would 've been banned ages ago . 
  the problem was the owners of quickmeme used voting bots to get more viewers to their site . 
   there is nothing in calvin and hobbes to support the idea that calvin was not a christian . 
  yeah and there 's nothing to support that he was christian . 
  religion ( at least organized religion ) is never discussed in c&h . trust me i know , i have the complete collection sitting on my desk even as i 'm typing this because it 's been such a short time since i last read it through . 
  besides , a six year old is n't `` creationist '' . 
  he 's a six year old . 
  but i read those pages you uploaded anyway and i do n't understand how they are supposed to prove he 's `` creationist '' ? 
  they dig up bones and arrange them into a dinosaur skeleton . 
  people who believe in evolution do n't believe in dinosaurs ? 
  why freeze the pattys ? 
  why would that make the viewers of an hbo show fall ? 
  should n't it be the opposite ? 
  e. oh apparently the original image had an error that has been corrected , nevermind . 
  if you have to work everyday it does n't really matter how much money you 're earning . 
  yeah why does the gif end a quarter into the way ? 
  e. i was sure it was because it failed to go all the way but it does n't !, 
  wtf !, 
  steam can suck my dick, 
  did you just refer to luongo as a top goaltender ? 
  my first ipod and my first apple product . 
  oh the hours i had to spend delivering newspapers on a next to nothing wage . 
  yeah that 's why i chose the 360 over ps3 and why i was excited to see the pics about the huge ps4 controller as that was my biggest concern about switching back over to playstation . 
  i do n't know if i like this post . 
  e. just to make it clear i appreciate op showed this useful comparison . 
  just that i do n't like what it 's implying . 
  i do this more when drunk . 
  when i 'm high it numbs the feeling of being too full . 
  i eat a lot more , but it does n't make me feel bad . 
  seems like you do n't have friends, 
  obama, 
  i do n't get it . 
  what does his dad giving her away because her dad had passed away got to do with his uncle being the best man ? 
  i understand these two things happened but i do n't see how they 're related or one is the result of another yet you said `` because '' . 
  yeah but see in your story you get a new console replacing the old one that got broken . 
  in op 's story he lost a controller so he broke a bunch of shit but did n't gain anything himself . 
  that 's the difference . 
  so basically everything they do or say in that mission is a reference to dark souls ? 
  maybe this guy should try having some sex before marriage to ease off . 
  it was a joke . 
  i do n't think he seriously thought the game creators were thinking of him . 
  yeah well you 'll love it here in reddit where this exact thread will make it to the front page every 1 or 2 months and you 'll get to read the very same jokes again . 
  every time . 
  there is no pun or a secret message or anything to `` get '' . 
  it 's an anti-joke . 
  just imagine dislocated shoulders and how they would affect the anatomy of a 4 year old you 're trying to tit-fuck . 
  you would never be interested in traveling ? 
  you clicked yourself into the comment section of a post that mentioned sex . 
  you kinda asked for it . 
  it 's not a `` being cool '' thing .
