  deaths per twh :, 
  solar ( rooftop ) 0.44 ( less than 0.1 % of world energy ), 
  nuclear 0.04 ( 5.9 % of world energy ), 
  this . 
  no reason to go to court , you 'd both lose . 
  get revenge somehow else . 
  so . . why did you let the scumbag come over ? 
  i mean it does n't sound like you were too fond of him to begin with . 
  you wo n't get that much for a dog . 
  the court costs and the trouble are not worth it . 
  fuck you, 
  you know some of us stop wanking when our parents knock on the door . 
  she now thinks you wanted her to watch . 
  castle crashers, 
  geometry wars 2, 
  little late , huh ? 
  i thought my english teacher was retarded when she suggested that back in middle school . 
  language and tongue are the same word in my language and we also have the phrase `` mother tongue '' . 
  but it makes much more sense since it 's `` mother 's language '' as well . 
  shoving religion down peoples throats is a crucial part of `` real '' christianity . 
  it 's called evangelism . 
  install wmware fusion . 
  install windows . 
  run windows 7 in a window inside mac . 
  enjoy games . 
  i 'm playing san andreas on my imac as we speak . 
  and i can save it any time i want , even while on missions . 
  or use wine or boot camp . 
  it 's actually pretty fucking easy to play on a mac . 
  actually mac is technically a pc, 
  so there are people who use the star ratings on itunes . 
  i never thought i 'd meet one . 
  how did you get the smoke ? 
  how the fuck does one `` roll on the table '' ? 
  who cares ? 
  chicken , red peppers , cheddar , another cheese , creme fraiche . 
  one has pineapple salsa , other mango curry sauce . 
  i added some lettuce before eating . 
  inside there is chicken , red peppers , cheddar , another cheese and creme fraiche . 
  one has pineapple salsa , other mango curry sauce . 
  i added some lettuce before eating . 
  just salami , lettuce , cheese and yellow peppers , 
  since when has there been fog like this in minecraft ? 
  what 's a mba ? 
  `` masters of business association '' ? 
  day-one eliminates the purpose of dlc, 
  you need to find a girl who smokes . 
  then have sex with her high . 
  i promise you there will be lots more to come . 
  downvoted because i simply do n't care . 
  changed to an upvote after discovering it was yet another `` rape '' . 
  we need to raise awareness of this bullshit . 
  who knows how many innocent people are in jail for shit like this . 
  is it possible to die from an empty foodbad ? 
  whenever i ignore the foodbar my health just goes down to half a heart but i never died from it . 
  res automatically shows the tweer in a situation like this . 
  i 'm not saying the bot is a waste but you should really get [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://reddit.honestbleeps.com ), 
  oh that makes sense, 
  yeah having lived in rural michigan i can tell there are plenty of people on food stamps all around the state, 
  nah , i think i actually play on easy . 
  1.9 might change that but pre1 .8 the mobs were n't fun or challenging . 
  like creepers spawning in my furbished living room despite having all sorts of traps outside to prevent them from entering . 
  that 's not fun , that 's just fucking annoying . 
  actually i changed it to a more difficult setting as well after the adventure update . 
  exploring is kinda boring on easy i admit . 
  a `` pirate chip '' for 360 does not exist . 
  flashing the drive is too easy for them to be profitable . 
  also it 's pretty unlikely to get banned for pirate games if you are careful and only play stealth patched games . 
  i 'm speaking with the experience of over a hundred 360 games and an unbanned console . 
  me too . 
  i never before imagined how sweet it would be to have two eaths orbiting each other with some sort of interplanetary fast travel systems [ 6 ], 
  regular cheap sandwhich grill, 
  looks like this : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_gfgye7z-ix0/r-1q_rq5vii/aaaaaaaabfs/mh1q7cytemo/s320/29.3+011+ ( small ) . jpg, 
   hundred year old theory with literally thousands of successful experiments confirming the resul, 
  it 's not like we 've had the technology to actually test this shit for that long . 
  directed by someone probably not famous, 
  in this case yes but i use this with all my posts and relatives . 
  fb lists me as their friend so i do n't get a request every other day but they ca n't actually see anything i post ever . 
  where outside the uae do you get jailtime for a joint ? 
  so because it 's rare it makes it ok ? 
  also i do n't think anyone is trying to make this sound normal . 
  not defending ggfdsgfd g but i 'm not a responsible or a mature individual and the definition of `` cultured '' varies from person to person . 
  i can still want cannabis legalized . 
  that 's the joke, 
  i do n't think you can base comparisons of european vs american comics on one comic . 
  i know c&h is great . 
  c&h is the best . 
  it 's better than any european comic , but it 's also better than any american comic . 
  it 's not an accurate portrayal of every american comic ever . 
  british isles crucially differs from british islands . 
  how could that be confusing . 
  it 's r/4chan pussies, 
  also it 's a comment to a porn movie claiming it 's real . 
  what did you expect ? 
  i 've actually seen someone elses `` girlfriend '' or `` dar '' or `` daughter '' submit this before, 
  pool 's closed due to aids, 
  pose for a stock photo that millions of people see, 
  do n't get any money for it, 
  nah , i tried to get my grandma to not use ie for about a year but she just kept using it and kept complaining about `` viruses '' that slow her down ( this was probably ie4 or 5 ) . 
  the only thing that worked was changing the firefox icon to ie .
