  you sure about that ? 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  you 're replying on a comment chain that started with, 
   not illegal , but still shameful, 
   a 16 y/o will follow whatever her teacher tells her, 
  were you ever a 16 year old or a student ? 
  this is definitely not true . 
   the widow was , therefore , mother to her husband 's father, 
  i do n't get this part . 
  or are they calling a mother-in-law a mother ? 
  hilarious joke then, 
  yeah it 'd be great if it was n't ridden with cheaters . 
  that 's because it 's a looping gif, 
  is n't myanmar that country where people drive on the right side of the road with right side driver cars because of some superstition as well ? 
  wikipedia says they still keep importing/selling/buying almost exclusively right sided cars though . 
  i have n't played skyrim and i was able to deduce what this is in 3 seconds because i 'm not a fucking retard . 
   i also do n't know for sure what it means to be `` driving on the right side of the road '', 
  it means, 
   the pedestrian path on the right side and the oncoming/opposite traffic on the left side of you, 
  if you consider zero to be a good chance then maybe, 
  i thought it was the guy from birdemic, 
  every public sauna ? 
   the sound proofing on bmws is so good that they put engine noise through the stereo to help people know when to shift . 
  i believe you 're referring to the m5 and everybody hated that idea . 
  as they should . 
  smelly african americans, 
  [ monstersofcock ] 2014-09-16 remy lacroix - petite brunette pummeled by giant black cock [ mp4 ] [ 1920x1080 ], 
  if you do n't have empo then all i can say is : why do n't you have empo ? 
  i think the multiple men having sex with her was more of the focus of the argument than the skin colour . 
  why is it that you saw a sentence of 17 words and automatically assumed ** black ** was the most important one ? 
  yeah same thing though i was sad to see it referenced as `` dark souls games '' and not `` dark souls '' . 
  dks is a masterpiece . 
  the rest are good games . 
  if you 're experiencing stress from ladder points you have bigger problems than a ranking system, 
  i hate reading like that where you have to hold the book up, 
  you people are gullible as fuck http://i.imgur.com/ifmjkr5.png, 
   i have the side panel off, 
  i do n't think that 's a smart thing to do, 
  yeah i already fell in love with the r5 when i was assembling this computer and everything was so convenient and simple and they clearly put a lot of effort into details , this was just one more reason . 
  i definitely recommend it . 
  it is pretty big but i 've seen bigger and honestly i think the big size is one of the things that allows it to be so user-friendly . 
  it 's not designed around trying to make everything fit into a small space but to be enjoyable to use . 
  if you have lower temps with the side off then your ventilation definitely is n't up to par . 
  the reason having the side off is a bad idea is n't just the dust but that all the fans just suck and blow the air right next to them in an unorganized manner which cuts down a lot on their effectiveness . 
  you should have a clear `` flow '' of air throughout the case from front to back or top to bottom or however you wish . 
  with the side off there is no flow and you hardly benefit from the case fans at all . 
  the cpu/gpu coolers are doing all of the work and suffer from not having colder air sucked into them by the case fans . 
  it 's not `` my theory '' , it 's common knowledge . 
  a lot of cases come with side slots for fans , though if they 're not used they should be covered ( as they are in my r5 ) . 
  even if left open you can still achieve a `` flow '' with holes on the side though you should definitely put a filter on those holes , it 's still a lot better than not having a side at all . 
   i honestly dont see the big deal having his side panel off, 
  your ventilation works worse and you 'll temps will rise as long you have any sort of proper case fans . 
  whether that 's a `` big deal '' is up to you but it 's a pretty stupid thing to do regardless . 
  there are no upsides . 
  for 10 years you 've been `` waiting to get a completely new pc '' ? 
  i 'd think it would 've been easier to just pay $ 10 for some discount case fans . 
   what is the best way to go about washing them ? 
  i 'd be worried for water damage or something, 
  oh , i do n't know . 
  they did n't look fragile or anything to me , just a fine metal mesh mounted on plastic . 
  i ran some water through it and dried it off with a paper towel . 
  4000 ping would n't explain that, 
  i was n't telling you to buy a case , i said you should invest on some fans if you truly get lower temps with the side off . 
  the default , one front one back . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to say the forums have 800k users just because 800k backers automatically have an account to the forums . 
  yeah and i really liked how easy it was to get rid of those extra racks since i do n't have an optical drive or hdds, 
  and if i ever do need to get 10 hdds i have to room for it with just a few screws . 
  i just built a pc this january for the first time ( though i had previously switched almost every single part possible so i had * some * experience ) and on my gigabyte motherboard they we 're clearly labeled fan1 fan2 and fan3 . 
  also the manual pointed out all the spots for fans and all the other stuff to plug into . 
  how do you make these ? 
  eh . . the official [ site ] ( https://robertsspaceindustries.com/ship-specs ) says freelancer max has cargo capacity of 280 and not 70 like op 's post says . 
  hull a is listed as 75 so it should be the same units . 
  where are you getting these numbers ? 
  they do n't match the ones on https://robertsspaceindustries.com/ship-specs, 
  yeah i ca n't hear my computer on regular desktop usage ( even with multiple video streams etc. 
  open ) . 
  only if i play a really intensive game can i actually hear the thing is even on . 
  i actually thought about this as well when i bought the case ( or if i should leave the door open ) but turns out there are these big holes on both sides in the `` compartment '' between the filter and the door . 
  visible [ here ] ( http://www.fractal-design.com/media/ba403609-7bf6-4dfc-b96c-7059e3549e58 ) on the right . 
  it can be hard to understand from the pic so i drew this ( imagine you 're looking at it from the top ) http://i.imgur.com/fpn8lqk.jpg, 
  honestly i have n't noticed a difference having the door closed or open so i just keep it closed . 
  but if you look at that sheet it says the hull a 's capacity is 75 so clearly those are the same units used for the rest of the ships in the sheet . 
  if not then that 's a really badly designed sheet . 
  by the way , if i were to add more fans what would be the best choice ? 
  the problem is my motherboard only has 3 fan slots so really i can only add 1 more so that should be blowing in to keep positive pressure , right ? 
  i 'd really want to get more than 1 fan blowing out so is there an easy way to get multiple fans plugged into the same thing , they do n't need to be individually controlled . 
  i do n't want to use the manual fan hub thing that came with the case because that requires manual fan speed control and i really do n't want that . 
   or he tried to run, 
  this seems like an odd thing to say if you 're defending his decision to shoot . 
  i 'm not arguing either way on the video but since when is `` he tried to run '' an acceptable reason to shoot ? 
   cops are trained to keep shooting until they ca n't shoot anymore . 
  american cops *, 
  this is n't america bashing . 
  i 'm not saying if it 's right or wrong , i 'm saying when i read my local ( non-us ) news about cops having had to use a weapon it usually always mentions that either 1 or 2 rounds total were fired . 
  emptying your clip is not standard procedure for cops across the globe . 
  i 've been planning to but i 'm not sure where i would add them or how i would wire/control them . 
  i 'm not struggling with any temperature issues though so it 's more of a need to mess with things than an actual problem i 'm trying to fix . 
  thanks . 
  if i were to only add 1 more intake fan without adding anything to blow the air out would that really have an effect on the ventilation ? 
  the case does have ( filtered ) holes on the bottom that would allow for `` passive '' air flow .
