  luckily they picked adds that go with the color scheme at least . 
  for me supporting my team is more important than `` not being a walking billboard '' but still , it 's bullshit . 
  growing up mighty ducks was the shit . 
  but yes , selanne and koivu ( and hagman ! ), 
  are big reasons . 
  i like the entire team though . 
  being european at least i myself am more interested in following individual players than having one franchise i love and dispising others . 
  i appreciate talent and good teamwork where ever i see it . 
  of course it 's not all individuals , having a well-rounded package as a team is very important in hockey but when talking about teams it 's often more `` the 11-12 kings is an interesting team '' `` not as good as the 10-11 bruins '' etc. 
  instead of picking one favourite and sticking with it . 
  for example i also love the red wings and i 'm always glad to see a finnish player score no matter what the team . 
  we only had to use cursive in 1st & 2nd grade . 
  in 3rd grade we got a young teacher and we we 're his first class . 
  he was an idealist hippie and a really crappy teacher but at least he was smart enough to to force us to use cursive . 
  besides everyone in europe absolutely loves pizza hut . 
  it 's not fancy pizza but god damnit it 's the best pan pizza there is . 
  it 's a completely different dish than some thin crust pizza with just tomatoes and air-dried ham . 
  i bet they were . 
  when i was an exchange student in michigan i was so excited when i got to go to real nhl games . 
  and especially detroit games , it was great . 
  e. you spelled minna right, 
  it 's an absolutely delicious pizza . 
  the important part is that it tastes amazing , not whether or not it resembles something traditional . 
   gameplay is basically the same as fifa, 
  it is the exact same down to a single bit . 
  only things changed are some visual aspects like jerseys and stadiums . 
  and the new game mode . 
  op means original poster in most online discussions but the other as common ( if not more common ) use for op is `` overpowered '' as in not in balance with others . 
  used in video game context ( that gun is op ) . 
  just pointing out to avoid future confusion . 
  pizza hut pizzas are like 34 $ over here . 
  the buffet is 9 $ though . 
  best thing in the world . 
  in finland the buffet has 3 kinds of pizza pepperoni , hawaiian , vegetarian every day + an added 4th one that changes daily . 
  you can eat as many slices as you can . 
  there 's also pasta and salad and garlic bread . 
  it 's really great . 
  i also checked the regular pizza prices . 
  of course there 's a small difference between different toppings but small : 12,50 e medium : 22e large : 35e, 
  there used to be more of them but now there are only 3 in helsinki . 
  growing up there was one right next to where i lived and slices were 10mk . 
  it was great . 
  they bumped it up to 24mk in ~ 98 though and i do n't think i ever went there again ( without parents at least ) . 
  a lot of polls do n't show you the results before voting, 
  probably the first ever posts on reddit using hashtags that were n't downvoted to oblivion . 
  fabric like pantyhose or something works better than paper towels . 
  it 's not made by reddit . 
  but still yeah it 's a bot and it 's always the same . 
  there are no `` people who do this '' . 
  i do n't really like star wars in any form but i do n't think a revisited and altered version made for a re-release 30 or so years later is more `` actual official '' than the one originally shown in the movie theaters . 
  that 's a sweet looking bubbler . 
  but those pics are really , really bad . 
  and you should n't complain about not making it to the front page . 
  i own two macs and have played every cod since the first one . 
  give it to me !, 
  e. ok ok i 'm sorry my mac runs windows 7 in a virtual machine and i 've also played every battlefield !, 
  we 're cool , reddit , right ? 
  people really needing it can just ctrl + f either way . 
  personally i just ignore them . 
  well no one else is, 
  i do n't see the difference it makes whether it 's 20 or 30 . 
  also i do n't really care which version i see , but i would never call the new version more official than the original one . 
  no matter what the movie really . 
  lion king 3d is not more official than the '94 version . 
  [ this one ] ( http://nappa.kuvat.fi/raivo.gif ) is pretty bad also . 
  yeah it 's nsfw . 
  because what he typed was stupid . 
  does n't matter if we hate the same people . 
  so aside from all these universe jokes , is that actually homemade sausage or not ? 
  upvoted nevertheless but i 'd like to know how to make homemade pepperoni that looks this nice, 
  i 've been to hundreds of movies . 
  mostly in my home country of finland but also in spain , u.s ( dozens of times ) , sweden ... 
  i 've never seen this happen . 
  i do n't get it, 
  haha i 'm glad i learnt that the first day i joined reddit . 
  sure it feels nice to get tons of karma but to not post something in fear of downvotes ? 
  african american person please, 
  i do n't know what you mean by sexually fit so i do n't know if i 'm just wording your statement differently or adding to it but i 'd say it 's safe to assume people who have tons of sex are on average in better shape than people who have no sex or very little sex . 
  well seeing at it was complete garbage yes it could 've . 
  but yeah i too invested to see it in a theater because it sounded cool . 
  worst $ 10 spent ever . 
  i love sport science . 
  but [ how high ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vqhde.png ) was that guy ? 
  on what i 'm not even gon na speculate, 
  thanks for the dough recipe though, 
  or we should just stop giving these fuckers attention like this very post because that 's the only thing they want . 
  god damnit / r/mensrights . 
  it 's like every fucking week you fall in the same trap . 
  and / r/mensrights should stop giving attention to these trolls because posts like this one are exactly what they want , yet they are always upvoted to the front page of mr. 
  when will people learn that as long as they keep getting a response like this they will continue posting this troll flaming shite ? 
  everyone knows they are trolls , we do n't need to `` defend our honor '' or some bullshit , let 's just stick to actual mens rights issues and not reddit drama . 
  dishwasher ( machine ) liquid and boiling water . 
  the hand washing whatever does n't work nearly as well . 
  you only need a little drop , pour some boiling water over it and let it sit for a minute or so . 
  then scrub it with a [ bottle brush ] ( http://images.containerstore.com/catalogimages/83825/softtipbottlebrushes_l.jpg ) . 
  you might want to get different sizes for different parts of the bong , they 're like 30 cents each so who cares . 
  i 've always used boiling water with no problems . 
  i 've usually run some hot ( but not boiling ) water through the thing first to avoid problems with quick changes in temperature . 
  in my experience 99 % of bongs break when you let others ( friends of friends etc ) use them . 
  i 've never seen bongs break while cleaning but plenty of downstems and bowls though .
