  if i could disable the viewmodel alltogether i 'd do it . 
  no it was n't and i played a lot of black ops . 
  both are shit compared to 2 or uo though, 
  they were and probably still are most technically solid generic ww2 shit ever made, 
  there 's nothing high brow about your jokes being shit . 
  how autistic are you people not to spot an obvious joke ? 
  no it is n't but an unfunny joke is still different from pretending something happened . 
  i do n't know which ones you 've been visiting but in my experience these annoying kids make up less than 10 % of the people on rp servers and usually hang out around spawns . 
  fps dropping around smoke/explosions is n't really a bug . 
  it 's just how video games work . 
  if the trailer is any indication it will be . 
  i have the same cpu , a 970 gtx ( who the fuck buys amd in the year 2016 lmao ) and same amount of ram and my loading screens take ~ 15 seconds and the game runs fine 60 fps at `` very high '' or whatever the second highest is called . 
  there is more than 1 person in the world who knows how to sing the us national anthem . 
  probably the same way one does gymnastics or dancing competitively, 
  pink is just a shade of red, 
  / r/hockey is the one you should go to for stuff like that . 
  / r/nhl is for the memes and shitposts that are n't allowed on / r/hockey, 
  nah back when the bubbling fad blew up on the internet the common backstory for it was `` mormon teenagers ca n't look at nude pics so they invented this workaround '' . 
  i do n't know if it was true but that 's what everbody kept saying . 
  nothing sounds fun about stupid rules like that, 
  well it 's not like there 's a big probability of him not scoring another la liga goal in his career . 
  rofl this is what equivalent to what an average gold league starcraft player does every single game, 
  it 's the decision and knowledge to do this on the spot that is impressive , not the micro, 
  yeah but masters is not that hard to reach . 
  everyone on my friends list was masters and none of them were tryhards and only few had thousands of hours . 
  gm is when this talk about infinite skill cap becomes relevant . 
  you know it is n't a skillshot , right ? 
  and that you can just tab to switch between the two ? 
  the disassemble is much more impressive than the `` control '' . 
  the comment you were replying to was explicitly talking about micro . 
  but i 'm guessing you do n't even know what that means so i 'm glad you 're sharing your valuable wisdom and insight about starcraft 2 with us all . 
  you can tell someone is new by the fact that they even acknowledge the profile `` levels '' . 
  no offense intended that 's just how it is . 
  planetside 2 is an `` older game '' ? 
  no i do n't remember . 
  you sound like the witness being interviewed in one of my english police dramas, 
  yeah no matter how much padding you put on that i 'd be afraid of a concussion . 
  best porn video search is a private porn tracker . 
  bing is to porn searches what public parks are to gyms . 
  `` majority of shows '' meaning nothing except sitcoms and cartoons ? 
  yeah but what 's really the difference between `` colored '' and `` person of color '' ? 
  yeah but would it be pc to say `` person of retardation '' instead of retard ? 
  people do n't call them anything because they pay no attention . 
  if you wan na use a number to group up people it 's mmr . 
  i 'm guessing a lot of posts without the `` personal info '' aka . 
  names blurred out . 
  that 's not a subreddit rule it 's a reddit rule . 
  but it 's just a word for word quote of the picture ? 
  no one outside of russia recognized them . 
  depends what you mean . 
  have the loading times improved on console ? 
  a little bit i 've heard but do n't get your hopes too high . 
  does it still struggle with 8gb of ram or less ? 
  probably . 
  does the game run any better with amd gpus ? 
  yes . 
  if you have a pc with an nvidia card and 12 + gigs of ram there never was anything `` rocky '' about it . 
  i meant the performance with amd gpus which had noticable issues has improved since launch . 
  it still runs better with nvidia of course . 
  i have an identical computer without the ti and could max it out and not dip below 60 at 1980x1200 . 
  i would make sure you have your drivers and stuff figured out and no unnecessary shitware bloating your computer . 
  same thing . 
  not a single crash either and loading times after death are 3-4 seconds . 
  yeah like the op, 
  beta in the year 2016 does not mean what beta used to mean . 
  beta in 2016 is the release version with restricted content and maybe some minor ui polish lacking . 
  what it really means is a demo but i guess beta sounds cooler . 
  yeah but do you have any idea how much processing power that would take ? 
  it does . 
  and i still think the anti-aliasing for the new item icons look like shit too . 
  the expanded images are fine unlike this but the ones in the shop really stand out . 
  i 'm susprised ( not really ) valve would n't check something as simple as jagged edges when they introduce new icons into the game . 
  i 'm pretty sure those fire pics are from a much older set of images from 4chan , not the reddit guy . 
  the whole cumbox meme existed for years before it hit reddit . 
  all professional photographers touch up their photos and alter the lighting and colours etc before publishing photos . 
  it would be a pain in the ass to do for all the pics taken and no photographer wants their name associated with something that does n't look good . 
  before he got his chance in the nhl he 's always doubled as a bit of an enforcer . 
  i love him as a player and i do know he 's evolved his play style but really i 'm not at all surprised to see him suspended eventually , his style has always been toeing that line . 
  right call . 
  back when she was using the name crazysysy she used to regularly masturbate on public shows and was naked most of the broadcast . 
  even then the amounts she got donated were absurd , like 10k eur a show and she lived in romania or some cheap country like that . 
  pretty quickly she just started turning on her cam for a few hours at weekends while getting getting tipsy with clothes on before leaving to the club or something . 
  she 'd still get thousands just sitting there chatting . 
  that was 4 years ago though but i 'm surprised if it 's changed much . 
  i used to watch her `` show '' pretty regularly back in 2012 and she got thousands of euros every single time in the span of a few hours and she lived in some cheap eastern european country . 
  they do n't but she is/was absurdly hot . 
  artour is playing in full tilt for 90 % of the games he streams, 
  that does n't count as an abandon, 
  that 's a retarded excuse . 
  first off an rpg does n't mean enemies must be bullet sponges , plenty of classic rpg 's like baldur 's gate etc. 
  had enemies which die to one or two shots . 
  secondly nobody forced massive to make a game that 's set in the real world with real world weaponry and real world enemies but must be a bulletspongy rpg . 
  the setting inherently clashes with the mechanics and that 's bad game design , not a reason to hide behind . 
  a black man acting ( literally ) like a guerrilla . 
  i 'm sure this internet comment section is going to be just fine . 
  because it 's a good song . 
  there are tons of songs with no lyrics at all , what does it matter if you can hardly understand the lyrics in this one ? 
  then maybe she should n't make kissing bets with random assholes, 
  that does n't mean it was n't easily avoidable just by not doing the bet in the first place . 
  it 's illegal to place poisonous bits of food for dog to eat .
