  e. yup this is definitely it, 
  95 % of this sub is people with mental illnesses . 
  how ? 
  it 's true . 
  except they now have your license plates and will just radio everyone else your last known location . 
  then you wait for the guy whose favourite item in life was a package of aa batteries, 
   the exploration and weapon customization were my reasons to buy the game , but still ( for me ) it 's not worth it . 
  the absolutely worst part about this game is the level scaling . 
  it 's so blatant and there are n't even tiers or any compensation . 
  say you 've played 15 hours and have some electrified razorblade sledgehammer . 
  you go back to the beach the game started at and try to hit the zombies . 
  they take exactly the same amount of hits from this awesome super weapon you have as they originally did from the paddle you hit them with on level 1 . 
  it makes all sense of progress non-existant and basically leveling up feels like all your gear just lost some power . 
  according to every source i 've read on her she 's had the lowest row of ribs removed . 
  no we do n't . 
   given the initial stance on dlc way back in dark souls, 
  the stance that they released dlc for dark souls ? 
  i literally remembered this from like 10 years ago . 
   when you are given the option to kill someone or let them live in a game , the best option is almost always to let them live . 
  we see it in bioshock , metal gear, 
  that 's just not true . 
  granted i have n't played mgs since mgs2 but i 'm fairly certain knocked out enemies still wake up . 
  killing them is permanent . 
  there 's certainly an argument for why it 's better and easier to kill them than to stun them . 
  yeah this was my first thought . 
  what happens when it inevitably hits a rock/rough landing ? 
  that 's bound to be expensive . 
  well you could argue the dlc of dark souls is more equivelant to expansions that have been widely accepted ( and liked ) part of gaming for decades . 
  i know . 
  i was n't trying to put words into your mouth . 
  it was really my personal opinion that the dks dlc was closer to an expansion than to this modern trend of 1.99 here 1.99 there dlc which can be as simple as one item . 
  it added an entire new area with tons of new bosses and weapons and spells . 
  and most importantly it was all one package . 
  there is n't one . 
  this is one of those holy grails from a time when stream sites did n't exist and people jerked off to jpegs . 
  there are a few more pics though . 
  yeah all of us . 
  definitely am i right guys yeah you know what i 'm saying all those sexual partners i made out with . 
  of course but the rank is there to reward you for choosing the more difficult option . 
  the whole existence of the rank should prove to point out stealth is the more difficult choice . 
  why would they give you a higher grade if it was n't more difficult ? 
  but inventory space is unlimited in reborn . 
  i do n't have any of these nor do i specifically care about greevil eggs but the amount of people defending their removal on this sub is absurd . 
  if asked for a reason why they 're deleted `` they 're lame nobody likes them lol '' hardly is a good one . 
  i fully understand why their distribution was stopped originally but what 's the point of expiring them ? 
  what is there to be gained by doing this ? 
   for every 1 person that has one and gives a damn about it there 's 100 on abandoned accounts or people who just do n't care about it . 
  but how are those 100 abandoned accounts hurting anyone ? 
  you 're saying this like every one of those greevil eggs takes up valuable storage space somewhere at valve headquarters . 
  these pics are a lot older than twitter, 
  that 's a terrible excuse . 
  you do realize all the properties of greevil eggs are n't stored individually for each person that has one ? 
  it 's probably equivelant to one line of code . 
  storing something like chat messages in replays alone takes more space than greevil eggs . 
  and it 's not like valve is buying server space from anyone , they have their own facilities around the globe where they store shit . 
  but already activated greevils are still fully functional in reborn . 
  it 's literally just the unactivated ones sitting in inventories . 
  the activated ones will display correctly both in game and in the inventory . 
  if there was a clear benefit why would n't they just come out and say it instead of being mysterious ? 
  this just smells like `` controlling the market '' . 
  well you can google the name of the surgery and find one near you so it is n't like it 's some rare secretive operation, 
  that 's why i do n't get it, 
  but why be so secretive about it ? 
  the already activated still work so it 's not like they did n't want to port the things over to source 2 . 
  it does n't look weird . 
  it looks like shit . 
  agreed . 
  i do n't understand why everyone is just focusing on m4a1 vs m4a4 . 
  they should be focusing on m4a1 vs ak . 
  yeah the m4a4 is n't as bad of an option any more but at the price of making ct overall worse . 
  t 's already had the weapon advantage . 
  gfycat is used to convert gifs into webm . 
  though they do also host the original which sometimes gets ( mistakenly ) posted . 
  this one is a webm though . 
  i downvoted you for asking not to get downvoted . 
  i do n't like futa either . 
  technically gifv is a video, 
  really ? 
  i thought the first selfie was kinda spooky and the second one too but the ending was just `` that 's really it ? 
  lame '', 
   there 's nothing wrong with this game, 
  as someone who 's been a fan of the franchise for 20 years this was the point where i knew you were blatantly lying . 
  every ea sports nhl game has had tons of things wrong with them even if they overall were good iterations, 
  there are 15.000 murders per year in the us . 
  are you going to complain for each one the president does n't acknowledge in the press ? 
  i recommend you do n't try it again . 
  it 's almost as if he should 've given a smaller compressed version as a preview and give the large one only to people who know the content and want to download it . 
  took me 12 seconds on 100mbps . 
  use right click -  save as ... and do n't even try to open the link regularly . 
  i deleted mine after 5 years of use because i never went there anymore anyway and did n't want all this info on me available when i got nothing out of it . 
  have n't regretted it at all . 
  but like i said i was bored of the content for a long time before that to the point where i only checked it once every week or two for notifications . 
   why not just stop going, 
  why do you want all this information and pictures and recorded history on yourself available online if you 're not using the site ? 
  only way to do that is post at a time . 
  you think it 's more convenient to remove every post individually which would take all day than click delete which is like a 30 second process ? 
  you really care about birthday wishes that much ? 
  yes it is . 
  it 's not exclusively a europe thing but pound \u00eds the only currency in europe afaik where the symbol goes in front of the number . 
  euro for example is after the number .
