  it was a later design decision by him to simplify the game because that 's what he felt the audience wanted . 
  they were n't forced to simplify it because of lack of resources or publisher pressure . 
  ea was still printing money with the sims and knew even if spore was n't a success they 'd keep making money with future sims so they game him practically unrestricted artistic freedom . 
  [ mygirlfriendsbustyfriend ] peta jensen 26.05.2016 1080p, 
   a whole new os for $ 0 ? 
  yes please . 
  yeah because microsoft and os 's in general have a track record of `` newer is better '' , right ? 
  sounds like a crappy monitor . 
  i too have the problem of having to memorize the button to get into bios because the screen is faster than the monitor reacts to a signal but it 's like 1 second compared to 2 seconds . 
   yes , they do, 
   except these examples that cover about half the operating systems microsoft has ever released, 
  nice logic, 
  `` source '' for centuries of complicated relationship across an entire continent ? 
  read a book . 
  these are n't claims you can just `` source '' by having one link that says `` oh yeah that happened exactly like this '' . 
   much of the infrastructure constructed in colonial africa and india prior to decolonization were done so for the sole purpose of exploitation . 
  yes , but that does n't mean it disappeared into thin air after decolonization . 
  it 's still better than nothing . 
   after decolonization , a considerable amount of rail simply became impractical due to political instability , change in the volume of goods transported , a lack of resources for maintenance, 
  political instability caused by locals . 
  lack of resources due to infighting and wasting their potential for international trade . 
  you ca n't just say `` it 's not useful because it did n't magically give them wealth '' . 
  they did n't find a way to make it useful because like said in the picture they made a bad situation worse . 
  they were too busy fighting each other to take advantage of the infrastructure left behind by europeans and that 's on them , not europeans . 
  no one is saying colonization did n't happen to exploit these countries . 
  of course it did , why else would european nations want to build infrastructure in a foreign country if they did n't profit from it ? 
  that does n't mean they get a free pass from everything that has happened since . 
  nearly all the problems in africa today are caused by africans . 
  you 're not allowed to say that because only white people can accept blame for their actions . 
  africans are simultaneously beautiful snowflakes equal to us in every way yet not responsible for their own actions like adults . 
  you have to treat them like children while giving them the respect a grown man deserves . 
  it 's the pc way . 
  [ no it 's perfectly harmless . 
  yeah no he is n't . 
  2 of the last 4 before win10, 
  you do realize i did n't say `` newer is always worse '' , right ? 
  2 of their 4 last releases being total shit is not exactly a promising trend . 
   which doesnt included the latest version . 
  discussion was about upgrading to win10 the first day of its release so why would i include win10 in it ? 
  even if we do it 's still 2 our of 5 which is n't any better . 
  it 's not a 1:1 remake but as someone who enjoyed mgs2 a lot more than mgs1 i have to say i prefer tts . 
  i 'm sure the complaints that the game was n't designed around the mechanics of mgs2 are valid but i never felt like it ruined the game . 
  i enjoyed playing it a lot more that way . 
  i would say some people who were gigantic fans of the original might be disappointed how it 's not exactly the same but for others it 's a fun game . 
  you do n't need to go to new londo . 
  ps3 + ds is probably not much more expensive than a single brand new ps4 game at this point . 
  they released a ps4 remaster ? 
  so you can get multiple games before someone reports it and it 's processed . 
  you could just return the `` game '' the same day or day after getting it and work your way through multiple games quickly . 
   you need to increase your income, 
  wow thanks for the tip i never thought of that, 
  i can tell you 're american because you think it 's normal for people to work more than 1 job . 
  it 's useful because it lets you know which people not to associate with . 
  it 's the 21st century equivalent of a lower back tattoo . 
  he looks good bald so i do n't know what exactly is cruel about it, 
  and by `` working hard '' you mean dedicating your entire life to work just to get by ? 
  yeah i do think i 'm above that . 
  i know , but you can get there without the key or going through new londo or the depths . 
  you know that 's not true , right ? 
  black people in the us commit way more crime , it 's not just a conspiracy and skewed statistics . 
  it 's not better anywhere else . 
  i saw you praise northern european governments . 
  i 'm from a northern european or nordic country . 
  the stereotype ( and fact ) that government workers are inefficient and lousy at their jobs and the public infrastructure burdened by unnecessary bureaucracy is just as strong if not even stronger here . 
  do i prefer the full 60 minutes scene in 1080p or the 6 minute advertisement cut up for stream sites in some low bitrate '' '' `` high definition '' '' '' ? 
   the only people who believe that our governments are inefficient is the far-right xenophobic tinfoil people, 
  more like `` every single person except green-leftist 18-24 year old women studying social sciences '' . 
  admitting the government is inefficient and full of unnecessary bureucracy is not the same as thinking the entire idea of a welfare state is doomed for failure . 
  goverment workers being lazy is a stereotype older than us or even our parents ' generation . 
   when some people talk about minimizing `` unnecessary bureaucracy '' , they 're more often than not in favor of reducing state responsibility of providing a multitude of services to the people, 
  i 'm not norwegian but here reducing the amount of unnecessary bureaucracy in the bloated and inefficient public sector was in the campaign platform of every party last election excluding some fringe parties like the communist party . 
  it 's definitely not some `` right-wing extremists '' idea but the general consensus across the political spectrum and if our media and independent studies are to be trusted the problem is just as big across all nordic countries . 
   you did n't really answered the only question i asked you . 
  because there is no way to quickly sum it up in a reddit post as each government entity is unique . 
  it 's the fundamental flaw that results from having a government monopoly with no competition . 
  when the tax money keeps coming in there is no reason to be efficient . 
  there is no one to compete with for market share or owners asking for better profit margins . 
  while companies cutting costs to improve their finances is often vilified in media there 's a reason they do it and it 's a part of good business practices . 
  these good business practices are often forgotten when there is near to no outside pressure to be more efficient . 
   the whole bureaucracy debate is put too much focus on compared to the reality and importance of the problem, 
  that 's easy to say when you have endless oil deposits funding the inefficient practices . 
  this tbh . 
  everything about the concept of bouncing a ball with a car reminds me of all the quests i 've hated doing the most in previous video games . 
  i just ca n't enjoy the fidgety nature of these physics reliant ( mini ) games . 
  it can be a well made game and i do n't have a problem with anyone else enjoying it . 
  it 's just not for me . 
  this also explains the uk, 
  in madden or fifa or nhl you have precise control over your player . 
  you can aim where you want to throw/pass/shoot and the ball goes there . 
  you do n't steer the player 's arm and try to hit the ball in the right angle to get it to where you want it to go . 
  that 's why it 's entirely different . 
  also do n't get triggered when somebody does n't like something you do roflollers . 
  and i still need to play the enhanced version or whatever it 's called first . 
  i kinda want one now, 
   rocket league feels much more like actually playing a sport than fifa or madden or nhl ever will . 
  those games are so far removed from the actual way it feels play to participate in a sport . 
  if i want to feel what it is like to participate in a sport i go play a sport . 
  when i want to play a video game i want precision , not physics gimmicks . 
   with feet/legs instead of arms isnt that exactly how fifa is played, 
  you aim with the left stick and that is the direction the pass/shot goes .
