  i personally would rather not pay them money to possibly be a part of that . 
  at least while playing skyrim on browsing reddit you do n't spend 25 % of the time watching advertisements shouted at your face . 
  til you can send picture messages on the 360, 
  they very well may have that option , but like i said they do n't need to get 100 % of what every customer says for it to be profitable . 
  even if the small portion of tinfoil hats were able to disable it 90 % of the customer base would be a whole lot more than 0 % and with minimal expenses as the software is literally already there . 
  but you are right , we 'd have to see what is uploaded to be absolutely certain . 
  when does n't really tell much as it 's entirely possible to send the data in chunks every time the xbone is turned on manually by the user or just once a week or something , it does n't have to be a constant stream of information . 
  if wii u is `` right '' i 'm glad to be in the wrong . 
  dae pc master race, 
  this has absolutely nothing to do with platforms . 
  it has to do with games and their player bases . 
  arma and red orchestra are mainly played by an older crowd that are interested in a more realistic game with a steep learning curve instead of just having a bit of relaxed fun in the newest big name shooter game . 
  there are plenty of console games with great communities and teamwork in multiplayer , just as there are tons of pc games with shit communities . 
  c. ) play the game rarely enough to not care about getting too invested in it, 
  are you playing with 4 friends or 4 random people off the internet ? 
  it 's not `` another ad '' . 
  i do n't watch tv . 
  i do n't listen to commercial radio . 
  i use adblocker on every site . 
  for me watching a 30 second ad would be an infinite % increase in the amount of ads i watch . 
  so yes it does matter , especially if that 30 seconds happens after regular intervals . 
  besides i would n't want to pay for a system and thus showing microsoft it 'd be ok to show us 30 second ads while playing on a console . 
  i 've never had to watch ads before while playing . 
  to be honest i 'm shocked someone would be ok with it . 
  wikipedia still lists wp8 launch as tba and the marketplace does say publisher : nokia corporation so it could be possible nokia is sponsoring this as a publicity stunt that just has n't been rolled out outside india , it 's not available for non-nokia wp8 phones . 
  maybe they 'll release a paid non-nokia version later on ? 
  it is a little weird how the two economic powerhouses , uk and germany , are also responsible for the worst internet connections in europe . 
  france is a pretty tough competitor though . 
  mofos - latinasextapes - megan salinas - bikini body boobs, 
  holy shit this thing chews through battery . 
  i played the campaign for about 20 minutes , probably less than that and went from 83 % to 14 %, 
  so it 's not playable when i 'm outside and i definitely would n't want to play it while i 'm home . 
  thanks for the heads up op but i 'm gon na have to say this is n't worth the download even for free . 
  yeah we 've had the 1mbps broadband as a civil right for a few years now in finland . 
  i think it was 2010 or 2009 they made that into law . 
  i did n't say they 'd put an ad before i play a game . 
  you 're the one who started talking about ads in a video game console . 
  why you so mad son ? 
  and yes , my time is too valuable to spend it watching ads . 
  you sure do sound mad http://gifwall.net/gif/gw-lol32838239239.gif, 
  the only problem are really the later games where they tried to push the graphics too far with the cost of fps . 
  that hurts playability , graphics do n't really matter in older games as long as they do n't negatively impact gameplay . 
  like those early 3d games that are almost unplayable because often times the rooms and areas feel like they 're changing shapes and everything 's disorienting . 
  mkp does n't say a word while streaming though , which was the point, 
  two monitors , 
  yeah but that was day 2 or 3 after his return and also while the na server was down he changed the title to `` trolling the eu servers '' and did all kinds of stupid shit like planetary rushes etc. 
  that 's why he lost to platinum or gold ( ? ), 
  ( i did n't see a gold though but might as well be true ) players from time to time . 
  well good for you but regardless buying any product before you basically know anything about it is fanboying . 
  be it a console or a phone or a dishwasher . 
  like what ? 
  some subtle details about xbl services maybe . 
  well techically the resolution is n't the same , but picture quality gets raped with those glasses anyhow so i do n't know if it matters . 
  nobody wants to play starcraft on a console . 
  there are different types of games and different setups suit different games . 
  it 's the traditional `` upvote , oh this was posted on r/wtf , downvote '' . 
  but chrono is +50 % ? 
  i just checked this like 2 days ago when i started off-racing protoss so i 'm not even pulling it ouf of my ass . 
  this is really interesting to me since a few months ago i just started watching seinfeld for the first time in an organized fashion . 
  i had seen tons of episodes here and there but never every episode in order . 
  i watched the first seasons approximately 10 episodes or more a day . 
  season 5 is where my speed halted and i started watching maybe one episode a week . 
  i never thought there was any more reason than just getting bored of it but this graph gives some insight into why . 
  this is some pro shit . 
  though as someone living in my own apartment ( and not eating in my bedroom ) i advice the total opposite . 
  it 's awesome to go to bed in a room that smells totally fresh after sitting a few hours in a room that smells like food . 
  you do n't even notice the smell cause it is n't bad or anything and you 're used to it but you notice the difference when you go to your fresh bedroom . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  the resolution still is n't the same when you take 50 % of the screen and stretch it to 100 %, 
  yeah but diablo is a game you could easily play with a gamepad, 
  lol take 's statement sounds like he got wasted and pissed on the server rack or something . 
  if it 's just being shy then it makes take seem like a dick ( like he did n't already ) . 
  best place for sex advice = having sex, 
  it 's not like you need to know anything more than `` put penis in vagoo '' the first time you go at it . 
  well this explanation makes a lot more sense, 
  this is the fakest shit ever on this subreddit , and that 's an accomplishment, 
  from what i understood the show still did n't start , the waiting people just got to watch nhl while waiting . 
  i 've rebinded pretty much everything . 
  hotkeys are 12345rtgvb, 
  g = factory, 
  t = starport, 
  rest are for units . 
  1 scout , 2 main army , 3 drops , 4 tanks , 5 and r can be whatever the situation needs ( ghosts , another drop etc. ), 
  it 's not really a thought-out plan . 
  it 's the [ darkgrid ] ( http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=257590 ) that 's been heavily customized . 
  but it works well for me . 
  i use f1-f9 for camera hotkeys ( only really use 1-5 ) . 
  f and d, 
  i do n't think this means when the ai is playing in the same team as a player . 
  it 's probably referring to how the ai almost `` cheats '' on the hardest difficulties if you play against cpu . 
  lol mfw my mac that 's struggling to run any game at all cost more than your pc, 
  well at least i get to use os x, 
  where did bayonetta get 10/10 reviews ? 
  that game was garbage . 
  red bull sponsors all kinds of extreme sports too . 
  i love pretty much everything they 're affiliated with . 
  too bad there are much better energy drinks out there :(, 
  it 's amazing how you can practice starcraft for hours every day and still be in gold, 
  that 's just as stupid, 
  if economic and military dominance define which is the greatest nation would n't china be like the 2nd greatest nation in the world then ?
