  it was actually ford sync or something like that , probably the same technology for a different car manufacturer . 
  i knew it existed but i never saw it in action . 
  that response time was damn fast . 
  yeah the video has an eery zoo-like feel to it . 
  a proper talk would of course be nice but how fruitful is a conversation during an elevator ride going to be ? 
  `` hey , you 're messi ! '', 
  `` yes i am '', 
  `` uh . . you 're pretty good at kicking a ball '', 
  `` thanks '', 
  that 's what being stuck means, 
  well that seemed unnecessary, 
  i find it really hard to imagine such an outcry, 
   in reality this is just a cute art project and not at all what earth would look like if water and land mass were inverted . 
  no shit ? 
  sounds like a joke to me . 
  even if it is real the `` paint '' job probably peels right off . 
  ng or ng + ( + + + + + ) does n't affect summoning . 
  it 's purely based on lvl . 
  that being said there are n't as many people at the usual level range of ng + in locations that early in the game . 
  it 's because an imgur album and a different imgur picture can have the same `` id '' . 
  sometimes it gets mixed up . 
  used to be an issue with res as well for a while . 
   for work i have an filco majestouch 2 with mx browns ( what else ? ), 
  \\* tips fedora *, 
  though as a fellow filco user i do have to wonder ; what made you want to get leds ? 
  i never understood the appeal . 
  my laptop had led 's and after the first day of use i never turned them on . 
  in fact i 'd be prepared to pay extra just to not have leds in my keyboard . 
  it is n't . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5ndwr.jpg ) is the pic he 's talking about btw . 
  just use the `` popout '' player . 
  you can freely resize it . 
  i do n't like the transparent lettering that lit up keyboards have . 
  also more parts ( like leds that have no actual function ) means more chances for something to break . 
  that 's just when they 're turned off . 
  when they 're turned on it 'd be extremely annoying to have light coming from your keyboard . 
  it 's not like you look at it anyway so there 's no benefit from having keys ligtt up , and the idea of having unnecessary light coming up from under your screen does n't sound good . 
  many european countries have openly homosexual elected officials . 
  that could never happen in russia . 
  there is n't a single country without any homophobes , but that does n't mean every country is as homophobic as the next . 
  nobody said companies would do it out of the goodness of their heart . 
  that does n't mean sponsors being scared away by the bad pr the host city is getting does n't affect their decision making . 
  but i 'd need to wear pants to go out to a stadium . 
  that kinda ruins the point of esports . 
  you do n't . 
  it 's a pr stunt . 
  if i recall correctly it was a fiesta st, 
  e . it was a focus st, 
  yelp still exists ? 
  because you 've seen dogs before ? 
  yea you got ta remember wolves are wild animals . 
  never let them get in a situation where they could overpower you . 
  lots of people are naive ( and have seen too many kids movies ) and think that because they 're nice to the animals the animals will treat them nice back . 
  that 's not how nature works , bitch . 
  actually gifs tend to be much , much bigger in regards to `` content per filesize '' ratio . 
  gifs are so popular because people have short attention spans . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  [ screenshot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8apargc.png ) for people who want to see what we 're talking about but not give them any traffic . 
  sure . 
  and lots of people like to swim with sharks or freeclimb mountains . 
  does n't mean it 's safe or smart to do it . 
  i watched one video . 
  i agree with some of the other commenters , i could n't understand a single word . 
  it 's like a mix of some weird fake-sounding `` british '' accent from the 19th century combined with terrence & phillip . 
  what astounds me the most is that all these videos have 95 + % likes . 
  an action being smart and the person committing that action being smart are two separate things . 
  i remember being 11 or 12 and having heard all about this `` internet porn '' . 
  so i went to google ( with safesearch enabled of course ) and searched for words like `` sex '' and `` intercourse '' . 
  the best thing i could find was a picture of a girl in a bikini and while it was great i felt a little disappointed because there clearly was n't * that * much porn on the internet . 
  hate seems like a pretty strong word . 
  are you jealous because you never had any cool toys as a kid ? 
  back then there were just as many kids saying `` but moooommmmmm , i want a super soaker three thousaaaaand '' or `` but moooommm , i want the full set of thunderbirds action figures that fit into each other to form the secret baaaaaase '' . 
  kids have always been annoying brats . 
  nothing is more cringeworthy than `` kids these days are so much more [ any negative adjective ] than when i was growing up '' . 
   not with my parents . 
  mothers today, 
  there are still parents like yours and back when you were young there were parents who were too lenient . 
  i did n't bother reading the rest of your rant but that fucking thunderbird set was expensive . 
  it was all steel etc. 
  no shit ? 
  everything is subjective . 
  especially if it 's an adjective . 
   crazy people think if you can do something without getting caught then it is n't wrong . 
  look at him he 's so cute :3, 
  newsflash . 
  that 's exactly how the world works . 
  even if you do report them the chances of them getting caught is next to nothing . 
  they 'll just hire the next guy who agrees to whatever it was you did n't agree to . 
  you did n't even have matchbox cars as a kid ? 
  i can see now why you turned into such a bitter adult . 
  you sure sound pretty bitter for a man who claims not to be bitter . 
  there are varying levels of junk mail . 
  something like netflix new this month is shit you do n't want filling your inbox so you could call it junk mail , but you do n't want the e-mail tied to a service with your billing info etc. 
  be accessible to anyone without a password like mailinator is . 
  marines are soldiers . 
  the merriam-webster dictionary says :, 
  : a person who is in the military, 
  just because in the u.s they tend to use the world soldier for a soldier in the army and marine for a soldier in the marines does n't change the fact that all people serving in the military qualify as soldiers . 
  the term predates the u.s army or marine corps . 
  and ghana is jynx ?
