   being gay means more than just sexuality, 
  it should n't . 
  all you 're doing is separating people by sexuality even further . 
  i do n't see why you have to base your ideologies on which gender ( s ) you find attractive . 
   . . changing it to keep it interesting . 
  and ultimately of course this is gon na get to child pornography, 
  what, 
  yeah i actually did n't realize how small it was , figured a reddit with a name like `` racism '' would get more views . 
  i 'm not familiar with this yellowmix character , care to explain ? 
  well that figures, 
  i probably wo n't be missing out on much then :p, 
  she has some great scenes . 
  too bad about the tits and the tattoo . 
  when someone is referring to a nude pic as `` photoshopped '' i do n't think the color balance of the background flower is what they 're referring to . 
  i have istat pro visible on the left of my desktop at all times . 
  have had it since i got my first mac in '07, 
  e. downvote ? 
  this was my first mac and i 'm pretty sure that 's what you asked , right ? 
  removing scratches = good, 
  adding too much contrast , burning the whites and blurring details = bad, 
  you should n't roll them all at once and store them like that . 
  unless you are smoking them all during one day/weekend or something . 
  it 's much better for the weed to just keep it in solid buds until smoked . 
  does it bother you that your supervisor is a 19 year old trainee ? 
  that 's the joke, 
  it clearly is and look at this [ forensic error level analysis ] ( http://errorlevelanalysis.com/permalink/7d6da09/ ) . 
  clearly the stripes of his shirt ... what ? 
  it does n't actually show jack shit in this case , or do you believe that he photoshopped the stripes into that shirt ? 
  sometimes jpeg spectrum analysis can be helpful , most times not, 
  i 'm not mad and if i was it would n't be towards you . 
  i 'm sorry . . that i scared you ? 
  the fact that you consider that ad racist just tells about your thinking process . 
  all i saw was some people rapping about guns and a stripper . 
  sure . 
  offensive ? 
  probably . 
  racist ? 
  i do n't see how . 
  unless the only charasteristic of the males you noticed was their skin color . 
  seems that way lol, 
  i subscribe to it , read a couple of links and a few comments daily, 
  my father taught me how to tie a tie when i was around 10 , have n't forgotten since and ca n't understand people who struggle with it . 
  it 's an extremely simple knot . 
  not including rage about the lenght , that 's easy to screw up . 
  mine often do look like that at first , but it takes 5-10 seconds to even them out to a nice symmetrical look, 
  why are you so defensive ? 
  like every post comparing countries is out there to get you . 
  i thought it was funny and i did n't think too much into it . 
  also if there is a message i do n't really care to hear it . 
  let me explain . 
  somewhere on this planet there are people whose lives are worse than you so you ca n't complain about your life to other people who do have it as well as you do . 
  it 's simple . 
  at any given time one ( 1 ) person whose life is the worst can complain , and after he/she dies the honor is passed on to the next candidate and so forth . 
  also your screen uses a rare 1:1 aspect ratio and the xbox runs on wireless electricity / melvin, 
  at some point in time apple care was an actual physical product ? 
  that 's awesome . 
  welcome to reddit, 
  works just fine for me, 
  although the drop down menus are kinda iffy, 
  this is the first stereogram i ever got to work . 
  well i guess i did n't spend too much time trying before but anyway , thanks . 
  hitles seems to have struggled with perspective, 
  i guess the man took his work home with him, 
  anyone creating a website should at least use a service like imgur or bayimg , even imageshack etc are fine . 
  just do n't hotlink from anybody else 's site ever . 
  not because stealing bandwidth is such a crime , but for your own sake . 
  what kind of a 5 year old plays minecraft, 
  downvoted for obvious `` i do n't care about upvotes '', 
  you ca n't be a `` true father '' unless you 're poor ? 
   he made me feel uncomfortable, 
  yup, 
   i feel bad for this person, 
  lulz, 
  it 's a simplified nhl07 with cartoonish graphics and 3-on-3 . 
  also it 's crap . 
  nhl11 is better even if you are a newbie, 
  i find judging other people 's smoking preferences a crime against our beloved herb, 
  no it does n't completely, 
  also one person does n't need the amount of weed it takes to roll even a small joint ( given it 's good weed ) . 
  with tobacco you only need about half the weed which is a perfect amount for a single person, 
  if someone complained to me the way you just did after smoking a joint i rolled i would n't really give a fuck, 
  burnt *, 
  why can i only notice typos a second after submitting, 
  true that, 
  that is exactly what he just said, 
  i do n't like it at all . 
  i did like the picture though . 
   where, 
  233 points ( 94 % like it ), 
  248 up votes 15 down votes, 
  i believe this expresses pretty well how people feel about the `` derping on f7u12 , ca n't think of ... '' comics, 
  i prefer mixing it with tobacco , but do n't mind smoking 100 % green . 
  and if it 's a random joint on the internet i could n't care less , 
  i always use a paper `` filter '' ( i would n't call it a filter but do n't know a better name for it in english ) just because it 's easy to hold on to and gives you an inch that you do n't have to burn thus making the joint easier to finish . 
  the problem with having a hole to begin with is that the joint can become `` unstable '' or flabby , not sure how to put it . 
  that 's why i prefer pulling it out near the end when it 's not as long . 
  it helps if you leave the roach out a couple of millimetres when rollin ( i 'm guessing about 1/4 -1 / 8 '' ) . 
  easier to grab when pulling . 
  yeah it looked wrong but english is my 3rd language so sry :p, 
  i 'm not mad at anybody and have n't responded to anything angrily .
