  there are so many movies i do n't think it 's physically possible to watch them all , at least without multiple television sets at the same time . 
  so i do have to think what it sounds like . 
  well those 100 movies are n't the only movies i 'm planning on watching for the rest of my life . 
  it 's just the `` buffer '' . 
  i watch about a movie a day but download more than one per day . 
  what else should i decide by than description of the plot ? 
  the colours in the poster ? 
  i 'd say it can be debated whether this was a 5 +20 worth hit . 
  you know how shanahan always mentions `` no sudden movements just prior to the hit '' . 
  well there were sudden movements here . 
  scuderi was n't facing the wall as bernier was closing in . 
  he did clearly spin around and face the boards before the check though . 
  i 'm not saying it 's some conspiracy or there should n't have been a call but that was a perfect example of a `` sudden movement prior to the check '' that shanaban always talks about . 
  scuderi had his shoulder towards bernier up until ~ 1 second prior to the check when scuderi changed his direction and faced the boards . 
   sorry , but imho, 
  table 4 - rule 18 - double-minor penalties, 
  summary of double-minor penalties, 
  ( i ) butt-ending, 
  rule 58, 
  ( ii ) head-butting, 
  rule 47, 
  ( iii ) high-sticking, 
  rule 60, 
  ( iv ) spearing, 
  rule 62, 
  it 's not really an opinion thing, 
   scuderi turns at the last second to draw the penalty . 
  while you are clearly butthurt and rambling i do agree with this part . 
  he did clearly turn at the last second . 
  still probably worth a penalty but he did turn . 
  i would n't give him 5 +20, 
  i brought it up because it 's at 100 now but it keeps growing , meaning there is a huge amount of movies to watch and i do have to pick which ones i see . 
  and all those 100 movies sound more promising than hugo . 
  besides i just checked the imdb page and it 's a family adventure movie set in 1930s paris . 
  next please . 
  i do n't read movie reviews , i do n't believe critics . 
  i 'm not calling reviews a scam or anything but i 've found that my opinion rarely correlates with that of `` critics '' . 
  it seems to me that most are more interested in some arbitrary `` art rules '' than the actual entertainment value . 
  give them any b/w silent movie with tons of cigarettes and they 'll circlejerk around it giving 5 stars even if the movie is a complete piece of shit . 
  because it fits the textbook description of what `` art should be '' and i guess they feel better about themselves glorifying something that 's not likely to make tons of money in the box office . 
  tomato tomato . 
  maybe it wo n't have the lines or flipped brim but you 'll still give away the same impression as the guy on the right . 
  that 's the point of this image , not technicalities of hats . 
  and if you think knowing the difference makes you not look like the guy on the right ... 
  i have bad news for you . 
  yeah i meant the marking mechanic . 
   if so , i thought you could only use that after performing enough stealth takedowns . 
  one melee ( did n't even have to be stealth iirc ) kill meant one mark and execute kill . 
  and one marking was up to 4 ( ? ), 
  people at a time . 
  so it 's not really performing enough stealth takedowns for one mark-and-execute , it 's stopping to get one or two melee kills after clearing a few full rooms with your pistol . 
  yeah it looked cool , but in the old splinter cells you would had been in and out undetected or lying dead on the floor . 
  in conviction you just went in guns blazing and would kill everybody . 
  it was an ok shooter but there are tons of shooters out there . 
  splinter cell used to be the best stealth game imo . 
  great attention to detail . 
  better than mgs . 
  conviction was just another shooter . 
  nope , [ here 's ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpgsxd1vgwc ) an ign video about it . 
  your total amount of `` marks '' only depended on your weapon . 
  i believe pistols tended to have more . 
  you earn an `` execute '' by a melee kill . 
  so one melee kill = 2-5 marked and executed enemies . 
  june 2013, 
  and women . 
  i 've never had a problem with a gf about smoking weed itself , but i 've heard many times that my eyes look `` soulless '' or simply scary . 
  i do admit i get really red eyes and not just red but glazed as well . 
  they are rather scary looking . 
  what does water have to do with it ? 
  i always have a half-litre glass or bottle of water next to me , i drink about 4-6 litres a day . 
  i get terrible red eyes even from a few tokes . 
  i 've never had a problem with redness or anything else with my eyes when not smoking . 
  whenever i have n't used drops i worry about my eyes so much that it makes me really un-smooth . 
  it 's not just the whiteness , it 's the boost of confidence it gives knowing you look your best and 100 % sober . 
  i have a friend like that as well and it 's super annoying when he 's like `` pfft eye drops ? 
  who needs those ? '', 
  well fuck you i do . 
  i 've been smoking for years now but even a couple of tokes can get my eyes super red . 
  and i do n't meen like slightly pink , i mean red like roses . 
  i 'd rather spend that time watching actual movies . 
  learn to play, 
  i 'm that kind . 
  why lol ? 
  i 'm not saying anyone should n't enjoy hc because if you do then good for you , but i get zero extra satisfaction from having a hc character . 
  just the inevitability of death which will suck . 
  and for me that would probably mean the end of diablo as well . 
  i do n't see leveling up again and again to be that interesting , especially when there are no points to allocate . 
  it 's like when games used to force you to replay earlier parts when you died enough times . 
  that 's not fun , i do n't want to do that . 
  i have some of those . 
  the entire diablo.wikia is a fucking joke . 
  3 days after release i read there that weapons ca n't be socketed in d3 . 
  it was n't even beta rumours , it was ** after the release ** . 
  what else did you expect from a diablo game for 12 years ? 
  no grinding for gear ? 
   i ai n't even mad, 
   at level 10, 
  yeah well it takes like 2 hours to get to level 10 without any powerleveling or exploits . 
  so of course you were n't mad , it 's not like you lost a lvl60 character with hundreds of hours and tons of gear on . 
  another redditor uses : instead of ; and it 's a fucking disaster .
