  not trying to undermine their skill or anything but the ball is a lot easier to control barefoot than with shoes on . 
  it was the only american talk show they showed on tv here and i watched it every night i could . 
  i have no clue who made the decision or why ( probably the price ) because it started airing right after the first seasons when it was still extremely low budget but thank whoever that was for it staying on air until the end of late night . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  obviously i 'm not defending the murderer in the least but his reason was they were calling the cops when they figured out he had been drunk driving . 
  obviously no defense and an unforgivable act but he did have a reason . 
   the reason is absolute shit, 
  you just acknowledged there 's a reason . 
  no one is saying there was anything acceptable about his actions but he did n't shoot the victim just for the thrill of shooting him which could be considered `` for no reason '' . 
  he shot a witness to a crime he had committed that was trying to dial 911 . 
  it 's shortsighted reasoning of an intoxicated cold-blooded killer but it is a reasoning . 
  but your original comment was just `` why ? 
  why would you shoot someone for no reason ? '' . 
  the answer is to cover up a crime he had committed . 
  that 's the reason why . 
  no it is n't . 
  low quality material with no names or sources . 
  in fact curse tumblr for making google reverse image search less effective . 
  google contains a lot of porn too if quantity is all you care about . 
  why would you assume i 'm looking for a debate lmao, 
  that and a cross country ski were my first thougts, 
  no i did n't . 
  i just called your opinion shit in a non-direct way . 
  femdom empire - adriana chechik - owning his balls 1080p, 
  length : 10:11, 
  format : mp4, 
  resolution : 1920x1080, 
  it 's on empornium . 
  i do n't use stream sites so ca n't help you there . 
  consider yourself lucky, 
  he 's not clicking further away than the additional `` gain '' you get by good targeting . 
  i know it 's a meme circlejerk but people who seriously did n't want the blink reworked because of skill cap also advocated for a different sound . 
  if we wanted to be `` professional '' players would use their real names . 
  personally i think this whole thing is blown out of proportion . 
  pros changing their names never bothered me if anything it was kinda funny . 
  nobody 's said anything otherwise . 
  these days it actually scans a barcode in the label since reusable plastic bottles do n't exist anymore ( they melt them down ) . 
  it used to be right on the bottle . 
  lol paying for text messages in your plan, 
  last time i sent a regular text message was probably 2010 or something, 
  probably because of pecorino cheese, 
  did you have a stroke while writing this ? 
  shit post, 
  everyone i know including my grandparents have whatsapp, 
  nobody 's saing he was n't . 
  i 'm pretty sure it started with [ these comics ] ( http://floccinaucinihilipilificationa.tumblr.com/ ) ( the ones with the bee protagonist ), 
  this feels really fucking forced . 
  i prefer the videos that do n't look like they intentionally aim to be `` deepintoyoutube material '' . 
  are those real tattoos ? 
  i have n't played pokemon since blue on gameboy color but i do n't really see what adults playing light rpg adventure games and lip-syncing battles have in common, 
  well that 's good at least, 
  instead of survival i was thinking of guys who go on long bike rides or hikes or something . 
  do n't want to carry around multiple water bottles but having bottle always available is nice . 
  if you 're going to play video games anyway i do n't really see how pokemon is any more of a `` kid 's game '' than anything else . 
  the mechanics and deciding on a party composition etc. 
  can be pretty deep afaik . 
  having more blood and spilled guts does n't make a game any more mature . 
  love the voice but his [ website ] ( http://www.waynejune.com/ ) could perhaps use an update . 
  yes and no . 
  new site , new url , old name . 
  the old empornium shut down some time after cheggit started out and the new one sprung up around the time cheggit ceased to exist . 
  i 'm not sure on the exact date but it says my account is 3 years 11 months old and a quick check to the forums reveals all the mods ' and admins ' accounts are the same age . 
  if a light jog across an airport is enough to make you smell so shitty you get kicked off an airplane you might need better deodorant . 
  i 'm pretty sure those shoes also work as regular shoes if need be, 
  but ca n't you just walk regularly if you 're somewhere without smooth floors ? 
  it definitely feels more like plastic . 
  i found these pics of the io shield from google and they also clearly show it which to me makes me think it is n't just something bent out of place . 
  you do ? 
  i thought they were designed so you could walk regularly if they were n't tipped backwards . 
  that 's what the ads implied anyway . 
  how the fuck can you watch this video and say `` i do n't think there was intent '' ? 
  depends what `` that '' means . 
  was he intentionally delivering a check ? 
  is it possible he was suffering from a concussion or something and thought it was a player ? 
  plausible, 
  i tried that but it appears to be wider than the hole, 
   how is this shitty, 
  by looking like shit and apparently being a ball of cheese covered by sausage slices . 
  but a computer or even a console will ( and should ) always be much much more powerful than any phone . 
  i do n't want my gaming experience on a pc hindered by the fact that the same game needs to run on somebody 's phone . 
  i get the idea of `` universal apps '' if we 're talking about music playback or microsoft office or something but op and you are specifically talking about gaming and to be honest that sounds absolutely horrible . 
  neither of those sounds like a good thing, 
  after a few years the kid can start posting on / r/pimpyourmomforkarma, 
  lots of married people also cheat on their spouses, 
  anime, 
  yeah but i 've never met a fan who actually enjoys the all-star game . 
  it feels like one of those forced holiday traditions you do because grandma did it in the 30s and it 's always been that way but nobody actually likes doing it . 
  the skill competition is kinda cool though . 
  or just have it say when you 've completed the challenge ? 
  i do n't really see why it 's so crucial to have it update constantly that it 's worth risking the balance of the game over . 
  it would be a nice feature if there were no downsides to it . 
  it 's not important enough to take a risk that it could ever be abused in any way . 
  the feature it 's supposed to advertise is setting up your own macro keybinds . 
  what the `` fast download '' is doing there i have absolutely no clue . 
  yeah no bullshit i have these store brand t-shirts from an american sports goods store and they 're listed as `` m '' and are literally the size of 2xl here . 
  redundant, 
  does that really come as a surprise to you ? 
  i did n't even know there was an in-game one . 
  what does it do ? 
  can you equip i somewhere ?
