  now it 's just gimmicky if you replay the game and the puzzle sections feel forced . 
  the way the story was told `` naturally '' around you was very nice but while at hl1 launch it could almost be considered revolutionary by the time hl2 came out a lot of games did the same thing . 
  the characters themselves were totally forgettable . 
  gordon freeman was really nothing but just another silent protagonist hailed as a god in the sequel by the other characters . 
  i do n't understand why people on the internet circlejerk around him either . 
  he does n't say anything , he does n't do anything that other single player fps characters would n't do , there 's no character arc for him . 
  he 's just a mute player model who completes missions without ever questioning his place in the story . 
  in hl1 being just another scientist from the lab forced to fight aliens was an interesting twist ( though even this you had to remind yourself of since he is a silent protagonist so it would n't make a difference if he was super elite commando ) but in hl2 he 's lost the only thing that made him kinda unique since he 's inserted into the story just like any other action hero in the start of a sequel . 
  other characters ? 
  there was alex who i best remember for nude mods ( which i totally did n't download myself krhm ) and her dad and they liked to argue i guess ? 
  that was their thing , right ? 
  and they had a robot sidekick ? 
  totally forgettable . 
  gameplay wise the level design was pretty straight forward with little alternative routes . 
  only freedom came from the ( ab ) use of the gravity gun and even then it felt like the devs had planned for you to use it . 
  like i said the gravity gun was extremely fun at a time when realistic physics were a new thing so most players just used that all the time but if you actually tried the `` conventional weapons '' the gunplay was very boring and basic with virtually no recoil or other challenging factors . 
  just point and hold mouse1 until enemies are dead or you find a saw blade to launch with your gravity gun . 
  enemies were recycled throughout the entire game though i admit some of the more rare enemies very nicely designed . 
  the world design visually was excellent too . 
  hl1 ( and mods ) would be in my top5 games of all time . 
  hl2 would n't even make my top 100 . 
  if you include other source games that arguably would n't exist without hl2 ( tf2 , csgo , l4d , portal even dota 2 ) then hl2 definitely makes top100 but i paid separate for all of those games ( except dota which is f2p ) . 
  rome total war is the best total war game to date . 
  i would definitely still have it in my top10 . 
  i 've never installed any mods but there were some . ini modifications that were easy to do and allowed more freedom like opening up civilizations normally unlocked via playing the campaign and changing the time limits etc. 
   yeah , everyone probably has been harassed in dota , but that does n't make it right that it happens, 
  it also does n't make it sexist as the op claims . 
  you spouting retarded tumblr memes with your funny pictures does n't help . 
  yeah i realize they were fake like 2 years ago already but they just keep getting bigger . 
  [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/o0etcnf.jpg ) recent post looked a lot bigger than before too and she 's not even lying down or anything, 
  i thought this sub ended the debate like a year and a half ago . 
  around when people saying they 're real suddenly started getting downvotes instead of the other way around . 
  this is the worst shitpost i 've ever seen on this sub, 
  wow americans do n't have chips in their credit cards ? 
  it 's been standard here for a decade . 
  i do n't care about the whole `` proving they 're fake '' thing but this was posted by someone else and the top 3 are natural http://queenofthenerds.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/1393022681567.jpg, 
  i 'm pretty sure i have $ 1.50 worth of bottles lying around somewhere, 
  i had to disable ublock and disconnect to get it to work . 
  not true . 
  the hat can be bigger or smaller than the object ( the telephone pole for example is smaller than hat ) the imp is going to go under the heavy object , that 's what i used . 
  someone mentioned the heavy object shrinking more rapidly . 
  modern nvidia cards also have a similiar feature that works in all games . 
  you can even configure it to record the desktop so whenever you want you can save the last 15 minutes of whatever you saw on your screen . 
  people like you ( more the fact that this is possible , i ca n't blame anyone for abusing such a blatant design error ) are the reason i do n't play this game . 
  luckily arma 3 has some decent mods . 
   how one perspective is better than the other, 
  but no one can argue that 3rd person is n't a gazillion times better . 
  you can see over obstacles without showing yourself , how can 1st person compete with that ? 
   sad ego trip, 
  criticism of game mechanics on a sub about the game is a sad ego trip now ? 
  grow up . 
  it 's not about immersion . 
  it 's about gaining a huge advantage by doing this that are n't fun to do . 
  i hate peeking over walls but if i did n't i 'd be dead every 5 minutes because every else is doing it . 
  if nobody was doing it the game would be a lot more fun to play even if i did n't give a shit about immersion . 
  it 's impossible to get real percentages . 
  so many pcs are not used for gaming and depending on the wording etc. 
  one can include every pc used to play 15 minutes of facebook games in its lifetime to `` pc gaming '' . 
  but i do n't understand how that makes the black lotus worth any more than the other rares . 
  i get that the later editions with larger qualities are worth less but you yourself said, 
   you had just as much chance to open a black lotus than , say , aspect of wolf ( junk rare ) . 
  what makes the black lotus worth more than the other cards of `` equal rarity '' in the same print run ? 
  you are so deep in denial, 
   i 'm 100 % certain she has implants, 
  then why are you even talking about push up bras ? 
  everyone knows push up bras can be used to make boobs appear bigger . 
  everyone also knows there 's a limit to what they can do . 
  and what 's happened to her is beyond that limit . 
  so why even bring it up ? 
  yea according to him in an `` interview '' where he can say whatever the fuck and none of the witnesses are there to back his story up, 
  vanilla ak-47 is the best looking ak, 
  to be fair if i was going to let a kid young enough not to understand such concepts while having $ 400 stickers on my account i 'd either hide them on the marketplace , change accounts or just tell him to never ever touch any of the stickers . 
  that 's his own mistake . 
  yeah and he used it in a weapon where it looks good ? 
  i do n't see how applying an expensive sticker in itself is a `` regret '' unless of course he got it randomly and assumed it to be dirt cheap . 
  your comments are getting downvoted because they 're retarded . 
  not because you offended anyone . 
  i 'd say it is but different strokes, 
  yeah zowie mouse and steelseries mousepad master race reporting in . 
  using the scrollwheel is what got you killed , not the mouse . 
   people like things . 
  but this is n't a product review . 
  this is calculated marketing willingly upvoted by people for no apparent reason . 
  a funny ad video or something i can understand but this is n't even that . 
  it 's just a company claiming to give one free copy to one person who for all we know might even be in on it . 
  there 's not even a quirky story or anything behind it , it 's as unoriginal as viral advertising can be . 
  yeah i do n't like the vanilla awp . 
  sure it 's nostalgic but it 's always been ugly . 
  why would you link to some random compilation when the actual video is the first ( and 2nd and 3rd ) result on google ? 
  it 's totally fine on a controller . 
  i 'd much rather play on a controller than on a mouse if i was lying on the couch . 
  kinda the same but opposite . 
  my dad had to travel on a train the day of the match and asked me to text him live updates . 
  he went into a long tunnel thinking the game was 1-0 and came out to a text saying `` 4-0 !!! '' . 
  sent me a msg saying `` that 's a typo , right ? '', 
  so i responded with `` yeah it 's 5-0 now '' . 
  she 's actually from like the midwest or arkansas or something like that, 
  that video is from 2015 . 
  `` i ca n't believe you 've done this '' has been a reddit meme for over a year . 
  well memed my friend,
