  if they just wanted to introduce colours why not release 5s in 8 colors or something ? 
  my main phone is a colorful lumia . 
  you are fighting windmills . 
  i said i know it 's a quality phone in reality , that 's why i do n't understand the marketing behind it . 
  it did feel like an announcement for a cheaper version for a different market than the old phones , only it 's not . 
  that 's what i was confused by , not the actual quality of the phone or whether it really is `` kiddy '' or not . 
  how about next time instead of just deleting someone 's comments making you seem even more guilty you show something like this the first time so he wo n't go on a personal vendetta ? 
  more likely the account gets banned and the money is never seen again . 
  oh no , he lost an ebay account . 
  you ca n't replace that . 
  you 're supposed to be clunky and turn slowly in that game . 
  that 's how they implement the horror aspect . 
  that and cheap scares . 
  it 's not supposed to handle like counter-strike . 
  people do n't do this on the same account they sell their lawnmovers with . 
  they create a separate account and if someone is going to fall for something like this they 're likely to not notice the 0 ratings . 
  so if the bad guy gets lucky they make money with 0 expenses , withdraw it immidiately and once they start getting negative reviews they create a new account . 
  the credit card company or someone will probably refund the money to the `` victim '' but it 's very unlikely you get caught doing this if you understand anything about internet security . 
  it 's easy to set up `` fake '' paypals etc. 
  and have the money as bitcoins and back to untraceable cash in a matter of 15 minutes to an hour . 
  have you checked the impound ? 
  nothing like a good old awkward silence . 
  i do n't think lending big sums to friends is wise either but anything under $ 50 is really not a threat to friendship even if he does n't pay it back immidiately . 
  if it is you 're a shitty friend anyway . 
  a waste to customize a car ? 
  that 's all i 've put my money into , around 2mil at this point . 
  certainly has n't been a waste . 
  use garages and check the impound , i have multiple fully tuned bugattis and cheetahs and r8 's etc. 
  in every character 's garage . 
  that 's what gta is about . 
  maybe it 's just because of international differences ( although i use my google in english ) but my google logo lost the shine almost 6 months ago . 
  this `` new '' is what it 's looked like for pretty much the entire 2013 . 
  you realize you 're talking about a difference kilobytes if even that ? 
  they 're still images , not rendered on the fly . 
  displaying `` shadows '' and `` fades '' does n't require more from a processor than showing flat surfaces when they 're both still pre-rendered image files . 
  this is entirely a design choice , not a technical one . 
  besides my phone has a quadcore 1,5 ghz processor and it 's not even the top of the line . 
  your way of thinking is from 10 years ago when internet on phones was a new thing . 
  you 'd think one wasting work time would do this more carefully than someone at home . 
  then again i did this at home and got [ 0 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1me1tyd.png ) . 
  it 's been a meme/common joke in finland for a long time . 
  at least [ this picture ] ( http://www.crestock.com/uploads/blog/2008/propagandaposters/18.jpg ) . 
  nothing like paying lawyers thousand of dollars for an in-family dispute . 
  a lot of effort and dedication to avoid your granpa ? 
  i 've avoided every family event for years and it 's not like i 'm even trying . 
  and i have n't stolen any cars . 
  yeah and if you fail the re-exam you can just sign up for the exam alone next semester without completing the actual `` class '' again . 
  it 's probably the eyelashes . 
  they are pretty gorgeus . 
  i 'm with you . 
  he 's definitely handsome but he 's simply not superstar hottest man on the planet in my eyes . 
  it 's amazing how many people get mad if you even hint that there are people even better looking out there . 
  the fact that he 's mostly seen in movies yet ca n't act for shit does n't help with his charisma . 
  yes . 
  if he went to a bar with a group of movie stars , no . 
  what 's wrong with min.us ? 
  i always see hate but it works just fine for me , all the gifs load faster than they play . 
  i think people just blame min.us because it 's used for bigger gifs when in reality the problem is their internet connection . 
  that 's the origin but it 's been used as a joke or a `` meme '' ( [ memes are not just image captions ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/meme ) ) for decades . 
  if someone asks you to go out to a bar or something you can send that pic as a response or just yell out het !, 
  in case you are n't communicating via internet tubes . 
  no it 's the schnapps . 
  do you have a better host for large gif files with no bandwidth limits and that allows hotlinking ? 
  if not then shup up and wait . 
  it 's not the site 's fault if the mobile connections wherever you live are slow . 
  the cars do n't respawn to garages , they respawn to impound . 
  you 're looking for them in the wrong places and then complain ? 
  how is it more trouble to drive to the impound than to the garage ? 
  i have 2-4 cars at every characters house and 3-5 at their garage , because i store cars in them . 
  cars that i can then retrieve from impound if i lose them on the side of the road . 
  i play all three, 
  i started with with cs in 98 or 99 . 
  i recently got back into cs : go . 
  i played 1942 and bf2 a lot and even more bfbc2 . 
  ( 1000 + hours total ) . 
  the first 2 cod 's were amazing and i never started hating the series although it got a little boring . 
  i still play them occasionally and have owned every one in the series . 
  the last one i 've only played about 30-40 hours though . 
  bf3 is amazing on pc but i never got too much into it . 
  i do n't think it 's the game 's fault necessarily , i 've just been playing other kinds of vidya . 
  if i had to choose one game it 'd be cs . 
  the 5v5 teamwork is just so much fun . 
  battlefield does have the most epic moments and i absolutely love the series but there 's nothing like acing a team or pulling a huge comeback in cs . 
  it just gets your blood pumping . 
  bf has amazing moments while assaulting or defending flags etc. 
  but you can never play bf `` perfectly '' . 
  it 's more like a sandbox game . 
  i love sandbox games but i also love the competetive nature of cs ( although i 'm fully an amateur ) . 
  that being said if you enjoy getting immersed in the game and thinking you 're a real spec ops soldier hiding in the night lurking for prey then bf is your game . 
  you never forget you 're playing a shooter while in cs or cod . 
  it 's high paced action with bright text on the screen and people yelling and scoreboards and chaos . 
  maybe it 's just because i play bf with the hud off or `` hardcore '' but i really enjoy the atmosphere in bf games . 
  even if i am rushing objectives with an smg . 
  it just feels more `` real '' even though it 's as close to a simulator as gta . 
  did you look at the image info ? 
  the file size is 14.5 mb . 
  if you have a 6.5 mb/s connection it 's going to take you 20 seconds to download 14.5 megabytes with full speed . 
  even if it 's a 6.5 mb/s connection ( internet connections are usually measured in mbps ) it 'd take 3 seconds . 
  with my 100mbps connection i can refresh the image and have it load instantly with no problems so it 's not min.us 's fault . 
  it 's whoever 's made that gif 14,5 megabytes .
