  do i really need to source this ? 
  track & field is probably the easiest to compare . 
  or if you wan na go by paychecks, 
  of the top 100 best paid athletes 98 are men, 
   business, 
  the 5 women in the top 50 richest people in the world are all exclusively heiresses . 
  while i 'm not claiming all the men built their own empires it 's still notable that not a single woman did . 
  4 of them inherited their wealth from their fathers while 1 married into it . 
   science, 
  this one is tougher to measure but i guess one way would be this list, 
  of the hundred or so names there are only 3 women on that list . 
  with all this how can you say that my statement, 
   the most successful people of any field are men . 
  is not true ? 
  well by doing exactly that, 
  i actually just started a new save yesterday and way playing with full settings , everything maxed from dsfix and streaming at 3000kbps 60fps and remembered this comment so i paid special attention to the fps counter in blighttown . 
  not a single drop below 60 ( or 59 . xxx ) at any point despite trying to bait it by looking around while running etc. 
  not even a dropped frame from obs ( total of 0 dropped frames during a 6 hour stream ) . 
  there 's probably something wrong with your configuration . 
  yeah this is truly the best post i 've ever seen on this sub, 
  also possibly feared him tripping over would 've made the nudge look much worse than it actually was and did n't want to take the however slim risk of drawing 2 for roughing . 
  especially with the goalie there . 
   india ( no brahmin ), 
  lol, 
  outnumbered 10 to 1 ? 
   notice how the majority of these are pre-1950 ? 
  yes and notice how all of the film actors were post-1990 yet the results stay the same ? 
  i 'd say those two counter each other out in terms of the time frame . 
   of course women are going to not be getting as much money in the acting world . 
  why is this `` of course '' ? 
  women have higher enrollment rates into drama schools . 
  over half the moviegoers in the us are female . 
   no matter how good you are , it 's going to be easier making it in business as a man . 
  why is it easier ? 
  you 're just assuming it 's easier since men are more successful at it . 
   but you ca n't deny that men have a massive advantage because , well , they 're men . 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say . 
  it 's like you 're trying to argue `` women work just as hard as men '' when that was n't what i was talking about at all . 
  if you admit that being a man gives you a `` massive advantage '' which by the way i do n't really understand when talking about anything that is n't related to physical strenght then how can you be so against the idea that the best at anything are men ? 
  assuming you 're right would n't it be only natural that the ones that end up on top tend to more often than not be the ones that started with an advantage ? 
  just like in the world of professional athletes the genes typically choose the sport no matter how hard you work . 
  different hereditary muscle fiber types are the main reason why certain african nations have dominated long distance running for decades . 
  they are the reason why it 's so common for the son of a star athlete to also become a pro . 
  it does n't overrule the need for hard work and dedication etc. 
  but the people who end up at the world elite typically started with some form of advantage . 
  in my mind saying `` men have an advantage '' is the same as agreeing with me , then trying to word yourself around it just to avoid agreeing with me . 
  if you 're running windows 7/8/10 there should n't be any input lag and especially with 8/10 the effect on performance is very negligible . 
  at least that 's how it is in general for video games . 
  i 'm not aware of any dks specific issues and after playing for 6 hours in borderless window ca n't say i 've noticed either one myself . 
   but it is pretty amazing that you 've gone through all these lists , full of hundreds of people and looked for the women . 
  you 're obviously very passionate about this topic . 
  it really did n't take that long . 
  most time consuming was googling the names i was unsure of . 
  i 'm not passionate about the topic of men are better than women per se , but i do feel strongly about the topic of supressing the truth in the name of political correctness and trying to force this world view of `` everyone is perfectly equal and identical in every way '' where it does not apply . 
  i do n't advocate discrimination of any kind but i do n't think the only way to combat it is to lie to our faces that you should n't discriminate because differences do n't exist . 
  you should n't discriminate because it 's not a nice thing to do , regardless if you 're actually right about any group of people performing inferiorly at a certain thing . 
   it 's not his fault he 's stupid . 
  it probably is though . 
  the decisions you make in life are typically a much bigger influence on your cognitive abilities and problem solving/decision making skills than your genetics unless you were born with some serious mental disability or the like . 
  it 's not horrific . 
  he can and should try if he has no other chance . 
  that does n't mean people want to donate to it . 
  not donating is not the same as shunning you for asking . 
  damn that 's disgusting . 
  works perfect for me . 
  daily reminder that american chocolate is literally made from sour milk and literally tastes like vomit, 
   the hershey process milk chocolate used in these bars is cheaper to make than other types of chocolate as it is less sensitive to the freshness of the milk . 
  the process was developed by milton hershey and was the first mass-produced chocolate in the united states . 
  as a result , the hershey flavor is widely recognized in the united states , but less so internationally , in particular in areas where european chocolates are more widely available . 
  the process is a trade secret , but experts speculate that the milk is partially lipolyzed , producing butyric acid , which stabilizes the milk from further fermentation . 
  this compound gives the product a particular sour , `` tangy '' taste , to which the us public has become accustomed , to the point that other manufacturers often add butyric acid to their milk chocolates . 
  [ 1 ] the american bar 's taste profile was not as popular with the canadian public , leading hershey to introduce a reformulated canadian bar in 1983 . 
  [ 2 ] the company describes the revised canadian formulation as a `` creamier , smoother , lighter coloured and milder flavoured product more suitable to canadian taste '' . 
   butyric acid is present in , and is the main distinctive smell of , human vomit . 
  i only have 1/10th of his internet points but i 'll sell mine for 50 bucks, 
  i feel like i 'm in some sort of opposite world . 
  9/10 times these `` silly things acidentally on tv '' posts the cameraman gets blamed when it was obviously the work/fault of the director . 
  usually it feels people think the cameramen are the ones who choose whenever they want their cameras on . 
  now in this case it was the cameraman reacting , not the director ( see how it 's still the same shot just panning to the side , not switching feeds ) and this is the one time anyone mentions director ? 
  what the fuck ? 
   but then you still insist on swapping commas and periods . 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  it 's just fucking silly , really . 
  the metric system is generally superior , but using a comma in a decimal base system is straight-fucking retarded . 
  you mean how americans insist on swapping commas and periods in a way that does n't make any sense and is straight-fucking retarded ? 
  the original decimal symbol used by arabs roughly a thousand years ago was a stroke , not a point . 
  that 's where our number system originates from . 
  yeah and it 's just an awful ringtone ? 
  he did n't say it 's the end of the world . 
  he said it 's awful at being what it is , a ringtone . 
   awful is something that is extremely bad, 
  and that ringtone is an extremely bad ringtone . 
  you 're literally the only one thinking he was talking about anything else than how good of a ringtone this ringtone was . 
  yeah i 've had a variation of `` ring ring '' for about 15 years . 
  though my phone has been exclusively on vibrate for the past ~ 4 years so i do n't even know my current ringtone . 
  it 's not frozen , what 's the problem ? 
  which is why you always report for feeding instead of communication abuse so they get low prio instead of a mute, 
  the language selection does somewhat work . 
  if you play euw and pick english you usually get a team of europeans against a team of russians . 
  not that it 's 100 % of course but it feels like it does at least something since opponents tend to be 5 russians and your team is only like 0-2 russians .
