  nowadays it 's just straight up required, 
  the 4790k is like 300 total . 
  are you saying a 100 dollar cpu can match or almost match it 's performance ? 
  why do you have them in your friends list then ? 
  i rarely play a game without someone in my friends list, 
  oh boy real mx cherry keys ? 
  sign me up, 
  well it 's not his own curator page , that 's why he does n't run it . 
  someone totally different started it up using his name and logo . 
  frankie did contact steam and got control over it but had no interest in doing it himself and the page had already created a following and it 's own community so he just gave it back . 
  you seem to think that he put some fan in charge of his page . 
  that 's not the case . 
  some guy just started that curator page without frankie 's involvement . 
  that 's not `` his page '' despite using his name . 
  bhopping is allowed but it takes skill , practice and some luck . 
  frankie used an external script that takes all the skill away from it and allows you to bunnyhop in a way not possible without such cheats . 
  playing video games drunk sucks, 
  except he did n't hire or even find a fan to do it . 
  that page was started without his involvement . 
  by fans of frankie for fans of frankie kind of thing, 
  yeah everything else in my life is going to shit but at least i constantly get lucky with dota boxes . 
  i have so many bonus drops i originally thought they were like 50/50, 
  i also got a knife from my ~ 5th csgo box, 
  it was the same price when i got one 6 months ago so its not a recent change, 
  a lot of people switched over from xbox to ps4 this generation including everyone i personally know who owns a console, 
  the ps4 sub had a poll at some point and iirc something like 1/3 said they owned a 360 but not a ps3, 
  you ca n't compare a non-native resolution to a native one . 
  a native 1080p monitor of the same size would look totally different than a 1440p monitor that 's set to a lower resolution that is n't even a round multiplier, 
  except on youtube and many other sites the maximum bitrate goes up as you select a higher resolution so that 's why music for example sounds a lot better when you select 720p instead of 360p, 
  1080p has been the standard resolution for tvs and monitors for a decade . 
  do you really think it 's suddenly gon na go up to 1440p that is n't even that big of a difference ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
  one thing nobody else mentioned is that membrane keyboards often have a limit of how many keys you can press at the same time because of the way they process key presses . 
  sometimes even certain combinations of 2 keys ca n't be pressed simultaneously . 
  since mechanical keyboards have an individual switch for each key it does n't any such limitations which is one of the reasons they 're great for gaming . 
  one common test is to hold both shift buttons and type `` the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog '', 
  he quik brown fo jups oer he la dog, 
  now if i was home on my mechanical keyboard that sentence would be complete but since i 'm using a laptop it is n't . 
   outside of durability where they are arguably better , the rest is preference, 
  not having to deal with ghosting or `` nkro '' is definitely an advantage and not a preference, 
  maybe he likes his ps4 for overall gaming and has an xbox only for that certain exclusive ? 
  kinda like how i prefer my pc and play everything i can on it but also have a ps4 so i can play bloodborne . 
  because the page has a shit ton of followers and links to each of his monetized youtube videos giving him ad revenue ? 
  the soundblaster software also has a built-in `` male to female '' voice changer . 
  that thing is hilarious . 
  also i just found this [ glorious picture ] ( http://www.gigabyte.com/fileupload/features/2/photo/3809.png ) while looking up my motherboard model . 
  i doubt they will . 
  imo tvs and monitors have gone from `` how big can i afford '' like it was in 2005 to simply `` how big do i want/can fit into this space comfortably '' since monitors of all sizes are pretty affordable now . 
  21 '' and 24 '' still seem like the two popular sizes despite that . 
  i 'm just glad the explanation included cartoon boobs, 
  yeah the team finland that had just won bronze at 2010 olympics participated in what we call `` c-juniors '' so 14-15 year olds boys for a part of the season in preparation for the next world cup and [ did n't win a single match ] ( http://www.junnut.com/t1/lue.php?id=11019 ), 
  the numbers are pretty ugly too with scores like 0-17, 
  if you really care here 's some more detailed information on the subject : http://blog.controlspace.org/2010/08/n-key-rollover-what-it-is-and-how-to.html, 
  i personally found out that i could n't press sneak ( ctrl ) + wasd + reload ( r ) at the same time in csgo which was the final straw that got me to switch to a mechanical keyboard . 
  honestly the best purchase of my life even for day to day typing and stuff . 
  posting a price check when talking about prices hardly seems like being a dick to me but i 'm glad we 've reached an agreement, 
   europe 's cs has become weak ( er ), 
  because one american team has made it to finals ? 
  yeah monsters in a game nobody played, 
  no `` anti-ghosting '' membrane keyboard is as effective as individual switches though and even if it is possible the reality is that 99.99 % of membrane keyboards are n't built like that . 
  and why would they ? 
  people who care enough or even know about it or are willing to spend a lot on keyboards just buy mechanical . 
  i doubt there 's much of a market for high-end membrane keyboards . 
  yeah spending time creating a product and getting money in return for said product . 
  it 's the perfect scheme !, 
  well i came back to this game after about a year of not playing and suddenly everyone in my friends list ( ~ 75 people who play csgo ) were global or supreme . 
  so it 's not just on reddit . 
  and i agree with op , there 's way too wide of a range within ge . 
  it makes matchmaking really inconsistent when basically everyone who played 1.6 is treated as equal to some tryhard semi-pro who can consistently get double the frags in a match . 
  funny thing is this actually used to be true . 
  when pasha started streaming he was lem for a long time too . 
  yeah i do n't really know anything more than i said there , i was n't around to witness it when it happened neither did i care . 
  i 'm just repeating what people over on csgo sub said when he was discussed a lot a few weeks back . 
  if you 're looking for a cheap but decent gaming headset the [ hyperx cloud ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nami8dmwnbi ) is pretty good in my opinion . 
   one sib picked up some new words to share in preschool after watching minecraft tutorials on youtube with him, 
  * minecraft tutorials *, 
  that 's the censored steam version with no nudity . 
  a lot of games in that genre have a censored steam version though huniepop for example has an official patch on the website you can download to make the steam version fully functional . 
  but if you have access to that you have access to real porn . 
  cities : skylines might be a good game to consider . 
  it does n't have much objectives or challenge and i do n't know if that 's a good thing but if he 's the kind who can just enjoy building in a sandbox-esque environment like minecraft you can get endless hours out of that game . 
  well it 's not like the videos make themselves . 
  otherwise i 'd have a youtube channel as big too . 
  i 've yet to see a pc with as good of a trackpad as any mac . 
  it 's quite unbelievable really . 
  i know they buy those parts from some 3rd party taiwanese manufacturer or whatever yet for some reason companies like dell refuse or just fail to get the same ones . 
  if i was to buy a laptop right now i 'd get a macbook pro , despite my love of pc gaming . 
   which will bite him in the ass later in life ... 
  why on earth would that happen ? 
  some sort of cosmic karma for accepting this dirty extra money ? 
  and you talk about being retarded . . 
  tsm is a eu team, 
  except he took the page over already because of copyright infringement then gave the original owners back their ability to post . 
  it 's no different than having mods in your youtube channel deleting comments for you . 
  how do you know what kind of deal they have over that page ? 
  frankie could very well still hold ownership even if he does n't post there himself . 
  and if you look at the page they 're just copying the video titles and refer to frankie in 3rd person in the description . 
  nowhere on there is anything that 's posted `` as frankie '' . 
  that 's not impersonating . 
  moving sideways ( w + a ) while crouching not to make a sound ( ctrl ) and talking to teamspeak ( v ) while jumping over an obstacle ( space ) .
