  very few people i know played through the campaign . 
  most are diamond or master so it 's not like they 're terrible newbies . 
  i did n't play the campaign . 
  i did n't play wc2 or wc3 campaigns either . 
  not intersted in rts 's against the cpu . 
  it 's not like i was bragging about it . 
  [ chyna cervini ] ( http://sflchronicle.com/chronic-hotties/page-7-girls/2013/01/hello-world-meet-chyna-cervini/ ), 
  who the fuck is desrow ? 
  using lube during vaginal sex ? 
  i 'm guessing you 're either old or one of you has been mutilated, 
  yeah i would n't be sitting in the library cause i can do all the assignments at home on my computer alone and not talking to any girls, 
  \\  physical media, 
  good bet for gamers ? 
  a fucking dual shock controller from the 90s now with a touch screen and a share button . 
  ** a share button ** . 
  what about that sounds good for gamers ? 
  i was actually hoping the ps4 would n't turn out to be crap so there would be good competition for the next xbox but it seems like ms is going to be the only option again . 
  also like any reasonable person in the 21st century i have my computer linked to my tv via hdmi so i have absolutely no need for any media platforms . 
   the only reason why we watched the damn release was to see the goddamn machine, 
  do people really care that much what the console looks like ? 
  i watched it 80 % for the controller 20 % for the gameplay footage . 
  when i play a console i look at the tv and not the console itself so as long as it 's not the size of a fridge i could n't really care less . 
  those are all nice little extras , but when your controller is crap it 's not going to save anything . 
  i 'm not a fanboy , i was hoping for the ps4 announcement to be as good as possible but i ca n't understand how some people actually thought it was . 
  i mean come on , a share button ? 
  how about the share button ? 
  now i 'm all for the streaming functions and even though i never have and never will use the `` share '' feature i do n't mind it being there in the menus . 
  however a separate button that you ca n't rebind ? 
  have you ever though `` damn i want to share that but it 'd take a second to open up the menus . 
  i wish there was a quick way i could press share in the middle of action '' . 
  no you have n't and nobody ever will . 
  that 's because a separate button for sharing is fucking moronic . 
  i 've never liked the dual shock . 
  it was ok in the 90s because i did n't know better . 
  then along came the gamecube controller that wiped the floor with it . 
  then we got the 360 . 
  of course i 'll wait to try it out in my hand but it does n't look that much better than the old dual shocks and with additional features i 'd rather do without . 
   the only people who have their computers setup to their tv via hdmi are people in the tech industry and computer geeks . 
  yeah that 's just simply not true . 
  maybe among older people but everyone i know has their computer connected to their tv ( if they own a tv that is ) . 
  my friends are mostly business majors or doing odd jobs before college so hardly any tech industry people or computer geeks . 
  my xbox is still the only reason i buy physical games . 
  i 'd like to purchase them digitally but it 's simply more expensive so why would i. 
  however this is just a case of bad pricing and not any sort of advantage physical games have since obviously they should be more expensive as the cost to make a physical copy is higher . 
  that 's just games though . 
  the blu-ray on ps3 is also marketed as a movie player . 
  it 's probably been almost 10 years since i purchased a movie or a tv show physically . 
  fanboying ? 
  saying anything bad about a sony product is fanboying ? 
  i 'm hoping playstation 4 is good . 
  i wish i had two options when i 'll purchase my next-gen console . 
  it just does n't seem like that right now . 
  what ? 
  he 's absolutely true . 
  i do n't even own a gaming pc , i do all my gaming on my xbox and even i realize consoles are holding back pc gaming . 
  you can blame casuals or pc gamers pirating everything or whatever you want but nothing changes the fact that developing games for 9 year old hardware is going to hold back gaming . 
  i do n't understand how narrow a worldview one must have to argue that it does n't . 
  i never said anything about failing the battle of next gen consoles . 
  i was talking about how it appealed to me . 
  wii outsold both the 360 and ps3 despite it being a piece of crap in my eyes . 
  who knows maybe the ps4 will prosper but i 'm certainly hesitant about buying it , mostly for the controller . 
  it 's a dual shock ( which i feel is a controller of the 90s ) with two added features ( a share button and a touch screen ) neither of which do i want on my controller . 
  like i said i will try it out and see how it feels in my hand but i 'm having a hard time imagining it 'd be that much different from all the other dual shocks . 
  that 's what makes or breaks a console for me , the controller . 
  you do notice how i admitted above that i 'm a console gamer myself ? 
  i 'm not blaming anyone , i can agree on a reasonable fact without the need for you to get all defensive . 
   as if there are defunct games that would 've seen the light of day had it not been due to the very existence of console gaming market, 
  no , but the hundred of games that do get released every year would probably look better if they had been designed for hardware released in this decade . 
  it 's kinda silly how worked up you get trying to deny this fact . 
  in america they have `` double blacks '' ? 
  honestly curious , i 've been skiing all my life and never heard the term `` double black '' even though i 've gone down many wc hills . 
  because cod 's success relies on it 's astonishing graphics ? 
  who the fuck would use a condom in a relationship ? 
  one night stands of course but using a condom in a relationship sounds just . . sad . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  why not ? 
  i 've never used a condom during anal sex because i 've only had anal sex in a relationship where i know my partner does n't have any diseases . 
  why would i use a condom ? 
  yeah i 've never heard people praising cod 's graphics and actually they do change things up quite a lot each time . 
  but i can understand how the changes are n't really visible unless you 're into the games . 
  just like some people think ea sports games are the same game each year . 
  a relationship without birth control sounds terrible to be honest . 
  i understand some people have issues with the medication and those people of course have to resort to condoms but they 're a minority and the above comment to `` stop fucking without a rubber '' was meant for everybody . 
  i think the new sharing features are great . 
  i think the separate button is fucking retarded . 
  here 's why : when you 're about to share something you 'll always pause your game first . 
  you 'll never be in a hurry to quickly press the share button . 
  i like the ability to share video , but it might as well be an option in the menus leaving that button to be for something might actually require a separate button like spotting in battlefield . 
  it did n't use to . 
  on consoles at least . 
  on pc i think you can choose them separately . 
  why would that be a minimap ? 
  that 's a map . 
   a mini-map is a miniature map that is often placed at a screen corner in computer games and video games to aid players in orienting themselves within the game world . 
  i admit to using mfw without a face . 
  not on 4chan but other places or text messages or real life . 
  yeah i know . 
  i 've used the same shoes for about a year now . 
  i think i 've tied them twice . 
  28 jul 2012,
