  maybe because i 'm finnish ( nokia ) but still . 
  what i do n't get is why a 9 year old would n't need a phone . 
  even back then they had snake and ringtones . 
  now you can do all kinds of cool shit with your phone . 
  9 year old enjoy video games and youtube videos , they 're not babies . 
  also it lets parents check in on them whenever they want so it 's a win-win . 
  and having to tell them to stop fiddling with their phones few times a year is a bigger thing in your mind than being able to contact their parents or call 911 or access the wealth of information online 24/7 ? 
  nobody said anything about striking the back of the head . 
  he could 've easily hit him from the side and most mma fighters would 've . 
  good on him to keep himself restrained , though it probably helped that he was only 5 seconds into the fight and not running purely on adrenaline . 
  pretty slim , what are you gon na lose by making sure he can if he needs to ? 
  buy a cheaper phone ? 
  true , but the ref ca n't stand two inches away or he 'd interfere with the fight and sometimes it 's simply impossible to leap in the way before one or two unnecessary punches have been delivered . 
  what year is it ? 
  you 're talking like every electronics store is n't filled with phones under 100 $ ( without contract ) that can access the internet . 
  then do n't buy him the most expensive iphone on the market ? 
  but knockouts do n't only happen in one sided fights where one side is getting `` clobbered '' . 
   right , but koing someone off of one punch is n't preventable by a ref . 
  if we 're talking about someone who was obviously concussed but still on their feet . 
  it 's the ref that should attempt to jump in . 
  i was n't really talking about that . 
  i was talking about what you commonly seen in the ufc where a fighter gets knocked out while standing , falls to the ground and the attacker jumps on him to punch him with a hammerfist or the like once or twice after he 's out cold . 
  i understand they 're professionals and their careers depend on those fights . 
  they 're not going to take chances and that 's what you get when you include ground game into fighting sports , but it 's still very uncomfortable to watch . 
  i pay 9.90 $ a month for unlimited 21mbps 3g . 
  unlimited 1mbps would be 3.90 $ a month on my operator . 
  amazon ships worldwide . 
  thank god i do n't live in canada then, 
  that 's why i said i understood why they do it . 
  does n't make it any more pleasant to watch though . 
  but she does n't live-commentate . 
  she does n't even talk at all . 
  her mic is muted during the game . 
  you mean attitudes like `` let 's watch mediocre female streamers because hurr durr gurl boobs '' instead of giving those views to actual pros who deserve it ? 
  i really do n't know , this is the first i 'm hearing about her . 
  i do n't watch mediocre master/na gm streams because gurl . 
  see how the filename is `` qscyq.gif '' and op 's link is to an album named `` qscyq '' . 
  mobile reddit apps sometimes get these mixed up . 
  basically because imgur does n't really care about the file extension . 
  not really . 
  the child was still alive and ( physically ) healthy . 
  i 'd argue he 'd make a much better recovery living with his parents than watching his dad go to jail . 
  i 'm not saying i do n't agree with gary 's decision , but i get the `` why garry why ? '', 
  yeah but the guy yelling `` why garry why '' did n't know that at that point . 
  same except is today `` reddit loves seth meyers '' day ? 
  i 've never heard of him let alone knew he was hosting nbc 's late night and i 've seen three ( 3 ) clips of him on front page in the last 6 hours . 
  also in northern europe . 
  or eastern europe . 
  pretty much anywhere except english speaking countries . 
  those are some shitty webm 's . 
  i play cs : go so 120fps/120hz is a must and i understand the importance of fps . 
  i still ca n't notice a difference on that site . 
  i 'd be afraid of it overheating, 
   there were much worse incidents , i think in 2010 some fighters were intercepted in uk airspace . 
  russian fighter jets breach finnish air space basically every month . 
  it 's not even real news anymore . 
  are you implying that a nato country would react differently ? 
  yeah it 's news as in it 's reported by newspapers . 
  that 's why i said `` it 's not even ** real news ** anymore '' referring to the fact that it 's relatively low-priority news these days . 
  it 's not a front page thing . 
  it does n't prove anything but in the comment section he talks about the photos like they are real . 
  then again if you ctrl + f `` cgi '' there are 0 results which seems a bit sketchy . 
  or just was n't wearing any makeup, 
  people ( models , `` celebs '' , attention whores ) upload pics with head cut off like this on their own instagram etc. 
  all the time, 
  it 's from `` slut puppies 7 '', 
  first two results on google , idk if there 's better quality versions somewhere . 
  i 'm not saying you 're right or wrong but you could definitely use some work on your coherent output skills . 
   compare vanilla tf2 with the current version , and it 's an entirely different game . 
  i have n't played in the last 6 months but i did play several hundred hours at launch and then again in 2011-2013 and other than the cosmetics and the introduction of the separate co-op mode what 's changed ? 
  yes it has hats and crates but that 's hardly `` entirely different game '' . 
  i 'm not complaining since i loved the original game and that 's the reason i still come back to it occasionally . 
  i think it was a joke, 
  i do n't think he was complaining, 
  that might be true . 
  i just kept playing the same exact maps i always played . 
  2fort , turbine , badwater and gold rush mostly . 
  i do n't think i 've even tried mods other than ctf/payload/cp . 
  and it 's not like i purposfully went out of my way to do this , these were just the maps/modes that all the low ping servers were running . 
  i simply pick any of them with a good latency and player count . 
  you 're right it definitely has much more variety and viable playstyles than it used to . 
  but like you said these are changes to the balance of the game . 
  small little tweaks and added depth , not really `` entirely different game '' in my mind . 
  99 % of the time it 's still medics healing heavies pushing a cart until a spy stabs them both and gets burned by a pyro . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with that . 
  so ... shy, 
  you 'd rate hazard over james ? 
  interesting . 
  i agree with the point that rodriguez is n't the undisputed # 1 young player in the world , but i think you 're giving him a bit too little credit . 
  is there a vod anywhere ? 
  when you 're spreading ideas that are often labeled `` conspiracy theories '' you might want to avoid typing like a crazy homeless person rambles . 
  especially if you 're trying to promote something . 
  if you 're gon na make your own pizza why would you ruin it by using a premade crust ? 
  stole ? 
  it says `` x-post '' on the title . 
  also i do n't want to click on a link to reddit from reddit and have one extra unnecessary step just because internet karma points . 
  this is the way it should be posted . 
  blizzard is a big enough company to work on multiple games at one time . 
  yeah i imagine it looked something like [ this ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/shut_up_baby_futurama.gif ), 
  all you need is some proper ( `` 00 '' ) flour , yeast , olive oil and salt .
