  i never thought of it that way , but you 're right !, 
  that picture is 800x394, 
  but why ? 
  my grandfather fought on the side of the axis :(, 
  when i click on the link it just takes me straight to the 800x one, 
  e. actually lolwut , clicking on the thumbnail opens the flickr link with all sizes , clicking on the title name opens a pic, 
  my monitor is 2560x1440 so i doubt that 's the reason :p, 
  yeah but out of all the possible virtual interpretations they chose second life ? 
  why not something like those 3d house tours that work in your browser or google street view ? 
   the company has not made public figures for actual long-term consistent usage . 
  however , wagner james au , who blogs and writes about second life , said in april 2013 that he had it on `` good authority '' that `` second life 's actual active userbase is about 600,000 '', 
  the total number of accounts ( active or inactive , including duplicates , bots etc. 
  is 21m ) . 
  the number of people who have access to the internet varies a lot by source but it 's somewhere around 2.4 billion to 4.8 billion . 
  i 'm willing to guess most of those people use a browser of some sort . 
  yeah i know they 're pretty bad but i remember seeing those 3d house that worked just fine as early as 2004 or 2005ish . 
  it would n't really need to be more complicated than that , would it ? 
  yeah me too . 
  just yesterday i found out ( for unrelated reasons ) that the biggest newspaper of finland ( a country of 5 million people ) charges 50.000 $ for their best full-page ad spot on a sunday . 
  i realize sunday is different but new york alone has more people than finland and that newspaper is distributed around the world . 
  excitement ? 
  do you ask for his i.d ? 
  i played on vent with real friends my age so nobody cared that all of our voices were high pitched . 
  i do n't get it . 
  she wants to focus on music studies and not get pregnant ? 
  that 's all i could come up with . 
  i 'd still rather watch nbc than any of the `` local '' channels . 
  i simply ca n't stand how biased they are , even if i 'm rooting for that team myself . 
  it 's [ the eyebrows ] ( http://i.imgur.com/v5hfu33.jpg ) . 
  they generate an aura of hatred . 
  but she was supposed to be beautiful ? 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  that was great pretty much solely due to the crowd/atmosphere in the arena . 
  the announcers were mostly quiet . 
  it 's a reply to another / r/wtf post . 
  not saying that justifies it , just explaining why . 
  i loved tropico 3 & 4 but i never got into the campaign . 
  i 'd try one mission `` awww shit why ca n't i build what i want '' and go back to maximum lenght `` free roam '' or whatever it 's called . 
  not sandbox but the one without particular missions . 
  super smash bros melee came out in 2001 . 
  that 's 12 years ago . 
  it 's not a recent release . 
  i still have n't seen or heard of a functional 360/ps3 emulator on pc . 
  vanquish is amazing and underrated . 
  he 's finnish so he served as part of the finnish army on the eastern front . 
  for added confusion he 's also jewish :p, 
  you can play 1v1 custom games in a party . 
  paying customers without friends *, 
  bo1 did n't have stackable kill streaks, 
  i do n't wan na call what you 're saying dumb , just maybe ill-informed . 
  first of all cod4 was in hd . 
  it looks pretty much just like the newer ones . 
  secondly cod4 was n't that great . 
  it was amazing at the time because of innovation , but if you remade it now it would n't be innovative . 
  it would just be a cod that 's undone all the fine tweaking they 've done over the years . 
  a lot of players reminisce through rose colored glasses how cod 4 had just the right about of everything in balance and the new ones just add unnecessary gimmicks . 
  while the gimmicks part might be true cod 4 had terrible balance . 
  it was far from perfect and the games since then have only improved upon it . 
  even with the gimmicks newer cods really are n't much more complicated than cod 4 and they rarely affect the core gameplay . 
  you can still play a new cod with one of the default classes without knowing what anything does and do well in the game . 
  and once you play the game it takes an hour or two to understand everything . 
  the only difference is they 've had 5 games to balance it all out since cod4 . 
  as someone who 's played every cod since the first one in 2003 , cod 4 would n't be anything special today . 
  if you compare cod 4 on the date of launch vs bo2 on the date of launch cod4 was maybe a better game but that 's not how re-relases work . 
  cod 1 & 2 on the other hand would be pretty amazing because they do n't have the same killstreak structure that every cod has used ( and improved ) since 4 . 
  well good news for you then . 
  the mw2 developers ( the guys who also made cod 1 , 2 and 4 ) have n't made a game since mw2 . 
  treyarch ( completely another company ) makes every other cod and ironically the better ones . 
  the rest are made by `` iw '' which is only iw by name , majority of the staff including all the lead designers are replaced by activision . 
  mw3 and black ops 2 redid the `` kill streaks '' completely . 
  they 're not even kill streaks anymore , they 're point streaks ( which is good ) . 
  now you can play a more objective focused playstyle and not get punished for it . 
  in mw3 you could even choose to give up `` streaks '' completely and instead have a system where you do n't lose your score when you die , but all the rewards you get benefit your team instead of getting you kills . 
  or not have either but instead be rewarded extra perks if you get a kill streak . 
  i like the current systems a lot more as they cater to many different playstyles . 
  i googled this question and this thread was the first result ... 
  did aoe 2 hd completely suck ? 
  i heard all the hype and after release absolutely nothing . 
  i even tried googling it and only found a few reviews and some forum posts about bugs in matchmaking , but overall close to nothing . 
  my standards have gone up since 1999, 
  me too . 
  i did n't look up anything or even realize there was another way . 
  yeah it was pretty much shit . 
  i did spend 100 hours playing it so it sounds picky and stupid but i really did n't think it was a good game . 
  way too shallow and nothing you did seemed to have any consequenses . 
  not to mention the economy was totally broken . 
  thinking back i have no fucking clue how i spent 100 hours in it since i did n't get very far nor did i particulary enjoy it . 
  a board that 's specifically for porn has porn on it ? 
  ca n't be . 
  why would they both have to be on the same day ? 
  i 'm not saying they should , just that having lol there does n't mean sc2 could n't . 
  yeah . 
  that 's why cyanide and happiness is usually referred to as cy & h. 
  it 's also probably a pretty common mistake . 
  he looks like he 's been doing that for quite some time . 
  while in this context it 's much less i can certainly see why it 'd be insulting to be mistaken for a mentally handicapped person . 
  saying that is n't politically incorrect . 
  `` here 's a good subreddit that might come handy for you '' ! = `` gtfo this is the wrong subreddit !!! '', 
  how could you not think it 's an insult ? 
  being mentally handicapped by definition means your brain is somehow impaired .
