   well , if you put protip in front of something that is common sense , you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  but ... that 's the point of protip ? 
   it just seems like gta v is losing it 's relevance , and by the time they release it , people will have moved to other bigger things . 
  maybe they realized this as well and that 's why they are waiting until pc release to release the heists ? 
  they 're going to be advertising the game then anyway , the console versions will probably go on sale etc. 
  good time to release new content to the game . 
  yeah but that 's why we play 15 rounds on both sides . 
  i do n't see a reason for removing it . 
  do you even understand how time zones work ? 
   when you win and you well played first it 's simply rubbing salt in the wound . 
  lol, 
  saying `` gg '' after a game is a tradition in online games . 
  i remember it going as far back as the 90s , but it can be even older . 
  there is no way to say `` gg '' in hearthstone and `` well played '' is the closest equivelant . 
  i say it after every game , as long as i 'm not super pissed at something else , just like i would in any other game . 
  though i 'm kinda glad to see there are this many people who rage over something as simple as `` gg '' . 
  all the better for me if my opponents get disctracted by little things i guess . 
  of course we wont . 
  it 's a f2p game . 
  having a chatbox would just result in endless spam bots . 
  that 's the whole reason for the emotes in the first place . 
  but the video is clearly encoded ( badly ) so not every theoretical pixel is an actual individual pixel . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're gon na have to go through each frame manually to get the final answer . 
  both parties saying gg is . 
  in games like starcraft you do it as you surrender and the game automatically throws you out of the game and that 's why the winner does n't ( = ca n't ) reply . 
  sometimes the player wo n't quit right away and in those cases you often see the opponent responding . 
  in counter-strike you have all the time in the world after a match , so typically everyone just types `` gg '' in chat with no order . 
  it 's not bm if the first player to say gg was one of the winners . 
  in fact it happens more often than not . 
  in hearthstone you have very little time after the game , especially if you win . 
  that 's why people often say it before the final blow . 
  i agree often the loser initiates it , but again that is in games where you have more than 1 second after the match . 
  if you waited for the loser to a. know he 's lost b. press that shitty emote thingy it 'd likely already be too late to respond . 
  i honestly do n't give a shit if some people consider it bm or even get upset from it . 
  like i said it 's all the better for me if people ( = opponents ) get distracted by small things . 
  people often say `` well played '' to me after a tight game and i take it as a compliment . 
  if i had to guess i 'd say my way of reacting to it is better for your mental health and overall happiness . 
  this picture was probably taken using zoom or photoshop as well . 
  this is not how a rolling shutter ( which basically any smartphones use ) would record you dropping a phone on a keyboard . 
  yeah but there 's no zoom effect on that . 
  also there is n't a clear `` direction '' like in op 's pic . 
  there 's ghosting , but was n't the reason people were calling bullshit . 
  people are n't doubting that you can take long exposure shots of keyboards and have the same key visible multiple times , they 're doubting a phone camera would capture such a uniform pattern while falling . 
  see : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rolling_shutter, 
  i am that foretold 4chan user . 
  ama . 
  how do you know ? 
  you 're the only one making assumptions here , at least the people yelling `` hurr durr women '' have * something * to base it on . 
  even something is better than nothing . 
  but , but . . equality . 
  and wealth disparity . 
  and other smart sounding words we do n't quite understand . 
   the superintendent also said that the school does n't have the money to renovate the girls ' bleachers . 
  the boys bleachers were funded by the parents , because people actually care about men playing sports . 
  i was rank 1 in bronze for months . 
  seriously it took me about 250 games to get to silver from bronze top8 . 
  after that it took me less than 10 games to get to gold . 
  it 's really strange how the promotions work sometimes . 
  well he did effectively kill himself . 
  saying that is n't suicide is like saying poisoning yourself is n't killing yourself because it 's the poison that kills you . 
  some people ca n't handle the truth, 
  i can play whichever role you want me to, 
  you can sell accounts , that 's what the bots are doing right now . 
  selling botted empty accounts with nothing but hearthstone and a shitload of gold/packs on them . 
  that 's the entire reason for the 100g a day limit . 
  at least now they ca n't advertise in-game . 
  is she asian ? 
  she looks kinda asian . 
  it 's so rare you find good uncensored asian porn . 
  and i do n't mean half-asians like asa akira or something . 
  e. apparently it 's anissa kate, 
  i had n't seen that guy since 2fast2furious . 
  did n't know he was ( trying to be ) still relevant . 
  he was in 2 , 5 and 6, 
  i did n't even remember he was in the newer ones though i 've seen them, 
  no he was n't , at least according to imdb, 
  i do . 
  i enjoy them . 
  they 're not supposed to be smart , they 're action movies . 
  just like in the 80s we had movies like rambo ( 2 and 3 ) or commando etc. 
  i enjoyed those too but because they 're older people consider them classics at least to a certain degree . 
  the f&f movies are this millenias equivelant to those . 
  wait , this is pre-surgery ? 
  source ? 
  is there more ? 
   my first character took 68 hours to finish the game, 
  should i feel bad that i 'm at nearly 100 hrs and i just got into the big building in anor londo, 
  my internet went from 100 $ 1mbps ( 2000 ) to 45 $ 24mbps ( 2006ish ) without me doing a thing . 
  that was nice . 
  then i switched to a different isp 's 100mbps in 2008 which was 34.90 $, 
  now i only pay 9.90 $ for 100mbps though i did move to a different city between the two . 
  i ca n't be the only one who 's glad hockey does n't look like this anymore . 
  i could n't enjoy hockey if i was worrying for the players ' lives every moment . 
  yeah in my defense i am playing pretty much blind . 
  i did read about basic concepts like humanity before starting the game but other than that i do n't have a clue what i 'm supposed to do or where i 'm supposed to go . 
  it 's great when you find totally new areas ( by accident ) you did n't even expect to be there . 
  i went through the entire blog ( yeah i know ) and could n't find it . 
  was it deleted ? 
  unless you mean the porn folder , but that 's just random pictures from the web ( i did n't look through that ) . 
  it 's an okay game .
