  at that point the decision to wash the sheets is the same whether or not they had sex in it . 
  there 's nothing he can do about not knowing right away . 
  sex or not does n't influence his decisions in any way . 
  what the fuck does that matter ? 
  he found out . 
  there 's nothing he can do about the time he spent in those dirty sheets before knowing . 
  after he found out someone slept in his bed he should wash the sheets whether there was sex or not . 
  so the sex is completely irrelevant . 
  answering to three or four reddit comments ( now five ) is an extremely taxing operation i had to fully commit to . 
  there is no situation in which a one-night stand is acceptable . 
  the only people who claim so are pathetic pushovers and/or do n't think they have a chance to find a new partner of his/her level . 
   bodily fluids which could potentially carry disease, 
  people sweat and drool when sleeping anyway , which is why i 'd change the sheets regardless of if there was sex . 
  well actually i had a very straight line of thought that i never deviated from , but if that 's gon na make you feel better for winning an internet argument then good for you . 
  people who 've never watched the sport before and see it advertised as `` fifa world cup '' probably . 
  i 'm not sure who is being serious and who 's sarcastic in this thread anymore, 
  i still do n't like steam , but i dont mind using it . 
  definitely a step up though as i used to deeply hate it . 
  soccer is totally fine , it 's another name for the sport . 
  `` watching fifa '' would be like watching the olympics and saying `` i 'm watching ioc '' . 
  though i understand why football has them , if you 've ever seen an overtime football game it gets pretty ridiculous towards the end . 
  that 's what you get for having limited substitutions . 
  battlefield was n't a huge name back then . 
  it was popular , but it was n't a cash cow yet . 
  publishers squeezing every last penny from their big names is nothing new , it 's happened since at least nes . 
  i 'd argue times have stayed the same , battlefield 's role has just changed . 
  yearly releases is a new phenomenon , you 're right . 
  but there definitely were underdeveloped sequels released purely to rake in cash with their name . 
  probably yes . 
  i know i 'm not touching the beta though i backed it all the way in kickstarter and have access if i wanted . 
  they pay people to do video game testing . 
  i 'm not gon na do it for free especially if it 's a game i 'm actually waiting to play . 
  like yatzhee said `` exclusive beta let 's you experience a game at it 's worst '' . 
  get paper mario thousand year door and harvest moon a wonderful life, 
  viewtiful joe was great too . 
  that was pretty much the epitome of constructive criticism, 
  by that logic there is nothing that warrants a lifetime ban . 
  there are plenty of things that warrant a lifetime ban . 
  a habit of biting players is one of them in my opinion . 
  that 's simply not something a sane person does . 
  he must be completely crazy , but just good enough to kick a ball that he can still get a job as a professional footballer despite that . 
  i think he should be commited to an institution . 
  this `` heat of the moment '' bullshit is the stupidest explanation i 've heard , yet there 's someone that posts it everywhere where this is discussed . 
  a sane person does n't repeatedly bite others because of `` heat of the moment '' . 
  professional athletes have been around for a long time and there 's a whole lot of them . 
  how many biting incidents do you know of ? 
  i know three and i follow all kinds of sports very actively . 
  no matter how `` stressful of a situation '' or `` in the moment '' a sane person wo n't bite someone . 
  a crazy person or a retarded person with no understanding of social rules but who just happens to be good enough at a sport to make a living out of it might do so . 
  this guy should be banned , not just from this tournament but from any fifa league . 
  if not for life then at least a year or two . 
  he needs to be commited to a mental asylum , pro footballer or not . 
  i do n't feel like this `` emotions getting the best of '' is even a legit defense . 
  pepe 's headbutt or zidanes headbutt a few years ago or some of the kung fu kicks and elbows we 've seen are `` emotions getting the best of you '' moments . 
  though violent headbutting and kicking and shoving are generally accepted to a certain degree in the modern human civilization . 
  biting is not . 
  you simply do n't bite anyone unless it 's a life threatning situation and it 's your last hope . 
  a mentally sound person does n't bite others even once ( let alone three times ) no matter how intense or stressful the situation is . 
  matt cooke is nowhere close . 
  matt cooke has a history of dirty and dangerous hits but they 're still body checks . 
  they resemble something that is a part of the game , just done recklessly . 
  it 's the equivelant of a dirty sliding tackle . 
  biting is just . . well it 's out of the question . 
  it 's not something you ever do . 
  there 's no clean way to bite another player . 
  exactly . 
  also headbutting is a somewhat normal thing for a person to do if they get mad and have some anger management issues . 
  it 's the kind of `` heat of the moment emotions got the best of you '' thing that 's used as a defense in this thread as well except in zidane 's case the defense actually works . 
  biting is not something a sane person considers doing no matter what the situation . 
  `` i was so angry i wanted to punch him '' is a relatively common sentence . 
  `` i got so mad i wanted to bite him '' is n't . 
  banned for 2 games for his third biting incident in an internationally broadcasted game ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  2 years seems more reasonable . 
  when 's the last time you bit somebody ? 
  that 's effectively one season . 
  i 'd be fine with 1 season but nothing less . 
  roy keane is in no way comparable . 
  yes it was an extremely dirty tackle but it was still a football tackle . 
  tackles are a part of the game . 
  kicking fans or biting people are n't . 
  he should 've got a longer suspension than he did and admitting it was intentional was just stupid , but it 's nothing like the other two incidents mentioned here . 
  as for the `` ending their career '' i watch a lot of ice hockey myself where hard contacts are more commonplace than in football and if there 's one thing i believe it 's that punishments should n't be handed out based on the outcome or the severity of the injury . 
  only the action by the player matters and i feel it 's the same in football . 
  had h\u00e5land made a complete recovery keane still would 've deserved the full punishment . 
  the same way not making a recovery does n't make the actions he commited on the field any more severe . 
  chiellini was n't injured by the bite , that does n't make the action of biting any more acceptible . 
  i 'm serious , have you ever bitten anybody ? 
  i know i have n't . 
  i do n't know anybody who 's bitten anyone at least to my knowledge , neither do i know anyone who 's been bitten . 
  it 's not something people do . 
  on the field or off the field . 
  yeah the on the next episode or on this episode segments sum it up perfectly . 
  in the u.s version they never even mention the food . 
  it 's always, 
  `` watch as we uncover the horrible secrets that have made this floridian couple lose interest in working together !!, 
  the business is failing , and so is their marriage !!!, 
  chef ramsay has only one week to fix the issues this family is having , but how can he handle the constant fighting in the kichen !?!? '', 
  if you pay attention you might see one or two shots of the food , not including the `` ramsay 's renovated modern bistro cuisine '' menu that 's basically a 5 minute ad for his latest cookbook . 
  idk about that but there 's a torrent on tvt,
