  i do n't care if `` the intentions were good '' . 
  it should n't be too hard to teach about the civil war , segregation , race riots , white flight , lynching and vigilante ` justice ' , civil rights struggles and their significant , noticeable impact on american society without some lame gimmick like black history month . 
  oh me too , that 's why i do n't smoke indoors . 
  but the bedroom is the most sacred . 
  i could see myself allowing smoking in the living room if i was having a party or something but never in the bedroom . 
  luckily apartments have saunas where i live . 
  sauna is the perfect place to rip a bong . 
  3 doors between it and the living room , 5 doors to the stairwell . 
  the ventilation is designed to carry away the smell of sweat in 100c so you can really feel the air moving and it takes like 10secs to make it airproof ( the sauna has both it 's own air intake and out . . 
  put ? ) . 
  you can sit in the living room or even go to the bathroom the sauna is connected to and you wo n't smell it . 
  loving it . 
  no i 've actually never heated up my sauna . 
  it 's just a bong smoking room . 
  oh no i 'd never go to a hot sauna high , sounds extremely unpleasant . 
  all stallone movies belong in the `` so good it 's good '' thread . 
  then there 's probably something wrong with you, 
  this is exactly how i watch movies . 
  i enjoy them a lot . 
  people who watch them with me do n't however . 
  as a computer science student i 'm offended . 
  and you 're probably correct . 
  i imagine all these posts having 0 comments . 
  i was like 20 when i saw it for the first time and absolutely loved it, 
  that was a very good analysis . 
  i agree with you 100 %, 
  actors are n't just better or worse than each other , some are better suited for certain roles . 
  while i would say will smith is a better actor than keanu reeves when comparing their entire filmographys reeves is infinitely better suited for the role of neo . 
  i 'm used to saunas but being high and in a sauna sounds very ... well i 'm not sure how to make an adjective out of the word anxiety but if i did then that would be the word i 'd use . 
  except if it was like a 60-70c mild sauna , that could be nice . 
  now going to a sauna and then toking afterwards while still feeling all relaxed and warm inside is a whole other story . 
   before anything higher than 480p was common . 
  meh i remember when you had to add & fmt = 18 in the url to make 480p available . 
  that shit looked crazy hq . 
  i looked up the word alliteration like 4 days ago . 
  since then i 've seen it multiple times every day . 
  it 's getting weird . 
   penn 's got a real bad case of smug, 
  i think anyone who 's ever seen more than 15 seconds of penn & teller knows this . 
  they 're bigger than bill nye though . 
  my experience with bill nye is purely from reddit . 
  it seems americans know him but no one else has a clue who this guy is . 
  mythbusters is known worldwide . 
  ... in america . 
  america has retarded age of constent laws compared to the rest of the world . 
  it 's both funny and interesting how easy it is to tell your gender by this comment . 
  beds are n't that old though . 
  i know i was late to the minecraft party ( as in it was already a phenomenon with million ( s ? ), 
  of sales and beds did n't exist when i started playing . 
   it 's not exactly fair that when we follow our interests it leads to highly in demand careers and when you do it 's a struggle to stand out , all as a quirk of the time period we live in . 
  i do n't really agree with what you 're saying . 
  i did n't pick computer science because it was my one and only interest . 
  i picked it because it was the only subject which was both remotely interesting and it 's relatively easy to find employment . 
  i also like literature and art and ice cream but i did n't decide studying any of those since because of the second part . 
  thanks for that link . 
  this has always been blowing my mind , i 'm glad to learn there 's a name for it . 
  laws do n't care where you 're from . 
  only where you are when the penis enters the vagina . 
  so in this context is elton john supposed to be a good thing or a bad thing ? 
  so ryan renyolds is good then ? 
  i 'm getting better at this using male celebrities ' names as adjectives thing . 
  you think seth macfarlane draws family guy ? 
  but yes , this is one of those few rule34 pics that actually copies the art style succesfully . 
  which is nice . 
  just because you say something stupid does n't mean it 's sarcastic and even if you are being sarcastic it does n't mean you have to be upvoted . 
  rainbow six did the same thing before it got raped by the shitty vegas titles . 
  iirc black ops had the lmg variant, 
  the problem with charities though is the issues they help with . 
  something sexy like cancer or starving children ? 
  billions . 
  something like `` having more books in our local library '' or `` let 's make sure our children have required resources for a good education '' do n't work nearly as well as charities and that 's why we have taxes . 
  the vegas games were ok . 
  they were decent brains to the wall shooters . 
  i did n't hate them , they did what was expected of them in that genre but they were nothing like the `` real '' rainbow sixes . 
  raven shield will always be my favourite game , and i also played it for the multiplayer and co-op ( despite replaying the campaign every few years ) . 
  this is n't to penalize overweight people . 
  it 's to pay for extra weight . 
  it 's not a health thing or about being aesthetically pleasing . 
  like the article said `` a kilo is a kilo '' , nobody cares if it 's from being tall or wide . 
  how is this `` no shit that 's the joke '' answer voted higher than the `` i know what you 're expecting but instead here 's a silly serious answer '' comment ? 
  this is the kind of post i 'd expect to have negative points . 
   i love girls !, 
  they 're awesome !, 
  i 'd love to work with girls, 
  and now you understand why us men studying a major with mostly male students enjoy it . 
  men are awesome , i love working with men . 
  men do n't laugh like that . 
  it would be just as annoying if they did , but they do n't . 
  well you know he does have a point after all . 
  there are still many active bbs 's . 
  i 'm pretty sure making the april fools joke activate based on the users time zone would n't really be that complicated . 
  i mean it 'd maybe require 5 minutes of coding that some people might find complicated but compared to making the entire joke or just simply maintaining a site with millions of users it 's not complicated . 
  yeah because it 's not like we possess the technology to tell which time zone the user is browsing from . 
  crime rate ? 
  guns ? 
  poverty ? 
  there are a lot of things other than people 's customs that can change when you cross that border . 
  yeah but if there 's a group project or whatever and you 're randomly assigned there 's a guarantee you get to work with other men . 
  wow i would 've thought they 'd make zajac captain if not elias but salvador ? 
  then again captaincy has a lot to do with off-ice personality and stuff you do n't really see on tv .
