  i do n't want the entire game to be designed around getting you to pay them small amounts here and there , and that 's what happens when you make a f2p game . 
  developing and maintaining games is never free , so they must get money one way or another . 
  i prefer the one where gameplay is designed with only fun and customer satisfaction in mind . 
  when you make a f2p game everything boils down to `` how can this be used to fund our project '' . 
   lots of people have been protesting about it , even though what they 're doing is endorsing illegal things . 
  because illegal = bad , right ? 
  so . . you should n't do something if it 's illegal ? 
  even if you do n't think it 's a morally wrong thing to do ? 
  is this what you actually believe ? 
  what ? 
  are you being serious right now ? 
  i realize some people actually think this way , but to say it can not even be debated ? 
  you edited some shit about marijuana in your post . 
  i did n't even bother reading them as i 'm not an idiot and i do realize any intoxicant can be abused and cause problems . 
  however is n't the issue here that cannabis can cause you to lose motor control etc. 
  and not the fact that it 's illegal ? 
  those people did n't get into accidents because of the legality of cannabis . 
  your logic is still `` everything illegal is automatically bad because there are some things that are both bad and illegal '' . 
  it 's simply not a valid train of thought . 
   people do n't want to hear the reasons why things are illegal , they just want to hear why they are n't legal . 
  that 's the exactly same thing . 
   because things are illegal for a reason ? 
  yes , usually for financial reasons . 
  the alcohol industry is huge with tons of money for lobbying . 
  to be honest i think the 2nd one on the bottom is the only one that even looks unappetizing . 
  the others look like leftovers in a tupperware container . 
  i 'd gladly eat them . 
  the xbox monitor . 
  it has n't been `` fixed '' and it never was that difficult . 
  some people just did n't understand that keeping up to the train was n't good enough ( the mission failed message probably did n't help either ) but you actually had to position yourself in a way that smoke has a `` clear shot '' . 
  it 's pretty easy if you do it right . 
  it 's not a coincidence . 
  too bad that site does n't list sources because i remember reading an interview where they admitted it . 
  that 's the joke ? 
  yeah but they did n't really use all that landscape . 
  i played it through again about a year ago and i did n't remember how little of san fierro or las venturas you actually see playing the story . 
  of course fucking around on your own has always been a big part of gta but they still could 've used that world a lot better . 
  gta v is to gta iv what san andreas was to gta3, 
   sa introduced too many rpg elements that i hated ( eating , having to work out to maintain weight ), 
  that 's a pretty pointless complaint . 
  you could completely ignore the `` rpg elements '' if you wanted to . 
  the only one that mattered was stamina which you built up by running , something you naturally did anyway . 
  you could go to a clukin bell and eat until your character got fat if you wanted to , but if you did n't there was no `` maintenance '' you had to do . 
  the character did n't get fat on his own . 
  is n't flash supposed to be super fast ? 
  and everyone was always faster than ryder ? 
  thus flash in the picture . 
  cj is basically an incredibly fast superhero compared to ryder . 
  this is no mod , it 's a photoshop because cj is like flash compared to ryder . 
  i just ca n't see the humour in it . 
  to me it feels like a bunch of kids who were bullied at school taking their anger and frustration out on people who are desperate enough to do shitty low budget porn . 
  calling an ugly woman ugly or a fat woman fat is not `` trolling '' nor is it especially funny . 
  i can feel your butt hurt all the way over here, 
   i 'm not on food stamps and i rarely ever get these things because it does n't fit in my budget . 
  maybe you should be then ? 
  try changing the dns to 10.0.0.2 or something like that . 
  i had a similiar issue as you while sharing my internet from my laptop to the xbox and that fixed it . 
  but then your history wo n't save all those glorious videos for later use . 
  i have my own computer . 
  well first of all it 's my personal computer so obviously i 've set it up in a way that removes all facebook like buttons and other social media shit from any page . 
  secondly it was more of a comment to `` private mode '' use . 
  i 'm not 13 and using the family computer so it does n't really matter what my browsing history includes . 
  probably either the graphics card or the hdmi-cable/port . 
  try using a different cable in a different slot on your tv or even the component cable just to make sure that 's not the issue . 
  i 'd say 70/30 it 's the graphics card but fixing a broken cable is much easier so if i was you i 'd make sure that 's not the problem before starting to work on the graphics card ( it 's best you send it to a professional if that 's the case ) . 
  but they still have ragdolls for explosions etc do n't they ? 
  i do n't need it to be 100 % perfectly synced , just so that it shows correctly on my screen . 
  it 's not something i 'd want to separately start single player for but often i come across spots that 'd be perfect for jumping . 
  any time i got that i did n't lose anything , i just pressed it once or twice again until it worked . 
  glad to hear that helped , it might still be a problem with the console though, 
  yeah but there 's a difference between laughing at a stupid joke and getting dressed and leaving immidiately with no explanation . 
  i did n't really get that part . 
  is n't `` dating '' something you do before you can call a woman your girlfriend ? 
  when you 're in a relationship it 's not a date anymore , you 're just going out to eat or spending time together or whatever . 
  have you ever been on 4chan ? 
  i mean actual 4chan , not r/4chan . 
  what does it say right there on top of / b / ? 
   the stories and information posted here are artistic works of fiction and falsehood . 
   only a fool would take anything posted here as fact . 
  i 've never heard of anyone referring to eating out with your so a `` date '' . 
  it 's eating out . 
  or going to a movie . 
  or taking a walk . 
  dating is what you do before a relationship . 
   dating is a form of courtship consisting of social activities done by two people with the aim of each assessing the other 's suitability as a partner . 
  when you 're in a relationship you 've already decided that he or she is a suitable partner . 
  or maybe you 're the kind of guy who calls any girl who agrees to grab lunch together their `` girlfriend '' . 
  maybe in the same way some people get `` remarried '' to kindle their lost passion or some shit but i stand by my assessment that dating is what people do before a relationship . 
  maybe it 's a regional difference in the use of the word , i do n't know . 
  also calling everyone who does n't agree with you autistic only makes you look like an assburger yourself . 
  i 'm sorry for being skeptic but i really must take any comments from a guy who calls testing the ps4 `` an honor '' with a pinch of salt . 
  nothing personal , just not entirely convinced you were being totally objective . 
  it can be annoying as well . 
  a car that 's crumpled like a raising with all the tires shot out and windows broken is usually around $ 350-400, 
  a car with minor damage to the bumper and a broken window is usually around $ 300 . 
  depends on the definition of `` afford '' . 
  yes you probably have the fuel to get all those planes in the air and the ammunition stockpiles to fire the weapons but at what cost ? 
  i could take out $ 50,000 in credit , buy a corvette , go broke and live in a cardboard box and i would n't say i can afford a corvette . 
   to be fair a few of these problems are n't so bad , like download speeds . 
  that was just the norm back then so it did n't seem as bad as it would be if we time-traveled back now .
