  well that 's just terrible . 
  i 'm sorry for you . 
  torrentleech, 
  i think you a word, 
  why was there poop on her chest ? 
  based on what i 've learnt on reddit i wish that was my mom, 
  lol, 
  yea i 'd never use an `` open '' torrent tracker . 
  if you are able to keep a good ratio i can give you an invite but are you ? 
  when i started i played 20 games as terran without a single win , switched to protoss and managed to win a game after like five losses . 
  it 's totally normal . 
  i did switch back to terran later on and do just fine in diamond . 
  just keep building workers , keep your money low ( build units ) and the rest will come with time . 
  not sure if i understood this correctly but could n't you just press backspace-equals-equals-backspace-equals-equals and get it done on one cycle ? 
  i was waiting for the camera to pan into some guy being all grumpy, 
  i do n't understand the no context tag at all . 
  or especially the need for it . 
   what else would you suggest ? 
  why does every post need a tag ? 
  sure pm me your email you want the invite sent to, 
  cannabis is not a career specific term or an acronym, 
  could be true . 
  it 's not like it 's hard to get weed or prostitutes in amsterdam as both are legal and out in the open . 
  this is like a story if an amerifag buying a bottle of booze and then taking a cab home . 
  weed and pussy are services you can buy like any other . 
  and the girls that make it to the windows are ridiculously hot . 
  you and the other 98 % of fifa players, 
  while you 're right about this probably not passing this part was incorrect : `` no , sweden is n't a feminazi-third reich '' . 
  because i 've lived there, 
  had it coming . 
  yes because the death penalty is the correct punishment for trespassing and an assault . 
  i feel like this is one of those people who try to make things as difficult as possible for everybody . 
  he was probably hoping for this to happen so he could put it on youtube and circlejerk with his anti-cop buddies . 
  yes , the police had no right to enter his house , i wo n't deny that . 
  but he was also an asshole not coming out and having a civil conversation with them . 
  i do n't give a shit if it 's his right not to , it 's still a dick thing to do and disrespectful . 
  i have a feeling this is n't the first time these officers encountered him . 
  so to sum it up , did those police officers overstep their boundaries ? 
  yes and there should be consequenses . 
  did the guy deserve to get tazed ? 
  more likely than not . 
  the point of rights is that these police will ( = should ) be punished for their actions . 
  does n't mean the guy did n't deserve to get tazed . 
  deserving it and it being legal are two very separate things . 
  but about entering the house . 
  i just rewatched the video and focused on the dialogue . 
  from what i understood they had got a call from the neighbours that the children were being beaten and they refused to show the police the child or come outside . 
  i have no issue with police entering the premises using force if necessary in a situation like that . 
  domestic violence can also mean beating your kids . 
  the police seemed to be more worried about the children than his wife and they were asking for the child to come out . 
  just because they both said the kids are ok does n't mean they are . 
  i have no issue with the police checking up on the wellbeing of the child in a situation like this , martial law or not . 
  some of us do n't base our morals on laws . 
  i never said the police who broke his rights had the law on their side when they decided to break in . 
  i just said the guy had it coming . 
  two very different things . 
  and after reviewing the video and the article more thoroughly i believe the officers were concerned about the well-being of a child after getting a call from the neighbours about them being beaten . 
  in a situation like that i have no issue with the police breaking down the door if the person refuses to come out or at least show them the children . 
  because it was a domestic disturbance call and they kept asking about the children . 
  i know things can sometimes be hard to understand if they 're not written in huge glowing letters but you could try doing some deductive reasoning . 
   the law does n't give a shit about your morals or whether the guy `` had it coming . '', 
  it 's whether or not it was legal . 
  why do you insist that this man is an asshole for exercising his basic rights ? 
  which is why i did n't say `` it was legal for the cops to taze him '' i said `` he had it coming '' . 
  i never once claimed it was a lawful thing to do , yet you 're mentioning laws in every other sentence . 
   i 'm mentioning the law because it supersedes whether or not the guy had it coming . 
  no it does n't . 
  i 'm noticing that in your mind whether or not a person abides by the law automatically determines if they 're in the right or not . 
  am i correct in my assumption ? 
  i do n't share this view of the world . 
   legally , laws , law , law, 
  why is this so hard for you to understand ? 
  in my very first comment ( and several ones after that ) i stated that the police should suffer consequences for their actions since they are paid to uphold the ** law ** , not their morals . 
  however that has absolutely zero effect on my stand that the guy had it coming . 
  are you seriously unable to distinguish these two concepts from one another ? 
  i believe a person living within a society should act like a member of a society . 
  if someone else feels they have a valid reason to talk to you outside your front door it 's only common courtesy to engage them in a conversation . 
  whether or not they carry a badge does n't change a thing . 
  regardless of if there 's a right saying you do n't have to . 
  like i said before , his rights are why the police should suffer consequences . 
  his behaviour is why he deserved to get tazed . 
  i never said that . 
  you were asking for my perspective , not the society 's . 
  i did n't set his rights , thus i do n't have this dilemma . 
  nicotine does n't cause lung cancer . 
  smoking does . 
  the way he refused to engage in a civil conversation with the officers . 
  the rules the society has set do n't determine whether or not someone is an asshole in my eyes . 
  when it comes to the society 's point of view i believe it 's the same as the laws the society has set . 
  in the eyes of the society he was in the right , which is why since the start i 've been saying the officers ' actions should be investigated and there should be consequences if necessary . 
  i believe the second half is reversed . 
  basically any gif can be `` perfectly looped '' with zero effort that way . 
  yeah but the chances of my relatives using my computer vs. the chances of me wanting to find that one video i saw that time ... 
  who has ever called idra a baller ? 
  yes traditionally the loser is the one who initiates the handshake but nevertheless refusing a hand shake is like ten times douchier than offering one as the winner . 
  starcraft is a video game . 
  it 's not . 
  at least swedish culture . 
  why did you think they were related ? 
  that the fee was to support the msp system ?
