  but the biomes even right around my spawn were nothing like i 've seen before , so i probably had n't traveled around at all . 
  i 'll have to try that link though . 
  last time i prestiged this happened except 7xp, 
  haha where i live there is n't a single isp with limits . 
  i download more than 10gb a day easily ( 110m connection ), 
  it 's not baffling . 
  he was just saying that the rest of the world is n't used to it . 
  i remember i had to be explained this . 
  i ca n't understand how they brought back some horrible bugs though . 
  like the hyper-speed dive . 
  you can literaly dive from the center of the ice to the end way faster than a player can skate . 
  shit sucks . 
  turns out it was 0 . 
  thanks , 
  yeah me too . 
  i usually get out of bed around 15-18 if i was out drinking last night . 
  i ca n't understand people who wake up early hung over . 
  america fights in more wars than probably any other country and none of those wars have been on their own soil since the american revolutionary war . 
  you have to wonder if these two things are related . 
  rest of the world understands that war always means innocent civilians dying . 
  to the american general public it means uso shows and bitching about taxes and whatnot . 
  this is n't 1490 . 
  most countries do n't have `` hostile countries '' at all anymore . 
  kalevala is a collection of all the most commonly known folk tales . 
  i do n't even know any others . 
  there are ads on youtube ? 
  i had a friend in middle school who could seriously bend his thumb backwards so that the nail touched the base of the finger . 
  the joint or whatever it 's called . 
  shit was crazy . 
  yeah and besides dinosaurs are extinct, 
  i think the problem is they 're religious, 
  i shit faster than most people pee . 
  my smartphone would n't even load a single in the time i 'm finished . 
  i once tried to read a comic book but only managed to have time for two frames . 
  you are correct, 
  yeah me too if the achievements are fun and challenging like `` score 7 headshots in a row '' or something , but i ca n't understand hunting achievements simply for the sake of gamerscore . 
  who cares ? 
  i 'm not getting upset at anyone . 
  i just think it 's retarded and ca n't understand the appeal . 
  big difference . 
  i wo n't come and rip the controller out of your hand . 
  mile high on veteran ? 
  as someone who has n't smoked salvia for over a year and has always wanted to try dmt i 'm fucking jelly, 
  i do n't understand how you can say such things and then end it with `` fuck salvia '' . 
  you need to relax more, 
  i 've done just fine with a regular butane lighter, 
  i think this happens to me every time i smoke salvia . 
  for about 10 seconds . 
  `` i wonder if it 's gon na kick i. ... whhhoooaa '', 
  it 's not . 
  it 's one of the strongest hallucinogens out there . 
  the effects are just really short ( which is a good thing ) . 
  that being said it is awesome , just do n't do it alone or with someone who tends to be a drama queen . 
  and in a relaxed setting ( no parents coming home in 30 minutes etc ), 
  probably the most fucked up salvia trip i 've had was after i smoked from a bong on the balcony of a friends house . 
  when i returned inside everything was yellow . 
  and i do n't mean tinted yellow but the walls bere bright yellow and plasticy play-doh like and there were no furniture and the whole house was like a maze from which i had to escape . 
  it felt like a nightmare , i totally forgot i had smoked anything . 
  i ran around for about a minute trying to get out after which i found the door to the balcony ( just a doorway to darkness ) where i just laid on the floor until i came down . 
  shit was intense . 
  the best ones are where everything looks like 2d objects from a puppet theater background or something and you can make stuff fall and rise by turning your head . 
  i 've done it dozens of times . 
  i think it 's you who 's not doing it right . 
  jokes are made to be told once and then just vanish, 
  i 've never taken more than one hit per trip . 
  you just have to hold it in for almost 30 seconds . 
  those are all already reserved for really high people, 
  i always thought the sidekick was gay, 
  this used to be my ringtone too with the '' ! '', 
  sound for sms 's, 
  not to mention a war hero . 
  and a national icon . 
  and former college football star . 
  it 's not . 
  that 's the point . 
   those little masturbator toys, 
  are you referencing to something in particular or just generally ? 
   when they are just as important as each other, 
  no they are n't . 
  you need languages for everything . 
  you only need ( advanced ) math if you choose to specialize in something like that . 
  and i like math so it 's not even that, 
  use a condom while fucking a toy home alone ? 
  wtf . 
  i do n't even use one with real women , ruins the pleasure . 
  i 'm an atheist and have always been but the first thing i did after signing up was remove r/atheism, 
  i hate religions and pity religious people . 
  works out just fine . 
  so my gaydar is working !, 
  do n't forget polar bears, 
  the kind made especially for `` red or itchy eyes '' . 
  best ones i 've tried . 
  there 's nothing more annoying than auto-updating into buggy shit . 
  and it 's also pretty awesome to get an anticipated update a bit early even with bugs , 
  tbh i think mojang handled 1.8 perfectly ( at least so far ), 
  haha i too had a polar bear pup as a kid but it grew too big so we had to set it wild in lapland, 
  too bad i prolly live on the other side of the world, 
  i think being on a mountain narrows it down pretty much, 
  it 's funny because it 's true, 
  it 's idiotic to claim clothes ca n't provoke .
