  futurama , boardwalk empire , mad men , the office ( uk ) , colbert report , star trek tng , peep show etc. 
  it 's a shit score . 
  930 launches with 8.1 , at least that what it says on the wikipedia page . 
  and why do you expect to get anything better than the 920/925 ( the previous best wp8 phone ) successor ? 
  source ? 
  are there any possible downsides ? 
  like compability problems on any apps etc ? 
  that and any f2p game is filled with russians, 
  til this is an unpopular opinion . 
  growing up me and my sisters always fought over the end pieces of bread . 
  it 's the best piece by far . 
  then again we did eat proper bakery bread and not that wonder bread crap , that probably matters . 
  but why is clinton shooting a glock ? 
  it 's an austrian pistol . 
  now that i mention it reagan seems to be using an mp7 , which is german . 
  who does n't have 8gbs of ram nowadays ? 
  i have a 3 year old imac and it 's got 12gb . 
  surely a gaming pc has at least 8 . 
  i 've only beat the game once ( normal , old version ) and i did n't use cloak . 
  come to think of it i 've never used a condom either . 
  figures . 
  filthy casual plebs with their intercourse and stealth technology, 
  they 're already capped . 
  have been for a long time . 
  i too read a headline recently about eu ( possibly ) eliminating roaming charges alltogether so that might be what he 's referring to . 
  it 's also socially awesome to annoy everybody around you by singing along to songs on the radio, 
  actually i 've noticed that a lot of the times when ai does something really stupid their ship does n't have a sensor room at all . 
  it 's always given to the player at the start so we do n't even think about it but actually if you hover over it it says the sensor room is what lets you see which room is which on an enemy ship . 
   is there a way to have cortana ` not following my every move ' at certain times ? 
  does it really matter if your phone knows you spend a lot of time at the bar ? 
   nhl 15 wish list -- is this a make or break year ? 
  in all honesty it 's probably going to be pretty shitty . 
  any time they introduce a major overhaul like the skating physics or a new generation of consoles the first year is going to be pretty terrible . 
  it 'll have some good ideas and innovations but the overall experience feels very unfinished . 
  the year after a major overhaul or even 2 year after one is when they make the best games . 
  i was thinking stargate sg1, 
  do you like death ? 
  then die !, 
  you get used to it . 
  since the age of 15 around 75 % of all time spent playing video games i 've been high ( and i 've played a lot of videogames ) . 
  it does n't hinder my performance at all anymore , in some games it even helps me be more relaxed and patient etc. 
  sc2 is a pretty difficult game to play stoned compared to others , but really the only thing it affects negatively is my micro . 
  and it 's loads of fun . 
  i have many master friends who love to play the game stoned out of their minds . 
  we usually chat between games and they usually tell me if they beat gm 's , happens pretty often . 
  tfw you realize you do n't even recognize any of the zerg unit portraits, 
  i 'm diamond with an apm around 100 . 
  i do n't spam at all , i just never picked up the habit . 
  if i watch a replay i often have an apm of like 12 for the first few minutes but later in a game when i actually need to i can sustain an apm of 150-180 ( and spikes at 250ish but spikes do n't really tell anything ) . 
  however blizzard calculates my average to usually be 90-120 . 
  i could n't imagine playing with zero sound as there are a lot of sound ques in the game . 
  however i also have music always playing , usually louder than the game . 
  if a website offering you affairs is all it takes to cheat on somebody you were just looking for an excuse . 
  i do n't like the idea of ashley madison either but you ca n't really blame the website when somebody cheats . 
  it 's like blaming the condom manufacturer or something . 
   there 's not exactly many other placed to get torrents . 
  you got ta be kidding , right ? 
  there are thousands of torrent trackers , and tpb is one of the worst around . 
  well not really one of the worst since there are a shit ton of scam sites , but honestly one should never have to go to tpb . 
  i can name over a dozen better torrent sites off the top of my head . 
  oh yeah definitely . 
  it 's really easy to forget looking at the minimap for long periods of time . 
  no i do that when i 'm drunk because alcohol actually makes me a much worse player, 
  i know that 's what a lot of people say and that 's why pros spam `` to keep their fingers warm '' . 
  like i said i just never picked up the habit . 
  honestly it could even help me . 
  i just feel stupid if i try doing it now . 
  i just use torrentleech , tvt , waffles and empo for 99 % of my torrent usage . 
  then i have some sites that i use once a year for very specific things like asiatorrents when i 'm looking for an asian movie i ca n't find elsewhere . 
  apparently 2013 names . 
  i came to the comments to rage that `` onni '' is not the most popular name in finland , i 've never even heard of anyone called onni . 
  then i googled it and it actually was the most popular baby name given in 2013 . 
  that 's just a stupid thing to say . 
  there 's betting without skins ( real money ) and there 's ddosing without betting . 
  it sounds like one of those people who oppose all change trying to find an excuse for his lack of motivation . 
  how the fuck can you blame gun skins for lost motivation ? 
  nebulas are never your friends, 
  how is it elitism to want quality for your money ? 
  you can buy a much better mechanical keyboard just without blinking leds or gaming ultra pro texts on the packaging for the same price . 
  i 'd never buy a razer either . 
  filco, 
  just because you like mechanical keyboards does n't mean you like every mechanical keyboard . 
  i have a mechanical keyboard , i 'd never buy a razer keyboard . 
  you can get better quality for the same price . 
  donate via paypal if you want to support a team or whatever . 
  i 'd rather buy a good keyboard ( not razer ) for myself to use and donate some money via paypal if i want to support a team . 
  win-win . 
  i 'd argue about the `` good quality mice '' too . 
  razer products are infamous for breaking down . 
  they 're nice while they last but 12 months or so is not a good service life for a mouse . 
  my logitech gaming mice i had before the razer lasted until i replaced them with a much newer one ( 5 + years ) , they never broke down . 
  i had two razers that broke in ~ 16 months and 10 months . 
  now i have a zowie which is really nice , though i ca n't say how reliable it is since i 've only had it for about 6 months . 
  i used to have the razer imperator but the sensor broke down , it 'd only move up and down and not sideways . 
  since then i 've heard two people describe a similiar thing and i 've asked them if it 's the imperator and both times it was . 
  so i would n't exactly recommend it , although it was good while it lasted . 
  i 'm honestly not an expert . 
  i just own a filco and it 's the best keyboard i 've ever touched . 
  a lot of my gaming friends have filco 's too and i 've yet to hear a negative comment about them . 
  some ideas are nice , some i do n't agree with .
