  you have precise control down to a single degree and you do n't have to and estimate the angle and physics of your contact with the ball . 
  looks like they 've got some kind of message board for players looking for teams and vice versa . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't own a small trash can with a lid for female products . 
  i live alone . 
  we have identical setups except for the cpu and i 'm on 364.72 and getting the same issue in the same map . 
  i do n't think people pointing out holes in these stories are doing it to `` prove it 's fake '' . 
  they 're criticizing the writing . 
  if you go to the movies and point out a plot hole in lord of the rings that does n't mean you thought they were trying to sell it as a realistic documentary about orcs . 
   just enjoy the fuckin ' story . 
  `` stop enjoying things differently than i do . '', 
   this game has an absolutely brutal learning curve . 
  the first ~ 50 hours every new player will get destroyed by people who have better map knowledge . 
  i only have 5 hours in the game and i 'm already mvp more than half the rounds i play . 
  my aim is not even good . 
  all you need to do to completely stomp pub games is not sprint all the time . 
  it 's like the players in this game do n't even know the walk button exists or that foot steps make a sound . 
  even in the 5v5 mode everyone sprints to their deaths right out in the open like it 's cod with instant ads . 
  i get a free kill or two at the start of every round just by stopping 2 seconds before the teams meet and bringing up my sights . 
  i buy the kind that you can flush . 
  i forgot my phone at my parents ' house for a week and the only times i noticed it missing was on the toilet . 
  i know they do n't have exclusive rights to personality based gaming related internet videos but holy shit that site looks `` heavily inspired '' by giant bomb . 
  the site layout is n't from 2003, 
  the site layout is n't from 2002, 
  i 'm not talking about the concept , i 'm talking about the website . 
  you sound relatively triggered, 
  i tried playing it and quickly realized how far pathing has evolved from those days . 
  even aoe3 felt okay but the hd '' `` remake '' '' of 2 ( all it is is some upscaled textures ) was n't enjoyable to play in 2016 even with all the nostalgia . 
  i 've never had an issue with it . 
  you might have adhd, 
   who has n't brought their so to a concert that they did n't like , and vice versa ? 
  just watch some crash compilation on youtube . 
  that 's the real reason americans watch it too . 
  more traditional people tend to be more conservative and vice versa ? 
  wow that really is a mystery . 
  half the list seems like oh so randumb joke games funny for 10 minutes tops when the internet is full of actual good free games . 
  cs : go is also not free to play . 
  gameplay goes quite deep with the modding and tactics . 
  still very ` cheesy ' but fun !, 
  no it does n't . 
  you just max out either your weapon dmg or your ability power and keep grinding until you have every slot in the right polarity to get the biggest numbers . 
  there 's tons of different `` classes '' but once you pick one there are rarely more than one or two ways to play each and none of the missions require any strategy . 
  in theory the hardest missions can be sped up if have a thought out squad like separate cc and dps and maybe even a tank or a healer but it 's not actually required . 
  4xdps works just fine whether you 're 10 hours or 300 hours into the game . 
  and the mission variety itself grows stale before you even reach the level cap on your first suit . 
  it 's almost like people with traditional views on one part of their life are more prone to having traditional views on other matters as well . 
  4790k 970gtx and 16gb ram i get 250-320 fps everything maxed out and 8x msaa/8x anisotropic, 
  yeah i 'm with you and it has absolutely nothing with sympathizing with the assailant . 
  while there is no doubt he 's guilty in this case once you start executing people you always have to draw the line somewhere and i do n't trust the government or the justice system to make that decision . 
  besides a lifetime in maximum security prison with no possibility of parole sounds like a worse punishment than quick and painless death . 
   usually means more often than not . 
  people who are for the death penalty do n't think every criminal should be given the death penalty . 
  if you think the death penalty should ever be taken into consideration in sentencing then you are for the death penalty . 
  it 's like saying `` i 'm a vegetarian , but i eat steak '' . 
   where is the argument against ending him ? 
  because you ca n't make a law that says `` death penalty is abolished , except for this one guy '' . 
  as soon as you start introducing elements like `` undeniable proof '' it means there 's a decision to be made and a person or people making that decision case by case . 
  and really `` undeniable proof '' is just another wording for `` beyond reasonable doubt '' . 
  that 's already how determening guilt works in western justice systems . 
  you ca n't find someone guilty of murder but then say `` well this evidence is not undeniable , so we 'll go easy on the sentencing '' . 
  if there 's the slightest possibility of someone not being guilty then he 's innocent . 
  you ca n't be found guilty of murder because it was most likely what happened . 
  advocating capital punishment in cases where there is `` undeniable proof '' is in no way different than simply supporting the death penalty . 
   pointless, 
  the reason it 's a banned topic is because it 's not productive and it 's harmful to society , not because it is n't true . 
  some people care more about being right or honest than they do about building a happy society where everyone holds hands . 
  i do n't have to make up anything . 
  there 's plenty of scientific and statistical proof out there . 
  take [ james watson ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/fury-at-dna-pioneers-theory-africans-are-less-intelligent-than-westerners-394898.html ) for example . 
  he and his partner practically discovered dna back when we knew nothing about it . 
  he won a nobel prize for it . 
  then he went on to study the dna and the human brain and found that africans on average were not as intelligent as europeans ( and white americans ) . 
  he was shunned by the scientific community . 
  was he wrong ? 
  his studies or methods were hardly even criticized . 
  no one looked beyond the summary of his findings . 
  that was n't the point . 
  no one cared if he was right , you just ca n't say that . 
  and i understand why the government or society wants to force this idea that everyone is identical and equal . 
  peaceful societies grow happier and wealthier . 
  that does n't mean it has to be based on truth . 
  well you see on one hand we have one of the brightest scientific minds of the last century whose work on human dna is still something every modern scientist builds upon who studied the matter for years and wrote hundreds and hundreds of pages of scientific research . 
  then we have you who had a poster [ like this ] ( http://cdn.mdcurrent.in/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/children-holding-hands-around.png ) hanging on the wall of your middle school classroom . 
  and trusting the scientist on this matter is ... racist ? 
  it might , depending on the definition of the word you want to use . 
  that does n't mean it 's not the smart choice . 
  not `` this scientist '' . 
  i just used a single well known example . 
  [ a huge number of studies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_and_intelligence ) have been made and the consensus is clear . 
  asians are smartest while africans have the lowest iq . 
  stepping away from iq it 's also widely reported that those with african origin have aggressive characteristics unmatched by other races . 
  the [ race and crime reports ] ( https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2012/crime-in-the-u.s.-2012/tables/43tabledatadecoverviewpdf ) by the fbi are a good indication of this . 
  african americans are over-represented almost three-fold compared to their size of the total population . 
  i never said i 'm not racist , yet you people keep repeating it like it 's some magical trump card that makes facts disappear . 
  that 's unfortunately not how it works . 
  happily for you i can accept the label of a racist just like you should accept that i have a point . 
  no one doubts that african americans have athletic capabilities not found in either whites or asians . 
  nothing strange about that , simple biology and key differences in muscle tissue . 
  but you ca n't accept that just the same there are differences in brain size and structure ? 
  how can one be a commonly accepted fun fact while the other a taboo ?
