  but the readers typically have a swipe thing on the side in case you do n't have a chip . 
  or the cashier has another machine ( usually the old one ) next to the register . 
  not sure about fin to usa but a few years back i had to ship 3 boxes full of stuff from usa to finland and the usps was almost 1/3 the price of ups or fedex . 
  when i sleep it 's not like a blink of an eye . 
  8 hours of sleep feels like 4-10 hours of dreaming . 
  i 'm pretty sure you are able to use chipless cards . 
  unless you actually tried and they got rejected after the swiping , then it 's an issue with your bank . 
  cashiers just offer you the chip thing by default because these days they 're used to everyone having it . 
  this was 2008 . 
  i think they took about 3 weeks to arrive . 
  i came home about a month later and they were waiting for me . 
  oh yeah automated dispensers etc. 
  can surely be a problem without chips . 
  it 's fairly common for really small cafes not to accept credit cards as well . 
  i doubt they actually lacked the option to swipe if they had a chip reader , the staff probably just was n't trained properly as it is a fairly rare occurrence . 
  also they 're french so language barrier . 
  but that 's part of the fun !, 
  2min 15seconds in . 
  still has n't actually told anything , now talking about u.s air force fighter jets . 
  and more importantly you ca n't eat them afterwards, 
  maybe you should n't use open trackers to begin with . 
  demonoid , piratebay , isohunt it does n't matter . 
  they 're all crap compared to real trackers where everything is always seeded ( if not by people then seedboxes ) . 
  i agree, 
  they were on by default in 10 or 11 . 
  it was terrible . 
  they 're off again in 12 . 
  i do n't even own a tv and i watch breaking bad, 
  barbie brilliant, 
  happiness and friendship, 
  i believe he applied to the university as an african-american and got in because of quotas and affirmative action etc. 
  but was suspended after the 1st day of school when they found out he was white . 
  might be a different south african dude though . 
  well there are probably a few africans around who 've moved to the u.s, 
  hell yeah seduction tips from reddit . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  mw3 was n't that bad honestly . 
  maybe if you paid $ 70 at midnight launch it was a disappointment but i got ( a new ) one for 29 $ a month after the release . 
  well worth it . 
  i 've seen the movie at least twice . 
  did n't remember oldman in it . 
  did you get to pick a name or is there actually a rookie called xavier laflamme in the game ? 
  because that 'd be awesome, 
  genius . 
  but yeah i agree with th you have to be pretty non-tech savvy to fall for this one . 
  i do n't really understand why weed is on the list of banned substances in the olympics . 
  it 's not illegal in every country that participates and it 's hardly performance enhancing , most would say it 's the opposite . 
  because the controller is ten times better . 
  i own both . 
  so weed is against the spirit of the sport but tobacco is n't ? 
  ok that 's cool . 
  well holm is 181cm which is about 6 ' and the hurdles look to be around the same height as the top of his head . 
  that 's one tiny iphone, 
  she did n't probably have much say in the matter so i do n't see how it took courage, 
  no we do n't . 
  besides it 's bullshit she gets special treatment when other athletes are n't allowed to wear scarfs etc. 
  on their heads . 
  pfft . 
  it costs 30 bucks a year if you buy it from a store instead of directly from the xbox . 
  and the online service beats ps3 's by a huge margin so i gladly pay it . 
  i do n't even remember the last time i turned my ps3 on , mainly because it updates every fucking time and it takes like 20 minutes on the same internet connection ( 100mbit ) it takes 20 seconds to update my xbox . 
  worse ? 
  that 's one of the most amazing jerseys in the history of the nhl . 
  [ haters gon na hate ] ( http://i19.photobucket.com/albums/b154/spyboy1/tsg%20blog/selannewildwing-1.png ) . 
   saudi arabia just sent any random person to meet the ioc 's demands . 
  watching that match was cringingly embarrassing . 
   match, 
  we 're talking about the judo girl here , not the runner . 
  the judoka lives in saudi arabia . 
  i do n't think it 's the finns correcting as much as it 's the danish and swedes because they do n't want to let us in their little club, 
  with [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) there is, 
  when finns say finnish is spoken exactly like it 's written it means the letters are always pronounced the same in a word as they are in the alphabet . 
  words are just series of letters and pronounced the same no matter which letters they are accompanied by . 
  i think she 's going for that barbie look . 
  i kinda like it . 
  well if they are n't then why are n't others allowed to use them ? 
  rules should be rules , political correctness should n't affect them . 
   living in australia it definitely ca n't be bought for $ 30 , more like $ 70 - $ 100, 
  yes it can . 
  the codes are not area locked . 
  i got mine off us amazon and live in europe . 
  there are tons of sites that scratch the coupon for you and email the code within an hour of purchase . 
  that 's not the point . 
  they would n't be allowed even if they wanted to . 
  besides , how do you know ? 
  have you talked to each of the athletes competing in the olympics ? 
  according to what you 've read ? 
  i speak finnish bitch . 
  i have no clue of your fancy words but yeah in the case of consonants of course they have an added vowel when listed in the alphabet but naturally those are n't included in words ( for example t alone is pronounced `` tee '' but in a word it 's simply `` t '' ), 
  i had to upvote you for the analogy but i still stand by my opinion that in any sporting event the rules should be the same for everyone . 
  not that you could probably hear the difference but they have a relative strong accent or dialect . 
  i believe it 's eastern/northern but i might be wrong . 
  the words are more slurred and `` blended together '' than regular finnish which has more stops and sounds overall more `` jolty '' ( i have no clue if this word can be used when describing language ), 
  not criminal record . 
  the police keep a separate record that 's only visible to them or if you apply to a job at the customs or border patrol etc. 
  i believe an employer can ask for a copy of the police record if they have a specific reason ( money delivery security companies for example ) but it 's important to remember it 's not the same as criminal record . 
  you do n't get an actual criminal record if you do n't go to jail ( or parole ) . 
  but yes the next time they run into the police the cops will see that incident happened . 
  60 euros is not 60 dollars argument is pointless because even with ms points things were cheaper for us customers . 
  sure the point value was the same but points were a lot more expensive in the eu and you ca n't use a us bought point code on a european account .
