  we do n't eat that stuff for breakfast over here yet the mcdonalds breakfast menu is pretty much the same as in the states . 
  damn right i 'm comparing it to female circumcision . 
  just because this one happens to be a custom in your culture while the other is in countries further away does n't make mutilation of babies acceptable . 
  if you want to cut your own reproductive organs that 's fine but there is nothing that justifies cutting up children and leaving permanent marks on their bodies before they 're even capable of talking . 
  regardless of the gender . 
  i liked this one even better than the politically correct edit, 
  sorry dude but she was was hotter with long hair . 
  i 'm not saying you are wrong or your opinion is stupid or anything . 
  just that there are a lot of people out there like me who greatly prefer long or medium lenght hair . 
  tbh i 've never seen a short hairdo on a girl that looked good . 
  but like i said , that 's just my opinion , if someone wants to cut their hair short i wo n't stop them or laugh at them , they should n't care about what i think anyway . 
  but i just do n't find it attractive . 
  just because he was n't the `` lead writer '' on a lot of episodes does n't mean he was n't still working with the other writers , coming up with jokes , brainstorming etc. 
  i still believe it 's actually 90 % 4channers who start up these facebook meme pages just for the lulz, 
  except for the meg part . 
  i did n't make the image . 
  nobody wants to see meg for more than 10 seconds an episode . 
  that 's not the problem . 
  that 's just a style of humor and i for one enjoy it . 
  the problem is forgetting the show is supposed to be funny and having these liberal rant episodes ( i 'm extremely liberal in my views so it 's not like i disagree , it 's just not what i want from a 20 minute cartoon ) or `` serious '' plots about characters evolving etc. 
  those just do n't work . 
  yay my people apparently ca n't speak, 
  am i glad i grew up in a world with internet and anal sex, 
  also i noticed he has no relegations , 9 seasons total . 
  so he 's still a relatively new player . 
  the h2h matches your opponents with the h2h star rating and your level in mind . 
  when i first started fifa12 i made it straight to division 6 but then fell right back into 9 , presumably because the game started matching me with more skilled players , i know i did n't suddenly get worse . 
  just give it some time . 
  most of the 1st division players probably have hundreds or thousands of games played . 
  soon you 'll be matched against them . 
  not undermiming your achievement though , nice work . 
  that 's why you order separate pizzas for each, 
  yeah because reddit was the only source for jailbait on the internet, 
  you ca n't just flash your piece and resist the urge to shoot someone . 
  at least pop them in the kneecap while they 're running away . 
  usually it 's more like :, 
  `` chips would be awesome '', 
  `` yeah dude '', 
  `` will you go get some '', 
  `` no chance '', 
  `` bummer '', 
  no offense but this comic could had been done in 4 panels, 
  i guess it 's a good thing he 's going to school, 
  exactly . 
  besides do n't the upvotes feel better if they were simply for the good art instead of pity votes, 
  in finland if you criticize the government 's immigration policy you are a racist . 
  non-whites would probably be more accurate, 
  cool story bro, 
  asians are yellow, 
  oh you meant asians are n't subject to racism, 
  i would n't exactly say that, 
  even though i have no idea how to read notes that sounds right in my head . 
  at least the number is correct . 
  i do n't know about effective . 
  they do n't really do a good job containing noise . 
  so what 's with the glowing red thingies ? 
  is it a mod ? 
  or just a spell i do n't have ? 
  e. alteration -  detect dead ? 
  actually they 're pretty rare around the world . 
  i was surprised to learn this also . 
  a modern cheese slicer was invented by thor bj\u00f8rklund in 1925 in norway . 
  the cheese slicer 's mass production started in 1927 . 
  the design was based on the carpenter 's plane . 
  this style of slicer is very common in the ** nordic countries , the netherlands , belgium , germany , and switzerland . 
  finnfag here , growing up i always though everyone in the world used these , i mean why not . 
  why indeed . 
  i 've never scissored my joints , what did you try to accomplish ? 
  after tazing, 
  has everyone ever actually tried this ? 
  does it work ? 
  if so i need to get my hands on some of that retention gel . 
  we need higher resolution !, 
  well i know what i 'll be fapping to tonight, 
  it 's kind of a all or nothing deal . 
  in some places it 's a standard kitchen equipment everyone has but in most countries nobody 's even heard of them . 
  agreed . 
  of course it helps that the nhl actually realized technology is n't a bad thing . 
  you know who i 'm looking at , fifa & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  what i 'm wondering is why did n't he go ahead and turn the entire thing wrong way or lying on the ice after he realized they were n't gon na stop the play . 
  1 . timber 82 up , 39 down, 
  the rare occurance when one is taking a shit and having the terd the entire length of the bowl , so that when it falls it grazes your not sack . 
  therefore causing you to not only whipe your ass , but your balls as well . 
  2 . timber 47 up , 7 down, 
  ( n. ) a massive , solid erection . 
  timber 20 up , 9 down, 
  a sex position . 
  basically doggie style , but right before the guy cums , he pulls the girls ' arms out from under her yelling `` timber '' , causeing her to fall on her face . 
  this time urban dictionary did n't help ( i hope ) . 
  thank you very much, 
  both, 
  \\  reconstructive surgery, 
  \\  dog, 
  well you ca n't really blame anyone else but yourself for clicking r/wtf links without reading the title . 
  sorry but i do n't believe you . 
  i pretty much always play with 4 stars and never get 5 star opponents . 
  i hate that 4,5 gets matched up with 5 stars though . 
  it 's not that they 're unbeatable . 
  it 's just boring playing against real or barca all the time . 
  luckily ( maybe because i 'm european ) people seem to play with english teams a lot too .
