  e. x-posted, 
  not sure if sarcastic, 
  if you 're going to jyv\u00e4skyl\u00e4 you better not be black . 
  just friendly advice . 
  it 's not that difficult . 
  of course you wo n't be 100 % sober but especially if you 're an experienced smoker and got a few minutes before doing something important or meeting people or something it 's not that hard to psych yourself `` out of being high '', 
  do n't know about uk but in finland it 's illegal to cover your face when protesting and i know were not the only country . 
  cops can wear ski masks though . 
  if a law is unjust , a man is not only right to disobey it , he is obligated to do so . 
  -- thomas jefferson, 
  you have much to learn , young padawan, 
   of course you wo n't be 100 % sober, 
  read the posts before whining, 
  but why ? 
  i do n't drive so i ca n't really relate . 
  also i have no problem with others driving while high ( although one can definitely be too high to drive ) . 
  yes you are right i ca n't go from [ 10 ] to [ 0 ] in a matter of seconds . 
  but that 's not what `` talking yourself sober '' is about . 
  it 's about psyching yourself to ignore the effects and perform like a sober person would . 
  very quickly you 'll stop feeling it too ( of course it 's still in the background but there 's a huge difference between what would had been had you not tried to sober up ), 
  a friend of mine added this to facebook 46 seconds before i posted it here so i 'm guessing it 's pretty fresh . 
  and yes i am aware the title should probably be `` at '', 
  what if he included like one of those license thingies that makes it free to use ? 
  what the fuck is vocaloid ? 
  if they look like that i do n't care what 's inside of them . 
   i 've never actually felt augmented breasts , so i ca n't comment on that unfortunately . 
  totally depends on the type of implant . 
  some are hard , some feel almost natural . 
  about two years ago i decided nph just was n't worth all the crap anymore . 
  one of the saddest moments of my life . 
  based on a few episodes i have n't been missing out on much though . 
  vesna vulovi\u0107 ( serbian : \u0412\u0435\u0441\u043d\u0430 \u0412\u0443\u043b\u043e\u0432\u0438\u045b ; born 3 january 1950 ) is a serbian former flight attendant . 
  she holds the world record , according to the guinness book of records , for surviving the highest fall without a parachute : 10,160 metres ( 33,330 ft ) . 
  he has ? 
  that 's too bad . 
  back when i stopped watching he was still somewhat funny but definitely showed signs of writers trying to make him a more serious character ( brother and dad stuff etc. ) . 
  barney was still the funniest of them though . 
  the reason i stopped watching was ted . 
  god damnit i always hated ted but ever since season ~ 3 they have n't even tried to make him interesting . 
  ted finds a girl , ted talks to himself about what is ethically right and wrong or something and nobody cares , ted breaks up . 
  this was every episode and the problems are never even relatable . 
  all he does is make things unnecessarily difficult for everyone and then we 're supposed to symphatize with him . 
  that and the pg-13 comedy which seems to prioritize non-offensiveness over laughs . 
  oh you 're probably right . 
  i 'm just saying it is possible . 
  true . 
  i had n't even heard of that new investigation . 
  but vesna is not the only example of this . 
  many have fell from the sky ( failed parachutes etc ) and lived . 
  it 's all in the landing . 
  that and luck . 
  i did n't even know there was a tv series . 
   on the roofs, 
  pfft . 
  that does n't sound like batman . 
  through the roof is more like it . 
  it 's really sad that kids ( yes i 'm using the stereotype that comics are for kids ) these days are taught that people who talk and feel this way are evil villains and loonatics . 
  to be honest i agreed with anything he said , yet he 's the bad guy . 
  in a comic book published by a huge company . 
  well no i think it 's good they 're rooted in real life which makes the villains much more relatable and believable but based on this picture shocker was n't even a crazied former activist gone rogue with extremist beliefs or something , he was just a regular person explaining batman what is wrong with the world these days . 
  besides all kids see is spider-man and a bad guy . 
  and bad guys represent what you should n't grow up to be . 
  of course adults understand not to take everything literally but they 're not the ones i 'm worried about . 
  i understand that but what i 'm worried about is how they affiliate shocking and whatever villain activities with this sort of thinking . 
  indeed . 
  you can even eat it , rub it on your gums , smoke it or insert it via a suppository in addition to injection and snorting . 
  ah yes . 
  i really need to memorize that spelling . 
  \\  dance, 
  \\  have fun, 
  what the hell are you talking about, 
  i 'm sure he 's devastated over his loss, 
  that 's because they do n't just seem to be built better . 
  they are . 
  just do the lazy fox test . 
  this leads us to the eternal question . 
  who the fuck cares about karma ? 
  yes that exactly . 
  while holding both shift buttons . 
  you 're saying you do n't know where you left your license and registration ? 
  bitch , i smoke weed, 
  i do n't know how this exact shoe has been treated but there 's a spray coating you can buy in most shoe stores that does this . 
  works pretty well if you apply multiple layers . 
  languages, 
  english, 
  swedish, 
  finnish, 
  you know i 'm actually not surprised at all by this, 
  i 'm not the guy in the corner . 
  i do n't go to bars in the first place . 
  i did for a period after i turned 18 . 
  shit sucked . 
  e . but i did win two tickets to a gig in a bar earlier today . 
  so i guess next wendesday we 'll see if my memory serves right . 
  true , but there seem to be a lot of people from finland and sweden on this site . 
  even the finnish tabloids get half their news from reddit these days . 
  not to mention funny picture sites where it 's like 80 % of content . 
  lol, 
  well ... it is nyan cat, 
  maybe he 's a linesman in a succesfull hs football team .
