  well excuse me but it 's ridiculous to assume that you have achieved the highest level of highness that you ever could and know for a fact you can never experience those things . 
  and yes people do respond differently , people respond differently to alcohol as well but anyone can drink enough to pass out . 
  it 's more like saying you should have an alarm against jacking . 
  oh they have that ? 
  well it 's like locking your door . 
  that too ? 
  like chaining your bike when you leave it . 
  what ? 
  you mean people actually realized that crime is inevitable and took measures to protect themselves and prevent it ? 
  what is this madness ? 
  and you know this because you are every person who has and will rape in the history of man kind ? 
  rape is often about power and control . 
  i accept that . 
  but not this bullshit like you know the exact reason for every rape . 
  i could imagine raping someone if i could n't get laid for like a decade and it would n't be about the control , it 'd be about the pussy . 
  it is absolutely ridiculous . 
  how is it not ? 
  have you smoked or ingested amounts of thc so high that they 're just safe for you to not die ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you have n't . 
  true , but it often conflicts with the story . 
  i do n't believe it 's possible for someone , especially a newbie , to do a lot of these things that happens in comics at `` a [ 8 ] '' . 
  leaving the couch is pretty fucking difficult at that point let alone driving a car or something . 
  of course i have n't but i also have n't claimed it 's impossible for me to reach a certain level because `` people respond differently '' . 
  i only use 1 account and subscribe to a few nsfw subreddits . 
  but i also have [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pornvids+nsfw+boobies+jailbait+legalteens+nsfw_nospam+ass+xsmall+pornography+milf+nipples+blowjobs+beach+teens+girlswithglasses+bottomless_vixens+girlskissing+nudistbeach+amateur+legs+upskirt+booty+punkgirls+eroticart+ass_and_titties+realgirls+collegesluts+dirtysmall+asianhotties+highheels+nsfw_gifs+boltedontits ) custom bookmark that i use for fapping, 
  no but i avoid parks after dark for example, 
  two new features i will never use on my xbox, 
  nor are they anywhere else . 
  whish is why this `` prices vary between states '' is total bs . 
  the store wo n't move across city lines . 
   to me , when people accuse someone of being racist , it seems like it is often the accuser who harbors the racial grudge . 
  or a bad case of white guilt, 
  i 'm not expert on wheat but i 'm pretty sure cross-breeding is a more complex and time-taking procedure than weed fertilizing weed, 
  i know . 
  this is also one of the main issues i have with christianity . 
  i do n't feel white guilt myself btw, 
  who cares how you define it . 
  there 's nothing wrong with either brith control or abortion . 
  youtube and bing have n't come out anywhere . 
  there was an update about a month ago ** preparing ** for the implemention of those later this year . 
  read the link . 
  why ? 
  yeah but i mean it 's not really a misconception as much as a matter of definition . 
  how are you the only one pointing this out and with 2 upvoted . 
  where i 'm from this is referred to as `` chilluing '' ( actually i do n't speak english so it does n't really sound as awkward ), 
   for those who do n't use crutches when they roll , it 's really hard to smoke that last bit without burning yourself . 
  which is why it 's idiotic not to use one, 
  why is this downvoted so much ? 
  i mean yeah the guy 's dick comment was kinda stupid but i do n't get facials either . 
  creampie all the way . 
  so ... what was it ? 
  recipe ? 
  i 'm an atheist interested in politics and the first thing i did after registering was remove r/politics and r/atheism, 
  yeah because employers now have alcohol tests to tell if you 've been drinking during the weekend and can fire you for using a legal drug on your free time . . right ? 
  yeah well scientist would know of course but i think his point was ordinary people would n't have to know this shit, 
  problems ? 
  i had an old teacher in high school , one of the worst . 
  all she did was show slides . 
  some text was bolded and you were supposed to copy those parts only . 
  that 's all fine , except she sometimes got mad at people for writing details that were non-bolded down . 
  lol, 
  e. to be clear it was n't like `` highlights bolded '' and she did n't want us to waste time . 
  all she did was waste time . 
  she just wanted to be in control of everything . 
  i 'm consciously sexist . 
  what you got to say now , bitch . 
  and who would want to invade the u.s really ? 
  destroy maybe but it 's not like you have many natural resources worth invading . 
   and forced canada , europe , japan , and korea to provide for their own defense, 
  we already do and we already spend way too much money on it . 
  not poo-in-pants retarded amounts like the u.s but still . 
  if you 're in rehab for weed it 's extremely likely because the conservative judge thinks you have a problem and not because you actually have one . 
  lol america 's fucked up, 
  i 'm not the one in rehab but if you 're in rehab for weed it 's probably not because `` you realized you have a problem '' but to avoid jail or getting fired or some shit, 
  yeah til they can fire you for crazy shit in the u.s, 
  glad i live in a country where workers have rights too, 
  i 'm still amazed by that slap . 
  and ca n't help to imagine how it would had played off with reversed roles . 
  well a 1.9 g bud is more comparable to a bottle of liquor ( or two ) or a carton of cigarettes, 
  actually i was n't going to download if just pics . 
  thanks, 
  like what ? 
  i 'm seriously asking out of curiosity . 
  what ? 
  not knowing the actual price is a problem every time i go to a store in the u.s, 
  well but those people are n't really the majority are they ? 
  and business owners rarely get their items from other grocery stores . 
  why ca n't you have the actual price that a regular costumer pays on display and then give a discount at the counter for these guys ? 
  downvoting for douchyness, 
  notices username, 
  upvotes instead, 
   and run until i 'm bored, 
  yeah that works for me too except i get bored in like 2 minutes . 
  seriously i just ca n't understand how somebody can enjoy it . 
  and i love sports . 
   it 's really not that hard to either estimate the cost or put it into a calculator, 
  it 's pretty hard compared to you know , looking at it right there without any trickery, 
  besides they would n't have to toss out their computers etc just because they choose to label things with real prices . 
  in fact they would n't have to touch the computers at all , just print a different price in the label . 
  the computer would still only read the barcode and figure the prices and taxes etc from that,
