  are you sure you 're not exaggerating ? 
  you have pretty photogenic vinegar strokes, 
  the best thing about dark souls is that soon you 'll wish you were only fighting simple and non-threatening looking asylum demons . 
  the trick to kicking/jump attacking is to flick up , not press up . 
  with some practice you can do it with 100 % consistency , though i do agree it 's not the best possible choice for controls . 
  what i 'm wondering is how you even got to the door without killing the boss that drops the key . 
   so glad i did n't pay for it . 
  yeah cause fuck games that are actually challenging at first , right ? 
   fuck the corridors that do n't give me space to dodge, 
  do n't fight him down there . 
  aggro him and let him follow you up the stairs with lots more room to move around . 
  makes the fight a lot easier . 
  also that sword is n't a guaranteed drop , nor do you need that sword to kill the taurus demon . 
   it sounds like completing it is impossible . 
  it 's actually quite an easy game once you get the hang of it . 
  at least in ng . 
  the first playthrough is mainly made hard by the fact that there are no quest descriptions or objective markers which forces you to figure out where to go by yourself . 
  that is also what makes it such an amazing game . 
  there is no such thing as saves in dark souls . 
  the game basically saves after each action you take . 
  npcs do n't respawn and if you manage to screw up something it 's permanent . 
  it 's part of the charm . 
  also there are extremely few enemies in the game that you ca n't run away from . 
  you can easily outrun that knight if you feel like fighting him is too difficult ( experienced players can finish the game at lvl1 so there 's no such thing as being `` too weak to fight x '' ) . 
  the only fights you ca n't back away from are boss fights since they restrict you to a certain area until one of you is dead . 
  except you ca n't run in that game . 
  you do n't need to learn parry to finish the game . 
  it 's a useful technique but far from required . 
  i barely ever parry myself , aside from a few certain enemies which are really easy to parry . 
  he can wobble a little faster than usual if you want to call that running, 
  play games . 
  did you really need to ask reddit for advice on this ? 
  well the time it takes to complete it depends on your character . 
  most people only go to the dlc after they 've finished everything else in the game so their character is already very strong . 
  if you were to attempt it early on i 'm sure it would take a lot longer . 
  i was lvl 100 when i first tried it and it took me probably 3-4 hours . 
  i do n't doubt you can run through it in less than an hour , but if you like to explore areas there 's a lot . 
  i think it 's definitely worth the money , multiple good boss fights , many large areas . 
  new items and spells . 
  and if you love the game like you should you 'll pay for any additional content possible . 
  most people i 've talked to would claim it 's absolutely worth the full price . 
  i feel so myself too even though i got the ptd edition which included the dlc . 
  if it had n't i would definitely pay the full price for it now that i know what it is . 
  even without dlc the game can easily have up to 100hrs of gameplay on just a single playthrough . 
  not to mention the dlc is totally separate , it does n't add any items to the stores or enemies to the pre-existing areas . 
  it 's like a portal you go through . 
  you can play the game for 50 hours before making your decision on buying the dlc and your experience will have been identical to one who purchased the dlc right away and just did n't go in that area in their first 50 hours ( most people only enter the dlc area in late-game with a strong character ) . 
  playing videogames is wasting time . 
  the game is a lot more satisfying when you figure stuff out by yourself . 
  after you 've completed it once you can do an `` optimized '' run with all your knowledge combined with internet knowledge . 
  i do n't disagree that it 's difficult , but i do agree with the statement above that the difficulty is often exaggerated . 
  if you play carefully and are n't afraid of failure you should continually advance in the game . 
  once you get fully familiarized to the controls , learn how each enemiy behaves and most importantly learn your own weapon it becomes quite easy . 
  exploring and observing are the two most important things when it comes to dark souls . 
  it does n't require extremely fast reflexes or fingers like some competetive multiplayer games for example . 
  knowledge is more important . 
  the game does n't force any sort of grinding . 
  the `` grind '' you experience is only due to your lack of skills . 
  i too died over and over again on my first playthrough , but that 's because i sucked at the game . 
  i started a new character a few days ago and the first place i had to repeat was almost 10 hours in because i 'm actually good at the game now . 
  if anything the grind is a good thing since a. if you ca n't clear an area you definitely are n't ready for the next one or even the boss of the current area and b. every time you repeat an area you gain more souls which allows you to level up , and the enemies do n't get any harder ( no lvl scaling ) so the game gets constantly easier the more you fail . 
  not having respawning enemies would actually only make the game harder since there would be a limit to how many souls you can earn from a certain area . 
  the merchant in undead burg sells a bow which is very useful if you 're having trouble with the undead who throw firebombs at you . 
  sure i can help you , add me on xbox . 
  the controls are great and extremely responsive , an opinion confirmed by every reviewer who 's ever played the game . 
  i do n't have much respect for game reviewers either but i guess it 's better than reddit posts . 
  at least they 're expected to know something about games . 
  aside from people who 've tried to play the game with a keyboard and mouse ( a horrible mistake ) i 've never heard anyone complain about the controls . 
  oh i thought it was visible on the subreddit next to my name . 
  gt is nappalive . 
  please explain ? 
  i 've seen both the office space and bob countless times yet i ca n't make a connection . 
  e. oh you mean ron livingston . 
  luckily i 've seen him in a bunch of stuff so office space was never really a defining role for him in my mind . 
  well to be fair even straight men think vaginas are ugly . 
  asking someone whether they 'd like to do something should n't be considered offensive . 
  if the man keeps pushing the issue i totally understand why you 'd find that annoying but what does it hurt to ask once ? 
  just because there 's a goalie , does n't mean you ca n't score . 
  skydiving is a lot more than just falling until you pull a cord . 
  i 'm not that afraid of losing my sight because the decision to kill myself would be extremely easy . 
  something like losing an arm or a leg or both would be much more difficult since you can still kinda lead a normal life , it 'd just be noticeably more difficult . 
  actually the increased memory use is mitigated my the fact my browser does n't even load the ad files . 
  not to mention i have 12 gigs of ram so a little more memory use does n't really make any difference . 
  that 's what you 're supposed to do on your first encounter . 
  you go in the small door , go around the asylum ( it 's a tutorial ) , get a better weapon and a shield and come back to actually fight him . 
  it is possible to kill him on the first encounter , just very difficult . 
  so you never actually killed the obvious boss of the area , yet you still wondered where to get the key and explored the area for an hour until you got frustrated and quit the game ? 
  it did n't cross your mind attempting to kill the boss ? 
  blocking is useful for everything . 
  just upgrade the stability so it wo n't eat all your stamina . 
  oh well i can imagine shooting inside it would be significantly louder . 
  well of course , but blocking is a whole lot easier and more reliable . 
  with dodging you either must have lots of space and time ( to actually dodge ) or be absolutely certain which attack is coming and know its timing ( to use i.frames ) . 
  also many of the bosses have aoe attacks that ignore i.frames yet you can block them . 
  i 'm not saying dodging is bad , just that blocking is very useful as well . 
  a good player uses both depending on the situation . 
  just climb up the tower and lunge down . 
  it was even demonstrated in the tutorial . 
  already answered if you scroll like 2 messages down, 
  haha well he does have a point .
