  so why exactly was he terminated from navy reserve ? 
  ca n't find any info on this . 
  i do n't agree with that . 
  if a student has any of those problems and does n't have a school approved laptop it 's her responsibility . 
  she 's the only one potentially suffering from having a mac but it should n't mean they ban macs . 
  if you want to use school it desk etc buy an approved laptop , otherwise you 're on your own and potential technical issues are your own responsibility . 
  then why was he only terminated a few days ago if he was fired from lapd in 2008 ? 
  do you still get a navy retirement if you 've been honorably discharged ? 
  andy from riviera 3 by private . 
  undoubtedly best porn ever . 
  i do n't really understand why you 're getting downvoted . 
  what you said is very true . 
  \\  does n't pirate a show he 's `` dying to check out '', 
  never once while using a computer have i thought `` i whish i could use this like a touch screen '' . 
  everything he does in the video ( except finger painting ) seems more difficult that it 'd be with a mouse and keyboard . 
  but that finger painting does look awesome . 
  implying reddit does n't have exactly as many 13 year old, 
  \\  4chan only website with greentext, 
  more like / r/classic4chan, 
  well i was more refering to the iphone-esque pinching etc. 
  why would anyone pay attention to `` anti-vaccines people '' ? 
  to someone living in the western world uk should n't be as difficult as singapore . 
  how can someone old enough to have gone to college seriously not know basic geography ? 
  i do n't think he understands how jokes work, 
  murder is automatic `` life '' sentence . 
  which is like 13 years but still not 6, 
  because the nordic countries are getting flooded with immigrants who keep raping women because the sentence is a joke . 
  this is not a racist comment , more than half the rapes are committed by immigrants where i live while they make up about 10 % if the population . 
  it 's a statistical fact . 
  not that i like finnish rapists either . 
  i 'm pretty sure most girls do, 
  oh okay that makes sense . 
  not really a huge fan of bacon . 
   take off like kinect hacking did, 
  so you mean like three cool videos on youtube people will discuss on the internet for a week before everyone forgets it exists ? 
  i 'm sorry but that sounds like a bunch of white guilt bullshit . 
  if you look at how things are in the countries they came from , how the culture is , how crime is etc. 
  and then you look at the situation in sweden i simply ca n't understand how you 're conclusion is something went wrong in sweden 's end . 
  i do n't think iraqis or somalis or any group of immigrant are genetically disposed to crime because that would be a stupid thing to say not to mention racist . 
  however i believe there are significant cultural differences and admitting those differences exist is not racist despite what a lot of people especially in the nordic countries want you to believe . 
  these cultures and the cultural clashes result in nothing but problems and although it might not be entirely the immigrants ' fault , restricting immigration would certainly help . 
  because i study cs in a university myself and last time i heard the amount of women either switching majors or dropping out was over 50 %, 
  exactly . 
  and these people grew up in the middle of it . 
  all that has shaped their culture . 
  like i said i 'm certainly not trying to imply that their races or genes or skin colour would cause trouble . 
  their culture that 's influenced by war , starvation , crashed economies/markets and general misery does . 
  and i do n't want that influencing my country . 
  yes i 'm using my experience in studying cs in a university to make conclusions about studying cs in a university . 
  besides they 're not personal experiences . 
  personal experiences would be having a lot of my female friends drop out . 
  these are pure statistics from several years before i was even in the university . 
  i do n't think i ever implied you have to be female to switch out of cs . 
   if ppl can be influenced by war and misery to behave not-so-good , who 's to say that they could not also turn around to be good in a peaceful and supportive country ? 
  i do n't think anyone is arguing they could n't . 
  just that statistically it 's less likely than a native growing up `` to be good '' . 
  so with that in mind as the percentage of population that 's immigrated from troubled countries rises the percentage of population that causes trouble also rises proportionally . 
  changing diapers smells bad . 
  breastfeeding does n't . 
  it 's only understandable why someone would be annoyed by the smell of poop while eating . 
   she had everything covered with a blanket, 
  people in america seriously cover up breastfeeding with a blanket ? 
  not bashing , i 've just never heard of covering with a blanked before . 
  that sounds really dumb to be honest . 
  i do n't see how feeding a baby naturally is `` in poor taste '' even if you do n't cover it up . 
  it 's funny how butt hurt people always are if anyone even mentions not trying hard and succeeding . 
  if you make a comment about working hard and getting good grades it 's all `` good for you '' but if you 're honest about not really working that hard and still doing good it 's `` nobody cares '' . 
  i can see you do n't even lift, 
  i always thought the typical response to `` can you do me a favor '' is `` what is it ? '' . 
  i did n't think anyone expected a yes or no . 
  there is but at least in my school the drop out/switch rate for women is still much higher than for men . 
  i do n't know why anyone would get pissy and downvote over this . 
  it 's not like i 'm trying to mock girls or anything , that 's just how it is . 
  so in oblivion there were actually enemies ( and guards nonetheless ) that posed a threat to you ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  i 've always heard skyrim butchered elder scrolls but i was n't really that interested in rpg 's back when morrowind and oblivion came out . 
  `` because it is '' is not a real good argument, 
  i do n't think it has to do with stereotypes . 
  it 's just that the problem feeds itself . 
  there are very few female students , some female students find working in that environment a problem and drop out , even fewer female students etc. 
  frankly i do n't mind because it just means that whenever there 's a group project i get to work with other men which i honestly prefer . 
  well i was n't stating it as a cold hard fact , it was more of an anecdote . 
  i do n't know what the fuck `` woman unfriendly '' even means . 
  sounds like a terrible excuse to be honest but i highly doubt that would be the case as my country is among the highest in the `` gender equality index '' ( i just found out that 's a [ thing ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gender_inequality_index ) ), 
  well yes there is a social stigma , but i 'd say it 's bigger in the general society than in cs students themselves . 
  what i mean is people generally view cs as a men 's profession and find it a little odd if a woman wants to apply there but once you 're in people do n't really view genders that differently . 
  to be honest though when i was in the `` basic '' classes that we had on the start of the first year that make sure everyone is familiar with the basic use of computers women on average seemed to have a lot more problems so there is still some grounds to that stigma . 
  that second part is true in my school as well . 
  i heard last year something like 13 % of the new students were female , this year it was a record breaking 20 % . 
  i 'll do my best not to but it does get irritating when it 's still socially acceptable for women to play the victim card when we 're living in an age and in a society where women if anything have the advantage . 
  like i said somewhere above i understand that for some women it can feel uncomfortable studying in a department where a vast majority of the students and the professors are male . 
  but i do n't see how you can blame that on anyone except the student themself . 
  having to work with primarily male students is the only sort of `` woman unfriendliness '' i can imagine . 
  actually a student working on his master 's degree who 's also `` active in the community '' and working for the department told me this . 
  you 're right , the only fact i know for certain is that last year 13 % of the new students were female and this year it was 20 % . 
  those statistics were made public . 
  but i ca n't figure out a reason why he 'd lie to me about the drop out rates . 
  like i said i 'm not stating this as a hard fact rather than an anecdote so i think you getting all worked up is more of an ass move . 
  why so butthurt ? 
  and you 're correct .
