  after which i joined a game using assisted aim . 
  am i right in assuming the game only matches up people with the same aim setting ? 
  because that would be just fine . 
  i do n't mind other people using auto-aim as long as they 're not in my game . 
  i 'd just like to be sure you ca n't use auto-aim while playing against free aim people . 
  i posted about the expanded radar hiding the health + armor bars on the 1st and just got a bunch of downvotes , i figured people were butt hurt and jealous because they could n't get into the game so let 's try again now that it 's working for everyone . 
  is there any way to see health + armor with the expanded radar ? 
  i 'd love to use it as the default map but despite trying all the buttons i ca n't find a way to even check my health . 
  it makes no sense that it 's not visible as there is plenty of room for it below the bigger radar as well . 
  and no , it has nothing to do with tv safe area . 
  if it really is impossible rockstar should fix it immediately , i was surprised it was n't fixed in the first patch as it seems like a huge flaw with an extremely simple fix . 
  so i 've gotten a call from lester almost a dozen times about `` giving him a call to do some bounties for quick cash '' . 
  i thought i understood how the bounty system works , you call lester to set it up and kill the person to claim it . 
  there 's no bounties to `` request '' . 
  when calling lester there is n't an option for anything like that either . 
  is the phone call something left behind from a feature that got cut out ? 
  or am i missing something ? 
  i 've got a comet with 4 engine , 4 transmission , 4 turbo , 4 brakes , bulletproof tires etc. 
  all the good stuff . 
  it makes completing certain tasks a lot easier . 
  i also have thousands of hours of experience into console shooters and a very positive k/d ( ~ 1.7 ) . 
  if you want to complete missions co-op add me on xbox , gt : nappalive . 
  voice chat in english ( or finnish ) . 
  free-aim only . 
  so as most of you probably know if you hit b or circle after jumping in singleplayer the character goes immediately into ragdoll mode . 
  absolutely great for doing flips off of rooftops etc. 
  all kinds of fucking around like in jackass or something . 
  however thus far i 've been unable to do this online . 
  anyone else manage to or did they forget to include that ? 
  i really wish they did since it would be tons of fun with friends . 
  the guy in the background . 
  his face is nearly identical to some ( i 'm guessing american ) actor . 
  i ca n't remember what show or movie ( probably show ) he was in but i remember the role was comedic/dark humour and that he was a pushover . 
  i 'd appreciate it if anyone can think of his name . 
  pretty much what it says on the title . 
  when i 'm browsing a single subreddit , is there any way to change the timeframe of `` top '' . 
  i personally like to use `` all time '' when browsing top , but the baconit app only seems to show the top of 24hrs ( which is redundant ) . 
  i could n't find any settings or other place to change this . 
  is there a way to change the timeframe like in regular reddit or is the feature really missing ? 
  either way i 'd like to have it/have it available more easily . 
  so i finally caved in and let youtube use my `` real name '' ( luckily it 's not my real real name ) and google + account . 
  after connecting the two , all my subscriptions , playlists and favourites were gone . 
  i got the `` welcome to youtube '' prompt for new users . 
  i can switch between my google + name and my youtube username but it 's all the same . 
  like a brand new account with no activity . 
  my original account was created in 2004 so i 've collected plenty of favourites over the years and this really pisses me off . 
  is there a way to fix this or is the only chance just to wait and hope google fixes their shit ? 
  i 've been watching some pro games recently and noticed a lot of the players are using weapons named just like a regular skinned weapon ( `` m4a4 | desert storm '' or `` p250 | gunsmoke '' ) yet they have a stattrak counter . 
  i 've never seen a stattrak weapon on match making without the purple `` stattrak '' in the name . 
  they do n't appear to be renamed either ( besides who would rename a gun to the default name ? ) . 
  are these a real thing or are they something only seen in custom pro games ? 
  could they be stattrak weapons that were dropped and not from a crate ? 
  does anyone know an explanation for this ? 
  i can post screenshots of several such weapons as soon as the astana clan mystik vod comes available . 
  or a reason to take more dangerous inmates into your prison ? 
  the minimum security prisoners seem to fight a lot less , and from what i could understand you get just as much money for them . 
  also allowing only minimum security in wo n't even slow your progress down . 
  if i choose min only i get 8 minimum security prisoners , if i choose , min , max and normal i get a total of 8 with some of each . 
  is there something i 'm missing ? 
  i 've only reviewed a few so far , but they all seem to start at a score of around 11-4 or 12-3 and the suspect sitting at 25-30 kills already . 
  nobody 's stupid enough to cheat all the time . 
  if you 've pretty much secured the win you turn the cheats off . 
  a lot of my cases have been players playing terribly and barely killing anyone yet they already have 33-5 or something against the same opponents . 
  very suspicious , but of course nothing even remotely conclusive . 
  i 'd much rather see the first 8 rounds than the last 8 rounds . 
  pretty much what the title says . 
  how to spawn bots at your crosshair like i see on many tutorial videos on youtube ? 
  i 've googled all sorts of bot command lists but all i 've managed to do is spawn bots at the team spawn . 
  what command do i need ? 
  about a month ago i and about 1/4 of my friends kept getting short < 5 second connection problems of official valve matchmaking servers . 
  the issue was fixed a few weeks ago but today with the update they came back . 
  i know the problem is not in my end because we always lag out at the same time . 
  it 's also server dependent . 
  on some games there is zero problems and some games we get connection problems every round . 
  i 've tried reinstalling the game and default configs and everything with no help . 
  how the fuck could valve unfix a major problem like this if they already managed to get it right once ? 
  and is there anything i can do to fix this ? 
  anyone else rocking any statrack shotguns ? 
  what 's your score ? 
  i just got my 100th kill on a swag-7 ( all competetive matchmaking ) . 
  if i 'm ** not ** the lobby leader the game will crash 80 % of the time when the search is started . 
  if i am the lobby leader it wo n't for some reason . 
  once i get into a game ( or the search starts succesfully ) i do n't have any problems either . 
  i 've never had crashing issues , in the 400 or so hours i 've played the game has crashed less than 5 times . 
  this problem occured after the latest patch . 
  i 've verified game cache and reinstalled the game ( i deleted all the configs etc. 
  manually as well ) . 
  if anyone knows a fix or has similiar issues i 'd love to hear . 
  i 'm running the game on osx 10.8.5 . 
  i know some people consider that a reason alone for downvoting , but please do n't as this is getting really frustrating . 
  i submitted a steam ticket but i do n't know if those actually help anything and i know some of the developers read this sub actively . 
  i have n't posted on this sub before so i 'm not sure how pure discussion without actual content is welcomed but twitch chat is n't really optimal for intelligent discussion either and i did n't see any rules prohibiting it . 
  i 've been watching agdq for two years now and by far the biggest improvement to this event is how few donations they read out loud . 
  the runner commentary is by far my favourite and most interesting part of the runs . 
  i do n't know if the sudden boost in popularity took them surprise in the last few events and they tried to stick to the old way of reading out almost every donation but that was by far my biggest grudge about the last two events . 
  the runners barely had time to talk or explain what they were doing or why . 
  this year it 's been much better , only a few donations read out every fifteen minutes or so , sometimes entire games with no donation messages . 
  when they do read out donations it 's after the runner tells them there 's nothing important to say about the game . 
  because let 's be honest . 
  nobody cares about the donation messages other than the donator themself .
