  you see an enemy that 's apparently high up and another that 's to his left but 20 feet lower , all you need to do is move your aim to the left . 
  are there no mirrors in the game or do they just circumvent that by having another player model rendered behind the mirror surface ? 
  is this oc ? 
  nice work regardless . 
  who are these `` people '' you keep referring to ? 
  i visit this subreddit almost daily and so far i 've only encountered one person claiming he speaks for a fairly large portion of the community . 
  finnish engineering !, 
  this picture is in reference to [ this image ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ve2rsqt.jpg ) . 
  more about it [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/3e2dud/the_train_in_fallout_3s_broken_steel_expansion/ ) . 
  source of the pic ( i do n't know if this is the original source but where i found it ) [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/3e2dud/the_train_in_fallout_3s_broken_steel_expansion/ctb3tsz ) . 
  if only we had a color coded map to represent such a shrinkage . 
  it 's still pretty hard to read in a lot of places . 
  those pictures are n't downscaled so ctrl + hardly helps . 
  i 'm running it 24/7 personally even on a desktop and ca n't say i 've noticed any difference even in performance intensive games like arma 3 . 
  great software for when unexpected funny shit happens . 
  it requires you to pick techies though . 
  it 's also not the point of this video . 
  i remember the original post , op said that thing was just a placeholder as he believed valve would do a better job than any victory screen he could come up with anyway . 
  this video is to showcase the idea of all this extra information right there in the game without requiring something like dotabuff plus replay analysis . 
  not the fucking victory text . 
  yeah terrible ideas like detailed statistics . 
  the pause feature should n't be used to `` have fun '', 
   half the fun in dota is the trashtalk . 
  no it is n't, 
  let me guess . 
  that 's when you started ? 
  stop right there kiddo . 
  you do n't talk shit about the cm arcana . 
  swimming in money and ignoring customer support mostly, 
  lina obviously, 
  also people voted pretty smartly this year . 
  tons of popular heroes like sniper and pudge got dropped even in the playoff stages, 
  do i really want to spend 16 minutes of my day to watch a video about dota players dongers, 
  that change of subject to the game like the phone call never happened was probably the worst possible way he could 've handled that . 
  that 's what 's entertaining about it . 
  it 's a mediocre comeback at best . 
  there is no reason to freeze up at such a weak burn unless it hit a nerve . 
  it 's almost as if some people actually enjoy using the hats instead of trying to earn two cents by trading, 
  yeah i have n't touched reborn since launch and i 'd like to know if the map is still so awkwardly square everywhere . 
  it 's gotten to the point where i actually consider watching vods of old twitch broadcasts . 
  level 34 compendium , both regular and gold shield, 
  thought i traded my regular shield to the lesh stick after getting the gold one, 
  i should probably be worried that this feature would be much less useful for me than shadowplay already is . 
  the likelihood of recording sex is again higher with shadowplay . 
  i was able to trade my luna shield to a lesh stick and have n't pulverized a thing so i 'm not sure what you 're talking about . 
  also why in the world would valve make the immortals marketable ? 
  that would eat so much of their profits from compendium sales it makes absolutely no sense . 
  no , i asked if anyone had a spare lesh stick in dota chat and some guy traded his for my luna shield . 
  10/10 would do again . 
   if a woman acts like it was n't rape after she was raped , well women who are raped act strange after being raped , obviously . 
  so , it 's also rape . 
  that 's not what anyone 's saying though . 
  it 's `` she acts like it was n't rape after she was raped , that does n't mean it could n't have been a rape '' . 
  there 's a difference . 
  well now there are ( supposedly ) pros from around the world on one server . 
  why the fuck are you talking about coins ? 
  the discussion was about trading hats . 
  unranked picking phase sucks though . 
  i personally would be willing to lose 25 mmr each game if only it meant i could play the ranked version of allpick ( or cm ) . 
  i spent more time exploring the map during the first 2 weeks of gta5 when there was no online than i ever did in gtao, 
  much of gta5 's development went into gtao . 
  which would seem like a surprise if you ever played gtao . 
  it has grove street , what else do you want ? 
  there are n't many `` iconic '' places in gta : sa , it 's just a crappy representation of la. 
  gta5 went for a more photorealistic representation of la and added the one place people remembered from sa . 
  other than that sa was just just random recycled buildings and fast food joints . 
  just to clarify i 'm not saying it 's a bad thing . 
  that looks like it would be pretty good . 
  especially with some rice or potatoes or any side dish like that . 
  i sort of like living in a country with modern fiber internet so it really does n't make a difference :\\ ^ ), 
  all circlejerking aside it really is bullshit . 
  even if i do genuinely enjoy not having cared about file sizes since 2005 :\\ ^ ), 
  as somebody who 's been following the game for decades i did n't realize it was a thing . 
  and looking at the wikipedia page it 's been mostly organized in japan or united arab emirates for many years in a row . 
  seems like a glorified exhibition match if you ask me . 
  or somebody who went to middle school !, 
  some people fear failure much much more than others . 
  one example that comes to mind is starcraft where there was a real issue called `` ladder anxiety '' meaning people could n't play the game they wanted to play because they feared defeat so much . 
  people even wrote papers about it and some pro players gave tips how to fight it . 
  for the rest of us things like these just seem incomprehensible . 
  yeah i get 15 minutes with shadowplay but i agree if it was n't for that feature i would 've never installed the piece of shit software that nvidia offers . 
  as someone who has played 3 games of techies when i decided to do the `` all hero challenge '' : no it is n't . 
  the hero is boring as fuck and just feels gimmicky and out of place . 
  dota 2 is free to play with zero grind . 
  everything unlocked from the start except for cosmetics . 
  it 's also a better game than hots . 
  yeah i 'm the opposite . 
  i never play unranked game modes in starcraft or mobas because i get this feeling of having nothing to show for your win . 
  do n't get me wrong i still enjoy the game and it 's more important to me than points but as i do n't get this `` stress '' of losing i see no upside to playing unranked . 
  winning and realizing it was unranked would be more frustrating to me than losing ranked . 
  i do n't take online shit talk personally either so teammates taking the game more seriously is just a plus in my eyes . 
  well they 're not in the game , are they ? 
  gta5 is not a san andreas remake , it just uses one city from san andreas . 
  expecting them to have landmarks from those other cities seems kinda ridiculous if you ask me . 
   when i heard they were remodeling the sa map for v , i was hoping it would be the whole thing , not just los santos . 
  but they never ever said that . 
  literally the first reveal teaser stated the game is situated in los santos , not a remodeled sa world . 
  what keyboard is it ? 
  that does sound peculiar given that regardless of which switches it uses the very design of mechanical keyboards prevents that from happening . 
  to make it simple a membrane keyboard works by detecting interference in a signal sent across the keyboard and figuring out which keypress caused that interference .
