  just drop the gem , when you pick it up it should be empty, 
  ok but i was never talking about how gay people irritate anyone . 
  i was talking about the double standards and hypocrisy . 
  it is actually most often done straight people , kinda the same phenomenon as white guilt . 
  googled . 
  looks interesting . 
  thanks . 
  whoops . 
  had n't seen it before though, 
  i was actually surprised how good that was . 
  you could drop the monster bit because it does n't really work in a stand-up , felt more like a strip comic joke or something . 
  other than that keep up the good work . 
   when performers try and stop the audience from clapping like that, 
  what part are you referring to ? 
  i even tried watching it again but i ca n't see where he tried to silence the audience . 
  e. oh you mean right at the beginning ? 
  i did n't really get the me gusta face but liked it anyway, 
  well not if you 're playing them, 
  i ca n't understand the joke but i hate damn feminist lesbian cunts as well so . . upvote ? 
  it would probably be easier to cut it off with scissors than going to a hospital, 
  why do you assume the comments had anything to do with karma ? 
  obsessing or even caring about karma should wear off around the 3rd month . 
  read the op . 
  there used to be but i have n't seen any in like the last 25-40 `` real hours '' . 
  how do you throw shit with telekinesis ? 
  i have a pretty low alteration rating and only the basic telekinesis spell , do i need something else ? 
  well a username is different from `` hey i saw reddit on your history you like that site ? '' . 
  i would n't want my friends to know my nickname either , in which i have failed btw . 
  holy shit that thing is huge and awesome . 
  the only downside i see is that there is no bigger space available in case you decide to upgrade from that 15 '' crt television . 
  for enhancements . 
  like i said i have gotten only a few big souls in the last 40 hours of gameplay or so . 
  i 'm running out . 
  i do n't have smithing or enhancements at 100 yet so i constantly keep upgrading my stuff . 
  also because having 20 greater + 20 grand souls in your inventory takes up a lot of unnecessary space but it 's not like i 'm gon na sell them empty . 
  what i 'm wondering is why would a fireman teach people bullshit like this , especially if it 's some sort of safety training thing . 
  yeah me too . 
  while i loved the old ssx 's and the demo it was n't one of those games i just must buy at launch . 
  besides it 's a relatively smaller release so it should be # 15 in like a few months . 
  quality over quantity, 
  i doubt she 's any bang bros or brazzers or other american gonzo porn star, 
  we have a newbie over here, 
  it 's possible but it 's easier and cheaper to just buy an `` old '' hard drive . 
  what do you mean future ? 
  are you saying we ca n't actually spend our karma ? 
   in some asian countries they are referred to as fall teeth as they will eventually fall out , ** while in almost all european languages they are called milk teeth ** . 
  probably non-english native, 
  i would say yes . 
   you just do n't tell a gay joke unless you know with 100 % certainty that the people you are telling it to would not be offended by it . 
  yes i do . 
  if people are offended by a genuine joke ( not just picking on someone in the form of a joke ) that 's their problem and i wo n't start second guessing myself because someone somewhere might be offended . 
  luckily i have a real skill instead of going to business school and sucking up to people my whole life so i do n't need to worry but thanks for your consern . 
  oh and i do n't live in the states so not everyone around me is just looking to get offended . 
  \\  implying reddit does n't do greentext, 
  \\  does n't know how to use  's, 
  i 'd say posting a pic of your dead/dying mom on facebook is pretty douchey, 
  i 'm not going to argue whether this is nsfw or not but why would someone post a '' ( sfw ) '' gif to r/nsfw _ gif, 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's part of the boys fantasies, 
   probably non-english native, 
  i love peer pressure, 
  ads ? 
  on the internet ? 
  not sure what you 're talking about, 
  yeah i eat them straight up too . 
  i make sure they 're dry as paper though . 
  if they 're moist they taste like ten times worse . 
  what ? 
  for me shrooms are exactly the kind of drug i want to do alone . 
  it 's very insightful and i being social on shrooms sounds like a nightmare, 
  you wish you were him, 
  thanks for reminding me of this movie . 
  and it looks like a proper brrip is finally out . 
  so again , thanks . 
  i do n't know . 
  the ac series plot has so far taken place primarily in europe . 
  the american revolution had effects on the rest of the world you know , so ac 3 probably is n't just completely about america . 
  are you seriously calling brotherhood and revelations amazing improvements ? 
  they 're like ac 2.5 and ac 2.75 . 
  and i love the series so i 'm not even hating . 
  they came out less than a year apart, 
  i always carry a ligter on me . 
  great ice breaker . 
  and it 's a sweet zippo , 
  or nap, 
   you do n't think in a language . 
  your brain instantly knows what it wants , but you then turn it into language . 
  i think you 're splitting hairs a little bit . 
  even if the original thought is something `` pure '' and not a language my thoughts still develop a lot in the form of a monologue or a conversation . 
  those definitely have a language . 
  i mostly think in english , which has got me a bit worried ( not my native language ), 
  yeah that 's the reason i wanted to hide it as well instead of upvoting . 
  kinda ruined the entire thing . 
  at least it 's smirnoff and russian standard . 
  not bad choices for vodka . 
  haters gon na hate, 
  yeah my bad brain fart i mean the american revolution . 
  which also had a much bigger worldwide impact than the civil war . 
  yeah i do n't see how an off-duty cop can use `` excessive force '' . 
  he was n't working , he was n't doing `` police duties '' , he was a citizen who shot at another citizen . 
  that 's attempted murder , not `` excessive force '' .
