  she used to mastrubate on cam for free too . 
  nowadays she wo n't even go topless unless it 's a private chat . 
  i 'm glad i have about 25 gigs of her downloaded from torrent sites though . 
  the last 3 panels . 
  i 'm susprised there are people who play cs who have n't rebinded `` shift-tab '' . 
  that shit is annoying as hell . 
  that 's just impossible . 
  browsing your skins or buying new skins is totally reasonable but audio settings ? 
  you think valve employs wizards ? 
  my in-game friend list only shows people who own cs . 
  i wonder why yours does n't . 
   duck around a wall and shrug it off . 
  so you play softcore and complaing about the effectiveness of the .50 cal when a thing like health regeneration is also in the game ? 
  play hardcore , does n't take more than one or maybe two bullets from a .50 to kill you . 
  they 're not that rare . 
  there are dozens available online , 
   not even dropping $ 1000 will get you that anymore lol, 
  no shit . 
  i remember watching her like 2 or 3 months ago and she got like 50000 in tips ( $ 2500 ) in an hour just sitting there fully clothed . 
  i do n't have direct links anymore ( it 's been a while since i downloaded them ) but i think the usual site like tpb or empornium etc. 
  have some if you just search for `` crazysysy '' . 
  http://kickass.to/usearch/crazysysy/ this should get you started . 
  if anything a complete moron would need those extra panels to get the joke . 
  e. see , even removing that one panel makes it instantly better : http://i.imgur.com/3ttbjeb.jpg, 
  i use shift for crouch but it 's pretty much the same whether it 's walking or crouching . 
  i know you do n't * need * to check the scoreboard while playing but when you 're the only one left trying to remain silent and quickly decide to check who you 're playing against and all of a sudden a fucking web browser pops up you 're going to be mad you did n't rebind it . 
  and yes i know the icons on the top , old habits die hard . 
  i know you were n't . 
  it 's just one of those things that 's easy to forget after formatting or reinstalling steam or something and you can easily play for a long time without noticing it until that one time it fucks up your 1on1 . 
  i think people need to take some responsibility themselves . 
  not only do you need to type in the price , you need to check a box and click `` ok '' . 
  i realize mistakes happen but you ca n't really blame valve for people being so careless with expensive items . 
  yeah he could . 
  after 15 days of creating the account . 
  i 'd rather wait two weeks than take the chance that someone will buy it quicker than i can . 
  yeah because everyone remembers what they did 3 months old, 
  yeah because it took a total of 2 second to mute everyone in the lobby ( create an empty party ) in case you were matched up with idiots . 
  that 's totally too much trouble to give voice communications a chance . 
  yeah my grandpa was born in 1916 and i 'm 22 . 
  on top of it all i 'm the oldest sibling . 
  you could see it was an ad/sketch because they looked like real athletes in an olympic setting . 
  if such a competition existed in real life they 'd be wearing t-shirts or something and it 'd look much cheaper . 
  but being lazy is the point of being high . 
  if i wanted to get shit done efficiently i would n't smoke weed before it . 
  quit your job . 
  more time for being stoned . 
  i 'm on a mac and it loaded just fine ( no waiting ) . 
  i also use adblock . 
  and i 'm not american . 
  top 3 cities miami , fort lauderdale , orlando . 
  apparently they 're really certain i speak like a floridian . 
  i never though i did . 
  i do n't even know what a florida accent is supposed to be like . 
  that 's complete bullshit and the winter solstice festive/decorated pine tree tradition is much older than the bible . 
  or at least from time before the bible reached those places . 
  yeah but internet does n't follow real life rules . 
  your size simply is n't relevant . 
  just like your [ gender ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/283/712/6cd.png ) . 
  or other characteristics that do n't translate into ones and zeroes . 
  maybe it 's for dramatic effect . 
  your girlfriend sounds like an annoying bitch . 
  just commenting so i remember this . 
  that noodle recipe sounds really easy , a little suspiciously easy . 
  you really need to do nothing else than mix flour , water and salt , cut it up and boil it ? 
  also what are `` japanese spices '' ? 
  could you name a few most important ? 
  i really do n't like buying `` spice mixes '' or anything like that . 
  or questions that you know the answer to because you 've seen the movie before but the average viewer is n't supposed to know yet and you 're not sure how to respond . 
  makes sense . 
  i loved the ad and was entertained for 2 minutes . 
  i 've also subscribed to / r/cringe for years . 
  have you tried getting a + on all levels ? 
  it 's not as fun as the first playthrough but if you want something to kill time with it 's great . 
  i do n't think you read the entire message . 
  i think the awesomeness of amazon giftcards has to do with age and financial situation . 
  it 's like getting money . 
  it was great when i was younger but these days i 'd rather get a gift of less value that showed the person put effort to buy me something i really liked than just money . 
  i do n't need money . 
  i can go buy my own shit if i want . 
  that 's not the point of christmas presents to me . 
  i obviously would n't complain about a giftcard because i 'm not a douche but i do n't personally consider it `` the perfect present '' . 
  but i want to upvote for visibility because i believe meta discussion is important for this sub yet i 'm not informed enough to make a decision . 
  i 've never even thought that this sub would be racist yet it 's presented like a known fact . 
  yes i see the userbase statistics but that does n't automatically make this sub racist . 
  a bunch of kkk member could discuss watches on a subreddit about clocks and that would n't make the discussion racist . 
  yup, 
  yeah because comparing the u.s to other similiarly advanced industrial countries is `` lying '' . 
  we should compare u.s to fucking uganda so it would n't be last on the list for you to be happy ? 
  i do n't think the message of the graph was that united states is the absolute worst country in the world . 
  it 's just worse than other civilized first world countries . 
  i 'm not even american and i know that in america `` am i under arrest '' is not the same as `` am i free to go '' . 
  pretty common sense to be honest . 
  yeah i understood if a 16 year old found it embarassing when his mom wanted to play xbox with him but 24 ? 
  you should be over that by then . 
  24 year olds should understand the value of spending time with family , let alone playing vidya with family . 
  which ones ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  every single one of those is below u.s, 
  yes it would be nice to have a graph with all the countries of the world but often `` easy to read '' comes before being thorough . 
  yeah i do n't care about the picture representing people 's drawings but why the fuck is there no baltic sea in the `` real satellite image '' .
