  sometimes a secondary or third key pressed is on the same `` route '' that 's already interfered with and therefore does n't register . 
  a mechanical keyboard has individual switches for each key , that 's the point and definition of a mechanical keyboard . 
  that 's why each keypress is totally independent from each other . 
  no matter how cheap or crappy or anything a mechanical keyboard should n't suffer from this phenomenon . 
  this is n't the first time they 've said they 've fixed it though, 
   the first til that i actually knew before this was posted, 
  you must not know much, 
  same people posting the same shit anyway, 
  pics of freakazoids mom, 
  i wan na know if she 'll take the spot of esports milf from momteezy, 
  then something 's probably wrong with either your diet or excercise habits . 
  the thing is absolutely anyone can get a prescription for adderall . 
  if they allowed prescription meds like that people would just get a description and the whole testing would be for nothing . 
  yeah nicklas backstr\u00f6m could n't compete in the olympic finals last year because he 'd taken too much prescription cough/cold medicine or something . 
  e. http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/24/sports/olympics/nicklas-backstrom-misses-final-after-failed-drug-test.html?_r=0, 
  so basically turn csgo into an american university kappa, 
   essentially you are saying coca cola isnt a doftdrink , its coca cola . 
  what ? 
  more like he 's saying coca cola is a soft drink and you 're saying no it is n't it 's coca cola . 
  what a surprise . 
  a csgo professional struggling with add , poor guy . 
  i had a `` friend '' in high school who 'd do this . 
  he faked having cancer but this was second year so everyone already knew not to believe his shit . 
  he kept it going for like a week and basically nobody reacted in any way so he just dropped the story and never mentioned it again . 
  i do n't know about baseball but the finnish women 's hockey team who had just won bronze at the vancouver olympics practiced against [ 14-15 year old boys ] ( http://www.junnut.com/t1/lue.php?id=11019 ) with the same roster and did n't win a single match . 
  you can see the scores if you scroll down, 
  it 's not a one time thing , they actually practice against `` c-juniors '' ( 14 year olds ) quite [ regularly ] ( http://www.iltalehti.fi/jaakiekko/2009120910751680_jk.shtml ) . 
  it 's just rarely reported because the league considers it bad press what with all the feminism etc. 
  well it 's not like mj was a stranger to publicity, 
  yeah because the level of marketing was something totally different from your average cartoon . 
  you ca n't measure how good a movie is by box office income . 
  14 year old writes like there 's a lenght requirement, 
  so basically guys with a crush on you were asking their friends to say good things about him ? 
  sounds like pretty normal behaviour to me tbh . 
  it also sounds like you 're complaining about being so popular that `` so many men '' were interested in you . 
   if you are that awful of a person , okay , get mental help or off yourself if you really really feel the need and are really really that horrible but ... why take others down too, 
  your post seems to insinuate that people who kill themselves are `` really really horrible '' even if they do n't hurt others while doing it, 
  yeah but you 're dead so why would you care what it makes you ? 
  because the `` it could happen to you '' aspect sells . 
  trying to tell middle-class america that `` gang violence could happen to you '' is much more difficult . 
   does anybody genuinely believe more murderous people with psychological disorders just happen to be born here, 
  the lack of free healthcare , workers ' rights and other `` safety nets '' found in most western countries could certainly play a role in it . 
  it creates more situations where people think ( whether they 're right or not ) that they have no way out and suicidal people can be a risk to their surroundings . 
  was n't there just some cia files made public ( classified for 50 years i think ) that indicated that the cia 's stance at the time really was that hitler was living in south america ? 
  i remember it was a big thing on the internet but no real news sites or normies on general seemed to pay any attention, 
  but you 're not conscious to experience it so what difference does it make ? 
  ww2 games were already huge before cod1, 
  not really . 
  what he 's saying is that for previous generation people did n't see a need for a babysitter . 
  kids played outsite or inside and did stuff , alone and with friends . 
  found a porn stash in the woods , drank too much soda and puked , secretly played mortal kombat on a friend 's older brother 's computer . 
  that 's how most kids childhood was in the 90s . 
  saying `` do n't let call of duty babysit your kid '' insinuates that a babysitter is required whether it is the parents , a maid or the videogames . 
  except he was saying how he enjoyed his youth in his generation . 
  that 's like the opposite of that sub . 
  there are people who will shoot at any moving target in a video game if that thing has a hitbox . 
  these are the same kinds of people who attacked the npc at the first bonfire in dark souls . 
  i will never be able to understand it but it 's pretty common if you watch twitch or let 's plays . 
   sacrificing playability for improved physics engines and visuals, 
  if only ms and sony had even less powerful consoles the games would be so much more playable . 
  yeah but nintendo 's consoles play games at 30fps too , just with shittier resolution or graphics . 
  that 's why it 's stupid to say ms and sony are making games unplayable by making more powerful consoles . 
  if anything the games are unplayable because despite being better than wii u the consoles still are n't powerful enough . 
  i own a ps4 and can genuinely say even though i love the design of bloodborne there 's not a moment while i 'm playing that i 'm not bothered by the 30 fps . 
  it 's constantly hindering my ability to enjoy the game . 
  the only thing that makes this shitty is using garlic powder instead of real garlic, 
  where the fuck do you live where libraries are n't free ? 
   in my mind , people do n't have a fundamental right to the forms of entertainment they get from piracy, 
  yeah but people who pirate usually simply do n't care about `` fundamental rights '' and all the ethics around it . 
  for them it 's `` i do n't have money to buy this , i want this , i get this '' . 
  and since you did n't have money to get it in the first place the devs are losing nothing by you playing it for free . 
  pirating a video game does n't cost the publisher anything so it 's easy to see why they do n't consider they 're hurting anyone . 
  if there are plenty of good mobile games out there you 'd think i would 've ever played one . 
   believe me there are a lot more shit pc games than you think, 
  not in the top sellers there are n't . 
  now i want to see gameplay footage, 
  e. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rswkxb7kao amazing . 
  you ca n't even move, 
  but you 're not there to experience it so why would you care ? 
  it 's not a . jpg despite having the file extension . jpg . 
  on imgur file extensions do n't matter , you can put . jpg or . png or . gif in the url and it loads the same . gif file . 
  what you said about changing it to `` gifv '' ( = webm ) is still true though . 
  why do people buy these logitech or mad catz controllers in a world where 360 controller works natively with pc ? 
  they were shit in the 90s when you could n't ( easily ) use a console controller with a pc and they 're shit now . 
  yeah but do you really think a person in the mental state that he 's about to murder a bunch of strangers because `` why not i 'm going to kill myself anyway '' really places much value on how others see him ? 
  i 'm not even in that state and i can still say i do n't make any decisions in my life based on `` what others will think after i 'm dead '' . 
  day of the tentacle was the first `` real '' pc game i had and i played it with my neighbour before either of us spoke english so my mom wrote down on a paper all the translations for `` push , pull , talk , use , look '' etc. 
  we 'd hold that thing up to the screen while playing and then run back to her whenever something interactable popped up in our inventory . 
  yeah but the point of that sub is `` i wish i was born into a different generation '' . 
  which this post is n't . 
  i just replayed dark alliance with a friend like 2 years ago and was surprised how well it had aged . 
  it really felt like playing a good game , not a good old game . 
  dark alliance was n't even released for pc and was a spin-off and it 's own series more than a `` console version '' . 
  it was a co-op action hack 'n slash compared to the pc baldur 's gate which was much more of a traditional rpg . 
  it was also amazing . 
  the drop-in multiplayer really was a great feature . 
  i do n't remember many other games doing that at the time or even since . 
  of course turtles etc. 
  arcade style games had the `` player 2 entered the game '' but da did it with levelable and saveable characters . 
  my friend would come over and play the dwarf and when he left i could just continue my game alone with the sorceress .
