  maybe a bit of salt . 
  takes like 10 minutes and it 's definitely worth it . 
  i rarely even order pizza anymore because i make better myself . 
  not necessarily a joke . 
  in many cultures it 's fairly common to go swimming naked or sauna naked etc. 
  especially after a few drinks . 
  i 've seen basically all my guy friends ' dicks at some point or another . 
  i have n't measured any of them though . 
  that only happens in countries with shitty plumbing . 
  never had it happen in european showers . 
  i 've never showered in the soviet bloc though . 
  same with hockey . 
  it 's probably a culture thing , the further north you get people use their hands less in conversations and simply do n't touch each other . 
  or they do , but it 's seen and meant as a hostile act , not something that 's part of a regular conversation . 
  no one 's saying it was a violent headbutt . 
  shoving your face 1 inch from the ref even if there was no contact at all is unacceptable . 
  worst part about football . 
  even in `` barbaric '' sports like rugby , handegg and ice hockey they treat refs with respect and not this shit . 
  even watermelons make some people shit ? 
  but they 're basically water !, 
  it 's like every day on reddit i learn a new food that 's supposed to upset your stomach . 
  i guess i 'm lucky cause even taco bell does n't seem to affect my pooping . 
  i attended one of them ( top100 ) too and it was free . 
  most european countries have at least one school up there so i do n't really understand why anyone would care whether half of them are expensive american shools or not . 
  you do n't need to go to all the schools in top 100 , one or two is enough . 
  why do people who do n't drive cars pay for public roads ? 
  why do healthy people pay for public healthcare services ? 
  why do your taxes fund services for mentally challenged if you 're not mentally challenged yourself ? 
  why do your tax dollars pay for libraries when you do n't like reading books ? 
  you do n't see people saying high schools should n't be paid for by tax dollars because people agree it 's important that everyone can get a high school education . 
  in europe people believe the exact logic applies to college . 
  it should be available to everyone without money being a factor . 
  assuming you 're healthy are you also against spending tax money on programs for mentally handicapped or people with rare diseases ? 
  or soup kitchens for homeless because you yourself wo n't visit them ? 
  some people , if not most people , are ok with the idea that not all the taxes they pay directly benefit themselves . 
  i 'm not a war veteran either but i might donate to a war veteran fund . 
  and i think it 's great my tax euros are used for programs that benefit those in need , even if i 'm not one of those people . 
  i do n't think it 's just that . 
  this sub has a long history of denying any negative effects of marijuana and overall downvoting any submissions that would `` give marijuana a bad reputation '' since people got all excited about the possibility of legalization and whatnot . 
  i would n't classify myself as one but i find it kind of annoying when someone admits they 're the stereotypical stoner and there 's immidiately 10 responses telling them how they should shape up and start living more healthy and be a productive member of society because that 's the image we need . 
   it 's the `` antipikha-dachi '' railroad crossing in chita , zabaykalskiy krai , russia . 
   i think this is the [ street view ] ( https://www.google.ca/maps/place/51%c2%b059'10.0%22n+113%c2%b033'32.2%22e/@51.9861234,113.5589338,3a,90y,229.56h,88.38t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sfdnspttguoc6ejjepc9fra!2e0!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x0!6m1!1e1 ) . 
  ** note : ** this is the opposite side of the tracks from the cammer . 
  no street view is available from that side . 
   note the shack and the white fence with criss-cross pattern , which matches what cammer sees at the very start ( rewind to 0:00 ) . 
   this is the most traumatizing video on the internet, 
  you 're clearly new here, 
  or just any kind of religiously-motivated person amirite \\* tips trilby *, 
  yeah that 's just not gon na work . 
  people donate the most money to things that have done their pr right and are easy to market , not the things that actually matter . 
  we 'd have thousand times the necessary funding for breast cancer research and cute puppy adoption clinics and no money going to things like sewage treatment . 
  i 'm kind of embarassed to admit this but til henry is n't actually retired . 
  did you look at the game ? 
  the person who published this game is clearly either a. trying to scam a few bucks from people who buy any game out there and is probably thinking any publicity is good publicity or b. mentally handicapped . 
  are you implying you needed more than 30 seconds of gameplay footage to determine this game was absolute garbage you would n't play even if it was free ? 
  that 's reddit , not 4chan . 
  i looked at the picture and i still do n't know what to do, 
  yeah but the game was basically still in development back then . 
  no real competition . 
  winning a major against tough competition was much more impressive than dominating a game where they were almost the only real pro team . 
  same with gains . 
  only men can truly appreciate another man 's physique . 
  no homo . 
  everything went better than expected, 
  i need a gif of mma winning, 
  there is no reason not to have damaged hp bars, 
  protip : if you have to explain why it 's fun , it 's not fun, 
  8th from the top with a vague title :(, 
  i 'll probably just go play some myself and watch the vods to be honest . 
  at least you can fast forward the wait . 
  or just the ro16 from this tournament . 
  great starcraft with no technical issues . 
  cheese finds a way, 
  i 'm not against the idea of a gradual mining efficiency but we 've seen players `` harass '' drop and kill bases even in this tournament so i do n't see how that 's different gameplay wise from dropping and killing workers . 
  i also dislike the lowered mineral amount idea . 
  it 's stayed over 100k ever since then for more than an hour now ( [ 103k right now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pmwt2hf.png ) ), 
  e. an hour without interruptions and 113k !, 
  yeah life won and 127 now, 
   but you could try one of the oluthuone beer houses [ 1 ] around town . 
  yeah especially kaisla, 
  136k when life lifted the trophy , i did n't keep an eye on it during the last games, 
  now i feel bad for all the puns, 
   i do n't subscribe to this sub for til material in graph form . 
  exactly . 
  i upvoted because i did n't know the numbers before , then removed my vote when i saw the sub i was on . 
  context . 
  had op responded with `` r/dadjokes '' it probably would 've been upvoted . 
  but he already made the joke by saying `` thanks dad '' ( basically same thing ) and then jezturner arrived and forced the joke we all already understood was being referenced . 
  ovi is love , ovi is life, 
  yes, 
  did you clear cache ? 
  always clear cache when you have weird error messages . 
  exactly . 
  i never understood why people were so obsessed about '' # 1 on twitch '' etc. 
  i 've watched hockey all my life , i love hockey . 
  never once has it occurred to me while watching hockey that `` damn , this is n't the most popular sport in the world . '', 
  this sub is just `` til in graph form '' these days . 
  not that i 'm really complaining , there are lots of interesting posts here that are n't exactly `` beaufitul '' or along the original idea of the sub . 
   i 'm just saying even in prosperous parts of the world they rarely can eliminate homelessness from cities that size . 
  yeah but in prosperous parts of the world we have laws and human rights and other hindurances for cleaning out unwanted riffraff .
