  that 's exactly the kind of container i 'd like to stick my hand in to reach for something . 
  boobs, 
   not original 151, 
  into the trash it goes, 
   next time it goes on sale i 'd recommend it . 
  it 's 8 $ on g2a with the season pass for 2 $ . 
  i just bought it yesterday . 
  you can get the game with all the dlc for under 10 $ on g2a . 
  i ca n't even see the video . 
  just hear the sounds . 
  thank god chrome allows you to mute tabs . 
  to be honest if i had to spend 41 hours like that i 'd rather do it in the dark than under bright fluorescent lights . 
  i 'm having trouble understanding how someone can be old enough to remember it but too young to climb out by themself, 
  terabyte is like 30 $ and how often do you get 50 save worthy moments in one play session ? 
  you mean play against a friend ? 
  because that is much more fun . 
  but if you mean play against the ai i 'd rather punch myself in the face for 30 minutes and have more fun . 
  and if you set chrome : / / flags / #enable - tab-audio-muting on you can just click on the speaker button that appears when there is audio playing . 
  the original reasoning had something to do with design philosophy and not wanting the browser to be responsible for audio or something . 
  but now that the feature is still there just more difficult to use i have no clue . 
   after much debate , we decided not to proceed with a tab mute control , as this crosses a very important line : if we provide chrome controls for content , we 're implying that chrome should take on a responsibility to police content . 
   today , users are ( rightfully ) mad at misbehaving content for doing things like auto-playing annoying ad audio , but they should continue to pressure web site authors to change this behavior . 
  also , some have pointed out that there is already a mute button to the right of the audio indicator ( the `` x '' ) . 
  in all seriousness , note that many web pages will register onclose ( ) events to monitor when users leave their site . 
  thus , closing the tab will be a very strong signal to the web sites that their annoying ads are scaring all their users away !, 
   for `` behaving '' content , we think it 's reasonable for a user to click on a tab and use the content 's media controls to stop playback . 
  in this case , a chrome tab mute control would be redundant . 
  this redundancy is bad since it can confuse users ( e.g. , to play a video and forget that a tab was muted days ago ) ; and , based on experience , confused users often report unexpected behaviors as browser bugs , which would be a big distraction to the support and eng staff . 
  i think it 's like a mixture between [ this ] ( http://www.russianarmysurplus.com/media/products/soldiers-ushanka.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://blogit.mtv.fi/villapallo/files/nyppypiporuskea.jpg ), 
  well yes and no . 
  what made firefox stand out from it 's competitors 10 years ago and fueled the slow abandonment of ie was customizability . 
  consumers wanting additional control over websites instead of `` trusting them '' to be perfect is nothing new and it seems like an odd time to draw a line in the sand when chrome has tons of similiar features already . 
  they 're global keys so usually purchased from countries such as brazil where steam prices are much lower but they can be activated anywhere ( hence the name global ) and are identical to a game purchased from steam store . 
  these sites are really profitable businesses for obvious reasons so there 's absolutely no reason for them to try to scam you out of 8 dollars . 
  the ones that feature 3rd party sellers amazon style always have some sort of `` protection '' or `` shield '' or whatever meaning the site will compensate you if the key for whatever reason does not work . 
  you 're so full of shit . 
  99 % of the keys are legitimate , they just abuse the exchange rates . 
  i recommend you google some research by elizabeth loftus . 
  people create false memories all the time and genuinely believe in them . 
  false memories are often built around existing memories and reinforced by other memories . 
  i for example thought for a long time i remembered our first house we moved out of at age 3 but have since realized i just `` pieced it together '' from a few pictures i 've seen . 
  houses are rarely unique enough that you ca n't just imagine a layout close enough to your dad 's memory which is also unreliable . 
  place ps4 covering the fans . 
  be surprised when it overheats . 
  pcmr !!, 
  literally no one has said it 's just chrome . 
  chrome is just the browser i was using when i went on that site . 
  the biggest thing is getting mentally over the fact that you ca n't slow down if you start having doubts . 
  came here to bitch about link colours as well, 
  depends on the definition of legitimate . 
  is it approved by steam ? 
  does it work as advertised ? 
  yes . 
  is it legal ? 
  seems so . 
   grey market, 
  grey markets by definition are not illegal . 
   they dont source their keys from the publishers of the games they sell, 
  the vast majority of the codes are totally legal and the publisher gets a cut , they 're simply purchased from markets where the products are priced cheaper due to exchange rates , average cost of living etc. 
   not reputable as a legitimate retailer . 
  by legitimate you mean endorsed by steam ? 
  of course they are n't , they 're cutting into steam 's profits . 
  why would steam `` approve '' them ? 
  what i 'm wondering is why a private citizen with no connection to valve would have such a problem with people getting steam products cheaper . 
  valve is already charging me +25 % compared to the us prices despite me living in a country with way lower gdp per capita/average income and that 's apparently acceptable but when i use the regions to my advantage you suddenly object ? 
  sounds like someone has been brainwashed succesfully if they feel guilty about cutting into a billion dollar corporation 's profits using a system they themselves created . 
  yeah but most countries in europe do n't have a single dot, 
  http://boards.4chan.org/aco/thread/248171 nsfw, 
  rome 1 and 2 are the best imo, 
  drm free and supposedly give a bigger cut to devs than valve does, 
  and these days they have better sales too, 
  if you 're `` being low-key '' is n't that an adverb ? 
  despite the title this is standard procedure for round number goals . 
  it 's `` special '' since you 're not allowed to leave the bench for just any goal . 
  be attractive, 
  do n't be unattrative, 
  the best goalie in the wjc this year is autistic . 
  that 's kinda what it 's made for, 
  still better than being the one who did n't even understand that much . 
  the csgo/dmca thing aside he has been alleged of cheating in arma too . 
  i do n't know if it 's true and i know most of his content is scripted to some degree but having seen a lot of not most of his arma videos i have to say he does get `` unbelievably lucky '' pretty often . 
  i did n't watch that particular video but what he did did n't violate `` freedom of speech '' . 
  it was abuse of the dmca which is n't just youtube rules but a law and abusing it a crime . 
  he did n't violate dmca he abused the dmca notice system that allows youtube partners to issue take downs by themself . 
  he took down a video which clearly fell under fair use ( also part of the law ) and another one that was just talking about him . 
  dmca ca n't be used for things that are n't clear violations of his copyright . 
  it 's arma . 
  there is no vac . 
  if he got banned it 'd be server specific and nobody would know because he plays under pseudonyms and simply would n't put up a video . 
   you 'd think someone with god mode would be detectable by their anti cheat, 
  there 's plenty of different anti cheats and i 'm yet too see one that 's 100 %, 
  at least in real sports you 're not allowed to bet on your own games even if you bet on yourself winning, 
  thanks fam, 
  because the leagues and organisations do n't want players to have anything to do with betting mostly to avoid drama . 
  debit cards are given out at a much younger age, 
  welcome to / r/starcitizen where concept art is `` fluff '', 
  i do n't even know why i allowed myself to get hyped in the first place . 
  i knew it was ubisoft but i just wanted to belive . 
  what the original trailers claimed was nothing like this co-op bullet sponge shooting gallery we seem to be getting . 
  i do n't think that 's an unpopular opinion anymore .
