  exactly the same . 
  i have n't touched unranked since i was able to que ranked so my real mmr is much higher than my unranked mmr . 
  i also won 8/2 with kda 's of 27/3/24 , 12/3/18 , 11/3/26 , 15/0/22 , 12/3/13 , 8/9/30 , 15/4/16 and 12/2/14 in my victories but still ended up over 500 mmr lower than my regular mmr because the true calibration process happens in those pre-calibration hidden mmr games and not in the actual calibration itself . 
   not sure why , maybe because my style of play is not the best for calibration ? 
  playing postition 5 does n't help but the true reason is the calibration heavily relies on your hidden mmr and the 10 '' `` calibration '' '' games you play in the traditional calibration really only go + -25 . 
  it 's a pointless process and it seems they 've just copy pasted it to the compendium which makes it even more pointless . 
  basically it 's `` do you want your unranked hidden mmr to replace your old mmr '' ? 
  because `` ps4 - pay more to play worse looking worse performing versions of pc games '' is not a good catch phrase . 
  i 'm only interested in exclusives , or at least games that are only available on consoles . 
  strong counter argument, 
  it 's a combination of europeans ( including russia ) valuing the wc highly and the fact that finland is the only country other than canada where [ hockey is the biggest sport ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gljzbix.jpg ) . 
  skoda cup is very serious business here . 
  in good and bad . 
  the celebration of the entire nation once we do win one is quite an experience . 
  the juniors have been a big thing for years in na but in europe we 're only realizing it 's actually a relevant tournament . 
  you 're clearly pretty new to the internet then . 
  early 2000s/late 90s was all about the . tk sites back when people still had their own personal websites instead of facebook or myspace or whatever . 
  i admit i have n't been run into a . tk site in a while though . 
  it depends a lot on the mushrooms . 
  unlike cannabis which has probably thousands of `` strains '' but is really only two different plants and mixes of the two these `` hallucinogenic mushrooms '' includes hundreds of entirely different mushroom species . 
  that is one reason why people have such varying experiences despite `` magic mushrooms '' often being talked about like it 's just one thing . 
  but assuming it 's one of the common species and that they had been dried properly 4 grams is a high dose . 
  not an `` overdose '' by any means as lots of people with experience willingly eat 4 grams or more but it 's a high dose , especially if he was new to them . 
  do n't forget people are individuals . 
  while set & setting is no doubt important there are tons of people who generally enjoy being alone and for them ( us ) tripping alone is a lot more comfortable too . 
  especially for my first times of trying out shrooms or lsd i was very glad i was alone and could just process the experience freely . 
  after learning the effects first hand and knowing what to expect it 's fun in a group but i personally would n't recommend just anyone to try it with other people around for the first time . 
  the very first time i did shrooms all i did was wrap myself in a blanket , close my eyes and listen to music for the first 2-3 hours before i even started walking around . 
  and despite what it may sound i enjoyed it a lot . 
  i 'm certain i would not have been as comfortable if i knew people were looking at me or having to worry about how i was acting or burdened by the social expectations of interacting with others when all i wanted to do was close my eyes and enjoy the show of these incredible visuals like a music video inside my head or the itunes equalizer turned up to 11 . 
  and with hallucinogens `` being comfortable '' is much more important than what it may sound like . 
  anxiety can set in easily which in turn causes bad feelings which cause more anxiety etc. 
  it 's nothing like being slightly uncomfortable in your daily life . 
   if you are n't willing to condemn the finns party as a far-right party than i 'm not sure what kind of working definition of ` far right ' you have . 
  their financial politics are extremely leftist and in politics financial decisions are more important than anything . 
   i 've watched so many british youtubers who do n't even know the difference between chinese and korean text, 
  how is that in any way comparable ? 
  i can personally tell them apart but only because i watched professional starcraft for years . 
  recognizing foreign alphabets and knowing the absolute fundamental basics of a foreign countries ' political landscapes are entirely different matters . 
  you do n't have to know the local languge to learn the basics of foreign politics . 
  just like leftist politics have been a resounding success across the continent . 
  you do realize people do n't actually have to judge you for your drug impaired mind to feel like you 're being watched and judged ? 
  i read the article after posting and they also suggest a sober sitter . 
  sounds fucking awful if you ask me . 
  i 'd rather not take hallucinogens at all than take them under the supervision of a sober person and feel like i 'm in some sort of experiement where my reaction to the substance is being monitored . 
  at the very least have them trip too so it 's not awkward . 
  not really . 
  not at all . 
  knowing the difference between korean and chinese alphabets has n't helped me in any way ever . 
  it 's trivia . 
  it 's a `` fun fact '' that is entirely useless since it does n't mean i actually speak the language . 
  knowing the general big strokes of anoter nation 's internal politics comes into play practically whenever you read world news . 
  it 's crucial knowledge in the modern globalized world if you want to follow the news to any extent like you should . 
  this is what it looks like in incognito as well, 
  also it works as a `` you have my attention now '' kind of thing . 
  your parents would probably rather catch you watching porn . 
  will this me singleplayer or multiplayer ? 
  co-op vs ai or pvp ? 
  nice, 
  iirc they had their doctor talk to the reddit moderators, 
  also because it 's a lot more fun to experience a regular night out in a foreign country business as usual than it is to be surrounded by tourists . 
  tourist traps are pretty much the same wherever you go so it kinda ruins the point of visiting other countries . 
  hold up we got ta get it touch with mythbusters to verify your claim, 
  dae black people are people too, 
  i 'll keep that in mind next time i 'm looking for places to lay in a ditch in . 
   so maybe the kids who are failing school when yours is succeeding are n't just `` idiots '' or `` inferior . '', 
  but they are . 
  there 's a reason we read to our children . 
  because it has a wide range of positive influences and benefits to their development . 
  so nautrally that means that the lack of it does result in an inferior upbringing even if you want to pretend that every person on earth is an identical special snowflake . 
  for something to be beneficial it must mean that the lack of it is if not harmful at least ** inferior ** . 
  just use something like autohotkey . 
  really sucks that valve forces us to use 3rd party software instead of perfectly functional autoexec commands . 
  i-it 's not dead right guys ? 
  guys ? 
  you seriously believe the game is serious enough to have a real evolving meta like a proper moba ? 
  well i guess there were people who believed heroes of the storm would become a relevant esport too . 
   black people have police encounters at a rate that 's disproportionately unfair when compared to other races, 
  black people also commit more crimes so should the police just do a worse job when solving crimes commited by black people to make the statistics less `` unfair '' ? 
  he was a former big brother contestant seriously craving for some attention . 
  google kaki hautoniemi . 
  it was a `` world record attempt '' . 
  \\  implying i have adblock turned off, 
   it 's silly to dedicate so much work into something that is purely aesthetically , has no relevance to gameplay, 
  yeah how silly of the gaming industry to waste their time when every game could just look like drawf fortress, 
  and it will look nice for the first two times you bother watching it and never pressing that button ever again, 
  but baby sitting your workers gave a sense of responsibility for your empire . 
  i liked it and it 's pretty realistic that you would have to garrison troops with your workers when building something near a known barbarian encampment until you 're able to wipe them out . 
  building improvements instantly is just another instance of removing risk assesment and having even less `` long '' term impacts to take into consideration when making decisions which is what the core gameplay in civ is all about . 
  i just think of it like a branch of government or something . 
  they 're not the same the same workers for a thousand years but the required infrastructure and bureaucracy set in place to orchestrate large public projects . 
  the individual workers grow old and get replaced over time but the infrastructure remains . 
  just like you can have an army unit alive for 2000 years while occasionally rearming them . 
  it 's not individual soldiers living for 2000 years , it 's a battallion or a brigade or whatever scale of military unit you want to imagine that outlives the soldiers . 
  old ones retire and new ones are recruited keeping the manpower at whatever designated strenght . 
  just like we still have units that used to fight in ww2 . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was something along the lines of `` modifier '' units . 
  something like adding an anti-tank squad to your infantry etc. 
  not just two of any units . 
  no it does n't .
