  a stream obviously has a dedicated observer that reacts to the caster 's speech with a second of delay . 
  filthy casual, 
  do n't forget 1/5th world domination for finland :\\ ^ ), 
  yes, 
  so you were being sarcastic in that there actually are n't more than 2 ethnic backgrounds and no chinese attend ti ? 
  if you said during dac that sniper , troll and jugg would be on that list come ti5 i do n't think many would 've believed you . 
  i 'm glad they are though . 
  as someone who 's only played for about a year i still ca n't remember which is which despite following the pro scene very closely . 
   overnerfed, 
  he has n't been touched other than the holy persuasion health mechanic though ? 
  which is why the other guy told him, 
  oracle and earth spirit are n't in captain 's mode, 
  i have never seen a top comment like `` top kek xd '' unless it 's a direct quote from the photo in question, 
  did you just post 7 rows of text without a single period ? 
  i 've been using these for nearly a year now and can confirm they 're very nice for their price . 
  my honest opinion is that we should stop trying to be like real sports . 
  even the name `` esports '' is ridiculous . 
  dota is not a sport . 
  starcraft is not a sport . 
  csgo is not a sport . 
  they 're competitions or competetive gaming and forcing the `` it 's just like sports ! '', 
  approach to me feels like trying to get approval for competetive gaming from an audience that is n't used to the idea . 
  `` esports '' should just stick to their own thing and do it as well as possible . 
  it 's ok to watch video games and enjoy it , you do n't have to compare it to sports to justify it . 
   before looking at the inventory, 
  the refresher was in a secondary courier , not in his inventory or stash, 
  it 's right there in the video, 
   i could not take anything rtz said in the first minute of this interview seriously . 
  that might have something to do with the fact that he 's joking, 
  and in the video he goes on to specify that he 's talking about the gosugamers forums and a thread where they were flaming him, 
  but that change came in 6.82 . 
  chen had a 63 % win rate in dac and overall a 59.8 % win rate across 6.83, 
  the change to holy persuasion is the only thing between that and the current game . 
  i 'm really surprised he kept doing these after the event started, 
  honestly did n't we all already know this ? 
  the whole `` bullies are just insecure '' thing is just a story we tell children to prevent this sort of behaviour despite the fact it works . 
  because people do n't want to believe this . 
  just like a lot of people actually believe it when they say `` he 'll get what 's coming to him '' etc. 
  when they see someone else being successful using ethically questionable methods . 
  as a man bald since 23 i definitely look more spooky without hair and i kinda like it, 
   and i am impressed with how his dad handled his gaming career , n1 o.o, 
  not to talk shit about him but it 's pretty easy to say you support the decision after he 's already won a million dollar tournament . 
  the game did n't autopause . 
  it clearly said ee paused the game , ee resumed the game on the screen . 
  he slammed his headset on the keyboard again ( it was even visible in the shot 3 seconds later ) . 
  when heroes get added or reworked they 're initially not included in captain 's mode ( since captain 's mode is the only game mode played competetively ) to see how they actually play out first in the hands of the public . 
  no amount of in-house testing compares to the public trying out builds , strategies , interactions with other abilities , finding exploits etc. 
  the last new hero ww was introduced in february , then got balance tweaks in nearly every patch and finally got into captains mode in april . 
  oracle and earth spirit are both relatively new heroes that both have unique mechanics and apparently valve just is n't happy with how they interact and affect the game to the point where it 's not fixable by just adjusting some values . 
  they 'd rather keep them out than force a less than optimal hero into the pool . 
  i might be a secret fangay but i really wish they lose this game, 
  if only icefrog had the balls to completely remove the hero from the game . 
  the problem with techies is n't fixable by adjusting some damage values . 
  the entire idea of the hero is unintuitive to the game and anti-fun . 
  but valve is too afraid to remove a hero that was in dota1 like it 's the fucking bible . 
  they seem to have forgotten that dota1 underwent constant changes and reworks too and just because something was in the game at dota2 release does n't mean it must be there forever . 
  well a lot of people myself included hate it just as much if not more when we see a teammate pick it up so the problem with the hero is n't just how strong it is . 
  i was n't commenting on balance to begin with, 
  tv never lies, 
   do you see big muscular men being bullies ? 
  no , not usually . 
  yes ? 
  the most common type of bully is bigger and more muscular than his peers . 
  i 'm describing the type of person who fantasizes about fights in the bathroom of a bar . 
   oh , so i 'm fantasizing now ? 
  why do you keep editing your comments ? 
  you 've totally rewritten your past 5 comments to the point where the discussion makes zero sense . 
  well you certainly did imply feeling the urge to beat up people in the bathroom of a concert in one of the other comments that does n't exist anymore . 
  to be honest i 'm not surprised the kind of person too impulsive to read over their comment before posting it on the internet and then regretting the whole thing 30 seconds later would also be the type to fight strangers in public . 
  s4 really went out of his way to die there after a great save, 
   second, 
  all these videos have really been great . 
  that 's because it was the stupidest thing he , an unknown , could 've done . 
  it 's day 2 and we 've already seen 7 videos . 
  they might show one per team first but at this pace we should see more than one from each . 
  he hates 15 year olds that act like cancerous annoying piece of shit 15 year olds . 
  i 'm not saying you should expect a 15 year old to act like an adult , but that does n't mean any sort of behaviour is acceptable for a 15 year old . 
  the way they are written and edited is very reminiscent of the stuff hollywood produces . 
  as opposed to all the position 1 , 2 and 3 rubicks that we see ? 
  nowhere near . 
  rtz talks to himself and babyrages to his viewers . 
  sumail starts feeding on purpose . 
  never seen it myself . 
  i 'm sure he 's done his share of stupid shit in the past but these days i do n't even think he can be called toxic in any way . 
  the worst thing he does is say `` we lost '' 2 minutes into the game but he does n't even press push to talk when he does that . 
  modern rtz seems more level-headed and reasonable than most dota streamers . 
  good timing for hao battlefury is the same as rtz 's bf with treads and pms babyrage, 
  the main event probably has even more downtime than the group stages, 
  also more `` mainstream '' viewers and i 'm sure these videos are exactly the type of stuff valve wants to shot that audience . 
  \\  implying icefrog exists, 
  i did n't say rtz is a better human being . 
  i said rtz in 2015 acts nothing like sumail in 2015 . 
  i realize the age difference and that is why it isnt a direct comparison but that does n't make rtz toxic . 
  honestly i have no clue how rtz acted when he was 15 so why speculate ? 
  this does n't work if you live in a civilized country with proper coverage . 
  this `` no signal '' shit is some real 90s stuff . 
  3:30 video that 2 seconds in was obviously fake and 30 seconds in could guess the joke . 
  actually that 's not always true . 
  malicious intent if often required depending on the crime and the country . 
   it only takes 15,000 people with some extra $ 100,000 which is not even that much to begin with , to wipe out the entire wild lion population in africa,
