  almost all aaa titles these days are made for consoles then ported to pc . 
  of course he worded himself poorly but the gaming industry would be a fraction of its current size if it was n't for consoles bailing it out last gen. not that it 's necessarily a good or bad thing as the best pc games these days seem to come from indie devs anyway . 
  the way it 's set there does n't look like a permanent placement though . 
  more like a new shipment that just came in waiting to be shelved . 
  this `` pc gaming would 've never existed '' is just one interpretation of what he 's saying that you and op share . 
  `` pc gaming would n't happen without consoles '' ( not `` would n't have happened '' ) can just as well mean `` this game would n't be available to play on pc if it were n't for consoles '' and in that regard he can be absolutely right depending on what game he 's talking about . 
   price should be, 
  a business can ask whatever they wish . 
  price * should * be whatever they think makes best profit . 
  it 's your choice to decide whether or not it 's worth paying for . 
  which you clearly have and why i do n't see why this is worth a reddit post . 
  it 's not like this is the only place where you can buy the game or anyone 's forced to pay this price . 
   if it was n't made for consoles , then it was made for pc , or not at all . 
  emphasis on the `` not at all '' part . 
  most aaa games would n't get their huge budgets were used to in 2016 without console players . 
  it pleases the eye when it 's inside a closed computer case under a table . 
  it ca n't be canadians since it 's the playoffs . 
  there 's so much playoff hockey it 's probably overwhelming for newcomers . 
  3 hours once a year is not a big commitment and it 's an event even if you do n't care about the sport . 
   but i hate the controversy border line calls eventually generate, 
  you hate the controversy border line calls generate but you want more `` human element '' ? 
  that makes absolutely zero sense . 
  if there 's anything that removes controversy it 's video review . 
  neither of which are visible on his screen, 
  i grew out of pc cases with a window the same time i grew out of leds being cool . 
  there is n't such a thing as a good looking tattoo, 
  it 's actually not even a gif, 
  this video is entirely pointless if we are n't able to see the mouse . 
  i have n't even tried the game so i 'm not saying it does have mouse acceleration , just that this video does n't disprove anything . 
   becoming pregnant is a personal choice . 
  except the human species just like any other species has an innate interest in not becoming extinct . 
  that 's why laws like the `` extra benefits '' of maternal leave for pregnant women exist . 
  it 's for the good of the entire human race not just that one woman 's `` personal life '' . 
  have you looked at the fertility rate numbers for the western world lately ? 
  we 're already shrinking like crazy . 
  op you literally must have autism if you ca n't understand this is a joke, 
  wow it 's almost like people support politics that are benefitial to their current life situation , what an amazing discovery by op . 
  it was my pleasure, 
  but i do n't want them to be compensated with either immigrants nor unwanted children . 
  fuck me for not wanting my culture and heritage to die out and wishing children a happy youth , right ? 
  also a million more babies a year would be nowhere even near to fix the issue . 
  most european countries have fertility rates of around 1.5 and even lower if you only include the indigenous people . 
  how does it feel that the average person who shares this image on facebook is over 60 years old yet you still ca n't get the joke ? 
  this seems insanely complicated when they could 've just gave someone with working eyesight those glasses and have them paint for real . 
  yeah i was already really regretting buying the ps4 but did n't want to sell it in case it got some good exclusives in the future . 
  now i have literally no use for the thing if even the exclusives are optimized for a different system . 
  sucks that i bought most of my games digitally for the convenience . 
   i still feel like somewhat of a sucker for having bought a ps4 a few months ago, 
  do n't worry . 
  i bought one over 18 months ago and feel like it was a bad decision . 
  i 've been hanging onto it in hopes of more exclusives ( it 's basically been a bloodborne machine i turn on every few months ) but i do n't think i 'll buy any more ps4 exclusives if what i get is basically a second class citizen edition . 
  except that came like a year after launch and had the exact same hardware except for an additional video port . 
  but i have literally zero interest in buying a neo . 
  all it does is prevent/make it difficult to get money from the games too if i were to sell my soon useless ps4 . 
  because semmler has been in the scene for years and everyone who has n't started playing cs in the last 2 years knows that `` vac free '' does not and never has meant cheat free . 
  he just ca n't say it out loud because his career depends on valve events . 
  things like this always amaze me . 
  have you never even by accident right clicked an image and looked at the options that pop up ? 
  he did specifically say `` x million nazis died '' though . 
  i noticed it as well . 
  even though i knew the numbers that was a really cool representation to put them into perspective . 
  even if some of the narration was a bit exaggerated or outright inaccurate . 
  kinda odd that the video completely omitted finnish soldier and civilian deaths since it included every other minor country in the european theatre . 
  but that 's not really an issue though unless you 're anxious to get back to smoking . 
  if you get a clear sample they 'll just call you back a week later with an even lower risk of getting caught assuming you have n't smoked after the first test . 
  and if you want to avoid that all you have to do is not drink so much that your piss runs clear ** on the day of the test ** . 
  up to that point it 's a good idea ( and generally healthy too ) . 
  recommending 8gb of ram in the year seems kinda iffy . 
  if the use had any intentions of playing video games i would under no circumstances go with less than 16gb . 
  also recommending amd gpus to people who know little enough about computers to make decisions based on a pcmr infograph ? 
  they 're going to have a fun time battling with all the compability issues modern games have with amd . 
  yet with almost every new big release they 're reported . 
  even if they are exaggerated it 's still a huge amount compared to * none * . 
  as far as `` sticking to a budget '' goes the difference is 10-20 bucks in a computer of 1000 + dollars . 
  hardly worth the struggle if you ask me . 
  in fact that reliability should be factored in to `` value '' and not just go by 3dmark scores . 
  just cause 3 is an example of a game that 's literally unplayable without 16gb . 
  star citizen definitely needs it too . 
  ca n't think of any others as i have n't really been playing many aaa games lately but regardless in the year 2016 i do n't think it 's reasonable to expect the user to quit all other programs when they decide to play some videogames . 
  even if a game technically runs on 8gb it becomes a totally different issue when he has a bunch of web pages and shit running on the background . 
  especially when ram is so cheap these days there 's really no reason to make your life unnecessary difficult with 8gb . 
  i had 8gb of ram in my laptop 6 years ago . 
  it 's not `` plenty '' . 
  it 's `` bare minimum '' . 
  i found these with just 2 minutes of googling and there 's plenty more so you must not have looked very hard if you have n't heard about it . 
  i have n't previously searched for the information as i do n't have an amd gpu so it 's not personal for me but the headlines pop up on my reddit front page almost whenever a new big title comes out . 
   i have no idea where you are getting our bs from but there are n't any major issues, 
  i posted this to someone else but here you go, 
   [ -- ] tenhotuisku 1 point a minute ago, 
   http://www.techtimes.com/articles/112809/20151203/having-issues-with-just-cause-3-on-amd-graphics-try-this-beta-says-square-enix.htm, 
   http://wccftech.com/gta-issue-causing-artifacting-amd-graphics-cards/, 
   http://www.kotaku.com.au/2015/11/if-youre-playing-fallout-4-on-pc-youd-better-have-a-nvidia-card/, 
   http://www.cinemablend.com/games/batman-arkham-knight-system-requirements-have-changed-amd-problems-confirmed-72607.html, 
   http://wccftech.com/slightly-mad-studios-issues-official-statement-project-cars-amd-graphics-cards/, 
   i found these with just 2 minutes of googling and there 's plenty more so you must not have looked very hard if you have n't heard about it . 
  i provided you with links to back up my claim . 
  you did n't provide me with links that are `` just as easy to find '' . 
  links prove i did n't make it up . 
  that alone is more than anything you have presented :\\ ^ ), 
  viral marketing is not a conspiracy .
