  you do n't just call the cops . 
  unless you 're a fucking dick . 
  i never use aim assist in any games i play , and i play a lot of shooters . 
  it 's not , it just requires skill . 
  and it 's way more fun when you succeed . 
  you just described why i hate aim assist  the smoke part that is . 
  i know it 'd probably boost my k/d but i do ok anyway and i enjoy the feeling that it 's legit , 
  ever since i got my first shooter game for a console i 've disabled aim-assist so i guess that helps too . 
  i never had any particular problems in bo even though it 's the first cod where you can disable it iirc, 
  many pubs ( that i 've been to ) only have basic beers and a few `` specials '' . 
  the places i 'm talking about pride themselves in having all sorts of beer with ever-changing specials etc. 
  and can seriously have up to a hundred different beers at any given time . 
  but yeah , like a good pub . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm a better player . 
  i disable aim assist in every single player i play too . 
  no one 's telling me to do so and i could just as well use it . 
  i choose not to . 
  i just do n't find it fun or as rewarding if you know the computers helping you with the aiming . 
  it 's still relatively easy for me to get chopper gunners or dogs at public games so i do n't see a reason to make the game any easier . 
  challenge is what makes it fun , right ? 
  i just tried it on for another round . 
  sure it was nice in close quarters where i did n't have to do shit but it actually robbed me of an easy kill as well . 
  i noticed a guy on the minimap so i turned towards the stairs and waited for him to come . 
  for some reason when his head did popped up ( just slightly ) my crosshairs went up along with it like it was anticipating more movement . 
  why would it do that ? 
  i would had hit him in the head , now i just missed and died . 
  never turning it on again . 
  i do n't like dying , but without autoaim i at least know it was my own fault . 
  i have never owned a halo or played one online . 
  shit sucks . 
  if i can play just fine without why use it . 
  i fucking hate the feeling of crosshairs moving by themselves . 
  and yes i have tried it and i do n't like it . 
  i play lots of shooters on consoles and never needed it . 
  why does it matter that you can never be as accurate as on a pc when xbox players and pc players do n't play against each other ? 
  wan na go 1v1 and see if autoaim makes a difference ? 
  also i noticed your butthurt as all my comments including answers with no opinions about autoaim in them ( `` xbox360 '' for example ) were downvoted the instant this comment showed up . 
  lol . 
   its needed for playing on a controller, 
  no it 's not, 
   you can be no where near as accurate with thumb sticks as you can with a keyboard and mouse, 
  i do n't play against people with a keyboard and mouse, 
   no one that is serious about doing well on console fps turns it off . 
  how can i dominate almost every s & d game i join then ? 
  i know . 
  and i agree you 'll probably get a better k/d with aim assists than without . 
  close quarter kills and firing from the hip are a lot easier . 
  but less fun imo . 
  i never claimed it to be better , especially in tight situations it is n't . 
  but i think it 's way more fun . 
  i have tried them in stores and at a friends house . 
  definitely not for me . 
  and the auto-aim was ridiculous ( at least in 1 & 2 ), 
  i know exactly what you mean . 
  most of the time auto-aim is useful in close quarters . 
  but i 'd rather die a few times and get the kills i deserve than get some eased kills and then have the computer rob me . 
  honestly i just wanted to know whether or not everybody 's using it or not . 
  i 'm not on any other message boards where people play codbo . 
  there are definitely some draw-backs to the auto-aim and having watched a lot of mlg i do n't think any one of them use it . 
  i do n't know if its banned . 
  i have already admitted multiple times that i 'd probably have a better k/d with auto-aim . 
  but i think i 'd rather die 10 times where auto-aim could have saved me than lose an easy kill and die because the computer fucked up my aiming . 
  also i think it 's a lot more fun when it 's just you . 
   i have it turned off - it does n't turn completely off . 
  even with it off , there are still some slight directional changes due to target motion . 
  yes i 've noticed it sometimes speeds you up if an enemy goes by and you turn the same way . 
  i do n't think it moves at all by itself though . 
  at least not while in ads ( this i 'm sure of ), 
  why does it have to be one or the other ? 
  and i 'm not arguing the people who just say `` i use auto-aim '' . 
  i 'm arguing people who say `` you 're fucking stupid for not using it you ca n't play at all without it '' . 
  yes i answered to almost everyone but that 's what happens when i get orangereds . 
  i upvoted most of the legit answers no matter what they said . 
  wan na go 1v1 right now ? 
  not to see which one is better but i 'll try it with and without autoaim just to see if you have any sort of a point . 
   your kills are not more legitimate for not using it, 
  to me they are and that 's all that matters . 
  i hate the feeling of `` was that me or the computer ? 
  you 're right and i 'm not judging anybody . 
  i 'm just surprised how many people here use it as none of my irl friends do ( we all have a pc background and it just feels wrong ) . 
  actually there has been a lot of improvement . 
  i just picked up cod4 and tried to play it . 
  the auto-aim is fucking ridiculous , you barely have to do anything but pull the trigger . 
  here 's hoping they 'll eventually phase it out completely as people learn to use a controller . 
  i already rather play fpss with one than a mouse ( i have about 1000-1200hrs of xbox360 shooter experience , it did take a while though ) . 
  i never owned an xbox , 
  not sure if original source for quote but it 's fitting, 
   sort of like would you kill a baby to end cancer forever ... but not quite so harsh . 
  how is that harsh ? 
  kill one baby to save thousands of lives every year ? 
  would you even have to think about it ? 
  it 's not about the money to many of us, 
  shit is hard, 
  i would strangle the baby with my own bare hands in a heartbeat . 
  now if it was my own then it 'd be another story, 
  depends, 
  challenge accepted, 
  i once stumbled across it and pressed the view images button . 
  holy fucking shit was every comic tl ; dr, 
  well i 'm just glad they have their own subreddit so all those comics do n't end up here .
