  it 's just that unless you can stay above 128 fps there is no reason to have 128 tick servers and playing on a pc that ca n't reach 128 fps is even less reliable than it would be on 64 tick servers . 
  if you 're on faceit you probably are n't the same market demographic valve is worried about . 
  it 's russians and casuals with laptops or old pc 's that make up for a surprisingly large portion of the userbase and one that also spends a lot of money . 
  they 're afraid they 'd scare away casuals with fat wallets by appeasing the more `` hardcore '' audience that on average does n't put any more money into the game . 
  now i personally think it 's a bullshit excuse since people who play on shitty computers probably do n't take the game seriously enough to notice the difference anyway but that 's the official reasoning . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  it 's not like they reprogram the game each week . 
  the game runs on the source engine written by someone else . 
  the actual assets like textures , ui and maps etc. 
  were done by hidden path entertainment who valve fired as soon as the game got released because the game was garbage . 
  i 'm not saying valve devs have n't done anything because they saved the game from being a shitty console arcade fps by redoing the weapon handling and movement physics but that was 2 years ago . 
  since then they 've put out 3 new weapons , some balance tweaking and some maps , most of which are directly from workshop . 
  the rework of the penetration system is the only major thing i can think of in the past year and a half . 
  again i 'm not complaining because other than the mm servers and hitboxes there 's not much that 's blatantly wrong with the game and i think it 's the type of game where the smallest tweaks make a huge difference . 
  but you make it sound like they 're constantly releasing updates or new content etc. 
  which they definitely are n't . 
  the skins , operations , maps , stickers etc are all from workshop . 
  something like the awp movement speed change that 's probably the biggest update in the past 12 months is just changing one number in the game 's files . 
  why would you have music turned on ? 
  why was n't turning music off that the first thing you did when you started the game august 21 , 2012 ? 
  yeah and if you wanted to convince people of the possibilities of custom ui 's why on earth would your example be an exact copy of the current ui ? 
  we need custom ui 's so our current ui can stay the same but shine more ? 
  i 'm not speaking against custom ui 's . 
  i 'm saying op 's example is terrible . 
  but i 'd have to turn on my xbox for that ... 
  yeah linking a public sex offender profile - ok, 
  banning for breaking rules of personal information - ok, 
  tweeting about ban - ok, 
  threatening with more bans unless the tweet is taken down - not ok, 
  yeah today is the first time since the christmas thing that i realized that stuff is up there, 
  yeah but that was because of the ukraine - russian crisis , not because of valve . 
  in fact i think it was n't about valve paying starladder , it was about getting money ** out ** of ukraine . 
  i did n't say they broke the law . 
  of course they can ban you for saying you like blue more than red . 
  that does n't mean i have to say it 's `` ok '' . 
  you 're clearly new to the internet, 
  yeah . 
  that is just you . 
  if the reason for the ban was justified then the organization should n't feel threatened by the person banned . 
  i agree it was totally fine to ban him originally since he broke the rules , but the rules do n't say anything about discussing your ban on twitter . 
  i have 5 ping according to scoreboard and 18-20 according to netgraph when playing on official valve servers . 
  if you plan on doing anything except having in in your shelf you do n't . 
  even the original xbox version that runs on 360 is better . 
  cheats disable achievements in basically every game . 
  not mutually exclusive, 
  do n't get into low priority . 
  problem solved . 
  oh god the 1k jungle legion with 10 duel damage at minute 25, 
  nah i went up like 800 mmr in 3 months ( without playing 24/7 ) by basically picking support every game since if i did n't we 'd play without any . 
  people really underestimate the importance of vision and control in low mmr but even they love playing with it if someone does take that role . 
  but why is he trying to reach something with his hand instead of just riding off the ramp like everyone who 's ever ridden a bike would be capable of ? 
  i ca n't understand why his reaction was to reach for something to grab instead of just starting to pedal and riding down the ramp, 
  but i do n't understand why clenching the stick made the firework not fly off . 
  if you 're shooting these from the ground like you 're supposed to the stick does n't go up in the air with the firework . 
  you 'd have wooden sticks falling off the sky everywhere on new years, 
  really ? 
  i could 've sworn i 've seen the sticks just standing on the ground alone afterwards . 
  i have n't really shot a firework since i was like 14 though . 
  how come sticks falling onto people is n't an issue then ? 
  they can be pretty big like the one in [ the middle ] ( http://snelz.kapsi.fi/ilotulite/tulitteet_2005.jpg ), 
  that was the first result on google btw so i did n't have to look hard for one like that . 
  the offence of the short team is n't as much better as the defence of the tall team is . 
  also everybody knows defence beats offence . 
  it 's totally possible to get a job in finland as an english speaker but you 'll probably have more luck with either smaller companies/start ups that generally have younger management or a huge international company . 
  i do n't know about marketing specifically but the in-between average sized finnish companies with middle aged finnish hr personnel are probably more prone to prioritizing finnish speakers . 
   would it be different if i spoke fluent finnish ? 
  yes but you wo n't . 
  it usually takes people 5-10 years just to get the basics down . 
  i would n't say it 's worth the effort unless you 're seriously considering spending the rest of your life in finland . 
  does it mean i 've been watching too much jav if i could immidiately tell she was japanese from the background ? 
  what if i do n't care about the developer and just want the one that functions better ? 
  i 'm asking which one to pick, 
  is it just colder = more calories or is it the difference between body temperature and ambient temperature ? 
  this was so obviously done on purpose for `` controversy '' . 
  do they expect all wal-mart employees to speak arabic ? 
   but i was rubber banding and shit with the worst connection ever and still outfragging them by 5 or so kills, 
  in csgo the advantage is on the one who lags, 
  greece imports most of their basic needs like gasoline etc. 
  those prices affect the prices of all services . 
  prices will fall if you compare them to the value of foreign currency ( how much milk you can buy with the drachmas you get for 100 $ / # / $ ) but if all your savings are in drachma that is losing its value the prices are effectively going up . 
  not really . 
  it 's not like the government is making a profit or wants to leave the euro . 
  they 're forced to leave the euro . 
  that hard earned money was earned in a society/economy that could n't have existed had the government not taken as much debt as it did . 
  except the average citizen will blame the following poverty and chaos on eu so it 's not unlikely that greece would get a very anti-eu government in whatever election they have next . 
  even their current government has clearly been anti-eu and shit has n't even hit the fan yet . 
  because the government could n't get its hands on enough usd or whatever foreign currency to pay wages and keep the government and public services running at the current level of expenditure . 
  they need a currency they can print . 
  so could you buy bitcoins for example with your greek bank account ? 
  i 'm not saying bitcoins are a good investment but it 's generally processed as a `` purchase '' not `` exhange of currency '' . 
   the euro is going to face devaluation too as $ 300 billion in debt would not be paid back . 
  does greek leaving the eurozone really mean they 're off the hook for their loans ? 
  you 'd think they 'd just treat it like borrowed money to any other foreign nation that is n't in the eurozone . 
  the uneducated voters are also a large reason why greece is in this mess . 
  the people . 
  they basically voted for the `` i do n't want to think about , if i just close my eyes it 'll all be ok '' option . 
  you ca n't blame the politicians for doing exactly what they said they 'd do if they get elected . 
  yeah i feel bad for the minority with basic understanding of economy that saw this coming years ago but i really have no sympathy for greece and their people . 
  in fact i 'm kinda glad to see eu 's finally gotten tired of their shit . 
  eh . . not really .
