  or crabwalk, 
   i 'm dutch myself , but i kind of loathe this urge to ` prove ' ourselves to foreigners . 
  yeah do n't worry it exist it pretty much any country and it 's just as embarassing elsewhere, 
  well yes they do but i was n't so much talking about achievement hunting in general but of the shitty achievements of diablo, 
  i do n't think it 's actually photoshopped . 
  it 's just perfect timing from the photographer to make it look like they 're hitting him . 
  from the full set of pics you can see them climbing over the bench and leaving the homeless guy alone but i 'm pretty sure that picture is real ( or at least there was a real pic exactly like this one , it 's been a while ) . 
  only time i 've watched adventure time was while on vacation on spain ( so it was dubbed ) . 
  i never knew the dog is bender . 
  this changes everything . 
  you can make fun of niggers and jews all you want but heath ledger is where we draw the line ? 
  i do n't believe the `` outsider area '' would be that neat . 
  lumber is ( going to be ) an expensive resource . 
  the houses would probably be constructed out of trash and plastic containers like in some parts of india . 
  yeah those are `` small breasts '' not itty bitty little tiny titties, 
  / r/nsfw _ gif has twice the followers . 
  i do n't know why there 's two . 
  more of her ? 
  and now the comment 's deleted . 
  nnnooooooo ... . 
  i really did n't find zooming in necessary, 
   and it is n't a non-ww2 cod game without the ak-47 !, 
  is it just me or has the ak-47 always sucked in cod games ? 
  ak-74u was great in black ops but i 've always found the regular ak to be just plain worse than some of the other assault rifles . 
  all seeing eye was the shit . 
  and people were so picky back then too ( granted internet connections were a lot worse ) . 
  no room on finnish servers ? 
  fucking hell , you mean i have to play on a swedish server ? 
  god damn it . . 
  these days anything european is good enough, 
  [ original post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/hotties/comments/x74xs/im_in_love_with_kayla_love/ ) from / r/hotties, 
  name ? 
  more ? 
  i prefer chargable batteries . 
  i keep a couple extra charged full so when i run out i just switch them . 
  never have to use cords . 
  besides the play & charge i got with my controller never worked . 
  it refuses to charge , works with the cord connected though . 
  itt people who wasted their money on kinect downvoting the truth, 
  i knew about the movie but jonah hill !? 
  that 's going to be interesting . 
  you do n't need res for that , it 's in the basic preferences . 
  that and r/politics . 
  mostly because eurofag , the quality was nowhere near as bad as atheism . 
  i did stay out of the comment section though , i can imagine what it 's like . 
  but at least the posts are actual news instead of meme 's about stupid christians . 
  i love that show . 
  and 80 % of the chicks are super hot . 
  like crazy hot , i do n't know where they find them or how they keep the quality up . 
  there 's no `` outside us '' option and you have to select a state ( or guam ) . 
  what state did you use ? 
  e. worked on my finnish visa electron . 
  i chose alabama . 
  not camera mans fault but director 's . 
  but i agree , who cares about the goal ( i mean the physical goal , posts and net ) after someone scores . 
  like 15 seconds of that and no celebration . 
  maybe the problem is n't the bad tippers but your country 's retarded salary policy . 
  tips are fine , i often leave one , but waitresses should be paid at least minimum wage without the tips , like in any other civilized country . 
  tips are extra for good service . 
  my cousin worked as a waitress in u.s ( she 's a us citizen and it was a legal job ) . 
  she said she was paid like $ 1.80 / hr + tips unless the salary + tips together was n't over minimum wage in which case they 'd pay the difference . 
  a couple years back i had to reformat my entire computer because i changed the account password while high . 
  how can someone hate mr. bean ? 
  granted i was a kid when it was on tv . 
  i 'm pretty sure the show is directed towards that audience though . 
  teenagers are not going to be under 18 for the rest of their lives . 
  also it would be easier to get even when underage if it was legal . 
   they ca n't prove you are high while you are at work , so they will ban you from smoking it altogether . 
  if weed was legal , that would n't be . 
  this content is currently unavailable, 
  the page you requested can not be displayed right now . 
  it may be temporarily unavailable , the link you clicked on may have expired , or you may not have permission to view this page . 
  `` in the game '' ? 
  lol, 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm european . 
  there 's nothing easier than getting alcohol , weed is pretty easy as well but definitely a lot harder than alcohol . 
  and unlike alcohol it requires connections . 
  you can ask any bum or elder sibling of a friend to buy you booze . 
  i guess it 's different over there with your strict alcohol laws . 
   i do n't understand why people think it 's easier to get alcohol . 
  because believe it or not the entire world is not like the little town you grew up in . 
  it 's not as misleading as you might think it is . 
  i do n't know why they loop 'd just one salute , the guy did do that same move 3-4 times ( before the camera cut off ) . 
  because everything after 12:00:00 is either the next day or after noon . 
  as in afternoon . 
  i only use the 24hr clock myself though , but i guess that 's the logic . 
  well wherever you grew up , the entire world is n't the same . 
  i can guarantee you that . 
  to be fair the 151 were a pretty good rounded package . 
  granted i have n't actually played anything other than red/blue and understand why fans of the series would want new characters for new games but when i look the new ones up from bulbapedia or something they just seem wacky and `` unnecessary '' . 
  is n't that the same guy ? 
  even if you say no i refuse to believe it . 
  vanquish is great looking and speaking purely of gameplay mechanics ( not the story etc ) it 's one of the best executed games on 360 . 
  it just works , and is amazing . 
  i 've played it through 3 times , still have n't cleared the challenges . 
  i 've been following this game since the announcement . 
  i have n't played the full game but the demo was a disappointment . 
  it was n't horrible , like an army of two clone but just a little bit worse all around and without co-op ( which is the entire point of aot ) . 
  i remember them announcing that the game would have co-op so it 's a disappointment .
