   there are terrorism attacks all over the world, 
  no there are n't . 
  in other countries than america yes but not everywhere . 
  on every continent does n't mean everywhere . 
  there are plenty of countries where there has n't been any terrorist attacks . 
  why ca n't you get `` real ones '' ? 
  they 're available at any head shop or online and very cheap . 
  if you go to a hardware store you should be able to find the same thing except maybe not in the desired shape so you 'll have to cut it but it 'll work just as well . 
  i 'm still using sl on my imac with no intention to `` upgrade '' but i 'm about to reformat and reinstall osx on my mbp so i was thinking of trying out mountail lion ( or whatever cat the newest was ) . 
  is it really that bad ? 
  none of the features listed for lion or the mountain lion looked interesting or important but is it actually worse ? 
  should i just stick to sl on both machines ? 
  last hut i played was 11 so i 'm not sure how 12 was but i fucking hate how they copied the system from fut where players do n't retire and training only lasts one game . 
  i always found fut incredibly boring because once you got a superstar player you knew he 'd be in your lineup for the end of time . 
  in hut you were forced to find new players ( although it was possible to just buy the old one again but still ) and especially invest in promising rookies . 
  now rookies are just useless . 
  i guess it 's the make up but she does n't look much like herself . 
  and it 's not like it 's the first time i 'm seeing her . 
  for anyone who grew up in the 90s in a place without it 's own nhl team ( or outside na ) there 's absolutely no reason the mighty ducks would n't be your favourite team . 
  link not clickable . . too lazy to manually copy . . 
  what ? 
  they did n't allow them before ? 
  google translate does n't work with aftonbladet for some reason and my swedish is a bit rusty . 
  they will always the mighty ducks, 
  \\  gorgeous face, 
  \\  looks like a dude, 
  all these `` tips '' sound like a lot more hassle than just you know putting them in ? 
  i never used eye drops before , yes it took me a few bottles to get the hang of it but it 's not like it 's impossible to learn to just drop a drop on your eye . 
  no mess , no fingers in eyeballs , no wasted drops running down your cheeks . 
  my tip though is that ( assuming you 're right handed ) you should take your left hand , rest it against your head and place one finger on the bottle that 's in your right hand . 
  that way it keeps completely still in relation to your head which makes placing the drops quickly and efficently a lot easier . 
  english is my 3rd language and i had no problem reading them before disappearing . 
  i do n't think anybody 's upvoting it because it 's truly an incredible coincidence that actually happened . 
  they 're upvoting because it was funny . 
  who the fuck has the music turned on in any ea sports game ? 
  first thing i or anyone i 've seen get a new sports game do is turn off the music . 
  fifa definitely has a better soundtrack than nhl but they are n't * that * good either . 
  and even the good songs get old real quick . 
  the biggest problem with having the game music turned on is it still wo n't play during matches so you either have to sit in silence or listen to two songs playing at once while in the menus . 
  maybe there were only 8 shower heads for a reason, 
  somehow i have a feeling this is the only one of the three subs that 'll upvote this submission, 
  except kinder toys are never fun, 
  who uses lube while masturbating ? 
  oh yeah , mutilated dicks . 
  i think you 're monkeys just got faced, 
  \\  a five second idea, 
  \\  something you worked hard on, 
  [ 0 ] and understood perfectly . 
  you need to spend more time around stoned people . 
  pathway to glory was a great game though, 
  and it had completely working online multiplayer . 
  on a cell phone . 
  shit was cash . 
  the truth, 
  -15 points, 
  that 's the beauty of it though . 
  he implies it 's all the same to him . 
  yeah but you need to take shitty useless classes for a degree that you might actually truly want . 
  just because you do n't care about every single little thing you 're taught does n't mean you consider college educations as a whole a waste of time . 
  what ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  i wa n't to learn and get a degree . 
  that does n't make the additional courses that have nothing to do with my major any more `` crucial '' to my degree . 
  i have to take classes i do n't give a shit about just to get enough total credits . 
  does n't mean i 'm going to pay attention or even show up to those classes , as long as i barely pass . 
  yeah and alcohol is the only thing that helps if your tolerances get too high . 
  just drink a couple or twelve beers and then toke again . 
  guaranteed to work . 
  i 've had 3 different ( one was roommates , one girlfriends ) playstations hooked up to 5 different internet connections . 
  all of them downloaded slow as fuck even though 2 of those connections were 100mbit and my xbox was able to use them just fine . 
  not only did the ps3 update every time i turned it on , the updates literally took 15-45 minutes . 
  game updates even longer sometimes . 
  and twice ( uncharted 2 and some other ps only game ) i was never able to play multiplayer even though i updated everything . 
  the ones i did get to work experienced way more lag and dropped games/hosts than on xbox . 
  i 'll gladly pay 3 $ a month for xbox live that actually functions . 
  me too, 
  every few months ? 
  try at least once a month if not every two weeks . 
  either a system update or a game update . 
  and i do n't know if it 's a problem with how ( all of the ) playstations we 're configured with ( many different ) routers but i 'm not exxagerating when i say the updates took 15 minutes to an hour . 
  the same game would update on xbox in 10 seconds or so . 
  over the same network . 
  it was ridiculous . 
   or so your university says . 
  there are some schools that do n't have gen ed requirements , many of them respected schools . 
  you enrolled at a school that does have such requirements , and ( at least if you looked into it ) you knew this before you enrolled . 
  where i live the requirements are pretty universial in every school . 
  and the uni i go to is the best in my country so i was just glad to get in and not really interested in the fine points of their degree requirements . 
  photoshop -  import video frames to layers -  save for web/devices, 
  extremely simple, 
  \\  no adblock, 
  wtf is this ? 
  just because you own a dslr does n't make you a professional . 
  source : i own a dslr . 
  i tend not to make these decisions on some sort of moral grounds or possible future feelings . 
  i 'm just lazy . 
  i tried cropping it out and google searching but no results . 
   becoming the person you know you can be, 
  yeah that line was a little over the top for me . 
  like out of one of those motivational speaker presentations .
