  i have to say my favourite is the [ angry birds fedora ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kc7byzg.jpg ) . 
  oh i know . 
  vanquish is one of my favourite 360 titles , probably played it through 5 times . 
  looks like decent weed but this is hardly the correct subreddit, 
  finnish does this . 
  of course it 's not totally free or you 'll screw up the meaning but most of the time you can move the words around relatively freely . 
  it helps that each word can have up to 15ish [ grammatical cases ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grammatical_case ) ( had to look that word up ) . 
  and of course you can combine them so the end result is nearly a hundred different variations of a single word . 
  it comes natural to us but that 's why it 's such a hard language to learn . 
  this is the price you pay for able to move words around . 
  e. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_grammar#word_order, 
  i know it 's possible to survive a gunshot wound to the head . 
  not sure about having motor control to pull the trigger again though but shock and adrenaline can make you do impossible stuff . 
  maybe he was just not aiming properly and the first shot barely grazed his skull . 
  yeah i blame tinkerbell for those thoughts, 
   you 'd probably end up feeling like you were cheating, 
  why ? 
  a decade ago i 'd never think i would say this in my life but : i want more ww2 games !, 
  no they were n't . 
  times do n't magically change by decade . 
  you could group together 1985-1995 just like people usually do with the 80 's and 90 's . 
  ten years is ten years . 
  taste and texture ? 
  just a wild guess but do you read anime and play vn 's ? 
  she 's hot but probably does n't have that big of a `` rack '' . 
  b cup at most . 
  the entire point of these outfits is to squish small teenage boobs together so they look way bigger than they are . 
  did he pass out at the end ? 
  depends . 
  are you talking about the products up to cs6 or the new adobe cloud or whatevery they call it ? 
  in the case of cs6 ( and before that all the way to cs2 at least ) there is a very specific ip you need to block that it uses for the online verification . 
  if that address can not be reached it does an offline verification which is much easier to crack . 
  after you 've verified either way you gain access to updates , which are downloaded from a different host/ip than the verification , so having blocked that ip before is no issue . 
  the software will try to keep connecting to the online verification every time you start it up , but the updater itself does n't care which verification you 've completed . 
  as to why they would use a different ip for the two functions , i have no clue . 
  because it 's the word he uses in the title . 
  i was actually quoting him , not using them to denote `` irony '' . 
  i rarely had school before 11am in high school . 
  we have a pretty free system in finland , almost exactly like the one in college . 
  you pick your classes and build your own schedule . 
  not like middle school where every day starts and end pretty much the same time for everybody . 
  best still of the moment of impact i could come up with . 
  the shoulder pad definitely hits the head but i 'm not 100 % i 'd call it the principal point of contact . 
  and i 'm finnish so if i 'm anyhow biased it 's towards the finns . 
  those are not organized by school here . 
  private sports clubs etc. 
  if you look at it from the one angle that actually shows something you 'll notice his elbow was around the crest in his chest :, 
  head or not there 's definitely no elbowing, 
  source ? 
  none of the finnish sports pages are reporting this . 
  he stops for a sec and laughs at 0:28 . 
  he knows what 's up at that point . 
  just keeps running cause he realizes what 's going on and it 's funny . 
  yeah there 's a story now . 
  i checked just as i posted and there was n't one yet . 
  it 's a lot worse than getting your tooth pulled . 
   a mother ( or mum/mom/mam ) is a woman who has raised a child , given birth to a child , and/or supplied the egg which in union with a sperm grew into a child . 
  if there was never a child you 're not a mom . 
  simple as that . 
  though if it helps relieve someone 's stress or anxiety or whatever mandatory abortion or miscarriages etc. 
  may cause i really do n't care if you call yourself that . 
  you 're not taking anything away from me . 
  yeah but nk hardly has the capacity for a nuclear attack on any country , especially any other than south korea . 
  just because it would be hard to invade them does n't mean they 're able to start ww3 . 
  u.s does n't want china growing but china taking over the nk soil hardly sounds like a reason to go to war with them . 
  north korea 's economy and infrastructure are in even worse shape than most of china , and it has a population of only 25 million . 
  even with all their population control china 's population still grows by 7 million a year . 
  control over nk would n't make any difference at all . 
  if i got 180-200 ping i 'd just play something else . 
  i do n't get how you can have fun playing cs with a ping of 200 . 
  i start noticing it as soon as i go over 50 , though it 's still manageable . 
  i 've only gotten over 100 once when i played with u.s. friends and it was terrible and i swore i 'd never do it again , i ca n't even imagine twice that . 
  i agree . 
  i do think the shoudler pads swipe his chin but it 's not the main point of contact . 
  it 's a hit to he upper torso with a shoulder while the player was admiring his drop pass . 
  it sucks when the tv announcers get everyone riled up about an elbow to the head before even seeing a replay . 
  if they actually looked at the replay they 'd see the russian guy 's elbow was around the finn 's stomach . 
  but no , everyone is going crazy about the injustice we face as a nation and the global conspiracy against the finnish team . 
  swedish refs and russian players ( not to mention belarus counts as russia ) all working together to ruin our chances . 
  or simply not be socially retarded and open your mouth to say something along the lines of `` hey !, 
  i was gon na eat some of that too '' and laugh it off . 
  no need to get upset in the first place . 
  i 've never forged anything because there was never any school activity i could n't just ask my parents to sign . 
  what kind of consent forms did you guys have ? 
  ours was mostly field trips and stuff like that , why would you need to forge that ? 
  because you have the biggest military so you do n't have to, 
  the egg ... which grew into a child, 
  just spawn people with armor in warmup . 
  no more aim punch would mean the rifles on the ground are more than enough . 
  mw3 did n't have any effect on bo2 . 
  that 's how it always was since the 3rd cod . 
  two companies doing their own thing . 
  well now three . 
  that 's why you see them introduce new gameplay mechanics only to take them away next year and then bring them back . 
  they 're like separate series with a separate canon under one name . 
  if you play the same developer 's cod 's it suddenly plays like a regular video game series with a continuation in development . 
  just because you have the biggest military does n't mean you can invade china . 
  you could destroy china with nukes for sure , but invading is a whole lot more difficult . 
  the chinese military technology is on par with the u.s technology . 
  while their standing army is a bit smaller it 's still of comparable size and if threatened they could just draft tens of millions of people .
