   social science, 
  pick one, 
   badminton has unfortunately a bad reputation, 
  i 've never heard of badminton having a bad reputation . 
  everybody loves badminton albeit some might consider it a bit boring . 
  i love how the comments are full of people exposing the fraud . 
  anyone who 's not mentally retarded figured out it 's a character 3 seconds into the video . 
  that does n't mean it ca n't be funny . 
  nice work, 
  jfk was riding the convertible as part of the presidential motorcade on his way to negotiate with other politicians as the president of the united states . 
  clementa pinckney was in that church acting in the capacity of a pastor , not a state senator . 
  i hate fox news just as much as anyone else but the guy has a point . 
  members 8,926 active members 763, 
  42 members and 193 guests, 
  230,937 readers, 
  6,464 users here now, 
  are you still wondering ? 
  but no one cares . 
  they are n't writing a history book . 
  ad revenue is more important than accuracy so do you really think they want to clickbait a crowd of 763 or 230,000 ? 
  i 'm not saying that 's not true but it still does n't change anything . 
  he was arrested and charged with that crime , that was the news story and that 's what happened . 
  yeah and there 's a difference between attacking a random stranger at a bar with zero provocation and fighting back when your violent girlfriend attacks you . 
  yet provoking / r/dota2 to visit the site to read the article about / r/dota2 and pissing off you and the other 3 people who cared enough to get pissed off still makes them more ad revenue than not blaming / r/dota2 in the first place . 
  attacking a random stranger at a bar with zero provocation is assault and fighting back when your violent girlfriend attacks you self-defense . 
  attacking your girlfriend with zero provocation is assault and fighting back when a random stranger at a bar attacks you is self-defense . 
  see now how it does n't really matter whether it 's his gf or not ? 
  it 's a privately owned website . 
  ad revenue means everything . 
  [ ] ( / flair-techies ), 
  yeah the dank original reddit maym, 
  imagine a reddit where the only subs are / r/funny / r/pics / r/adviceanimals and / r/reactiongifs, 
  oh yeah 500 $ of free money a month + 500 $ of government backed interest free loan ( per month ) sure is a terrible deal for students . 
   for what its worth scandanavians tend to have a sorely distorted view of how good/bad their state provisions are . 
  you have to understand it 's a complex issue . 
  for example here in finland a lot of students are protesting that dropping out of school and doing nothing qualifies you for more benefits than staying in school does since they 're handled by two different goverment institutions . 
  even if our student benefits are better than 98 % of the world you ca n't disagree it 's bullshit and sort of illogical to give more money for staying at home and lying on the couch than for studying to get a degree which would hopefully lead to employment and paying taxes to fund the damn program . 
   good luck living on 7300 nok when your rent is 6000 + a month . 
  and here is why most of the world finds your complaints unreasonable . 
  you 're literally saying `` i get free education and the rent of my apartment ( not a dorm room , an apartment ) is paid for by the state but i only have a little bit of free money left over after that '', 
  the exact figures vary by your city and rent etc. 
  but + -30 $ that 's how much i got in finland . 
   better get a job alongside !, 
  exactly . 
  yeah being paid 800 a month to study in a free university sure is what i consider `` getting fucked '', 
  i do n't know about living like kings but it sounds like you 're suggesting that the government aid being only enough for the bare minimum living expenses like rent and food during your college years and to have extra spending money a student needs to have a part-time job either on the weekends or the summer means the government has failed to support the students adequately . 
  i disagree with that assertion . 
  you 're clearly missing the point . 
   you 're literally saying `` i get free education and the rent of my apartment ( not a dorm room , an apartment ) is paid for by the state but i only have a little bit of free money left over after that '', 
  you fail to realize that unlike you a lot of people do n't consider the purpose of student aids to be funding a lifestyle equivalent to that of a full-time employed person . 
  your rent is paid for by the state . 
  you get around 200 euro a month for food which certainly is n't enough to eat out at restaurants or buy fine wine and cheeses but it is enough to survive . 
  if a student would n't be tempted to get a part-time job to fund a more enjoyable lifestyle and maybe go out on the weekends or buy expensive clothing and have multiple hobbies etc. 
  since his student aid was enough for all that then the student aid would be too much . 
  it 's not supposed to make you rich or even well-off . 
  it 's supposed to keep a roof over your head and keep you from starving while you enjoy free university education . 
  and what you 're describing seems to succeed at doing just that . 
   i think that students should be able to study without having to work alongside . 
  well you did say that the student aid covers rent with even money left over for food so i do think that is the case . 
  i understand that it requires a very frugal lifestyle with few pleasures and constant sacrifices but i consider that the the nature of living on government aid . 
  if you want to have spending money like a working person would then you have to take a part-time job . 
  that is fine in my opinion . 
  think about it this way : would working the average `` minimum wage '' job only on the weekends ( 2 days a week ) be enough to pay rent , food etc. 
  in a similiar location ? 
  probably not . 
  but since you 're studying during the week , you get government aid as well . 
  combined these two make up for an income that is not much but it is enough to live a normal life and certainly more than you would make just by working a that job . 
  now you 're probably thinking something along the lines of needing days off but let 's be honest here , university has a lot of long vacations and study breaks and voluntary attendance etc. 
  after all a student is in a point in their life where they contribute nothing . 
  of course if everything goes well they will contribute later on but right now they 're just sucking resources . 
  that 's why i do n't consider it that `` wrong '' that they have to make sacrifices either in their budget or their free time . 
  it 's basically the same phenomenon [ this picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3ty3aya.png ) describes . 
  if you take a look at her do you honestly think she 's ever had to come up with anything clever or geniunely funny to say in a conversation after she hit puberty ? 
  she could speak gibberish and people would still find her extremely pleasant company . 
   is it not normal to want improvement ? 
  improvement sure but government funding is not an infinite resource . 
  it 's a question of balance . 
  every extra cent spent on student aid is a cent away from public healthcare or elderly care or public playgrounds or whatever else is in the budget . 
  naturally people want more money channeled to whatever their current life situation is but then those students graduate and they 'll start bitching about the taxes going up and so forth . 
  i 'm sure every expenditure the government has could benefit from increased funding . 
  there 's always room for improvement no matter where you focus on . 
  that 's why it becomes a matter of opinions and in my personal opinion student aid is sufficient when it guarantees the bare minimum for living expenses and nothing more . 
   it seems like you think society is better off if people drop out . 
  i do n't understand how you could come to this conclusion . 
  we both agree on the idea that from our governments ' point of view it 's better the faster students complete their education . 
  where our opinions differ is that you consider the best way to achieve this is to give them sufficient funding to fully enjoy their life as full time students . 
  i believe that only leads to people spending overly long times at the university because as long as money is not an issue univeristy life is way more relaxed and enjoyable than work life is . 
  student life should be something people want to put behind them . 
  wanting to complete your degree quickly so you do n't have to life frugally is in my mind a lot more effective motivator than having all the time in the world since money is not a concern . 
   only, 
  oh so if it 's not the only reason then it did n't factor into the decision ? 
  it 's ok to outright lie to consumers and then fail to deliver as long as the consumers kinda wanted it anyway ? 
  people like you are the reason companies have the balls to do shit like this . 
  so you walk up to mcdonalds and pay $ 5 for a happy meal . 
  you take your seat and find out you were only given a burger and a soda but no fries . 
  you go back to ask for the missing fries and the cashier replies `` really you bought a happy meal just for the fries ? 
  you seem to be taking this way too personally '' . 
  you 'd think that after being this late they 'd at least make sure the launch would finally be a success . 
  like what 's the hurry at this point ? 
  might as well take two months extra and triple check every thing works , nobody is waiting for the announcement any moment now .
