  do you enjoy watching sitcoms on television and pointing out that they are in fact scripted and the actors are in on it ? 
   the billable for our c section which is major surgery was less than that . 
  no shit ? 
  it 's a million dollars . 
   op is pathetic enough to make up this retarded story, 
  you realize it was a joke , right ? 
  you have to be literally autistic to believe it was meant to be real and even get mad about it . 
  when i was 13 every kiosk had slot machines and sports betting available for all ( they still do but it 's now 18 + ) and it was never a widespread problem . 
  gambling is nothing new . 
  kids gambling is nothing new . 
  gambling addiction is nothing new . 
  wherever there 's something that brings pleasure someone is going to abuse it and get addicted . 
  well are n't you a nice boy . 
  i never stole from my parents either but i was very aware of other kids doing it . 
  not doing something does n't mean you ca n't acknowledge it happens . 
  16 is still underage . 
  you can easily get thousands of euros working a summer job or something . 
  well over multiple summers but yeah . 
  my point was over 1500 or whatever he said he 's lost, 
  i see that it works and everything but would n't it be a thousand times simpler and just as accurate to simply use a mold ? 
   it 's scary as shit going out on the road for the first time . 
  you do n't go out on the road in driver 's ed ? 
  i 'm not even surprised anymore by these hardcore chrsitians seeing gay sex everywhere but spongebob teaming up with sir mix-a-lot to perform baby got back is hilarious, 
  i do n't see how that would help at all with his problem, 
  yeah i thought the point of ac was being a quick and deadly efficient assassin . 
  not overly elaborate displays of gruesome violence . 
  better question is who still tries to watch tv ? 
  [ this ] ( http://images.fuskator.com/large/myjusabhzk5/argen_duo_muriel_sauna_stories_studioerotic_11.jpg ) is the original, 
  i do n't understand how linking to another subreddit is `` brigading '' . 
  i get why posts like `` go downvote this idiot '' etc. 
  are not allowed but what 's the harm in linking to another part of reddit and letting users express how they feel ? 
  that 's what reddit is about . 
  we link to news articles/videos/websites with comment sections or polls all the time , how is linking inside reddit any different ? 
   especially since if op has n't called the post out , nobody would know about it, 
  yeah but the point of posting on reddit is to put whatever you have to say out there for others to judge . 
  unless it 's a private subreddit but you ca n't link to those anyway . 
  why would you post on reddit with the expectation that nobody will see it ? 
  more like 2022 tbh, 
  i ca n't imagine what he would have to do to not get in when he retires . 
  aside from being a team captain in the nhl he 's been the national team captain every time he shows up to play ( which is quite often for an nhl player ( sorry ) ) and was the captain of the team that won a world championship . 
  even if his scoring went to absolute shit he 's still considered a great leader . 
  this has been happening for the past ten years though . 
  not with every game , but it 's nothing new . 
  just because the order you complete the missions is free does n't necessarily mean there is n't any sort of progress meter in the campaign . 
   i can understand it for something like tablets or vr , which is inherently different . 
  but a game that can be played with a controller should always be available on pc . 
  it 's almost like console manufacturers are businesses that are trying to make money . 
  yes, 
  yeah but shitty teammates cause much more displeasure than shitty opponents bring pleasure . 
   sir, 
   sir, 
  i pay 9.90 a month for the same speed fiber in finland . 
  but i do live in a city . 
  400mbps would be 19.90 but i do n't think it 's worth it . 
  why are you even on here if you 're such a pussy ? 
  yeah what the fuck this is n't the / r/spacedicks i knew . 
  i thought it was on / r/funny before realizing i 'm not subscribed to / r/funny, 
  op is a pastor from singapore who spent # 23m of church money to fund his wife 's rap career, 
  there 's already more than enough deal breakers here, 
  wait are you telling me overwatch is not going to be f2p ? 
  i was already not going to touch it , but damn . 
  it 's like they 're digging their own grave . 
  dota 2 makes valve literally hunderds and hundreds of millions of dollars every year with all characters and other in-game content being totally free . 
  charging purely for cosmetics is a viable business model . 
  did you think you 'd live to see the day when people want to pay for what is basically a f2p game ? 
  because it 's just the same as circlejerking `` i do n't understand why anyone would ever use a gamepad '' . 
  i use both input methods and both have their advantages and disadvantages . 
  depends on the single player stuff though . 
  good luck playing arma campaign with a controller . 
  i 'd rather pay for my own food than be in front of all those cameras all night tbh, 
  tbf the term `` system '' is pretty ambiguous to someone who is n't into video games . 
  she probably has a laptop , that might have some games on it . 
  her phone . 
  maybe she 's dated someone with a console in the living room that to someone who does n't know anything is just games running on the television . 
  it 's fully understandable how she would n't make the connection that her laptop is her `` video game system '' . 
  yeah one for each hand and foot . 
  and then a fifth one you operate with your nose if you ever want to go flying . 
  good for flying , shit for everything else . 
  arma has controller support . 
  technically . 
  it 's just completely unplayable because no controller has enough buttons . 
  i wonder if he was rewarded with a $ 100 dollar bill, 
   a person or people that travel from one country or area to another in order to improve their standard of living . 
   it is wrong . 
  period . 
  so is it wrong for a polish native to move to germany ? 
  or a swedish native moving to norway ? 
  estonian moving to finland ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i agree that these people are n't refugees anymore at that point , but i do n't think it 's `` wrong '' . 
  well if you 're talking about the us it 's pretty much 50/50 these days elegiggle, 
  whoa whoa there was nothing homoerotic about that story . 
  just two boys sharing a hotel room, 
  do n't believe everything you read, 
  in cod1 rate of fire on semi-automatic weapons was tied to fps . 
  i do n't know if it got patched later on but if you played with textures that were basically one color for one wall/player you could empty a m1 garand clip in under a second . 
  yeah because there 's nothing wrong with offering a season pass . 
  i personally would n't ever pay for one , but i totally understand why it would serve both players who already know they want all the dlc and the developer to offer the dlc as one package for a lowered price . 
  season passes are not the issue . 
  especially since bethesda said they have n't even started working on the dlc 's before launch so it 's not just content cut out to sell separately .
