  better looking than most of the ones listed above . 
   did not expect beer to be so sticky, 
  have you never spilled beer on anything before ? 
  i get when these happen when two different heads of state meet and pose for photos etc. 
  but are n't they supposed to run for office together ? 
  it 's pretty clear who the presidental candidate is and which is vp . 
  there should n't really be a power struggle there . 
  that 's what i did . 
  i also tried it again now after your message and it did n't do anything . 
  i tried to rewrite the defaut profile and a new one at `` other profiles '' with no success . 
  same `` new to arma 3 ? '', 
  pop up . 
  you think tv stations or production companies do n't hire actual lawyers to create these documents for them ? 
  this is not that even that complicated of a deal . 
  if it reached a point of serious discomfort for the dog it would just get up . 
   i could 60 fps record with little to no problem but 60 fps live stream was killing my fps . 
  what game ? 
  you seem to have a 980ti and i have n't struggled with fps even with a 970 while streaming at 60fps with the maximum allowed bitrate on twitch . 
  is n't this what happens when the computer decides to upgrade to win10 by itself ? 
  i was using 8.1 with automatic updates set off and had never had the computer restart by itself or even gotten that pop up that sometimes happened in xp or something where you had to delay an update but one day all of a sudden i got a suggen blue screen saying `` restarting '' then `` configuring windows 10 '' just like in the clip . 
  his mom was the one filming it . 
  i 've never used shadowplay for streaming but thanks for your input . 
  most `` professional '' streamers use the same obs software amateurs with 3 viewers do . 
  by struggle i mean ever dipping below 60 . 
  or under 200 in csgo . 
  i have n't tried streaming in 1080p though . 
  thanks . 
  i was n't able to view it for some reason . 
  be that as it may she ca n't just overthrow him and switch places mid race . 
  it 's in her interest that he does well . 
  it 's actually a pretty weird idea . 
  dota has always been very strict about what is shareable so that supports ca n't just flat out transfer farm over to a carry which is exactly what this allows . 
  religion has a lot to do with it . 
   it 's obviously not legal . 
  if i had suspicions my dad was breaking the law i would n't drop out of college to stalk him full time to prove it . 
  except he did n't try to make it look like she was lying . 
  he admitted it . 
  the mom knew about it . 
  no one claimed she made up the emails or that she was lying . 
  all he did was refuse to change his ways while pretending to have done so and distanced himself from his daughter who started obsessing over the fact . 
  at no point in the story even from her obviously one-sided point of view does he claim she made it up . 
  the amount does n't make any difference in whether or not it 's a transfer of farm . 
  also it 's not just 150 gold . 
  it 's 425 experience . 
  it 's an actual permanent increase in power unlike something such as using a salve on a teammate . 
  there did n't use to be any way whatsoever to transfer experience . 
  while it 's true he was a hypocrite it did n't sound like his gay tendencies had much of a direct effect on her . 
  she does paint him as a rather distant father figure but it 's not like that 's unheard of especially when he 's working in a high corporate position and with a stay-at-home spouse even without the gay sex . 
  her own obsession seemed much more destructive than anything he ever did . 
  it 's more about trying to get into the ref 's head and hopefully make him have the tiniest lapse in judgement or second thoughts on a future close call that could be all it takes to make a difference than it is about giving the refs honest feedback on their performance . 
  even pro refs are human and susceptible to outside influences conscious or not . 
  it 's not a coincidence all nhl teams have less penalties and a higher win % at home . 
  refs intentionally do n't watch replays during games . 
  the chance of getting confirmation on a good call is not worth the risk of seeing you make a mistake and start second guessing yourself like you brought up . 
  a referee has to believe every call he made was the right one anyway to stay on top of a game so there 's nothing to be gained by watching the screen . 
  that 's why it 's also extremely rare to see a ref overturn another ref 's call even if they have the authority to and had a different view of the situation . 
  the effect of a hostile crowd is much more subconscious than something as logical and complicated you try to make it sound . 
  i would pay 15-20 $ for a remastered cod4 simply for the fact that it would mean cod4 had a really active playerbase again . 
  the visual improvements are secondary . 
   there are still tons of servers online, 
  for tdm . 
  i would love to be able to find full games of the less popular game modes without waiting like it is with new cod games and like it could be with a cod4 re-release . 
  well eventually every hero gets 6-slotted too so everything is `` temporary '' . 
  dota is all about hitting those power peak timings as soon as possible . 
   or find a willing test subject, 
  if the options are a clinical trial with at least a chance of getting a functioning knee or simply giving up hope and living without one for the reminder of their lives i do n't think it 's that difficult at all to see why people in this situation would be willing to give it a shot . 
  yes you can . 
  you do n't need consent to film somebody in a public place and it does n't make any difference what the `` focus '' of the video is . 
  of course upskirts photos are a different matter all together but simply filming people in public is totally legal even if they disapprove of it . 
  i know this might be hard to believe for an american but there are actual countries full of white people . 
   you cant just go up to somebody and film them . 
  yes you can . 
  everything else you said is total bullshit . 
  why on earth is that tied to the windows install and not the steamid for example ? 
  i wish it were n't but it is . 
   why would faces ever be blurred out then ? 
  courtesy and politeness . 
  not everything people do is mandated by law . 
   why do films have consent forms at all ? 
  if i have the ability to film whomever the fuck i want , why do actors need to sign letters of consent ? 
  because using somebody 's likeness for financial gain such as selling movie tickets or making an advertisement is an entirely different matter than simply filming someone . 
  the rest of your post was incoherent rambling . 
   members of the public have a very limited scope of privacy rights when they are in public places . 
  basically , anyone can be photographed without their consent except when they have secluded themselves in places where they have a reasonable expectation of privacy such as dressing rooms , restrooms , medical facilities , and inside their homes . 
  it 's true that i would pay . 
  it 's also true that activision wo n't sell it seperately so i wo n't pay . 
  yeah and tend to specialize to one sport for their entire careers . 
  here he comes for the last jump of the season he 's got a grasp on the victory as long as he 's succesful and va - [ cuts mid word ] there he goes janne ah - [ loud mumbling ] absolutely inexplicable jump which he fails to land . 
  hopefully he 's okay , that was a terrible jump . 
  horrible jump , this is getting too dangerous . 
  he 's excited for the guaranteed victory up until the point he falls but these `` ski flying '' 200 + meter hills have always been controversial . 
  also where are all the commenters from the original story saying he does n't even look like he has a disablity . 
  who said that ? 
  my mom took me to a frida kahlo exhibit when i was like 8 and the shit was disturbing . 
  in real life fog is very atmospheric but in video games it just instantly makes me think of terrible draw distance . 
  those look like comfortable hoodies, 
  they 're still doing that with the vita ? 
  i remember being pissed about it with the psp . 
   with the psp ( original model , anyway ) they used memory stick pro duo cards , which are definitely sony cards , but they were n't exclusively psp cards, 
  maybe but literally no other device except some sony camcorders used pro duo cards so they might as well have been exclusive to the psp .
