  i meant it as `` i 'm glad that he 's given a 6th chance , so that he can participate in csgo matchmaking '' . 
  yeah but not the vast majority of people who have it installed, 
  i 'm an adult and have my own computer . 
  are you implying there are situations where it 's acceptable to make an issue out of your partner watching porn in overall ? 
  the type of porn or amount of it or in their company etc. 
  sure but i really do n't think one ever has right to outright ban `` watching porn '' from your partner , no matter how much you communicate about it . 
  yeah but his `` i knew they could n't have changed * that much * '' really undermines how much selective breeding has done in four centuries . 
  that watermelon pic is small compared to some other achievements . 
  you think beer was invented in huge factories ? 
  beer is much older than the industrial revolution . 
  originally all beer was what would now be referred to as `` craft beer '' . 
   nature is still involved, 
  nature is still involved with gmos . 
  saying something is `` natural '' is just a buzz word . 
  yeah that 's really the issue with the hero . 
  i hate it just as much if not more if it 's on my team . 
  it has nothing to do with how powerful it is or is n't . 
  the whole concept is gimmicky , depends a lot of luck and is just anti-fun . 
  yeah na ` vi did n't get worse . 
  their competition just got better . 
  yeah and even if it 's true it 's pretty pointless since `` half '' of anyone 's heroes are typically out of meta no matter what they are . 
  yeah but unique is not always a good thing . 
  there 's usually a reason why certain mechanics ( like self-activating traps ) are n't used more widely . 
   face it , players are getting better and dendi has n't improved along with them . 
  i never said anything opposite ? 
  i do n't even think he woooshed . 
  he mentioned nua so he actually knew what the comment was referencing . 
  that 's even worse . 
  `` by mistake '', 
  whoever wrote that list must not have visited more than 3 cities, 
  i wonder if it 's a routing thing or something . 
  this sub keeps circlejerking how the youtube stream looks `` so much better '' . 
  i get a solid 60fps on both and if it 's fullscreen i honestly can not tell a difference . 
  last time i had any buffering or other issues with twitch was before they increased their server capacity in like 2012 . 
  bruno joins valve . 
  glimmer cape gets introduced . 
  yeah and also at least before ti they lived and practiced in the same house so it might be a good idea to avoid the awkwardness that comes from purposfully picking the other team ensuring at least one goes out during first stage of the tournament . 
  do n't buy razer . 
  all their products break quickly . 
  they spend more money on blinking lights and advertising than qa . 
  she did n't get justice . 
  her family got ( some sort of ) justice though apparently the dad killed himself too so not really there to enjoy it . 
  except you dont get the rangefinder/aoe indicator currently , right ? 
  i 've gotten `` poor network conditions detected '' 3 games out of 5 in the last 24 hours . 
   finally ti5 comes in with a moderate spread overall , with 97 % pick + ban for queen of pain , falling off to an 88 % pick + ban gyrocoptor . 
  where are you getting these statistics ? 
  [datdota.com ] ( http://www.datdota.com/stats.php?p=draft&amp;event=451 ) says lesh and gyro are 100 % pick/ban and qop is 3rd at 96.5 ( [ imgur mirror of current situation ] ( http://i.imgur.com/unbal9a.png ) ), 
  as someone who 's watched almost every game ( live + vods ) i can guarantee you lesh and gyro are higher than 88 %, 
  e. apparently dotabuff includes the qualifiers as well since qop has 340 games total . 
  datdota is just the actual event . 
  what is it with people on this sub and this religious-like approach to icefrog ? 
  how do you even know he still works at valve or the extent of his involvement ? 
  there 's a reason his identity is kept secret . 
  yeah because having an account named `` icefrog '' post truly does prove there is only one guy called icefrog and he 's in charge of everything . 
  how do you even know who posts on that account or that it is n't used by multiple people ? 
   what would be the point of having a pretend icefrog, 
  because most of the fans regard him as some sort of demigod from dota1 days ? 
  think about it . 
  his involvement was a huge selling point for dota 2 at the time of the announcement . 
  as far as we know valve could 've just paid him for the right to use his name and to this day you would n't be able to tell the difference . 
  i 'm not saying i know icefrog does n't work with dota 2 , i 'm saying there 's absolutely no way to know he does . 
  my entire point is that there is no proof either way and you respond with `` get some proof '', 
  tbh i do n't remember him even trying to make any predictions or suggestions when they were analyzing the draft . 
  his involvement in the draft discussion was limited to stuff like `` and there 's the gyro '' etc. 
  just making sure the conversation flows . 
  synd does cast games with od https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cknkx8vuyaajcvr.jpg, 
  i wish godz was casting in the main event but i guess he 's busy in the panel or something, 
   except there 's plenty of evidence it 's him on social media/forums, 
  no there is n't . 
  there 's evidence that someone occasionally posts under the alias icefrog on dev forums . 
  how do you know it 's just one guy and more specifically that certain one guy ? 
  you could say the same thing about a `` slip-up '' leaking his real name but that has n't happened either . 
  no shit ? 
  my comment was n't negative . 
  in fact i was saying he did a good job sticking to his role as a host . 
  there 's one 7.5 k girl on eu west . 
  is there any other reason not to restart your client after 10 minutes than trying to get a screenshot like this ? 
  alternating between playing doto and watching vods of the games i missed on b/c stream . 
  when you have matumbaman on your team and you know you 're gon na win 5 mmr, 
  true , but a lot of people use the term without knowing the origin . 
  this is the paper handed out to the casters on the first day when they arrived so there might be some chances but so far it 's been accurate . 
  especially on this subreddit ayyy lmao, 
  i just downloaded the update and it says new store items but nothing new shows up :(, 
  the entire `` crazy theory '' is that there is no proof either way and you could n't tell the difference which is entirely true . 
  the `` crazy theory '' is n't that i know for a fact he is n't working on dota 2 . 
  but i did n't claim that icefrog is n't working with valve . 
  i claimed you could n't tell the difference even if he was n't . 
  you 're right the burden of proof is on me but the fact that he has n't made any public appearances is proof enough imo . 
  how do you claim to know that icefrog actually does work on the game ? 
  even better is the amount of gold nova redditors saying unless vac triggers he 's clean . 
   ha . . have you ever had a claim fulfilled by insurance in a timely manner ? 
  yes . 
  every time i 've had to deal with an insurance company . 
  the only time i had a problem was when i filed for something that apparently was n't covered ( medical bills for getting injured during an `` official '' game while on vacation ) so the customer service person called me and told me that she altered my application ( to casually playing sports with friends ) so that it would be covered . 
  if you 're a teenager or twenty-something it 's not just plausible , it 's pretty common at the start of relationships when you ca n't get enough of each other . 
  it 's not seven hours of continuous penetration without ejaculation . 
  it 's seven hours of fucking , cuddling , then fucking again etc. 
  if you were n't a virgin i would n't have to explain this to you . 
  it looks like this if you 've disabled styles . 
  ca n't tell what 's causing it though , check the style settings first .
