  i think my cornering you get a lot more out of a bowl = more super fat hits . 
  of course it depends on the size of the bowl but it 's easy to torch even a big bowl quickly and not `` get as much high out of it '' . 
  also it 's just common courtesy to not light the entire bowl if you 're not the only one who 's planning on smoking from said bowl . 
  i did n't read all of your rambling but, 
   talking this thoroughly over the most effective and the proper way to smoke with people : just drop it, 
  why ? 
  of course if someone is smoking his own bowl i wo n't correct him but if we rolled a joint together or filled a bong 50-50 then of course i do n't want the other guy to waste it . 
  it 's my weed he 's wasting too . 
  and yes i live in an area where weed is expensive so this shit is serious . 
  so instead of sharing a bowl one guy should smoke an entire bowl by himself while others watch him do it and wait for their turn ? 
  sounds a lot less fun than just passing it, 
  i like bongs with huge bowls . 
  you do n't have to fill them up all the time . 
  besides passing the bong is a lot more fun than waiting for your turn, 
  it does n't exist, 
  yup . 
  no amount of weed will make me think of fishes or some shit . 
  serious heart aches are serious, 
   when my brother was caught , she told the cops he was dealing , when he 'd just smoked up a friend . 
  what what what whaaaat ? 
  and your family still speaks to her ? 
  post result to http://www.reddit.com/r/stonerengineering, 
  you 're still an idiot for believing in a magic ghost , no matter what 's socially acceptable, 
  of course i have a screen . 
  why would i not use one ? 
  i 'm not being a badass . 
  i 'm just thinking about this thing like any other without worrying if someone somewhere might get offended . 
  the arguments for the existance of a god are ridiculous . 
  now i wo n't stop you from worshiping your faith or make a scene because you want to pray in public or something but if someone tried to convince me of anything with such shitty `` proof '' i would think he 's gone mad . 
  yeah acceptance is fine , but we need to face the fact that some stories just are bullshit . 
  like the one about that middle eastern kid who got born out of wedlock and therefore is the son of god . 
  because you know teenagers do n't have sex . 
  never have and never will . 
  well i 'm not the definition of acceptance, 
  yeah but that 1st pic is a pretty bad one , no clue why op chose that one because she truly used to be a lot better, 
  i 've bookmarked http://www.reddit.com/r/gif+gifs+nsfw_gif+nsfw_gifs, 
  also if you have res you can just add it to the top bar thingy, 
  holy fuck i had previously set my profile so that no one except my friends can browse it but now i had `` everyone can view my timeline '' allowed & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  the reason i watched mean girls like 6-8 times when i was 15, 
  4chan and reddit are filled with the same people anyway . 
  no need to pretend one is better . 
  bonus points if the video is over 8 minutes long, 
  my entire family is not one person . 
  i like some of the people in my family . 
  but i do n't understand why i should hang out with all of them just because we have the same ancestors . 
  that 's why i 've skipped pretty much every family event for the last 5 years or so . 
  i have real friends that i like to hang out with because i 've chosen them based on personality , not our dna . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  it 's like people who feel compelled to hang out and socialize with their neighbours . 
  i did n't choose my family , i did n't choose my neighbours , i chose my friends . 
  that 's why i also choose to spend time with them . 
  it 's funny how ( conservatice ) american 's always go on and on about how if there was stricter gun control people would just shoot each other with illegal guns . 
  yet somehow countries with stricter gun control have only a fraction of the gun violence ( per capita ) that u.s does . 
  magic ? 
  e. http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/cri_gun_vio_hom_hom_wit_fir-crime-gun-violence-homicides-firearms, 
  i had it on `` custom '' but nothing was completely public, 
  i 've never seen anyone use a bong without a screen . 
  if none can be found we would make one out of foil or something . 
  i do n't understand what cornering has to do with screens, 
  people die every day . 
  more like every second . 
  just because these ones had a relative in a foreign tv show i 've never seen does n't really make me symphasize with them any more than kids who die of starvation or lack of clean water . 
  at least these kids enjoyed their life for a while . 
  maybe you should n't be browsing any reddit or funny pictures if your boss is close enough to read size 10 text, 
  i live in finland where we had a similiar thing with child pornography and internet censorship . 
  the ridiculous thing is it takes 10 seconds to override the censor if you want to ( switch to opendns ) and the list of the censored sites is public = free library of child porn sites for anyone interested , kept up to date by the finnish police force . 
  nice going there guys . 
  well i 'm glad i 'm not depressed that easily because life would be a bummer, 
  yes . 
  well technically the list is n't hosted on police servers but by law they are oblicated to provide the list if asked so there are some ( anti-censorship ) sites that keep asking for it and post it online just to fuck with them . 
  but if a pedophile wanted to he could ask for the most up to date list himself as well . 
  yeah i mean i think it 's a good thing it 's public . 
  in the beginning they did block one of these list sites without any actual content on it and that stirred up some drama . 
  to be honest i 've heard and read both so i ca n't be sure of either . 
  it 's possible it was a part of the suggested but not the passed bill or something , it 's been years . 
  but the point stands that the finnish police keep a list of `` forbidden '' porno sites anyone can find online . 
  lapsiporno.info did n't specifically say where they got the list from , or at least i could n't see it anywhere without reading through all the news . 
  5.5 represent, 
  he mad, 
  i turned mine on because of this comic, 
  my friend has asthma why he has n't been smoking in the last few years . 
  but now i and his brother got vapes and he absolutely loves it , just a heads up . 
  no it does n't . 
  it 's still a pain in the ass to empty a bowl and to refill it . 
  you save time and effort with big bowls . 
  because china is one place, 
  i 'm an all-day everyday smoker and a deabbeat who sits at home playing video games but i 'm happy , i truly am . 
  is n't that what 's most important ? 
  on the other hand it 's a very enjoyable lifestyle, 
  or just set the controller down for 20 seconds and reddit . 
  that 's what i do . 
  it 's also the reason there 's like 2x extra playtime in my save . 
  i like the outward extending eyebrow ridge . 
  it gives it the yeti/bigfoot look . 
  the funny thing is everyone knows this is exactly what 's happening whenever someone says `` they do n't want to fuck through their teens '' or anything along those lines . 
  because you 're either a virgin or a porn star , right ? 
  having sex is not the same as fucking through teens which is not the same as having your life revolve around getting laid . 
  absolutely none, 
  i 'm actually serious , i have something like a little over 20k of gamerscore but there is n't a single one i would be proud of, 
  no i enjoy challenge .
