  i 'd like to hear your opinions and discussion as well , whether you prefer the old or new system . 
  like most of my friends i play both nhl and fifa . 
  we play a lot together but many of us have also had ultimate teams . 
  everyone has always loved the hut system while fut was `` worse but the best available option for football ultimate team '' . 
  now they 've gone and copied the shitty fut system to hut 13 . 
  i ca n't even imagine who 's idea it was and why . 
  cons of the new system :, 
  - no career limit . 
  once you get a superstar player he 'll be in your lineup until the release of nhl 14 . 
  less changes in roster . 
  makes building a team more boring . 
  - no salary cap . 
  promising rookies are worthless . 
  no point in searching for not as well known players with good potential when you might as well fill your team with today 's superstars . 
  this makes trading more dull than before . 
  also you do n't have to choose between focusing on offense or defense . 
  paying for cards is even more beneficial than before . 
  - contracts are useless . 
  before they were tied to the training and salary cap . 
  now they 're just a tax for playing the game . 
  contracts do n't benefit you in any way . 
  - injuries , though this would be entirely possible to implement with the old system as well . 
  - reassigning player positions . 
  same as above . 
  ca n't think of anything else . 
  if you have something to add please comment . 
  ** edit . 
  ** also , why the hell are you not able to see your opponent 's roster or even the star ratings before a game ? 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  like they 're purposfully hidden . 
  there 's even a roster screen but you ca n't see what your opponent is doing . 
  or more specifically goalies need to be nerfed . 
  i love the new system of how they read the play and anticipate passes . 
  however like often happens in ea sports games the new feature is completely op . 
  goalies moving with the passes and diving in desperation = great . 
  goalies catching 99 % of one-timers = not great . 
  it 's ridiculous that shitty snap shots from the point have a way bigger chance of going in than a tap-in from 2 feet away . 
  it 's like the goalies get some kind of superboost whenever the shot happens to be a one-timer . 
  they do n't just move quickly but they simply catch everything . 
  it 's a thin line we 're on because i certainly would n't want the one-timer abuse from 12 , 11 , 10 etc. 
  back , but seeing as how one-timers are very effective in real life hockey it just feels stupid that as it stands one-timers are the least probable shots to go in in nhl13 . 
  just started happening . 
  i did n't get any pucks for my last 2 games even though i finished ( and won ) both . 
  i 'm sure because i just got 716 points for winning and after the game had 360 pucks on my account . 
  then i noticed last 2 games did n't show in my record either . 
  consider this a warning in case this is a temporary bug with the entire system . 
  contracts did get spent however . 
  that 's nice . 
  i just started playing again after about 6 months and have n't really been following the community either so i 'm not sure if this is a known issue and/or if there 's a fix to it . 
  i have unlocked 8 custom classes through prestigeing and can edit them all in create a class , but whenever i go to a game i can only choose between 1 and 5 . 
  is there anything i can do about this ? 
  i 'm looking for the entire broadcast of stream a for day 2 . 
  i was able to find days 1 , 3 and 4 but 2 is nowhere to be found . 
  [ taketv ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/team/taketvsub ) lists plenty of videos named day 2 but the games shown in these videos are actually from day 3 . 
  the [ group stage 1 for groups e-h ] ( http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/homestory_cup/6#group_stage_1 ) is nowhere to be found . 
  anyone know where i could view it ? 
  say i have marines and a ghost or a raven in the same control group . 
  every time i switch to that group the ghosts/raven 's actions or spells or whatever they 're called are displayed and i have to press tab to get to my marines . 
  i 'd like stim to be always readily available so is there any way to either select the skill set displayed by default per control group or permanently change the `` priorization order '' as it seems some units always override certain others regardless of how many there are . 
  is the 3 part system to get more of that sweet youtube money ? 
  i 'd imagine he would n't have a problem just streaming for an hour seeing as how any casting he does usually requires way longer continual speaking than an hour . 
  but what i really do n't understand is why he 's always so worried about the time ? 
  i do n't mean the `` oh look at the time it 's time for a break '' but dailies like [ this one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lewdu0dpiiy#t=55m34s ) . 
  `` we 're gon na have to blast through this game hella fast because we do not want to go over '' . 
  what difference do a few minutes make on the internet ? 
  my facebook is in english ( us ) . 
  my friends are 50-50 american and finnish . 
  i speak both languages . 
  however every finnish or non-english status update and comment these days has a `` see translation '' below it . 
  the translator does n't even work . 
  it 's like google translate was 5 years ago . 
  how can i disable it ? 
  i could n't find anything in the settings . 
  have n't made a game thread before but there was n't any and the game starts now . 
  that 's also the reason i do n't have any time to do a better one . 
  tv : fs-north , fs-wisconsin ; fs-west, 
  season series : minnesota is making its second and final visit to anaheim . 
  the ducks beat the wild 3-1 four weeks ago . 
  the ducks visit the xcel energy center on march 12 . 
  big story : two teams that missed the playoffs last spring enter march in the top eight in the western conference and are coming off victories . 
  minnesota held on for a 4-3 victory at phoenix on thursday , while the ducks had a day off after beating nashville 5-1 at home on wednesday . 
  team scope :, 
  wild : it 's been a tough season for two-time 50-goal scorer dany heatley -- or it was until thursday , when he scored his sixth and seventh of the season to help the wild beat the coyotes . 
  heatley had scored just once in 13 games after getting four goals in his first five . 
  `` i think whenever i score everyone thinks it 's a good game , and if do n't they think it 's not as good game , '' he said . 
  `` we understand the situation that it 's going to be a grind and a one-goal game every night no matter what . 
  we had a pretty big lead tonight and still made it a one-goal game . 
  but we 're used to it and we 're ready for it . '', 
  ducks : there was no game thursday , but honda center was still filled -- this time with 13,000 students who attended an open practice that included a skills competition . 
  the ducks showed plenty of skill the night before when they blasted a weary nashville team to bounce back after a 5-2 loss at los angeles on monday . 
  it was a special night for 22-year-old kyle palmieri , who had a natural hat trick -- with all three goals set up by linemates ryan getzlaf and corey perry . 
  the smithtown , n.y. , native said his parents stayed up late to watch the ducks ' seventh straight home victory . 
  `` being from the east coast , a couple people might have been sleeping while the game was going , '' he said thursday , `` but this morning and last night i got plenty of texts and plenty of calls . 
  it was definitely fun for me , and my family was watching back east , so i know they enjoyed it . '', 
  who 's hot : wild goaltender niklas backstrom is 5-1-1 in his last seven games . 
  ... getzlaf has 11 points during a four-game scoring streak , and perry has 11 in his six-game streak . 
  first-year goaltender viktor fasth is 9-1-0 in his first 10 nhl decisions . 
  injury report : minnesota is without forward cal clutterbuck ( thigh ) . 
  ... the ducks report no injuries . 
  here 's a video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmhjjoyxvde,
