  it 's the easiest method and lets you use hdmi . 
  ftl was a great game but i never cared for the music . 
  i had it muted most of the time . 
  but is n't that because they 're `` wireless '' ? 
  how is that `` wireless '' by the way if the usb has to be plugged in . 
  yeah i 'm not going to bother rehosting a google image result to imgur when the original worked perfectly fine, 
  yeah i know . 
  you do n't need to do that though . 
  if you want it may work , but there are easier methods . 
  well that makes sense . 
  but judging by the pic op 's headset clearly is n't wireless . 
  well i 'm glad you got it working but setting up the audio to go through the tv does take about 10 seconds at the most . 
  just because they 're bolted on does n't mean we must all love them . 
  i personally like rikki 's tits but i 'm okay with someone having a different opinion . 
  i 've seen posts on here i personally did n't like either . 
  there 's no different versions . 
  technically i got the `` physical pc version '' . 
  i 've never seen the discs and i 've only played it on my os x. 
  gtao , tropico 4 gold and stanley parable, 
  those are n't taiwanese special forces . 
  they 're the unidad t\u00e1ctica de resoluci\u00f3n de crisis . 
  a bolivian special forces program shut down in 2009 . 
  i 'm surprised there are this many people on / r/militaryporn who had n't seen these pics before . 
  yeahh ... nope . 
  co-op is still multiplayer . 
   ca n't buy the cheapest property in the game , ca n't buy cars or guns, 
  the cheapest property is $ 25k and the cheapest guns are $ 10k . 
  something you make in less than 30 minutes playing the game even doing the most noob friendly level 3 tutorial missions . 
  you also get free guns by playing any mission and the property is nothing but a visual money sink . 
  it makes me cringe how badly you want to jump the `` gtao sucks '' circlejerk karma train that you did n't even try to play the game for more than 10 minutes before complaining that you did n't get everything right away . 
  you can find rpg 's anywhere where black market weapons are sold . 
  usually not too expensive either . 
  the steyr aug is pretty rare whether you 're looking for a legal one or not . 
  are they really that rare ? 
  the first site i looked for one at had [ two for sale ] ( http://www.lahdeniemi.fi/sivut/kayt-kiv.htm ) , both for under 2k $ . 
  i 'd assume it 's even easier and cheaper to get in a country like mexico ( or us ) . 
  i do n't think the aug is * that * rare either . 
  i was just commenting that an rpg is often the first weapon you see at black market sales after the ak-47s and hunting rifles . 
  i doubt these were purchased legally . 
  except i do n't see how this was justiceporn even if they were sentenced . 
  people prostituting children and then getting caught is n't `` justiceporn '' . 
  those kids still were raped . 
  they still do n't have loving parents . 
  i refure to believe ups drivers are paid 5 times better than any job . 
  \\  good money, 
  \\  domestic vacations, 
  how ? 
  arcanine was always a bitch . 
  i could 've told you that tv is about ~ 20 '' without all the math . 
   tiger, 
  he was basically a big cat, 
  well the hk416 is like 30 years newer than the aug. 
   i medicate daily to the point i rarely get high anymore . 
  i really do n't care about getting high , just about pain relief . 
  well then your case is n't really what 's discussed in this thread , is it ? 
  i 've never had any issues with dry weed . 
  why would i risk it molding by putting any sort of moisture in there ? 
  it 's not that difficult once you practice it but it 's terribly dangerous . 
  the danger is n't that you get caught on fire or anything , it 's that tiny particles of that fire breathing liquid ( basically treated gasoline ) get down your throat each time you do it . 
  over time you can have serious health complications . 
  wow that 's a load of bullshit . 
  i 'm depressed . 
  anyone who 's ever smoked weed more than a few times has been depressed at some point in their lives . 
  no one ever got through it by smoking weed . 
  and reading op 's post it sounds like the depression came after his increase in smoking , not the other way around . 
  if there 's one succesful way to fight depression it 's to stop smoking ( and drinking ) . 
  i realize marijuana can be used as a pain medicine , but using it to `` self medicate '' depression is like medicating yourself with a bottle of whiskey . 
  they both will take the immediate pain away . 
  neither are actual treatments . 
  no but i 've had extremely dry weed . 
  i just never realized it was supposed to be a problem . 
  why is it a problem ? 
  in moderation these `` soul searching '' sessions or whatever you want to call them can probably be effective , but smoking every day wo n't help you figure out anything . 
  op himself said it was becoming a negative thing for him and he 's not enjoying it enough anymore to justify the `` guilt trips '' . 
  i hate how some people think that now that medical marijuana is an actual acknowledged thing it 's a this unbeatable argument that you can throw into any discussion and win automatically . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with people using it for law enforcement etc. 
  related purposes and i do n't care how flimsy your excuse for medical marijuana is , go for it if you can . 
  but this is n't a question of legality . 
  this is about op 's own personal issues . 
  if he 's saying he feels like his smoking is getting in the way of functioning properly it probably is . 
  it 's no use coming here and telling him that `` no it 's okay !, 
  you 're * medicating * yourself '' . 
  you ca n't find a loophole and trick yourself like you can trick the legal system . 
  at least they added radio stations while you wait . 
  i know it sounds like a stupid thing to even mention but it makes a huge difference at least to me . 
  i think that 's because you 're trying to play a mission after playing a mission ( using the grid menu thing ) . 
  i 'm not saying this is the perfect way to tackle the issue , but it seems r * has designed the game so that you 're not technically `` on '' any server while you 're in between jobs . 
  this is so that servers would n't get filled with people who actually are n't in the world , and the 16 people limit means 16 people . 
  it 's also to cut down on automated traffic ( if the game autoconnected you every time after a mission ) . 
  that 's why when you select `` all from current session '' , no invites are sent . 
  except if you just came from a game , and then it 'll send 15 invites . 
  to be honest i think it 's a more difficult problem than most people give them credit by just shouting `` fix it !!!! '' . 
  i do n't think it 's about technical skill or the matchmaking being `` broken '' . 
  they could probably do it in any other way as well . 
  this is simply the way they figured would lead to the best overall result . 
  i 'm not sure i agree but i see what they were thinking . 
  pro tip : try adding more people you enjoy playing with to your friends list , or inviting people manually ( one by one ) from the recently met players list . 
  it is a generalization , and of course no generalization ever has been 100 % correct . 
  i ca n't claim to have spoken with everyone who 's ever tried marijuana but i have been pretty `` active '' in the scene for the last decade or so . 
  i can honestly say i do n't have a single friend who does n't smoke at least semi-regularly .
