  if i lose i got outplayed , if i win it 's because i was the better player . 
  when i play against bots every time they hit me it feels like fucking bullshit and like they 're playing with different rules ( which they naturally are ) . 
  every time i hit an ai myself i get no satisfaction because it 's a dumb bot . 
  what is short sighted about recognizing that and choosing to play only pvp ? 
  should 've gotten the first one . 
  second is a shitty cash grab made by an entirely different team while the team that made dks and demon 's souls was busy making bloodborne . 
  i can see it, 
  it 's * ok * but it 's not on par with the rest of the series and sounds like this is op 's first souls game so it 's definitely the worst one to pick . 
  maybe you should n't apply to a private school that forbids any sexual activity in the first place ? 
  not exactly surprising a school with a rule like that does n't follow common sense in the rest of their decision making . 
  people are typically 18 years old before they go to a university . 
  it 's entirely possible to go to college without parent 's paying for it . 
  it 's more difficult for sure but turning down an offer from your parents is a choice as is accepting it and both have their consequences . 
  simply offering to pay for any college is beyond what a parent is required to do and as such accepting said offer is n't something you `` must '' do . 
  yeah i remember the same `` ladder anxiety '' etc. 
  posts with starcraft back in the day . 
  never experienced the feeling . 
  i love playing the game and i do n't get my feelings hurt if i get some flaming idiot in my team . 
  the trick is to not play bot games, 
  i used to play a lot of phoenix before but it kinda fell off from my played heroes for no particular reason . 
  after the shanghai major i 've been rocking the max sunray build and it 's filthy how effective it is . 
  i go 1-1-4 then max spirits and leave dive at the value point while leveling stats . 
   have the mana to cast it , birds , and ult, 
  you do n't need to cast all three . 
  the birds are pretty shit compared to the ray . 
  a sunray into egg is much better than birds into egg if you have to choose 2 . 
  which it was . 
  namco bandai advertised it as a full sequel and even originally claimed it was made by the same director and team . 
  there was no `` artistic '' reason to make dks2 other than the fact that dks1 happened to sell very well in the west and outdid all their expectations . 
  bloodborne is the sequel to dks the creators of the series wanted to make , dks2 is an outsourced cash grab by the publishing company . 
  it feels op even when you 're the one playing phoenix and not getting killed by it . 
  well , spiritual successor just like dark souls is the spiritual successor to demon 's souls even though it does n't have any of the same characters . 
  dks2 has no reason to exist other than the greed of bandai namco and it shows everywhere that it 's basically big budget fan fiction . 
  the part about the puck turning 90 degrees to fit that hole is luck but him deflecting the puck towards the middle of the goalie 's pads is n't . 
  it 's a very common play in hockey . 
   there is no reason to make any game except to make money . 
  yes there is . 
  there 's no reason to publish any game except to make money but most game developers themselves are in it because they love their work . 
  game devs are n't paid well nor do they commonly get any profits from the sales . 
  you 're confusing publishers and developers . 
   please provide an original japanese source for this statement , so i can explain to you how much the translation was fucked up . 
  what statement ? 
  it 's the next game made by the same team as demon 's souls and dark souls 1 while dks2 is made by a different team . 
  what statement do you need when you can just look at the credits of each game ? 
  and accessibility was never the thing that made the series popular . 
  of course if you 're going to do a cash grab you 're going to dumb it down to get as much mass appeal as possible . 
  [ yes it is ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jqhpqwh.jpg ) . 
  they have a few of the same programmers doing grunt work but all the big decision makers including the director , producer , lead game designer , lead graphics designer , lead programmer , map designer etc. 
  are all different . 
  it 's not any sort of a conspiracy theory , from software has always had a b team they 've used for their other titles in the past . 
  i 'm also a pc gamer . 
  i 've booted up my ps4 two times in the past 6 months and the more recent of them was because i was reinstalling windows and had nothing else to do . 
  the other one was bloodborne which i still have n't been able to finish because the terrible frame rate ruins my enjoyment of the otherwise amazing game . 
  really getting my value out of that 12 month psn subscription . 
  not holding your hand is very much the thing that made souls games popular in the first place . 
  / d2g / in a nutshell, 
  i 'm no expert but i 'd feel much safer with smoke detectors that have their own independent power source like a battery rather than being effectively plugged into the wall . 
  i could n't finish a lenghty game that i did not enjoy playing . 
  what 's `` tool '' about that ? 
  i guess most the people who upvoted this have n't because this looks like every ramen soup available anywhere that serves ramen . 
  it does n't look bad by any means but just really average . 
   do you guys have any recommendations to try next time i 'm around the neighbourhood ? 
  salmiac ice cream and salmiac chocolate taste like shit no exceptions . 
  do n't believe anyone who tells you otherwise as they 're probably shills for finnish candy industry . 
  here is a [ classic trio ] ( http://www.fazer.fi/globalassets/global/fazer-fi/tuotteet/makeiset/pastillit/pastilit_860x390.jpg ) you ca n't go wrong with . 
  also [ these ] ( http://blogimg.goo.ne.jp/user_image/11/10/028b4b08afb29cb3acdab18809cd0d71.jpg ) , [ these ] ( http://www.finntrade.com/v/vspfiles/photos/50435a-2.jpg ) and [ these ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/7d/51/9e/7d519e77b77efe37ea4eec3fa3e1b3e4.jpg ) though the last ones are swedish and more salty than the rest as swedish salmiac tends to be . 
  you can mute vr, 
  the second display does n't `` go out '' . 
  i just tried turning it on without touching the pc and the computer was n't asleep and the 2nd monitor was connected and it even had a window on it . 
  when i turned on the primary monitor that 's when the window jumped there . 
  i actually discovered i can just turn off and on the main display and that 's enough for all the windows to pop there even though my second screen stays connected . 
  you 're right it 's probably got something to do with the video card but it 's a modern card . 
  yeah i did n't either before i reinstalled windows 2 days ago . 
  i did install the latest nvidia drivers too . 
  why is this a gif ? 
  yeah and i did n't bother watching this past the first 10 seconds when i realized it was 2 minutes long, 
  if you watch a foreign movie with subtitles do you just mute it `` since it wo n't help you anyway '' ? 
  are you implying dialogue wo n't benefit from audio even if you need subtitles to understand it ? 
  did you even see what the gif was about ? 
  it does n't seem like the kind of thing that would not include emotion . 
  the intro was the best part, 
  ok . why is this in / r/gif ? 
   having a facebook account, 
  nice try, 
  same except after the first 30 seconds of searching . 
  well from watching the video for 30 seconds i can tell you that like most if not all twitch female streamers who do `` drunk streams '' she 's probably totally sober but acting drunk is good for business . 
  as is creating controversy . 
   $ 3/can for 10 % abv ? 
  i 'm terrified beyond the capacity for rational thought . 
  that 's not that cheap though . 
  $ 1.50 a can for regular 5 % beer seems like a very normal price anywhere in the western world and even pretty expensive if you compare it to countries like germany or southern/eastern europe in general . 
  i think he 's implying the opposite . 
  also fork in the right hand like a savage, 
  i know but i live in the most expensive country in europe ( beer-wise ) and still i can go to any supermarket or corner store and buy beer for that price so it must be really expensive in canada if that 's really a good deal . 
  that sounds even crazier . 
  that 's something you do for little children not old enough to be trusted with a knife and no one else . 
  i think 9 shows a year does n't sound that much . 
  i assume fox does n't have new episodes ( not reruns ) on 24/7 but still something like 18 hours a day 7 days a week . 
  that 's a lot of time slots for a lot of shows . 
  you did n't miss out on much .
