  almost just as healthy as oranges . 
  if it is 100 % natural orange juice and not just flavors and concentrate, 
  ridiculous ? 
  you think it 's ridiculous to say that it is possible for most kids to get money from their parents without the parents knowing how every single cent was actually spent ? 
  you , sir , are ridiculous, 
  fibre is not the only healthy part of oranges , not by a long shot, 
  you are underestimating children 's ability to lie, 
  i believe that you 're educated , intelligent and alright but damn your childhood sounds crappy, 
  `` commercials lie '' and `` everything that 's advertised is bad for you '' are two entirely different things, 
  you redditors are a bunch of pussies . 
  let a man troll, 
  you 're right , that probably falls more under the practical joke category, 
  let me refer to my previous statement, 
   you redditors are a bunch of pussies . 
  and my axe !, 
  classic case of [ `` you 're doing it wrong '' ] ( http://media.sanluisobispo.com/smedia/2011/04/06/12/a1poly19out.standalone.prod_affiliate.76.jpg ), 
  also known across the internet as marry queen, 
  the comment or the comic ? 
  because i downvoted both, 
  edit . 
  and you [ ] ( / troll ), 
  since when are autistic people handicapped, 
  thank you, 
  silent hill 2 is probably the only good and scary horror game i 've ever played . 
  except if you count alan wake as horror . 
  the only thing that differentiated dead space from anything was the ability to cut off limbs . 
  which was cool i admit , but it was n't really scary . 
  i 'm not saying dead space is a bad game . 
  it 's an ok shooter and i enjoyed it . 
  it just simply was n't scary or interesting ( storywise ) in any way . 
  you do realize the first 2 links and wikipedia classify it as a neural development disorder rather than a handicap ? 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  love it, 
  sorry for useless comment but i did n't feel a simple upvote expressed my affection, 
  i did n't know either but instead of commenting i googled `` the most interesting man in the world '' and the wikipedia article was the first result, 
  i commented back when this had 1up 6down and truly appreciated that someone else out there was n't just bawww ` ing, 
  you look like a faggot with those facial expressions . 
  not homosexual . 
  yes it is . 
  it has four panels and includes `` some rendition of the classic fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu face in the fourth panel '', 
  i tried to watch the notebook once with a girl . 
  10 minutes in i guessed the ending and she got pissed and left . 
  have n't seen her since . 
  i downvoted everything you 've ever posted for the stupidity of this post, 
  it 's a she, 
   you should be more tolorant of things like baby killing , this is the 21st century you know . 
  you 're living in the past . 
  what the fuck did i just read, 
  i watch 95 % of my porn on mute, 
  i cum without making a noise every day , maybe like an exhale/sigh but not aww yeah baby your pussy 's so tight oh oh that feels so good, 
  if only it had the glasses, 
  there is an option about it in the preferences . 
  too lazy to check it out but i 'm certain it is there, 
  before anyone asks : marry queen, 
  i want to fuck your wife, 
  but i did log in with all my novelty accounts and downvoted the hell out of this, 
  yeah it looks cute , 
  before anyone complains about how bad it is for ears etc , it was for his own protection . 
  he had a bad habit of sneaking up under tables or chairs and after he accidentally got kicked/walked into we decided to put a bell around his neck until he was big enough . 
  which did n't take long, 
  i actually managed to do the same but with cigarettes when i was 17 ( finnish id ), 
  the funny part is that my birthday is 21st of dec so the placement of the numbers did n't help but i had to convince the cashier that in nordic countries the years starts in may and that i was actually 18 . 
  i do n't know if he believed me or just respected the amount of effort i put in but he did make me swear i was n't lying, 
  do you only read the first two digits at first , find the month , read the second two and then locate the day ? 
  i do n't know if it 's just me but i read the entire date before looking at my calendar, 
  or just ignore funnyjunk , do n't go to their site and enjoy reddit 's quality comics [ ] ( / ewbte ), 
  having to read shit like this bothers me a lot more than possibly losing some karma to fj, 
  so you 're angry that reddit has taught you well ? 
  wtf, 
  even you figured out to use a troll face for her , so how come you do n't get it ? 
  i do n't give a fuck [ ] ( / bepislaughingatyou ), 
  downvoted for not having a link straight to the image, 
  and for including hair to your rage faces . 
  do you think everone else here is bald ? 
  you have to call your mom as you arrive every time you go out ? 
  why would someone have the e-mail notifications on for every single like ? 
  stolen 4chan content without all the annoying bullshit is probably the number one reason i browse reddit, 
  problem ? 
  suck it up and stop acting like a bitch, 
  for the last ~ 2 hours i browsed to # 300 on f712u downvoting every `` fj war '' comment just to refresh and find this on the front page , posted 1 hour ago . 
  i love you reddit, 
  i stopped listening to asot when i found the tatw podcast . 
  too bad because it 's often better , just too much trouble, 
  overrated music is overrated, 
  i know , too bad i do n't have an account on tt ( got pruned while i was abroad ), 
  daily repost is a daily repost, 
  haters gon na hate and i 'm gon na keep on fapping, 
  we are men . 
  we do n't need our own subreddit , we rule them all . 
  if you 're going to import a video to layers it means you do n't have the file open yet . 
  so it 's not much of a hassle to reopen to program in 32-bit mode, 
  e. not saying it 's an excuse for shitty programming but still , takes less time than submitting this screenshot, 
  thanks op for letting me and thousands if not millions of others redditors know you can pirate terraria and still play it online, 
  i think it looks preatty cool . 
  interested about the 4 player co-op he mentions in the video . 
  i wish there 's some sort of split-screen ( even with 2 ), 
  the only thing you did wrong is not firing her earlier, 
  in finland we call that `` a tiger '' or `` tiikeri '', 
  now you know, 
  os x is simply a better operating system than windows or linux .
