  it 's sad how many people do n't know this . 
  especially here in scandinavia there are tons of consumer protection laws and a lot of contracts try some bullshit that would n't actually fly in court . 
  and they know it so they 'll refund you as soon as you mention authorities . 
  stupid people just take it and get fucked over . 
  `` but the contract said so '' who cares ? 
  it never hurts to at least ask your representative or whatever he 's called , most of the time these laws are extremely `` common sense '' . 
  what is there to hate about the potion cooldown ? 
  of course there has to be a potion cooldown , otherwise you could drink them all the time and thereby anything that does n't one-shot you ca n't kill you . 
  it already ruined skyrim , i 'm glad blizzard did n't make the same mistake . 
  the thing is though , melee characters take a shit ton of durability damage even without dying . 
  i do n't zerg , if i ca n't play a level without dying all the time i switch to an earlier act . 
  i still have to repair my stuff constantly . 
  well some people say modern games are easier than old games because you have checkpoints and unlimited lives . 
  yeah it might be true that it took longer to finish games since they forced you to replay earlier levels again and again and if playtime is how you measure difficulty then yes it was more difficult , but it was n't more enjoyable . 
  it was n't the good kind of difficulty . 
  i do n't understand how anyone sees that as better than the d3 system . 
  i do n't think town portals should be used to save your ass . 
  the current system that forces you to get away from combat or at least find a place to hide first is way better . 
  probably the best single change in d3, 
  eh , you can start walking away as soon as you start the conversation or shop with the merchant while he 's talking and he 'll still heal you . 
  you do n't have to wait a single fraction of a second after clicking that button so i do n't see how it can be slower than anything . 
  yeah you walk to him , click `` blessing '' , walk away and he heals you once you reach that distance where people stop talking ( it 's before reaching tp or wp ) . 
  or you just press space once if for some reason you 're in a hurry , though you ca n't be in a hurry since mobs do n't come where the healer is in any act so the entire complaint is pointless . 
  is this shopped or did she get new boobs ? 
  still hot though . 
  they only follow you to the intersection where that potion guy hangs out at , they do n't come to where the healer is . 
  also you can directly click the `` blessing '' without separately starting a conversation and i would had told you how had you not started to insult me all of a sudden, 
  where i 'm from ( finland ) universities do n't give a shit about your high school classes as long as you graduated . 
  if you had high grades in certain subjects ( depends what you want to study ) you can get some extra points for the exam to get in but that 's it . 
  you can apply solely on the test if you choose to and they wo n't even look at your high school grades . 
  i guess because high school and university are two completely different worlds . 
  ( though american high school is more like our middle school , i was an exchange student ) . 
  eh , united states also has a population of 311 million while finland is just over 5 million, 
  i have n't played dark souls but respawning enemies sounds terrible, 
  you do n't think there 's competition in finland ? 
  not only do we have pretty good schools for a country our size but ** they 're also free ** . 
  even for foreigners . 
  there 's tons of competition and only a small percentage of people applying actually get in . 
  in the states it 's difficult to get into a top school for sure but as long as you have the tuition money you can get in some college . 
  it 's not like that here . 
  i just got my acceptance letter to uni . 
  helsinki today so i 'm glad to learn it 's in the top 100 :p, 
  i have never ever created a game and spawned next to a mob . 
  i did n't even know it was possible . 
  i think you 're exaggerating a problem that is n't really that big a deal . 
  even if you did spawn next to an elite you could still probably run back to the nearest cave or whatever and just teleport from there . 
  monsters ca n't use doors . 
  i agree they are n't as competetive against each other , but the competition among students to get in is still just as high, 
  you ca n't compare diablo and dark souls . 
  the other is a story based role playing game and the other 's a dungeon crawler . 
  that 's like comparing flashpoint and gears of war . 
  they 're both shooters . 
  last game that was like this was minecraft . 
  i still view / r/minecraft every day though it 's probably been more than a year since i played . 
  lol noob win + d or cmb + h if on a mac, 
  better without that one face http://gifwall.net/gif/gw-rock.gif, 
  yeah i have n't seen any of those either . 
  i 've tried a couple times alone but it 's just not the same . 
  do n't link directly from 4chan http://i.minus.com/i9smea4zgvrhq.gif, 
  shiiit i do n't know what went wrong , fixed, 
   21342433431th post about the same thing . 
  i will still obviously upvote you, 
  why ? 
  i think it 's extremely reasonable to downvote this shit , especially since blizzard has said this 'll be fixed in 1.0.3, 
  yup . 
  i usually get back to the real game around 46-47 minutes . 
  the creation center extra costs are just absurd, 
  me too . 
  colombia is the shit . 
  they 're good on offense and defense . 
  \\  what seasoning packets do authentic mexicans use, 
  \\  seasoning packets, 
  sheltering suburban mom has become anything anyone 's mother once said, 
  if you want the tastiest variety you do not use a seasoning packet . 
  authentic mexican food does n't include seasoning packets , just like any authentic food . 
  use real spices and herbs , you 'll notice the difference , and it 's nice to learn to use different spices so you can come up with your own perfected mixtures and ratios . 
  probably the first kinect-related thing i 've upvoted if you do n't count the third party software that came out shortly after the release . 
  sam turret is fine because you can quickly destroy those . 
  but do n't copy mw 's emp because that shit fucking sucks . 
  blackbird was so op . 
  i always used it of course but that shit was out of balance . 
  ikea does the same with their food . 
  it 's just to draw people in . 
  and once you 're in an ikea you are fucked . 
  wine glasses for only 25 cents ? 
  would n't hurt to have some . 
  and 3 oven mitts for 1 euro ? 
  that 'll be useful ... and your total is 300 $ cash or credit ? 
  i did not read all of your post but fountain drinks are definitely not the same as canned drinks . 
  i do n't know why you 're downvoted . 
  afaik australia does n't have it 's own `` region '' . 
  i do n't live in australia but i order all my games from overseas because it 's cheaper . 
  no sympathy for australian gamers from me . 
  depends on what i 'm eating . 
  i personally do n't eat tacos ( i prefer burritos ) but you ca n't go wrong with chili powder , paprika , cumin , some chili peppers , maybe a little garlic . 
  i have a huge spice rack so i just pour shit in and if it tastes good i try to remember next time , do n't really have one default mix that i use . 
  loose snus can be a bit messy but pouches ? 
  you slip it in , can barely notice it , you spit it out . 
  i 've had girlfriends who did n't like snus when i met them but all of them learnt pretty quickly it 's not as `` disgusting '' as they tell you in health class . 
  when i add my virtual pro to colombia it becomes a fucking beast because not only is a very good team it has 3 excellent substitutes .
