  alone time is part of a healthy relationship and your partner should realize that . 
  lol vegas . 
  get the fuck out filthy casuals , we do n't even talk about those . 
  gamepad is no excuse to be that shitty . 
  seeing as how you 're silver i can probably out-aim you on a gamepad . 
  it 's a hindrance , but not that big once you get used to it . 
  no , i do n't . 
  i use a silencer . 
  do n't see what that has to do with r6 vegas being a disgrace to a great series though . 
  i actually `` completed '' snake myself on my old phone as a kid . 
  meaning i got the snake so long there was n't a single empty pixel on the screen . 
  it 's a combination of http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grammatical_case and the vast use of http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compound_%28linguistics%29, 
  for example the word `` car '' . 
  in english you 'd say :, 
  a car, 
  from a car, 
  in a car, 
  in finnish it 's :, 
  auto, 
  this makes almost every word seem a bit longer , but what really makes finnish words seem long is how many compound words we use . 
  just a few examples from that article :, 
  silm\u00e4pareja = pairs of eyes, 
  keskiviikkoaamu = wednesday morning, 
  and that 's just the first paragraph . 
  notice how most of the english translations actually have more letters than its finnish counterpart , but the lack of spaces in between makes it seem like the finnish words are very long . 
  no , it 's fucking terrible . 
  they took the best franchise pc gaming has ever seen and made it into a casual gears of war clone because that shit was popular at the time . 
  if it was just another ip i 'd say it 's `` mediocre '' but the fact that we had to give up rainbow six for this makes it an atrocity . 
  i actually played through the campaign and while of course i was a bit biased being a fan of the series it was n't fun . 
  all i could think about was all the features they took out . 
  no more planning , no more switching between characters , no multiple teams , you ca n't die etc. 
  it 's an extremely mediocre shooter , named after one of the greatest shooters of all time . 
  do n't you know statistics are racism ? 
  yeah because they 're totally going to be recognizable from this video when they 're adults, 
  but that 's the point . 
  clearing an area ** is ** part of the boss fight . 
  you have to be good enough to kill the `` minions '' and then the boss with one supply of estus flasks ( health potions ) . 
  there 's a reason the bonfires are n't placed right next to the boss fights and there are n't checkpoints , it 's not just to make you `` annoyed '' . 
  and i do n't see how that `` is n't hard , just annoying '' . 
  it is a completely legit way of upping the difficulty , not a cheap gimmick to make the game longer . 
  well maybe you should just play another game then . 
  there are plenty of people like me who prefer this game mechanic and that 's the reason it 's such a popular game with great reviews across the board . 
  also i ca n't think of any bossfights that would add a shortcut . 
  it does n't , but you blame the game for your personal preferences . 
  not a lot of info is out on nhl 15 yet but based on the previous games that 's highly unlikely , especially on a year like this ( jump to next-gen , new engine etc. ) . 
  things like historic teams are stuff they add when they are short on ideas for gameplay updates . 
  but dks2 hardly has anything to do with dks1 except the name . 
  if anything this game is the spiritual successor to dks1 . 
  yeah because the way you said it was like it was bad game design . 
  a flaw . 
  where as really it 's conscious decision to make it that way . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong in not liking it , i 'm saying you 're wrong in blaming the game and calling it `` extremely annoying '' and `` this is n't hard . 
  this is just annoying and nothing more '' . 
  like i said before , it 's a completely legit way of making a game more difficult , not a cheap gimmick to make the game last longer . 
  a nice blast of nostalgia from the 90s . 
  when you could n't download a bluray rip of a movie in the time it took you to make a sandwich . 
  well if you 're agreeing to spend the rest of your life ( theoretically ) together i do n't really see how relevant the current attire at the moment of proposal is . 
  there 's chances you 're going to ( and have ) seen the guy in a much less appealing appearance . 
  it 's not like you 're asking somebody out to a dance . 
  there is no planning , i 'm 100 % sure . 
  you ca n't die did n't mean you ca n't get shot . 
  in previous rainbow six games you could literally die , and the game would n't be over . 
  you 'd just switch to the next member of your team . 
  but having your team members die would be bad because they would learn skills etc. 
  over the game and once they died they 'd be gone for good for the rest of the campaign . 
  you 'd get some more recruits if all your staff died but their stats sucked compared to guys like chavez . 
  in vegas chavez dies and it 's game over restart . 
  every day . 
  welcome to reddit . 
   you 'd be hella bummed if they forgot yours . 
  how can you make such assumptions ? 
  i could n't care less if someone forgot my birthday . 
  congratulations for things i actually achieved like graduating college , getting a new job , that kind of stuff i can appreciate . 
  congratulations on being alive for 25 years ? 
  who cares . 
  that 's not planning , that 's done on the fly . 
  in previous rainbow six games there 'd be a planning phase before the missions where you 'd look at a map/a blueprint and plan each team 's routes ( because there were multiple ways of completing a mission ) as well as certain points where they 'd wait for a call . 
  the enemies spawned in different locations each time as well giving it huge replay value . 
  vegas is just a rail shooter with identical enemy spawns each time , one team and one route through a mission . 
  i 've completed the game multiple times without any `` cheap tricks '' so i would n't say `` have to '' . 
  why are you apologizing ? 
  all i said was a gamepad is worse than a mouse , not an excuse to play like a complete retard . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  truthfully though even a silver would play much better than the guy in the video . 
  all i 'm saying is while a mouse is superior , the difference between the same guy on a mouse and on a gamepad is smaller than for example a player in silver and an ak rank . 
  owning a bong is n't illegal even in places where weed is . 
  that 's why you can just walk into a headshop and buy one . 
  they 're having the same server issues at least . 
  the week leading up to gwg i started a new character and in that week i got over a hundred sunlight medals + 50ish invades , so relatively active online play . 
  spent more time as a phantom than in my own world . 
  after gwg release i ca n't get a single summon or an invade . 
  serious business, 
  just because you call your stupid opinions `` political views '' does n't make you safe from being called a piece of shit . 
  if i say niggers are dirty and stupid i 'm a piece of shit , even if i call it a political view . 
  racism has about as much to do with politics as gay rights . 
  practice and good genes ? 
  what did you expect, 
  haha no it is n't . 
  it 's like an optical illusion and looks like the wrong hand belongs to the wrong wrist . 
  at first i thought that too but if you look closely you can see they 're just fine .
