  he 's saying that someone who has n't played the game would n't read the name `` johnny '' on a post about gta5 and immediately assume it 's johnny from gta4 as johnny is a very common name . 
  and if the do know johnny is in gta5 they probably know about his death as his appearance is really , really short . 
  it 's still only a brief cameo . 
  it 's fanservice . 
  they could 've called him jimmy and it would n't affect the plot in any way . 
  they just decided to call him johnny because people like that sort of thing and his part was so tiny it did n't really make any difference what they called him . 
  well i was n't saying nobody 's gon na buy it . 
  i was saying there are lots of people unhappy with how ea 's handling who are n't gon na buy it . 
  i have n't bought a call of duty game in many years either . 
  i hate anime so fucking much i do n't understand it myself . 
  i did n't say it matters why he 's there . 
  i said it 's not a spoiler because it does n't have any effect on the plot . 
  you could say trevor steps out of a car in the story of gta5 . 
  that happens , in fact it happens multiple times . 
  is that a spoiler ? 
  less i know about anything i 'll encounter while exploring , the better . 
  in fact i might just go into information lockdown when the pu is getting closer . 
  hearing some guy talk about an alien he saw on teamspeak or something is fine because that 's like those classic scenes of a pilot telling stories at a dirty space station bar , but reading a full report with screenshots on reddit kinda kills the excitement . 
   we do n't need them wasting time on a balance pass now, 
  yeah i agree with this . 
  weapon balance is incredibly important but it 's something that is affected by all the other changes to the engine/gameplay and we 're a long way away from a final product . 
  an alpha does n't need to be balanced . 
  balance the game when the other gameplay aspects are getting near final . 
  i had n't seen that leaderboard pic . 
  that 's pretty disgusting to be honest . 
  well , no , but sc is planning something similiar so it is kinda relevant . 
  because it 's not . 
  have you played the series ? 
  when has a protagonist from a past game ever come back to the series ? 
  never . 
  we 're not expecting to see them again once that game gets a sequel . 
  their part in the story is done , except for brief cameo encounters where they could be totally interchangable but rockstar likes to service its fans so they can say `` hey that 's the guy from ______ '' like claude in sa or johnny in 5 . 
  again , johnny could have been called jimmy and it 'd have ** zero ** difference in the story of gta5 . 
  they only called him johnny because people like you seem to think it 's a big deal and get excited because they recognize that name . 
  his part in the story is so ridiculously small it does n't even make a difference that you `` know his personality '' . 
  i 'm not saying this is bad work from rockstar because it 's clear they do n't want to bring back characters but make a new game each time and i understand why they do this fan service because it 's good for business but if you really think johnny being johnny and not `` npc # 2 '' made any difference in the story you must a a little thick in the head . 
  i have no clue what you 're trying to say, 
  are you saying that if cgi did n't want to waste development time balancing a pre-alpha vr minigame they should n't have released anything ? 
  if you are then i disagree witht that statement . 
   why it 's in there does n't matter, 
  but it does :\\ ^ ) a lot in fact . 
  if i wanted to nitpick i 'd point out i was never talking about the `` why '' as a reason it 's not a spoiler but you do n't seem like the type of person to have a fruitful discussion with . 
  to be fair , people do just die randomly in the middle of the night in real life too . 
   you 're not allowed to buy the golden casks, 
  did you mean that you ca n't buy a gold figurine ? 
  because you can buy the cask http://steamcommunity.com/market/listings/570/genuine%20golden%20trove%20cask, 
  me too . 
  it 's called jeans and a t-shirt . 
  i expected the car to explode when running over a curb or something , not because it fell over 30 feet into pavement . 
  most people i know have n't had a numpad in years . 
   would you prefer to not have this feature and fail missions/heists twice as often, 
  yes . 
  \\  russian pavel kashin , died last year after performing the very same backflip on a 16-storey building . 
  \\  the very same backflip, 
  i think he twisted his ankle, 
  i know . 
  i just laughed at the expression `` the very same backflip '' . 
  yeah i do n't know if it hurt or not but that was clearly acted and the cameraman was way too prepared to follow him to the toilet . 
  yeah and i 've never been on a road trip that did n't include copious amounts of alcohol for everyone except the driver . 
   as someone who has been a `` heavy '' marijuana user at points throughout my life , i really think it has affected my memory . 
  i do n't know about permanent changes but when i used to smoke all day every day i often had problems distinguishing dreams and real memories . 
  rarely big things but more just chores and the like that i was sure i did or thinking i had received letters/email that did n't actually exist . 
  a few times i thought i had had a discussion with someone that never really happened . 
  i 'd also dream about having more money/food/weed than i really did which i guess is totally normal but i could wake up and keep thinking that was the case for an entire day before i actually checked my bank account/stash/fridge . 
  this does n't happen to me anymore as i have n't smoked in a few months . 
  it did n't happen when i smoked less frequently either . 
  people like this is why gtao has always been shit . 
  only the loser says `` gg '' in starcraft . 
  my autism radar is tingling, 
  they changed that rule after the game . 
  now any number of p 's is accepted . 
  not only bad mannered but a lot of people consider quitting without a `` gg '' the equivalent of a ragequit . 
   just, 
  i 'm sure his employees still enjoy their salaries even if it did get him good pr, 
  it 's the overexposed lighting in the gif that 's fooling you . 
  they still look big in the video . 
  i thought the same thing when i saw the gif , a dillor harper lookalike with smaller tits . 
  if you land on your engine it 's very likely to explode . 
  i do n't know about realism but it 's always been this way in gta5 . 
  gtao upgrades probably do change things . 
  moving out at 18 does n't mean your parents do n't care about you . 
  everyone i know moved out 18-21 yo and none of them were `` kicked out '' . 
  moving out is seen as the biggest single part of becoming an adult and something every kid is looking forward to . 
  to be honest i do n't understand how someone can tolerate living with their parents until 30 and i have a good relationship with mine . 
  well pretty much every baby starts their life living in the same house as their parents . 
  thus `` still '' . 
  i think people having an issue with the word `` still '' have their own prejudices or defense mechanisms they 're dealing with . 
  no it does n't . 
  you 're the one thinking it 's a negative word . 
  dictionary defines `` still '' as :, 
   at this or that time ; as previously :, 
  almost all children start out life living in the same house as their parents . 
  that 's why it 's totally fair to say you 're `` still '' living with your parents if you 've never moved out . 
  you 're living with your parents as was the case when you were younger . 
  getting offended by the word `` still '' only tells me that you have your prejudices or self-esteem issues you 're trying to cover up . 
   because it 's implied that `` still staying with their parents '' is somehow a problem , or indicative of a problem . 
  the post has the words `` share of young adults living with their parents ( 2013 ) '' and a list of country names and percentages . 
  nothing in the post implies a problem . 
  it 's only you who 's implying there 's a problem . 
   self centered commercial capitalist bullshit .
