  not complaining , but i 've seen some fake asses . 
  looking at her instagram videos it 's pretty clear that ass is n't just a result of a lot of squats . 
  this describes the jeopardy audience . 
  do you often lose your temper and punch holes in the walls ? 
  never happened to me and i 'd be kinda embarassed to admit it if it did . 
  you do n't check a corner you assume your teammate checked . 
  the first guy was not thorough in checking that one corner ( though to be fair he assumed the enemy to be futher away ) but after that every other ct player is n't expected to check the same corners that are already supposed to be checked . 
  that only slows you down and hurts your crosshair placement . 
   i do n't get why that public is so impressed . 
  i would n't even have thought it needed serious debunking . 
  you know how american game shows and talk shows have huge `` applause '' signs for the audience ? 
  japanese game shows have similiar signs but the `` ooooh '' gasping is a much more common reaction to anything than it is over here . 
  b-but my master is n't interested in petty material goods , that 's why i send him only 19.99 each month for his wisdom . 
  you think months is a long time when it comes to legislature ? 
  yeah i 'm born on 21th of dec and i remember in k-12 it varied year by year ( with the weekend ) whether my birthday would be the last day of school or already winter break . 
  wtf is hif ? 
  yeah but the toppings are very common here which is kinda the point, 
  this is a pretty movie-like picture http://i.imgur.com/x6pisny.png, 
   op is saying that we should remove the extremely specific humour and replace it with more generalized stuff so that everyone can enjoy contagious laughter , not just the people who play a specific game . 
  yeah but the problem is that content just is n't there . 
  do you think it would magically appear if people stopped posting gaming stuff ? 
  i 'd rather have funny gaming videos with contagious laughter than no ( quality ) content at all . 
  seems like 50/50 to me . 
  like a lot of people already said in this thread , most people do n't generally record everyday conversations or their spontaneous reactions to stuff . 
  gamers do . 
  new graphics cards have a feature that 's constantly recording you `` on the background '' in case something interesting happens and you want to make a video of it . 
  video game streaming is also huge nowadays . 
  it 's not that people think video game reactions are more funny , it 's just a natural source for these videos because it 's an environment where people were already creating material suitable for this sub without even knowing about the sub . 
  yes it is . 
  if it 's that thick smoke that 's never been properly inhaled ( like we see in the pic ) then yes it does burn like a bitch . 
  this is pure speculation but i know there are some retirement communities in florida that have their service fully in finnish . 
  it 's always been a `` stereotypical '' place for finns to retire ( though for wealthy only ) . 
  i 'm sure many of them come to see the games . 
  you should . 
  never take acid if you 're supposed to be sleeping in the next 12 hours . 
  most people i know/talk about sc2 with hate the skins . 
  it does n't fit the style of starcraft . 
  even all the wcs qualified tournaments have to have them turned off ( right decision imo ) . 
  same audio but without the estonian subs . 
   `` it 's so sad they 're brought up in a world where everything is a touch screen ! '', 
  i 'm having a hard time believing this phrase has ever been said anywhere . 
  but ikea furniture takes like 5-10 minutes to assemble . 
  you think people are fat simply because they have n't yet realized that they are fat ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
  voicemail is still a thing ? 
  last person i know to have used one was my grandma and she died in like 2006 . 
  but this is funny to people who do n't live in mexico or are n't interested in local mexican news . 
   lately, 
  no wonder you 've only been on this site for 6 months . 
  yeah the poppy seeds on bagels industry is huge compared to global heroin usage . 
  irritating ? 
  i was n't trying to irritate anyone . 
  i was just pointing out / r/wtf has always been shit . 
  if you 're a newcomer you might mistake it for a temporary phenomenon . 
   the premise of the film is killing the north korean leader , and the two lead actors are comedians known for their `` stoner '' films . 
  i 'm not sure what else you think there is to this . 
  why would i need to see the film ? 
  because it sounds great ? 
   ice fishing looks sort of fun . 
  as someone from a country where ice fishing is very popular . 
  it 's just an excuse to get drunk out on the lake ( away from the wife ) . 
  so if you do n't need any other entertainment than beautiful nature and fresh air ( and a bottle of vodka ) it 's great fun . 
  if you actually want to do some fishing or you 're underage it 's rather boring since you just sit there and wait for something to happen . 
  it 's like fishing with a rod except you 're not surprised if you do n't catch a thing the entire time you 're out there . 
  it 's called sport fishing . 
  people fishing just as a hobby and not for food . 
  also someone else now has the chance to catch that monster or its offspring . 
  peter mayhew commenting on a post about chewbacca ? 
  ds1 is a masterpiece . 
  ds2 is fan fiction made by another team to make fans of ds1 pay another $ 60 . 
  did you play blind ? 
  if you did that 's pretty impressive . 
  including dlc my first ( blind ) run took about 100 hrs . 
  bait for a bigger fish . 
  they 're clearly torn apart . 
  i know . 
  that 's why they are torn to pieces . 
  to use them as bait . 
  so you get a value of about $ 10-15 a month for using bing ? 
  i 'd pay $ 10 a month to use google instead of bing . 
  i doubt that one spot is homosexual either . 
  yeah took me about an hour . 
  not just the first time either . 
  having sex when both of you are sore and want to go to sleep sucks big time but you do n't want to stop since you `` got this far '' . 
  giving up at that point is also material for some fun and productive relationship talks . 
  the sign on the background has english on it . 
  maybe he was able to buy the ps2 but later the card was denied when he tried to buy something else , like more games for it or something ? 
  and he left it out because it 's a pretty mundane detail considering the story . 
  without the base the statue of liberty is 46m tall while christ the redeemer is 30m . 
  but if you compare the size of the `` person '' the statue of liberty is only 33m tall ( base to top of crown ) . 
  the last 13 metres is just the outstretched arm . 
  really what makes christ the redeemer look so much bigger is that it 's always pictured with the city of rio de janeiro on the background ** 700 meters lower ** . 
  the statue of liberty is pictured basically on the same level as the city of new york . 
  it 's the phenomenon also known as `` fat-angle '' . 
  `` you do n't think i 'm sexy anymore do you '', 
  it 's not that they 're going to fix it or even look at it . 
  they do it so people ca n't just spam them messages about `` unfunctional product x , please send me a new one '' without ever buying one in the first place . 
  i once bought a bottle of coke that did n't have any carbonation in it . 
  they asked me to mail it in and in 2 weeks i got a letter that they found nothing wrong with it and a gift card for 20 $ for `` caring about the quality of their product '' . 
  i was like 13 and pissed off since i had already left the place where i bought it from so i could n't get a new one .
