  not that i know of , though i have n't played anything but red/blue . 
  no i do n't see how it would, 
  are you sure it was goaltender interference and not kicking the puck or something ? 
  i 'm not saying they did either , just what the referee was claiming happened . 
  i know the commentators talk about goalie interference but commentators rarely have a clue what 's going on . 
  what ? 
  also i 've heard that it 's possible to do things without informing your parents . 
  yeah they do . 
  from the link :, 
   near the sinai peninsula , a ship captain had stopped his boat so several passengers could watch dolphins playing . 
  three of the passengers decided to swim with them , and one stayed a little longer than the others . 
  is it just me or does this sound like a really bad idea ? 
  trained animals at sea world is one thing but these are wild carnivores . 
  what does this have to do with programming ? 
   work better under stress . 
  20 hours with chlers ? 
  they nerfed hut so badly for nhl13 you start out with a team half full of nhlers . 
  within 10 games you 'll have a lineup full of nhl player ( not toews , but nhl ) . 
  besides the entire point of hut is building your team . 
  what 's the fun in buying your team even if you have all the money in the world ? 
  that 's like paying someone else to complete the story mode `` because you have the money to do so '' . 
  hut gets very boring ( especially in 13 without career lenghts ) once you get a good team together . 
  and you ca n't relate to any character that is n't 100 % perfect ? 
  the only country in that region ( though technically not scandinavia ) with many deaths is finland which definitely was n't neutral . 
  all the other countries have less than 1000 deaths . 
  is n't it possible her entire ass did n't get imprinted ( or visible after three weeks ) but just the most intensive parts ? 
  it 's not very gross unless you know what jolly ranchers are . 
  well it 's still gross but not internet gross . 
  a lie detector test would make me nervous in itself because i know it 's not accurate . 
  yea i did n't get it either . 
  seemed like just another episode of a shitty tv show . 
  \\  plays mobas, 
  why do you people know this ? 
  do you read the sunday times ? 
  my name is ... this is how far i was able to get before forced to close the video . 
  you say that like it 's an excuse, 
  holy shit the irish lottery must have some big prizes or cheap tickets . 
  i remember we had an assignment in grade school or middle school where we figured how much you 'd lose by buying every single ( finnish ) lottery ticket . 
  iirc you would lose multiple times the jackpot amount . 
  `` scheduled maintenance '', 
  yeah right, 
  so you ca n't call someone a dumbass for risking their own life ? 
  it 's not even for the bank . 
  it 's for an insurance company . 
  some modern phones actually have image stabilizers for videos . 
  it 's a quite noticeable difference . 
  `` who the fuck is you '', 
  she lives in a ghetto, 
  i do n't think you understand how sarcasm works, 
  best srs burn i 've read on reddit, 
  there are things i could say to my friends ( hence the term facebook ** friends ** ) but would n't necessarily want my parents hearing . 
  great public speaker though, 
  where 's that riff from, 
  have multiple different sprays ? 
  i actually just got it for the first time yesterday too . 
  i 've noticed an increasing amount of comments with real names though so it must 've been going on for some time now . 
  agreed . 
  1st and 2nd season were pretty weak . 
  then it got a lot better until it reached it 's peak and been getting worse ever since . 
  all well designed pieces of glass require a screen . 
  even in this pic you can see a little bit that has fallen through and he has n't even started yet . 
  it 's only gon na get worse once he starts pulling air through that thing . 
  i 'd never smoke a bong without a screen . 
  said everyone who 's ever traveled to the us . 
  caffeine in mg 's and fluid in oz 's ? 
  she 's not a ginger nor especially beautiful . 
  you should n't drive at a `` 10 '', 
  why would he start chugging down a bunch of roids after getting mad ? 
  it 's not like they 're pain meds or downers or something . 
  my mom and dad refer to each other as `` mom '' and `` dad '' when talking to us kids . 
  i do n't think i 've ever used their first names , maybe if i 'm trying to get their attention in a crowd but it feels so strange . 
  weed requires tobacco . 
  i know the brits overdo it but adding just a little makes the taste better ( i do n't smoke cigarettes ) and makes it burn better . 
  i 've tried smoking only weed countless times but every time i wish i had mixed some tobacco in . 
  thanks for making this point . 
  i 've seen more posts like op 's about how `` balance does n't affect your play '' than i 've seen actual balance whines . 
  i realize imbalances are n't the reason i lose games on the ladder . 
  that 's not the reason i complain . 
  i complain because they make watching pro games boring and frankly i spend more time watching starcraft than playing it . 
  have you thought that there are other possible reasons to complain about imbalances than one 's own ladder ranking ? 
  i tried to go to the ip ( mc.westeroscraft.com ) but it wo n't let me . 
  how can i explore it ? 
  you sure do a good job sounding like a fat virgin, 
  i 'd watch a documentary about cheese in games . 
  cheese is the best part . 
  i would n't be so sure about the `` playing videogames '' part . 
  i do n't think it 's required to make this documentary . 
  you believe in an online iq test so you ca n't be * that * smart, 
  good point, 
  `` there is no liability for intentionally confining another unless the person physically restrained knows of the confinement or is harmed by it '', 
  so if someone were to barricade my front door and block the windows and i 'd just be sitting inside not trying to leave my house for 5 days and not even notice it to be impossible then they would n't be breaking the law ? 
  post seems to have been deleted . 
  i 'm not going to copy-paste the original but http://www.unedditreddit.com/, 
  why would that make you go apeshit ? 
  this comment is only 6 minutes old so no one 's picked up on it yet but i 've seen this before and it 's a shitstorm waiting to happen . 
  some people have a huge problem accepting this , like it 's an insult to them . 
  who 's `` we '' ? 
  yeah that 's what i thought and why i was wondering this even existed . 
  you must be new to the internet, 
  actually the site has changed since i last visited .
