  and you know what , if shit went down no one would give a crap about international treatys and all that nice talk and everything would come down to power and the threat of power . 
  no leaders is going to start questioning moral right and wrongs if the future of their country is in jeopardy . 
  i always play with columbia . 
  no point playing h2h with a 5 star team . 
  no it does n't , because your country does n't give a shit about you if it 's not beneficial for them . 
  starting a war with a western country because you want my gameboy would not be financially profitable thus you are no threat to me and have no power over me . 
  yeah but i do n't give a shit about my country . 
  i did n't choose which country i was born to ( though luckily i was born in an era where i can choose my place of residence ) . 
  i 'll take any help they want to offer me but expecting me to go to the army and potentially risk my life ( i live in a country with conscription ) just because i popped out my mother 's vagina within these imaginary lines drawn on a map ? 
  no chance . 
  no see your argument fails this point, 
   i 'm bigger, 
  i honestly doubt that . 
  so it 's not a matter of extradictions or whatever because you would never get that far . 
   i can absolutely take anything i want from you , and be morally right as long as i 'm not caught . 
  i never said it was morally right , i said i 'm not conserned by the ethics . 
  but you 're still welcome to come over here and try . 
  if you do succeed i promise i wo n't judge your morals or whatever . 
  i want to try these . 
  does anyone know what to do without access to `` bisquick baking mix '' . 
  what is it basically ? 
  yeah i did n't see the original post but now i kinda want to, 
  i 've read the books when i was a kid ( before the movies came out ) and i have no recollection of the 17 years in between . 
  did anything significant happen ? 
  i think you 're exxagerating . 
  my gloves are similiar to these except a little more defensive ( 200 + dex , 7 % ias , ~ 130 vit , +120 allres ( monk ) +4 crit chance ) and they cost me like 600k, 
  granted that was an excellent deal . 
  well , i do n't know to be honest . 
  it 's probably entirely possible that someone would pay that much for them , i 'm just saying you can get gloves like these for much less than 10 million . 
  then again i do n't know if i shop around looking for deals for a single item longer than an average player so i ca n't tell whether someone would just hand over 10 mil for these or not . 
  apparently my finnish home grown marijuana comes from mexican cartels and i 'm fueling a genocide . 
  already subscribed . 
  well that explains why i wo n't lose weight, 
   also , in the example you stated , you have a lot of single resist compared to all resist , so that is naturally going to skew the results in favor of owe . 
  but as a monk this is bound to happen . 
  it 's a lot cheaper to stack some single resists than all resists . 
  so when you have to include one of them into the 3 search fields . . 
  lot of text that did n't need to be written, 
  i think you 're wrong . 
  sure if your group is composed badly it wo n't help but i play as a monk and have lots of ranged friends and while tanking for them we progress a lot quicker than i would alone due to their dps but also they die a lot less and can more efficiently use their abilities because i 'm there drawing in all the enemies and rescuing my allies with dashing strike . 
   way points are absolutely useless . 
  you ca n't enter a zone unless you 're on the specific quest for it . 
  it makes you feel trapped !, 
   players should be given the option to explore large vast areas without having to meet some quest requirement or be on x quest to get to y area . 
  sometimes , we just wan na blow things up and see some monsters die . . not all of us want to listen to leah talk about how her grandpa is crazy, 
  i do n't really get this complaint . 
  the way i play is i start a new game at the end of act1 ( just after manor/before butcher ) and wp around the entire act killing on average ~ 15 elite packs and then butcher . 
  i do n't go on quests or listen to leah . 
  over 50 % of my messages while playing fifa are `` gg '' so not that surprising . 
  i still disagree . 
  before the patch when not only were the enemies hp 's buffed but their attacks as well i agreed with you . 
  but post patch the enemies have less hp per player than they do in solo yet still do the same amount of dmg . 
  so it is easier to progress together regardless of the composition ( unless your party members are all worse than you ) . 
  well personally i do n't see that as a problem . 
  if you want to just kill the bosses and nothing else fine by me but i do n't feel like it 's a mechanic that is crucial to the game and very much understand why it is n't possible . 
  note that i was commenting on the issue of `` entering areas '' . 
  you can still go to the skeleton king area at whatever point of act1 if you feel like it , even if the boss does require a quest ( which imo is understandable ) . 
  i agree though that we should be able to travel from one act to another without losing nv . 
  you misspelled hot, 
  i got this same account banned about a year ago for calling jagr a pussy . 
  luckily i was given a second chance so i wo n't make the same mistake twice . 
  what a puppy though . 
   i 'm rambling . 
  the point is champ packs suck and boss killing is fun . 
  i do n't know . 
  i have a tankish loh monk with great resistances so fighting anything is pretty much the same . 
  i actually enjoy large packs ( hordes ) the most , boss fight are just standing stationary and holding mouse1 . 
  especially the butcher . 
  i do n't even need to mind the fire . 
  i see your logic , but i still do n't agree that letting you only fight bosses is the only option . 
  they 're more fun because they 're not around every corner . 
  besides with the guaranteed 5 stack rare champ packs drop better loot than bosses these days . 
  well we 'll just have to disagree , because i thought the patch that made long champ rares more profitable than focusing on bosses was great, 
  it 's amazing how full of shit his inventory is given that i dump hundreds of better items to him every day, 
  yeah i always turn the commentary off first thing after buying a new nhl ( or fifa ) game . 
  or i could just press `` play '' on my computer . 
  i 'm kinda surprised you did n't include the nordic countries as `` native white ethnicities '' . 
  first time anyone ever doubted my whiteness . 
  upvoted for effort . 
  you could have turned the graphics up all the way for the pics though ( or maybe it 's just shitty jpeg compression ) . 
  it 's fun to laught at people 's 90 's problems in the year 2012, 
  they do n't . 
  and their conversion is pretty shitty . 
  i recommend in the future you convert ( and compress to under 2mb ) by yourself so imgur wo n't touch your pic . 
   bang til she falls asleep, 
  i 'm kinda worried about your sexual life in general, 
  that 's not too bad, 
  got ta try this . 
  why garlic powder and onion powder though ? 
  i do n't have either , does it taste the same if i just use real garlic and onion ? 
  eh , why ? 
  the first thing i do after picking up a new phone is tear off that annoying plastic . 
  yeah i agree . 
  it 's all about that golden mean . 
  i definitely want some meat in my sandwhich , it just does n't taste right without any . 
   so big that i am stuck to it by gravity , and it 's hurtling around a gigantic ball of hydrogen, 
  not to mention scientists still have no clue what actually causes gravity or balls floating around each other, 
  did you ever really doubt for a second ? 
  butthurt neckbeard virgins downvoting . 
  i 'm all for contraception 'n shit but condoms do ruin sex .
