  like `` bob '' . 
  that 's why you have your skype account in one country , the toll number in another and live in a third one . 
  i do n't play other ccg 's, 
  to be fair i do n't even play this one anymore . 
  i should probably unsubscribe . 
  i have completed it . 
  it 's been a few years but iirc it took one afternoon . 
  how was i assuming ** all ** cops are fat and lazy ? 
  using your mouse for voip really does n't work for counter-strike . 
  you either screw up your aim for 0.3 seconds ( huge in cs ) or wait until you 're done shooting to report in . 
  v is the best key for voip . 
  yea i always switched it around too . 
  shift for crouch just makes much more sense !, 
  ( i know it does n't ), 
  x is fine . 
  i 'm just used to zxc being radio commands but those are 2nd ( or 3rd ) priority buttons . 
  well yes and no . 
  if you 're a total noob then yes , you can do it , i used t for a while in csgo when i had n't played the game in 5 years . 
  if you want to play on any sort of competetive level ( i 'm not talking pro , i mean 5v5 `` friendly '' games etc. ), 
  then you a. need a low sensitivity b. will want to get rid of that half a second delay . 
  it 's not a gamebreaker , but it 's a hindurance . 
  it can be the difference between that first bullet being a headshot or not , or your teammates getting the info a second earlier because you were n't too focused on aiming to talk . 
  what ? 
  i use wasd for walking, 
  you 're probably him as well to be honest . 
  but i 'll humor you . 
  check the page title http://www.taser.com/products/law-enforcement `` law enforcement technology : less lethal weapons & equipment '', 
  you posted a lot of stupid comments to this thread but i got ta agree with you here . 
  it 's not like the police overburdened with equipment ( unless they 're wearing full armor etc. ) . 
  more often it 's a problem with either personal fitness or simply the lack of motivation to give chase . 
  i get it . 
  it 's been a 10 hour shift and an obvious crack head is running from you for the third time . 
  you do n't exactly feel like running through the possibly dangerous projects to go after him . 
  but that 's why we pay them and give the police offers special powers . 
  because they 're not supposed to make the lazy decision and instead worry for the well-being of all people . 
  it 's the job description . 
  i press v with my thumb . 
  haha yea my mousepad is 55cm x 45cm, 
  putting bacon on everything is like seasoning every food with bbq seasoning or sriracha . 
  gets old pretty damn fast . 
  does anyone know what kind of cheddar to buy in europe to get as close to american cheddar as possible ? 
  they taste nothing alike , the closest you can get is buying english cheddar and then pouring salt on it . 
  european cheddar is good , but it does n't work for grilled cheese like it 's american counterpart . 
   will, 
  i see you have n't given up hope . 
   portal 1 was an extended tutorial of a single mechanic, 
  not unlike half-life 2 and the gravity gun, 
  cs 1.6 was what launched steam . 
  you had to get steam to update from 1.5, 
  becuase valve actually said they 'd release a trilogy of episodes . 
  falcon punch !, 
  worst case scenario is jail for a year or two for an assault . 
  beats child support . 
  i do n't like the feeling of fucking a rubber duck . 
  besides there 's condoms for women as well , so the argument that women have an additional choice of terminating the pregnancy is totally valid . 
  a woman can have an abortion without the consent of a man , thus a man should be able to waive all rights to a child during the pregnancy . 
  i dont remember using any other gun during my entire playthrough . 
  back in 2004 it was so awesome you could ignore the gimmickyness . 
  announcing and releasing within a week makes no sense . 
  they 're so close to each other it 's basically the same as just releasing something . 
  the point of early announcements is to get the hype train going and free advertisement . 
  when you space it out the announcement gets publicity , leaks get publicity and then finally the release gets publicity . 
  had they just released the game no one would give a shit about these screen shots . 
  now they 're upvoted to the top of reddit . 
   i do n't understand why it 's necessary for people to get extremely rude and violent every gdq, 
  not looking to offend anyone but gdq is a speedrunning event . 
  speedrunners are n't typically known for their social skills . 
  yeah either that or the cheese counter , though i think those are the exact same thing . 
  i know , but the original announcement of the episodes talked about a trilogy . 
   coworkers who are futilely trying to get a word in, 
  honestly those coworkers were only thing that annoyed me . 
  this guy was on the scene , let him report . 
  the news anchors or whatever they were just wanted to hear their own voice , they had nothing worthwhile to add . 
  esc used to work , not sure if it still works on all browsers . 
  i remember playing day of defeat a long time before steam . 
  i never bought it either , just half-life . 
  people used voip long before 1.4 , all the way back in the beta or before cs even existed . 
  we just used a separate software rather than the ingame voice . 
  i still use a separate software . 
  oh and you 're right , nobody liked steam back then . 
  to be fair it did totally suck . 
   building was in fact the inspiration for the planetary express building, 
  do you have a source ? 
   however it appears it is verified . 
  where ? 
  your problem was you used gamespy . 
  all-seing eye ftw, 
  why did n't you punch him ? 
  nobody can get too mad because a kid punched them and he would 've learnt his lesson . 
  no shit ? 
  when you grow old enough to move out of your parent 's place maybe you 'll realize sex in a relationship is n't that big of a deal . 
  why ? 
  op said he did n't even notice anything happened so why would you care ? 
  i 'd wash the sheets anyway if i had someone else sleep in my bed . 
  it 's not like bodily fluids resist laundry detergent . 
  in fact that 's what it 's designer for . 
  wash the sheets ? 
  is n't that a normal thing to do if someone else sleeps in your bed regardless if they had sex ? 
  i know . 
  but he found out .
