  i believe the answer they were looking for is `` puberty '' and the definition of pedophilia is sexual attraction to prepubescent children . 
  you ca n't be both prepubescent and undergoing puberty . 
  right click -  show controls, 
  well we did n't ban slavery because it sucked for the guys owning the slaves, 
   ( does anyone know the money reward for getting a kill with a smoke/flash/decoy ? ), 
  it 's 300 . 
  wait the zeus is n't as fast as the knife ? 
  i always thought that 's why it automatically chooses the zeus if you have one . 
  glad i never have one . 
  i wo n't because i 'll never do this . 
  you honestly expect me to crawl behind my computer multiple times a day to connect some cables ? 
  still not as many as thai massage parlors . 
  if you just follow the instruction manual carefully it 's pretty impossible to fuck up . 
  if you 're wondering about something more detailed like the specific parts fitting each other or bios etc that might not be in the manual the internet will answer all your questions even if you do get half a dozen `` omg how do you not know this are you retarded '' posts for every legit answer . 
  at least my case and motherboard came with very extensive and easy to follow guides for all the other parts as well . 
  i had no clue going in but there was never a point where i did n't know what to do next . 
  you just follow orders until every piece is in place , connect the wires like they 're labeled and power it up . 
  my personal biggest fear was/is getting a faulty part and not knowing which one it is and whether i broke it myself . 
  if the front io really was shit why on earth would i want to keep my speakers in it ? 
  also my soundcard does n't differentiate between the two , they 're both the same `` audio device '' and sound plays through both . 
  i do n't understand why the arrows showing the picks and bans ca n't be in the player 's ui like it is in the spectators . 
  yeah it 's easy to remember how it goes but still i do n't see a downside to it . 
  are you seriously saying the bad shielding which results in electrical interference to the signal only affects directional sound but not sound quality in general ? 
  i personally think eating them is pretty useless . 
  you get a case for every 10 levels so that means eating 5 hats to get 1 hat . 
  i 'd rather just gift them to friends or wait and sell them for a few euros and use that money to get what i wanted off the marketplace . 
  if your immortal is cheap then the ones you could get by eating and opening cases are probably cheap as well . 
  at least cheaper than 5:1, 
   as cool as it may look , it 's still forcing your views on an uneducated person . 
  yeah like we force views that you should n't steal or kill . 
  fucking brainwashing if you ask me . 
  yeah and if there was a little kid standing up to bullies reddit would cheer her on but if there was a kid stealing other kids lunch money reddit would be mad . 
  the kid probably learnt both of those behaviours from somewhere . 
  not all actions are equal just because they 're learnt from somewhere . 
  most people do n't see equal human rights as a `` political issue '' . 
  saying the parents putting that flag on her hand is just as bad as what some religious folk are doing is like saying teaching your child to hate niggers is the same as teaching your child all people should be treated equally . 
  or that telling your child not to touch others is the same as encouraging them to fight with their classmates . 
  yeah and if one parent taught her child to treat everyone equally reddit would approve while another parent teaching their child to hate niggers , spics and jews would be frowned upon . 
  what 's your point ? 
  you 're comparing a child being taught to uphold equality to teaching a child to discriminate . 
  every child is taught `` views '' . 
  we teach them not to hurt others , not to steal , to act fair etc. 
  are you saying this is the same as teaching your child to act violently and steal and cheat whenever they can ? 
   my soundcard does n't differentiate between the two , they 're both the same `` audio device '' and sound plays through both . 
  i 've never even watched the films . 
   firing may be the wrong word here . 
  laid off or let go may be a nicer way to describe it . 
  if you 're told not to come to work tomorrow that 's firing someone . 
  why on earth would you need to have a `` nice way to describe it '' ? 
  how did finland have a higher gnp per capita in 1880 than sweden ? 
  seems a bit strange . 
   what the fuck ? 
  a wii controller ? 
  i 'm not defending the cop or her actions in this particular case but they do sell those peripherals that are designed to make the wiimote more like a gun for those `` shooting gallery '' type of games . 
  these are all designed to be used with the wiimote . 
  with one like that it would n't be such a difficult mistake to make . 
  a detail like that could easily be overlooked in a news story . 
  especially since `` cop shot a kid with a wii controller '' is a much better story than `` cop shot a kid with a toy gun '' . 
   buying a base model merc is just stupid . 
  not really . 
  they 're still very good cars . 
  of course the more expensive ones are better but that does n't make `` cheap '' mbs any worse . 
  bitching about someone owning a base model benz just sounds incredibly jealous . 
  if domestic in your case means american then i have to agree with them . 
  i 'd rather have a mercedes-benz of any value than an american car of equal value . 
  you mean the toyota camry ? 
  a car designed in japan ? 
  did you seriously just say a mustang is a more reliable car than a mercedes ? 
   go ahead and say you 'd rather have a base line mercedes . 
  i 'd rather have a base line mercedes . 
  also comparing one of a kind `` friends with the dealer '' price is utterly retarded . 
  you should compare that to a car you 'd get at the mb dealership if you were friends with that dealer and not the msrp . 
  it 's a japanese car . 
  we were talking about mb vs american brands . 
  all big car manufacturers have assembly plants across the globe . 
  even mercedes-benz . 
   welcome to tuscaloosa county alabama , u.s.a , and the production location of the mercedes-benz m-class , r-class , gl-class , the c-class for the north american market and the brand new 2016 gle coupe suv . 
  is the mercedes-benz c-class a `` domestic '' then ? 
  it 's as much as the camry is . 
  did you select the wrong message to reply to ? 
  i was n't saying the shooting was justified . 
  in fact i agree a man holding ( not pointing ) a weapon in his own house is no a reason to shoot him even if it was a real gun . 
  i was just explaining how someone might actually mistake a wiimote for a gun as those things are pretty popular . 
  there 's a wide selection of them at my local gamestop . 
  and i would value the sound quality in cs more than in everything else ? 
  the black one on the right with a black wiimote on top of it does n't look real ? 
  i was n't trying to post a link, 
  lol i live in a city . 
  i do n't even own a car . 
  yes it is . 
  so are the mercedes-benzs sold in the us and most other big manufacturers . 
  that does n't make it an american car . 
  i never said americans ca n't assemble a good car . 
  itt americans who do n't know basic 20th century world history . 
  that 's a terrible comparison . 
  nobody likes worse audio quality over better audio quality . 
  the hole in the barrel is where the wiimote goes . 
  it 's to allow pressing buttons . 
  there 's no hole when it 's in use . 
  people who play online do n't want anyone to see their gt ?
