  that must 've been fucked up . 
  yeah he is . 
  i know the relationship between finland and germany was mostly `` enemy of my enemy ... '' but it still must 've been pretty psychologically overwhelming ( you know on top of the whole * war * thing ) . 
  he fought in both the winter war and continuation war . 
  both of which were a part of wwii if you look at them on a bigger scale . 
  i 'm pretty sure some finnish forces pushed further into karelia during the continuation war than the original pre-1393 borders . 
  he 's finnish and born in vyborg or viipuri . 
  when he was born it was a part of finland but the soviet union conquered those areas during the winter war ( part of wwii ) . 
  he recruited in the finnish army to fight the soviets , and finland as a small nation had to ally themselves with germany simply because germany was also fighting russia . 
  finnish were n't really nazies though technically we did fight on the side of the axis and against the allies . 
  however finland did surrender some jews ( 12 jewish refugees and 520 pow 's 49 of which were jewish ) over to the nazies . 
  apparently germany was threatening to stop the shipments of wheat unless we complied but still it is n't the proudest moment of our history . 
  i do n't care . 
  i do n't care about violentacrez , i do n't care about srs , i do n't care about txc , i do n't give a shit about any of this reddit drama . 
  there are more important things out there . 
  things that actually deal with men 's rights . 
  not this crap . 
  i 'm honestly surprised the link was n't [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simo_h%c3%a4yh%c3%a4 ) . 
  oh my bad there were actually two different links . 
  i only noticed the one about t\u00f6rni . 
  hard to see when they 're together like that . 
  it 's pretty crazy h\u00e4yh\u00e4 got up to those numbers when the war only wasted 3 months and change . 
   nobody could possibly be that stupid or delusional, 
  oh boy do you have lots to learn about the world, 
  you obviously have n't seen cro cop fight before . 
  the dude can take a punch ( or a kick ) . 
  pics or it did n't happen, 
  yeah i watched it again a couple of times and he was clearly out cold before even hitting the ground . 
  if you look at the punches though you can clearly see they are n't very powerful . 
  more like slaps with fists . 
  i 'm guessing it 's the adrenaline and the years of training to be a professional fighter that just sort of `` make you '' fight until told to stop . 
  it 's not about `` asking his permission because she ca n't make intelligent decisions on her own '' . 
  it 's about respecting your friends and people you care about . 
  i do n't think so . 
  seeing as how he referred to her as `` his good friend 's sister '' it can be assumed he 's known him for a longer time than her . 
  he 's not asking because he 's her brother and you must make sure the man of the house is okay with your plans . 
  he 's asking because he wants to make sure his friend wo n't be hurt by his actions . 
  that 's what friends do . 
  in matters relating to sisters or anything else . 
  because it 's inconsiderate not to ask your friends opinion on a matter that concerns him as well . 
  inb4 `` it 's her decision it does n't concern him '' . 
  she 's family so of course it does . 
  even if the sister 's boyfriend was someone completely random it 'd still concern him . 
  in this case it 's someone who he knows well and expects to be honest with him . 
   act with integrity during the pursuit and be honest to/with her . 
  this will alleviate the real problem far more than adhering to a backwards bro-code . 
  why ca n't you do both ? 
  also there is nothing backwards about the bro code . 
  she calls it game station . 
  learn to read before commenting . 
  how are you so far in the minus ? 
  the xbox360 controller is by far the best console controller ever made . 
  gamecube is clearly the second best and the best of it 's time , but you ca n't even begin to argue that the gamecube controller with only one `` z '' button or the shitty c-stick would actually be better than the 360 pad . 
  you need to work on your trolling . 
  the ps3 controller was cool when it came out in 1995 but these days it 's hardly in the top 5 . 
  that 's not the point of betting, 
  what if you 're unemployed ? 
  just because reddit hates apple does n't mean we do n't buy all their products . 
  posted on my imac . 
  sorry but you sound like an asshole :(, 
  unless you mean bets like `` i 'm willing to bet you a million dollars . . '' etc. 
  people who do n't pay their debts ( bets are considered debts ) are assholes though . 
  just wanted to say that i 've always enjoyed your comments and especially the drawings and pictures over on historyporn . 
  a question about your book . 
  is it strictly a memoir/novel or does it also feature more of your drawings ? 
  i remember reading you were an artist and just wondering if the book is mostly text or images . 
  ipod touch has never been the best music player on the market . 
  that was a reference ? 
  i do n't know if you actually did this yourself but this is the best sketch of anything on reddit ever . 
  neither is getting a penalty shot from being tripped like that, 
  no one really likes the ads on the jerseys . 
  we just put up with it because our markets are smaller and we 'd rather have hockey with ads than no hockey at all . 
  depends on the jersey . 
  i 'm glad my team has sort of `` color coordinated '' their ads so they [ blend in the jersey ] ( http://www.hs.fi/kuvat/iso_webkuva/horizontal/1135260114136.jpeg ) instead of looking like complete mess . 
  http://atikhomirov.tumblr.com/ scroll down a bit and you 'll find more pictures of her, 
  it does n't even sound * that * cruel . 
  i can imagine and recall much worse things than having to sit in a penalty box . 
  why would you ever buy from a headshop with a card though . 
  i thought this it was pretty much common knowledge to always use cash in drug related transactions . 
  am i the only one who thinks she looks like she 's 12 at most ? 
  i do n't mean to make fun of her or anything but she does , and considering the time period it would n't come as that big a surprise . 
  first of all mushroom , broccoli , pineapple cheese pizza sounds pretty good and i love meat . 
  secondly what kind of a douche wo n't eat the other ( pepperoni ) half of a pizza that has something else on it . 
  no one i smoke with ( = everyone i know except my parents ) smokes `` straight herb '' . 
  always mixed with tobacco . 
  i 've tried both more than enough and i agree with them , it 's better mixed . 
  i do n't smoke cigarettes . 
  this is funny because it 's perfectly normal to see tits ( and by tits i mean nipples ) in shows and movies broadcasted during prime time here in finland ( and probably all of europe ( except uk ) ), 
  only if it 's `` 18 + '' so practically gore or porn do you have to wait until 23 to broadcast it on national television . 
  the newest season of breaking bad was probably the funniest example of american hypocrisy at it 's finest ** spoiler alert ** there was one episode that showed a piece of paper with fuck you written on it and the fuck was censored . 
  couple episodes later they showed a montage of 10 people getting stabbed and burned to death which were extremely graphic and bloody but apparently ok for tv . 
  what i want to know is who let 's a kid young enough not to know the word fuck ( less than 5 yo ? ), 
  watch breaking bad . 
  yeah exactly but my point was she has n't even reached that first step of the diagram yet . 
  her face is round like a child 's . 
  i do n't have hdtv . 
  i 've never had any issue seeing the puck . 
  300x200 shitty compressed web streams yeah but never on tv . 
  \\  classifying a person as `` gamer '' because he/she enjoys videogames, 
  the only thing i disliked about the video was it 's shortness,
