  maybe i hold my phone further away from my face or something . 
  because everything from apps to picture to videos to websites look better ? 
  well i mean if a person placed it in the bird cage or wherever i could imagine the bird rubbing against it if his beak was truly causing him discomfort . 
  source : know absolutely nothing about birds, 
  yes . 
  i had platinum on all ( non-auto ) shotguns in bc2 iirc . 
  slugs had infinite range , were one-shot kill to any body part in hardcore and had no bullet drop ( they still had travel time but it was extremely fast ) . 
  my favourite map to do it in was probably arica harbor as a defender when all the snipers would line up on the top of that mountain . 
  just blasting silhouettes against the skybox . 
  that snow map that went downhill which was introduced later was great for it too . 
  saw-off has a hardcoded effective range . 
  the bullets disappear in the air after a certain [ distance ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxzgcjipynw ) . 
  while the nova 's shot spreads and damage falls off so that it 's practically unusable at longer ranges the pellets still travel until hitting a wall or a person . 
  i have perfect vision . 
  in fact i last time i was checked i got two rows more than you 're supposed to get to qualify as perfect vision . 
  you clearly do n't know what the brightness setting in phones and other screens does if you think it 's like the brightness in photoshop or something . 
  all it does is control the intensity of the backlight . 
  if your screen goes washed out at full brightness then that 's a faulty or a badly designed device . 
   if you had heard just the song would have made the kkk connection ? 
  of course not . 
  that 's not the part that evokes those connections . 
   people are hypersensitive to racism and create issues where there are n't any . 
  i 'm not hypersensitive to racism nor am i saying there 's an issue with the video . 
  it 's more of a humorous resemblance . 
   the confederate flag just implies that they 're in the south, 
  the confederate flag implies a lot more in the year 2015 . 
  that 's the point . 
  you do n't need to have a 1:1 representation of a kkk rally to think of a kkk rally . 
  a flag that 's associated with slavery and racist ideologies and a bunch of people in similiar ( not 100 % accurate ) clothing dancing in front of it is more than enough to remind you of kkk . 
  nobody 's saying the writer of the show was trying to convey a kkk rally , just that it reminds them of one . 
   sure , i wo n't make 6 figures , but i get to make my own hours . 
  i 'll take that freedom any day of the week . 
  yeah but the thing is your ear holes are n't a requirement for this job either . 
  all it does is limit your options in life , whether that limit is everything but fast food or just the really well paying jobs is secondary . 
   i 've known people who have stretched lobes that work office jobs , so it 's not all that limiting . 
  that 's another thing . 
  just because it 's possible to be employed on a field does n't mean you wo n't face discrimination because of them . 
  sure there are guys in construction making good money with visible body bodifications but there are just as many if not more construction employers who will take it into account when deciding on who to hire/fire/promote . 
  just because it does n't make employment an impossibility does n't mean you are n't hurting your odds . 
  oh yeah i totally forgot about the lighthouse sniping . 
  though i almost preferred the opposite , just staring at the lighthouse from the base and killing anyone who popped up in the windows like whack a mole, 
  that does n't make any sense at all . 
  it 's not like valve has to choose between hl3 and steam . 
  yes and no . 
  valve outsourced the cs : source console port to hidden path . 
  that project eventually evolved into cs : go . 
  even then cs : go at launch was very much a different game from the cs : go that gained popularity . 
  hidden path was actually fired from the project some time before the launch . 
  the game was practically dead from 2012 to 2013 because it was absolute shit until valve reworked the entire movement physics , gun handling , maps , matchmaking etc. 
  csgo post-2013 is a serious competetive shooter . 
  csgo of 2012 was on par with some 10 dollar xbox arcade game that got a crappy pc port . 
  this was all before they even revealed the weapon skin ( hat ) system . 
  most people did n't even try the 2012 csgo and were introduced to the game after the arms race update more than a year after the initial launch . 
  after that what valve has done can be called `` maintaining '' but they did basically rebuild the entire game in that one year period . 
  e. started kinda rambling but my original point was at the time when valve decided to outsource the project it was just a console port of their old game with some console specific changes like replacing dedicated servers with matchmaking . 
  the decision to make it into an entirely new game ( and even give it a pc version ) came later . 
  i 'm sorry but there simply is n't a middle ground where you can have a good rts that 's accesible to casuals . 
  rts 's need macro and micro management . 
  they need vast amounts of control groups and splitting your attention between four different things . 
  that 's their appeal . 
  casual games in general can be good , but i ca n't imagine a good casual rts game . 
  some concepts just do n't mix well . 
   i feel the only reason starcraft 2 really did well at all was because of it 's name . 
  that 's absolute bullshit . 
  starcraft 2 was an excellent game . 
  it just was n't as popular as brood war that came out at a time when gaming was still more of a niche and rts games were extremely popular . 
  but the thing is blizzard used to be great if not the best at making games that work for competetive play . 
  brood war more or less created professional competetive gaming and while starcraft 2 has died in its prime it was well ahead of dota or league in terms of organizations and professionalism of the scene . 
  gom/kespa/dreamhack / blizzard created the standards others esports events aspired to meet . 
  even wc3 was the practically only game alongside counterstrike that had serious tournaments in europe more than a decade ago . 
  people who traditionally like blizzard games are the kind of people who enjoy games built around the competetive scene . 
  you can make good games that are n't viable for pro play but that 's not what fans of old blizzard series want . 
   they may not be affiliated any more, 
  what do you mean ? 
  both blizzard and activision are still subsidiaries of the [ activision blizzard inc. ] ( http://www.nasdaq.com/symbol/atvi ), 
  dod_avalanche 24h with kar98k only, 
  95 % of people on that sub just have n't remembered to unsub . 
  why would they not be allowed to say `` dota '' if they own '' `` defense of the ancients '' ? 
  that whole thing is just a relic from a time when valve was n't sure they 'd get the rights to `` defense of the ancients '' and only used `` dota '' as a word , not an abbreviation . 
  that 's a thing of the past though , they 've worked it out since and valve has full rights to both now . 
  i 'm a newer player and call her windrunner because it just sounds more natural . 
  i do n't tend to use legacy names otherwise . 
  except for bara but that 's because it 's so much quicker to say . 
  sure it would 've kicked the bucket by now but it 's practically dead even with the name . 
  just because the game had a big fanbase even before release does n't mean it 's a bad game . 
  if anything it provoked unnecessary comparisons to what is generally considered to be the best rts game of all time . 
  if another company published a new rts ip people would n't be so obsessed with what bw did right 15 years ago . 
  nothing to do with reborn . 
  failing to ready-up is always 10 minutes . 
  does n't matter the reason and it does n't affect your `` account standing '' . 
  it 's just a one time penalty of 10 minutes that goes away after you 've waited . 
  abandoning ( and reports ) affect a hidden counter that will punish you eventually if you go over a treshold . 
  you will not get punished for first abandon and if you play a lot without abandoning you can abandon every now and then without any effect . 
  but also they stick to your account and if you 've abandoned many times within say a month or a few dozen games ( the details are a secret ) you 'll get low-priority . 
  only way to get out of low prio is to play the low prio games , waiting wo n't help . 
  also every time after the first one your punishment will be harsher than the last time . 
  it does , there 's just a short delay, 
  what you 're probably remembering is that in 2013 activision blizzard bought its own shares ( or something like that ) from the parent company vivendi and is now it 's own independent company instead of operating under a `` parent company '' . 
  yeah i remember my first ipod was basically full of dj doboy . 
  i think vocal edition # 6 was my favourite if i 'm not mistaken .
