  most importantly remember that winter starts after 21 days , so be ready . 
  i 've played the game on pc relatively much ( i 'm currently playing a save on day 85 ) so feel free to ask me any questions or strategy advice . 
  they do . 
  but meatballs restore a ton of hunger and you do n't need more than 1 meat item for meatballs . 
  you can have 1 `` monster '' item in the crock pot without the food turning out `` monster '' . 
  so as long as you do n't use durian ( only `` monster '' vegetable ) you do n't need any `` proper '' meat as 3 of any vegetable and a monster meat is just as good as 3 vegetables and regular meat . 
  you can run around a campfire for one night if shit hits the fan . 
  he 'll never catch you . 
  build a sleeping bag or a tent . 
  i woud n't waste mandrakes by eating them , they 're pretty rare . 
  so you 're the guy who 's to blame for it all, 
  log suit and a spear is enough for first hound attacks . 
  i recommend building a base of some kind at some point , when you do it 's smart to build a bottleneck entrance with traps ( not the traps that catch rabbits but hound tooth traps or bee traps ) . 
  helps fight the hounds . 
  they get more intense every time they show up . 
  yeah the wiki is very helpful but if you do n't want to use a wiki ( i understand the appeal of `` playing blind '' ) when you 're standing near your science machine or alchemy engine etc. 
  they show you the needed inredients for all items , not just the ones you 've unlocked or have the needed stuff for . 
  i have n't played the ps4 version but i assume it 's like the pc version . 
  you ca n't load `` saves '' other than your most recent . 
  dying is permadeath . 
  the save feature is only there to allow you to quit the game and continue later , you ca n't actually go back to a save if you die . 
  keep that in mind . 
  what are you doing when you die ? 
  do n't attack enemies unnecessarily . 
  usually the first mob i fight are the first hounds around day 12 or so . 
  just run around and collect any carrots and berries you see . 
  those should get you past the first week easily . 
  i would n't recommend customizing the world settings . 
  at least before you 've experienced the default world to the fullest . 
  there 's a reason those settings are default , it 's a balanced experience . 
  chester does n't follow you , he follows the stick . 
  he 'll continue following you if you put stuff in him but if you drop the stick he 'll stay there like a regular chest . 
  so yes , he was fetching himself . 
  do n't worry . 
  you get more pine cones than you 'll ever need just by chopping wood . 
  it 's usually the first item i get rid of if i 'm exploring and need more space in my inventory . 
  i would n't try adventure mode before surviving at least a 100 days , so do n't worry about it . 
  you should find it via regular exploring by the time you 're ready . 
  build a crook pot once you have a regular `` base '' . 
  the crock pot allows you to cook food about to go bad and also allows you to include 1 monster meat per recipe without the food turning out `` monster food '' . 
  meatballs are a great item for gaining hunger and only require 1 meat . 
  so 1 monster meat and 3 berries/carrots for example will totally ignore the fact there 's monster meat . 
  i would n't ever eat monster meat by itself unless very desperate . 
  i would n't recommend rotating it too much . 
  you can rotate it to see a specific item or something but i would recommend you rotate it back as soon as possible . 
  keeping a fixed camera angle helps with having a clear idea of your world without checking the map all the time . 
  yeah unless you manually copy the save file . 
  i have n't tried it on ps4 but it should work . 
  kinda ruins the atmosphere though . 
  i personally like permadeath . 
  indie game communities are typically very different from aaa titles . 
  do n't starve has a very thorough [ wiki ] ( http://dont-starve-game.wikia.com/wiki/don%27t_starve_wiki ) as well if you want to check some item properties or something , it 's all there . 
  i personally do n't recommend reading too much beforehand as the mystery is a big part of the experience but sometimes it 's handy for stuff like food recipes or item stats . 
  [ charlie ] ( http://dont-starve-game.wikia.com/wiki/charlie_%28night_monster%29 ) ? 
  yup, 
  watch tv ? 
  yeah and penguins are real useful during winter for the same purpose . 
  run close to a shore or find a flock of penguins already on land and just circle them until the hounds accidentally attack them . 
  not * a * pinecone . 
  each pinecone planted has about a 15 % chance of pacifying him so it often takes a lot more . 
  today they played a windows game on a mac with wine emulator . 
  i know they usually prefer the original hardware but i have seen some emulator games along the years as well . 
  it 's runners preference . 
  this year there has been a lot of 360 arcade remakes as well which imo count as emulators . 
  also a lot of old games have significant differences between different ports . 
  i know you did n't comment on this but i forgot to include it it the original post . 
  iirc chester respawns the next day wherever the stick is . 
  i do n't think so . 
  each time you chop down a tree it has a certain ( small ) propability of spawning a tree guard though so you 're not safe after you pacify one . 
  in my current save of 90 days i 'm yet to run into one though so the chance is pretty low . 
  yeah the pc version has 4 slots too these days . 
  i just meant you ca n't load after dying . 
  good thinking but the hounds will come back . 
  i suggest you craft a log suit and a spear . 
  try to stock up on food . 
  warm clothing is helpful as well . 
  if you ca n't get warm clothing i suggest you build the heat stone or whatever it 's called . 
  you have less daylight during winter and unless you have warm clothing you ca n't leave the fire place for long periods of time so exploration during winter is n't that smart . 
  just focus on surviving and wait for spring . 
  farms do n't produce anything once the temperature drops below zero but rabbits and birds stay active . 
  berry bushes wo n't grow new berries during winter , but if you had n't picked them before the start of winter they 'll keep their berries all winter until you pick them or someone else eats them . 
  food takes a lot longer to rot during winter but an ice box definitely helps coping with winter . 
  though usually people do n't have the resources for it during their first winter . 
  i do n't think he meant press every button . 
  there 's usually a control scheme or something in the options menu . 
  yeah do n't fuck with penguins . 
  the loot is not worth it . 
  yeah and if it 's winter you 'll pretty much freeze to death . 
  some players like to leave chest with winter equipment next to a touchstone . 
  but that 's advanced stuff , i would n't worry about it while learning the game . 
  yeah it 's one of those games where you think you 've gotten the hang of it , look up something on the wiki page and realize you have n't seen anything yet . 
  yeah he can die , but he 'll respawn the next day wherever the eye bone is . 
  i do n't think i 've ever killed him twice in one save but i guess he 'll respawn infinitely . 
  once you find and `` activate '' a touchstone you can die anywhere on the map and you 'll respawn at the altar . 
  that 'll break the touchstone though and you ca n't repair it . 
  you can have more than one touchstone activated at once and you 'll respawn at the one nearest to you . 
  i think 3 touchstones is the most i 've seen in one map but i 'm not certain . 
  keep in mind that all your inventory will be dropped where you die . 
  you can reclaim it if you make it back there . 
  there are other ways of reviving , but those require advanced magic items .
