  they 're fake as shit !, 
  the fact that you ca n't drive over a speed bump in it ? 
  no shit chiellini is n't in the picture . 
  that 's why the guy has a dutch jersey . 
  that is what happens . 
  the smaller guy is the bully . 
  soundbunny, 
  new ? 
  [ this was 10 years ago ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fijggq5r6w ), 
  she 's been on contract for like 2-3 years that specifies she had to do an anal scene within 5 years i think it was . 
  worst case this could be her last so of course they 'll hype it . 
  it 's the way imgur handles the files . 
  you can even drop the i. and it does n't care, 
  all . anything means to imgur is a straight link to image file . 
  the format is decided in the uploading process ( jpg , gif or png i think ) . 
  the extension of the url is merely a formality on the internet . 
  nice format but if you 're gon na make an image this big you might as well make sure the fonts are up to the resolution/compression . 
  it says `` amateur '' in the corner so if money was involved they did n't get a cut . 
  source ? 
  `` looking up '' does n't necessarily mean google or wikipedia . 
  a man working on the field must have some resources . 
  yes . 
  it 's pretty much an involuntary reflex, 
  my tap water does n't taste nasty, 
  i had the exact same thing happen like 3 days ago except it was `` my drink is dangerously on the edge of the coaster . 
  i need to grab it and move it without knocking it over '' and then i knocked it over ( on my phone ) . 
  came to comments to ask for 1440p . 
  thanks . 
  27 '' imac owning firefox using game of thrones watching hockey fans unite !, 
  a map favouring one side does n't mean the knife round wins the game . 
  some players prefer starting on the harder side because it means finishing on the easier side . 
  a troll being just as bad as a hacker ? 
  you must be a troll yourself, 
  still nowhere near , in context or out of context, 
  to each his own i guess . 
  in nuke for example i love starting as t , you grab 3-5 rounds and everything after that feels like extra . 
  no pressure at all . 
  in the last rounds where it counts you have a huge advantage as ct. 
  if you start as ct you have huge pressure to preform in the beginning without giving a single round and unless you win 15-0 the t side is going to be painful knowing you got ta win the necessary rounds and finish the game on a harder side . 
  and the stupidest post i 've read on reddit this week award goes to . . 
  sounds like normal sex . 
  premature ejaculation is an ebin le meme but it 's not your average sex life . 
  cs players/community is more mature than starcraft or moba game communities because cs is a more realistic game . 
  it 's not like `` stuffing it in your backpack and having a keyboard everywhere '' is a unique feature to these rubber monsters . 
  i have a small wireless keyboard that i use if i 'm sitting on the couch and i 'd much rather use that on the go than these * things * . 
  it 's not mechanical but at least it 's solid plastic . 
  and it 's much smaller than either of those . 
  afaik the xbox has no clue whether the hdd is `` official '' or not . 
  the ones microsoft sells are n't manufactured by microsoft either . 
  but is n't what you 're describing exactly two different ways of smoking ? 
  i straight-inhale joints and do n't do the same with cigarettes . 
  i used to straight inhale everything for years though , it 's not that `` rough '' if you 're used to it . 
  you do n't need all that . 
  having a real bowl when improvising sounds like a luxury . 
  to me it sounded like the average 14 year old who 's too cool to articulate properly . 
  he even topped it off with the throat groaning sound . 
  mermaid sex sounds like rule34 to me . 
  rule 34 does n't require it to be an established character that you 're `` parodying '' . 
  but that 's an amazing jersey . 
  here 's [ sel\u00e4nne doing the pose from the jersey while wearing the jersey ] ( http://richsportstalk.files.wordpress.com/2013/12/tumblr_lu7nnlhhoj1qjlx7g.png ), 
  if i were to choose the worst jersey ever worn in the nhl this one would be a [ top contestant ] ( http://www.classicauctions.net/default.aspx?tabid=263&amp;auctionid=56&amp;lotid=703 ), 
  that probably has more to do with the quality of the hard drive , not whether or not it 's an official microsoft product . 
  i 've hade a non-official hdd with larger capacity and higher rpm than the official ones for like 4 years now with zero issues . 
  i have zero doubts that some 3rd party manufacturer would have even less quality control than microsoft does . 
  that does n't mean an `` official '' drive is automatically better though . 
  i 've had an original 360 hdd break on me , that 's why i 'm using the 3rd party in the first place . 
  i 've been eating canned croissant dough all my life in finland . 
  not taking anything away from this ( and the related realization that the map of europe that we take for granted is less than a 100 years old ) i think most people in the history of the human race have thought they live during or after some of the most interesting series of events in the history of the world . 
  yea i have n't seen any statistics but in my personal experience ~ 80 % of finnish junior players play with a `` lefty '' stick . 
  of course exceptions happen but generally it is the side you 're encouraged to try first shortly after you pop out of a womb . 
   i know he used to get high with your aunt, 
  great choice of words . 
  not `` friends with '' or `` spent time with '' or anything boring or respectful like that . 
   and do n't get why anyone would do it the other way . 
  might have something to do with how you 're used to `` straight inhaling '' weed from bongs etc. 
  i have n't smoked enough pipe tobacco to judge if there 's a difference with that . 
  wow i always post vanquish in these threads and it usually gets a few upvotes but not much . 
  glad to see it at the top , definitely a great game . 
  yeah . 
  in many european countries there is no real `` age of consent '' if both parties are young . 
  two 12 year olds having sex is n't a crime but a 14 year old and a 24 year old is etc. 
  yeah what is she , 12 ? 
  she 'll probably be fertile in a year or so if not already . 
  that 's how humans have done it for a few hundred thousand years before the last century or so . 
  still a weird cosplay tho as long as the earth has n't been infected with ragevirus zombies, 
  the entire nhl team was founded as an ad to the movie/cartoon series . 
  most of these are pretty easy to guess/make sense but do you have any idea what `` world '' means ? 
  is there a context it is primarily used in in the articles of those countries or is it just a word that pops up everywhere but these countries lack any other word that would be more popular ? 
  but you 're limiting yourself so much . 
  i too like to wait until at least a season or more are out before i start watching shows . 
  if it 's a new season of a show i already watch i wait until the season finale is out . 
  but instead of netflix or amazon or hulu i use torrents so there 's nothing that 's aired on tv or released on bluray that i ca n't see if i want to . 
  new episodes automatically downloaded via rss and a streaming home theatre pc setup to any tv in my house . 
  or my phone both in wifi or 3/4g . 
  i can even `` log in '' on my friend 's computer and stream from there . 
  not only do i get any shows i want , the user interface is better and quicker ( with better quality video ) than netflix etc. 
  i 'd pay for this service if i could , but i ca n't . 
  i ca n't give it up either . 
  is he talking about `` stealth '' the attribute point or `` stealth '' as a game mechanic/strategy ? 
  i could understand taking out leveling `` stealth '' since you do n't level up `` combat '' either but more specific weapon related skills etc.
