  twitch `` raiding '' was really popular among the more `` entertainment focused '' streamers like sodapoppin and nosleeptv etc. 
  a few years ago and while 95 % of the `` victims '' really enjoyed it there were some minecraft autists who could n't handle going up from 10 viewers to a thousand , paniced and shut off their stream so twitch added a rule to prevent `` raiding '' unless you have permission beforehand . 
  pictures like these is why i chose to not continue combat sports as a teenager despite really enjoying them . 
  that ca n't be good for the brain . 
   edward barlow had a shock when he undertook his first driving lesson on wednesday . 
  as he was parked at the side of the road talking to his instructor ,, 
  imagine if this happened to you on your first driving lesson, 
  the cruel part is taking a monkey somewhere he needs a snowsuit, 
  the adorable part is monkey in a snowsuit, 
  is this really how the oval office looks during obama 's presidency ? 
  the whole thing just screams early 90s . 
  even those couches and chairs look cheap . 
   this guy has a history of being a dick towards people , so i was n't sure if he was being serious or not . 
  while i agree the guy was more than a little awkward about it in his mind he was probably just trying to make sure his secret is safe with you . 
   he 's wondering why he himself is gay . 
  he thinks he can maybe define it through music , and if they do n't like the same music maybe he is n't gay after all . 
  i think that 's stretching it . 
  you never sent girls you were interested in songs you thought they 'd maybe like in order to score points ? 
  he was probably just trying to find something op could like while knowing nothing about op except his sexuality . 
  see how after the generic `` gay songs '' fail he tries a completely different type of music ? 
   `` maybe if he does n't like the same music i do , it means that i 'm not gay '', 
  but he went from 80s synth pop to heavy metal ? 
  i think he was just trying to find what kind of music op likes because he has a crush on him . 
  yeah the human eye has a much higher resolution than the ~ 1080p most people are playing at so it 's a lot easier to focus on small details than it is on a computer screen . 
  at least that 's the name she used for this photoshoot with playboy, 
  the thing i can not understand is . 
  early 2000s : shitty 2mb dsl , 128gb hdd , porn shot in sd , porn downloaded in sd, 
  2015 : 100mbit + fiber , terabytes of hdd space , porn shot in 4k , porn viewed in 240p on a streaming site with 4 minute clips, 
  meanwhile sites like empo etc. 
  have basically every full scene ever in full hd catagorized nicely and with proper names , tags etc. 
  for free, 
  no idea about the online multiplayer but the ps4 version supports same couch co-op which is great fun . 
  does n't she ? 
  i mean i never watch her stream but i sometimes see her on the first page when i list by most viewed streams, 
  there is no penalty for accepting and then cancelling but if you accept and do n't pay the processing fee by whatever date the school has ( usually in july i think ) you lose the spot . 
  haha you got meme 'd my friend !!, 
  you did n't read the username xddd hahahah how hilarious it says liar so he lies :d, 
  what did you do with it ? 
  they 're pretty rare in places without many electric stations http://www.teslamotors.com/supercharger, 
  i see them in helsinki all the time ( = once a week or so ) but i 'd be surprised to ever see one in the northern part of the country . 
  yeah the last time i saw her stream she was opening cases wearing a catwoman suit . 
  yes ? 
  are you implying he 's the offspring of an ugly toad and a grasshopper ? 
  being the kind of assburger to focus on tiny funny details in all games i really enjoy having a caster with similiar enthusiasm about them, 
  most casters just ignore small funny accidents etc. 
  and focus on the hype unless it 's extremely hilarious or obvious, 
  yeah it took me a while too to figure out he was n't a native english speaker, 
  you mean 5 games with coaching as in training and practicing with a coach then playing 5 games with a fresh account or taking a fresh account and playing 5 games while someone coaches you ? 
  because while i can believe the first the latter is total bullshit, 
  tbh the most embarassing part are the people who take internet so seriously they get embarassed by something this stupid and silly, 
  and blacks who say `` nigga '' do n't ? 
   they have the right to say it, 
  i 'm pretty sure they 're still trash . 
  like white people who use the word `` cracker '', 
  a few minutes . 
  the only actually useful thing to do would be to have a 6th man spotting wards so you could deward with a few mins left on them and even that 's a stretch . 
  also it could be done with any computer or phone , having a projector does n't make it any easier . 
  the players certainly could n't focus on both . 
   i just kinda hyperventilated from breathing in and out so much . 
  . . not throwing up and crying and spazzing out lol, 
  what i do n't understand is , why does n't the kid just throw up ? 
  takes like 2 seconds , much better than wailing around looking like an absolute retard, 
   it probably hurts just as bad going up as it does going down . 
  yeah but only for a brief moment, 
  could be , i really do n't have a clue how long the delay is . 
  the normal dotatv delay is like 3 minutes . 
  hmm . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  it used to be open for registration and i do n't see invites mentioned anywhere but i do n't see a registration either . 
  e. i checked the forums and apparently the registration is `` temporarily closed '' because they 're recoding something to do with the site security but it 's already been a month . 
  people in every thread hate florida . 
  here they just let it out . 
  i like this other video from his channel, 
  genius prank, 
  why would someone living in florida even own an ice pick ? 
  the only thing i love more than margaritas is stabbing high school girls out jogging, 
  flares often have little parachutes, 
  when riley tell you that you going to chuck e cheese but you find out you actually going to the dentist, 
  eh , he did probably eat or sell the meat as well . 
  does n't mean you ca n't enjoy the hunt . 
  there 's a reason they 're stuffed full of shit that is n't turkey, 
  the game is not in beta despite the folder name, 
  but lids do n't help with soda losing carbonation due to splashing around, 
  yeah and that guy is from ontario . 
  the `` newfie '' is the guest star, 
   all fun/no stress, 
  so just like playing ranked matchmaking in dota ? 
  well it would fucking suck to have different maps for different players, 
  i like the themed maps but imo everyone should play on the same map, 
  did n't they already say that if you can run dota 2 at maximum settings on source 1 you should n't expect too much of a difference ? 
  i bet it 's more optimization/possibility of features than eye candy, 
  if you really have to ask that you have n't been to sweden in the last decade . 
  this map is kind of misleading as it 's purely `` yes/no '' . 
  i was surprised finland was n't red so i checked some sources and apparently finland 's muslim population is estimated at 50-60k people out of 5.5 million . 
  so that 's barely 1 % and the absolute minimum required for the map yet it 's colored the same as a country with 90 % muslims . 
  i do n't know about the limits of the engine but dota 2 running on it wo n't be anything `` next gen '' . 
  it 's still the same game, 
  if you 're american it pretty much does because your courts have decided an ip is n't a person . 
  and if you arent american you can just laugh at the threat right away . 
  internet piracy wo n't go away .
