  because csgo does n't have any worthwhile competition or alternatives, 
  also they 're not unhappy in the sense that they disagree with the changes . 
  they 're unhappy that it takes valve really long to do anything and is acting cheap with a lot of decisions while at the same time dota is getting huge love so people know the company is capable of it, 
  practically all electronics need holes for ventilation, 
  i agree with the guy above . 
  the tv they sold was n't faulty so the store is not at fault . 
  also the title `` refuse to repair '' is misleading . 
  they agreed to repair it , they just charged a regular repair fee for it . 
  just because a product has a 1 or 2 year warranty does n't mean the retailer is responsible for anything that happens to it for those 2 years . 
  i leave that home most of the time tbh, 
   if you think that csgo has problems even approaching the realm of dota or many other competitive games , fighting games chief among them , then you just do n't play very many competitive games . 
  i have over a thousand hours in all dota2 , csgo and starcraft, 
  looking at your comment it 's fairly obvious you never played launch csgo or you would see the irony yourself . 
  out of these three games csgo was by far the least functional at launch . 
  it was immidiatelly dismissed as not feasible for competetive play and basically died away a week after launch . 
  mechanically it was on the level of 10 $ xbox arcade game because that 's what it was . 
  it was an outsourced cs : s console port that halfway into development got a name change and a pc version ( port ) . 
  it took valve a year rebuilding everything from the fundamental mechanics of movement and gun handling to get anyone to even try the game . 
  [ most people did n't play before the hats ] ( https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/yuxxdahdlqmyinjvwfllibgm5fkexmutwyokwlthqkyspsckrgmzpnmgkceuvpexjz7i3jfqdudndqx07n_coycnk8o2-ctbw85ikriv0bsupimm-zvdffzxels4kbxw ) and those came out more than a year after release after all the biggest changes and even at that point the game was crude compared to today . 
  the only reason csgo is in this `` really good '' state as you called it is constant development and revamping the engine and core gameplay mechanics . 
  just because they finally reached a point where the game is good does n't mean it 's time to stop improving . 
  manlet detected, 
  well you are on the whitest sub on reddit so if you 're gon na find mighty duck fans anywhere it 's here, 
  this one ? 
  i did n't click your link ... pussy, 
  i can just imagine the montage, 
  i personally think it 's not even that important for the whole thing to find exactly similiar heroes . 
  for one thing you need to pick 6 or more so you 're not comparing one hero to one lol hero anyway . 
  i do n't play lol but i doubt there 's that many carbon copies between the two games . 
  i think the main purpose of it is to lower the treshold to trying a new game . 
  even if the suggestions ultimately are nothing like the lol heroes you picked you 'll still get this `` hand picked selection of just 6 heroes '' instead of the overwhelming 108 . 
  it 's much easier to look at just 6 and see which one sounds the coolest and give it a shot . 
  once you 've installed the game and started playing i think the suggestions hardly matter any more . 
  some cool pics there but i just wan na point out that the account is an official us army one . 
  while a lot of people were certainly glad for the us troops on their soil i doubt the response was as universally welcoming as you could think seeing these ( specifically selected ) group of pictures . 
  you have around a hundred unranked games to learn . 
  while maybe not a good choice for your absolutely first game of dota it 's good to get variety even low mmr games . 
  i welcome any new wisp players instead of everyone being told to pick sniper and wraith king . 
  it 's a new day in europe !, 
   put sentry , kill stack of mines - good , now you have gold for another one . 
  you 're saying that like it would be a bad thing ? 
  both mines and remote mines are `` unit type : ward '' just like ta traps , veno wards or obs . 
  50 is a bit high as you can easily get multiple with one sentry . 
  you get 50 for one obs ward for a 100g sentry which i think is a fine ratio . 
  destroying them is a reward in itself but a small gold incentive is nice . 
  so ta 's traps are n't a part of her skillset ? 
  or veno wards are n't a part of veno 's skill set ? 
  techies mines are the exception , inconsistent and you know it . 
   all the summons have a duration so you get a reward for killing them on time, 
  ta traps last forever, 
  eh something like a 10g bounty for the one person who kills the mine like ta traps give does n't sound like it would give that noticable of a gold income for a team . 
  just a tiny return of investment for the supports tasked with getting rid of the things . 
   who even uses phones like that, 
  does she look like she 's making a phonecall ? 
  yeah the achievement was added to give a hint of its existence but is there anything that says the thing was n't always there ? 
  nobody just looked for it and finally rockstar decided to give a hint so it did n't go completely unnoticed . 
  i 'm not saying this is what happened but that it 's a possibility, 
  yeah the other car is an asshole but losing control was totally his own fault . 
  til they made a tv show about peanuts . 
  it comes from his mother . 
  and his mother 's mother . 
  if you want a good approximation your mother 's brother is the best bet . 
   no one does, 
  literally everyone except you two knows efukt, 
  yeah and it 's hilarious how many people do n't even see anything wrong with it . 
  like you see a player who 's insulting others from the pick phase and spam pings constantly etc. 
  and if someone asks to report them they respond with `` report me ? 
  i have more kills than you '' with a straight face . 
  lina literally only got nerfed after the last patch where she was never picked but now she 's `` broken '' ? 
  but euls just got nerfed and the aghs upgrade was already there in 6.83 where lina was never picked up, 
  shitpost about shitposts, 
  towers have a specific targeting priority that determines which enemy it will attack . 
  this list represents that priority in descending order :, 
  closest enemy unit or hero attacking a friendly hero with auto attack, 
  closest enemy unit or hero attacking the tower itself with auto attack, 
  closest enemy unit or hero attacking any friendly unit with auto attack, 
  closest enemy unit, 
  closest enemy hero, 
  closest enemy catapult, 
  the tower will only switch targets under four circumstances :, 
  if the targeted enemy unit or hero goes out of range, 
  if the targeted enemy unit or hero dies, 
  if an enemy unit or hero targets a friendly hero, 
  if an enemy hero being attacked by the tower manually attacks another enemy unit or hero ( in which case , the tower will select a new target based on the above priority order ) . 
   first it goes after heroes , then creeps, 
  literally the opposite, 
  yeah if you 've targeted an enemy hero you 'll be higher on the priority list than creeps attacking a tower . 
  also if the enemy creep wave has gotten close enough that your creeps start targeting them you will be higher if you 're still attacking the tower . 
  they do n't actually have to hit the enemy creeps for the switch to happen . 
  it 'll still be fun for a week, 
  out of all the memes and shitposts i 've seen today on / r/dota2/new / this was the stupidest thing i 've read, 
  days, 
  minute, 
  seconds, 
  time until monday , 28 september 2015 ( midway time ), 
  i fully understand why lina is doing so well in the current meta but i do n't think it 's right to call a hero op or even broken simply because it thrives in the meta , especially when the hero did n't receive a single buff on its way from being picked once at dac to being first pick first ban . 
  to everyone who commented on [ my post yesterday ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dota2/comments/3m6erl/has_there_been_any_official_statementpost_on_why/ ) about how stupid of an idea 10g bounty on techies mines would be : fuck you all !, 
  i do n't wan na gloat , but ... fuck your techies flair . 
  same here . 
  after seeing lina was n't indeed nerfed to shit i immidiately started worrying about wr .
