  i used to primarily lurk f7u12 , i even registered for f7u12 . 
  but you can never make me go back there again . 
  the first thing i did when i joined reddit was unsubscribing from politics and atheism . 
  and i 'm an atheist who 's interested in politics . 
  i actually saw this on the front page but yeah guilty , i sometimes read individual f7u12 comics if they 're in r/all, 
  i was always the last kid too . 
  i 'm still usually the last one standing when out drinking etc. 
  i guessed danish but hey , close enough . 
  too lazy to write a separate second comment so amazing work op, 
  marry queen . 
  i have the specific video somewhere on my computer , i 'll try to see if i can find a name for the vid . 
  e. http://i.imgur.com/3dj4g.jpg here are the screens , i found the video on cheggit but it was a part of a compilation so `` marry_queen-mofos1 . wmv '' is the best i can do, 
  oh yeah . . you 're right . 
  i totally forgot weeds used to be funny . 
  too bad the boobs are n't as nice, 
  your home is in your chest cavity pumping 70 gallons of blood an hour ? 
  for me it 's the opposite . 
  i get tired of minecraft , see something amazing on r/minecraft , start playing again . 
  yeah because it 's common knowledge to know what or who grace kelly 's van cleef & arpels is/are . 
  i personally stopped reading well before the word diamond . 
  what does voting have to do with anything, 
  you 're calling me culturally ignorant based solely on the fact that i do n't know grace kelly 's van cleef & arpels tiara ? 
  the best gif you 've ever seen ? 
  welcome to the internet , you 're going to like this place . 
  no i had just never seen `` itap '' before and took a guess, 
  we need the sauce !, 
  religion offers easy answers for life 's difficult questions . 
  too bad those answers tend to always be wrong . 
  why the fuck is `` fuck '' censored . 
  it 's the internet , there is no fcc . 
  also , if you decide to censor yourself and beep out `` fuck '' then why the fuck would you say the word at all . 
  you really think something as ridiculous as women 's sports is going to change my views on a country . 
  lol, 
  yeah you might have to reconsider that ratio, 
  no i 'm not , i 'm a cynical asshole, 
  or just enable auto-save, 
  i did n't even know bans on reddit could expire . 
  does it show you the date if it 's just a temporary ban ? 
  should i go back and see if my bans on certain subreddits have expired ? 
  ok thx for the info, 
  error occured while posting, 
  all post attemps show up any way, 
   pain in the ass it was in gta, 
  there was no hunger in any gta i 've ever played ? 
  or do you mean how the health had to be replenished by eating ? 
  because that 's not hunger , that 's just a new ( more realistic ) name and skin for health potions, 
  me too about the height but idk about hunger . . this is n't sims , i do n't want to be burneded with boring repetitive tasks while working on my my boring repetitive projects, 
   is anyone feeling like no one is taking us seriously ? 
  well i 'm a man conserned about men 's rights and an active reader of r/mensrights and i ca n't take you people seriously . 
  there are real , serious issues in the world and you people ca n't get over a stupid joke in a shitty tv show . 
  when the women 's groups whine about offside rules or whatever i could n't care less . 
  my reaction to this is exactly the same . 
  i 'll gladly sit this one out . 
  this . 
  i 've always laughed at hypersensitive women 's organizations ( or any organization for that matter ) that blow everything out of proportion and bitch endlessly whenever they get the chance to be offended by something , no matter how trivial . 
  r/mensrights appears to have become the very thing i 've always loathed . 
  i will not stoop to their level . 
  small boobs are often perkier and prettier . 
  small boobs tend to have nicer nipples, 
  small boobs age better , less sagging and veins, 
  and this last argument is meant in no way as offensive , it 's just something i 've come to notice in my years of living on earth and obviously there are plenty of exceptions : girls with smaller boobs often have less of an ego and tend to have developed more interesting characters . 
  especially when talking about younger women . 
  girls with large breasts do n't need to be especially interesting to get friends . 
  how does this make any sense ? 
  do you have arms that reach all the way down to your boner when folded ? 
  if not , i like your style, 
  this looks amazing . 
  did you make it yourself ? 
  i 've read both posts now twice and i 'm still having trouble understanding what happened even just from your perspective . 
  her name is ** ginger banks ** . 
  you should be able to find these videos on any proper porn tracker . 
  i wo n't give a direct link but on cheggit the torrent id 's are 263893 and 263623 . 
  you 're welcome . 
  tenhotuisku 1 point 3 minutes ago, 
  crackofdawn 1 point 2 minutes ago, 
  haha beat you to it :p, 
  e. i know it was you who downvoted both this and my comment since they both got downvotes at the same time & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  this is bullshit . 
  i want to run my game vanilla with no mods for stability but the 128 block limit is for 90 's computers . 
  why not have this option when creating a world/in the server preferences ? 
  that 's actually really cool . 
  did you harvest the material manually ? 
  what city was this in ? 
  apparently they 're `` kannada '' characters and are n't included in snow leopard by default , i was wondering why suddenly my & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  looked like two boxes . 
  http://web.nickshanks.com/fonts/kannada/ more info, 
   the density underground is perfect right now , to double it would require 1/2 density of all materials, 
  why ? 
  the effort - reward ratio would stay exactly the same with a bigger world even if they did n't mess with the density . 
  actually it 'd be a bit more difficult even with the same density because it 'd take you longer to reach diamond etc. 
  depths, 
  you 're not the only one that has pressed the `` suggest title '' instead of `` submit '' . 
  i still occasionally do this, 
  so you 've only played on pc ? 
  do they have to be xbox360 exclusive or are games that have come out for both x360 and ps3 ok ? 
  you are making this much more difficult than it has to be . 
   you double the depth , so instead of 0 to 64 , you have ground from 0 to 128 . 
  the gold , redstone , diamonds , iron , and whatever else now must be spread out vertically on 128 layers instead of 64, 
  yes, 
   the problem is that , since diamond , iron , etc only appears in certain levels , for example 0-16 for diamond , if you double it , that becomes 0-32,
