  dexter is probably the most relatable character on tv right now . 
  i 'm lucky my gf does n't watch the show, 
  [ dexter the game ] ( http://www.sho.com/site/dexter/iphone_game.do ), 
  also , ** the game **, 
  this is just sick, 
  thanks . 
  e-mailed him a piece of my mind, 
  that second guy does sound a lot more fun though, 
  the first pic is kinda lame but the other examples demonstrate this pretty well . 
  you can earch google for photoshop tutorials although it 's pretty easy , just make a suitable gradient and blur, 
  are you absolutely sure you went to work at an [ [ 8 ] ] ( http://potimages.com/data/media/8/universal_420_highness_chart.png ) ? 
  that 's pretty impressive . 
  i mean cev 's , hallucinations , waves of euphoria etc but you managed to get your work done and kept your cover . 
  this is the first time i realized that aa + button that shows twitter posts inside reddit is n't actually there by default, 
  i think you accidentally, 
  repost of a repost . 
  also slut walks are fucking retarded . 
  do n't give them any more attention . 
  just commenting so i remember to check on this later . 
  sorry for the orangered bro, 
  no i do n't even though i 've seen people use it very well . 
  just does n't work for me . 
  i had to upvote for the vid though . 
  actually i thought that was the best part . 
  do n't play tdm or ffa . 
  problem pretty much solved . 
  well it is possible to play for objectives and not get captures or defends . 
  not saying that 's what happened and it is unlikely but has happened to me even when i try to play for objectives and think i 'm doing a good job at it . 
  this is why i 've only prestiged once with ~ 150h of time played . 
  i did n't think it was fun , just a nuisance, 
  x-post from reddit wtf was i thinking, 
  x-post from trees . 
  nice job but does it always glitch like that on ps3 and keep showing both `` defend '' icons even after a plant ? 
  would be totally op . 
  or seriously nerfed but then what 's the point of having commando . 
  i know , i know . 
  the thing is though if i 'm on a t-break i have no social life whatsoever . 
  and i have n't even bought any weed for some time now because i 'm trying to have a break but i keep running into situations where people do smoke and you know how it goes . 
  no man left behind etc. 
  i live in the northern hemisphere and i ca n't wait for the winter . 
  fucking summer sucks . 
  i do n't know about poland but i 've read the finnish one and they 're all frodo , gandalf , saruman etc, 
  then again none of the locations are renamed either , except for places like `` mountain of doom '' and so forth, 
  i watched this about 2 hours ago and the vid had a dozen comments . 
  now zero & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  tons of cars are stolen , so we created alarm systems and better locks, 
  houses were broken into , so people established private security companies and trained guard dogs, 
  people were raped in parks/side alleys so we stopped walking there alone in the middle of the night wearing almost nothi ... 
  i have a right to express myself as a woman you ca n't tell me what to do, 
   a woman has the right to express herself without fear of rape . 
  period . 
  this is the stupidest argument ever . 
  i should also have the right to walk home without being mugged or leave my bike without locking it but you know what , crime has always existed and always will . 
  you can either try protecting yourself from it or you can try to force it into an `` equality thing '' and attend protests . 
  how many rapists do you think suddenly stopped raping because they saw the slutwalk ? 
  my guess is zero . 
  except she 's hideous, 
  i know , right . 
  all these newfags take the fun out of calling someone a niggerfaggot . 
  yeah i mean of course this is what usually is happening if you have 0 captures 0 defends but i was just saying sometimes the game does n't realize you 're playing objectives ( if you happen to kill attackers over 20 feet from the defend point for example ), 
  well how about murder ? 
  murder has always and will always exist . 
  or is rape worse than murder now too ? 
  it 's not a slippery slope to burkas . 
  no one 's forcing anything on anybody . 
  i 'm not saying there should be a law that you ca n't show any cleveage , of course you should have the right to wear what you want . 
  that does n't mean you should though , and any adult person who can accept that there are consequenses for every action knows this . 
  for all i care you can just close your eyes from the reality and walk through the park after midnight because you feel you have the right to do so and because everything else in this world is perfectly just and rightful . 
  just do n't come crying to me when that low-cut top and microskirt that were purposfully chosen to attract mens ' attention in the club also attract mens ' attention outside the club . 
  `` victim-blaming '' is a stupid term . 
  let 's say i rode a bike without a helmet and a truck hit me and i cracked my skull . 
  was it my fault that the truck hit me ? 
  am i saying it 's ok for the truck to break my skull because i did n't wear a helmet ? 
  could i have protected my head by wearing a helmet ? 
  yes . 
  because the point of gaming is achieving those things . 
  if you 're going to buy them why bother with the game . 
  just watch the end credits from youtube . 
  you 're not increasing enjoyability for 10 $ , you 're paying to have less things to accomplish . 
  it makes absolutely no sense . 
  also you 're fucking things up for the rest of us . 
  you used to be able to unlock new costumes etc. 
  in games but now that the companies realized that people will pay money for them every single thing is dlc . 
  some new games are even designed so that just to keep up with the competition you must buy boosters periodically . 
  and lastly because it 's fucking annoying losing to some faggot kid with a 99/99/99 team in nhl . 
   i 'm certainly not going to get all bent out of shape about the way somebody else plays a game . 
  do you remember a time when you could actually unlock shit in video games instead of every single costume and weapon being a dlc for real money ? 
  it 's not just affecting the people who choose to pay . 
  when game companies can charge extra for everything and people keep shoving them their money why not milk it for all it 's worth ? 
  i actually know some people who just watch gameplay footage of games on youtube so they do n't have to bother with playing it because it could be haaaaard :(, 
  not wearing a helmet would be like being alone in a dangerous surrounding . 
  if an assailant jumped you but you were in a group of friends you could fight him off . 
  alone and you 'll be on the bottom of the bush , get it ? 
   girl could just like wearing miniskirts . 
  you are making the assumption that women want you to flirt with them . 
  some might . 
  a lot do n't . 
  yeah because it 's ridiculous to assume an average person in a night club is interested in anything meeting people of the opposite sex . 
  i mean she probably has those heels on because they are so good for ankles . 
  and the thongs really keep maxi pads in place .
