  ~ 3-5 years ago they started phasing out the regular ones . 
  nowadays you can only get the -50 % anywhere . 
  worst thing is the box does n't even have -50 % on it anymore , but if you check the contents or taste them it 's obvious . 
  so even now that i 'm an adult and have money and can choose what i buy i ca n't get the proper frosted flakes . 
  shit fucking sucks . 
  he wants your weird pooper [ ] ( / megusta ), 
  i have never seen one but why the fuck would you not install one yourself ? 
  or put in some sort of a mechanism that at least indicates the bathroom 's in use . 
  cross-post to [ r/vertical ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/vertical ), 
  you rarely get an instigator penalty for standing up for your teammate after a dirty hit or something . 
  instigators are exactly for those sideshow fights , or at least should be ( no ref can be perfect ) . 
  besides with the post-lockout rules teams rarely have huge tough guys in their roster whose only purpose is to fight like they did before with the larger rosters and without salary caps . 
  all players are there because they can play hockey , not just to police the opposite team . 
  post-lockout nhl is five times more entertaining than pre-lockout . 
  i do n't think there was a single bad rule chance . 
  international hockey used to be much more interesting than nhl with all their fights and hooks and slashing . 
  now i prefer nhl because of its fast pace and because skilled players can actually use their skills and not just get slashed and hooked to the ice . 
  and that 's why we love him, 
  i said to , not from, 
  yay finland is . . one of those square ones that all look the same, 
  literal translation is `` lights to the painting '' . 
  taulu often means face though . 
  `` to face '' to eat or drink something . 
  i honestly have no idea what that means but my i 'd guess it 's like `` c'mon think straight '' or `` do n't be an idiot '' . 
  yeah i know that does n't make sense, 
   this title is either a blatant lie or you just lifted the photo from somewhere else and are trying to grab karma . 
  it 's called a joke , melvin, 
  this is fucking bullshit . 
  that was n't a good comic and much less a rage comic . 
  sure i 'm glad the guy saved babies or whatever but it 's not a funny story . 
  it 's not clever , it 's not written/drawn creatively , there 's nothing special about it . 
  and to be honest that 's probably a pretty average day in a hospital . 
  `` i have cancer , here 's me not doing anything '' posts have already taken over r/pics . 
  do n't let this shit flood f7u12 . 
  it was n't the lifesaver of the week award . 
  it 's the best rage comic award . 
  that was n't a good rage comic . 
  i 'd bang a chick with a prosthetic leg no problem . 
  stop being one of the dicks that make her life more difficult than it has to be . 
  i have that exact same hat lol, 
  i 've been browsing 4chan since ~ 04-05 and i think reddit is better . 
  sure memes start at 4chan but if you wait 3-4 hours the same ones are on reddit except you wo n't have to browse through hundreds and thousands of shitty posts to find them . 
  here the good stuff gets preselected , and i really do n't care if someone else saw the pic a few hours earlier . 
  is n't she also married to herge ? 
  so * that 's * why he sounded so god damn familiar . 
  motherfucking ice cube . 
  when i was a kid there was a freeware game called `` tapan kaikki '' ( finnish for i 'll kill everyone ) . 
  it kinda looked like gta 1 & 2 but with multiplayer . 
  anyway it had a decent map editor and i bet i still have the maps of my grade school and middle school somewhere . 
  spent probably a year worth of it classes on those . 
  just play games 2 months after release and you can get them for $ 20-30 . 
  sometimes even less . 
  who cares , he 's got a point either way, 
  yeah i was just about to say that 's not august 2011, 
  yeah i was just about to say that 's not august 2011, 
  yeah i was just about to say that 's not august 2011, 
   they 're to much of symbol of the game, 
  i really ca n't understand all this creeper fanaticism or r/minecraft . 
  i 've played minecraft a lot and i fucking hate creepers . 
  if there was one thing i could remove from minecraft it 'd be creepers and i would never ever miss them . 
  they 're not a challenging or fun or an exciting enemy , you do n't get a sense of achievement for beating one . 
  they 're just fucking plain old annoying and in no way a symbol for this great game in my mind . 
  also no self posts, 
  i see now that the rule has apparently been nerfed . 
  pussy ass bitches . 
   has no affect on intelligence, 
  oh the irony, 
  i 've been playing since alpha . 
  i 've never respected them . 
  also it proved to the rest of the world that the u.s is still backwards as fuck . 
  a national crisis and new network regulations for a nipple ? 
  ffs here the screenshots would had made it to a few internet `` funny pictures - sites '' and that 's it . 
  nice job , but you would had gotten them all if it was n't for the completely unnecessary sprint towards enemy spawn , 
  this is how we 'd like to imagine them though so why not, 
  the typos only made it more original, 
  only 2 hdmis ? 
  my tv is a few years old but it has 4 , all of which are in use . 
  i did n't exactly tattoo it to my arm . 
  it was alpha , probably around august or september last year . 
  cool story bro . 
  i really did n't pay that close attention to it . 
  butt fuck hehehe, 
  the 2nd one was a nice touch too . 
  happens every time i think about it . 
  yeah how dare he post a pic from a comment on f7u12 to the proper subreddit, 
  the real reason is reddit wanted to find an excuse to take jailbait down , so they created an `` unstable mod situation '' no one actually noticed . 
  thank you for explaining the joke we all understood in as douchy a way as possible, 
  idk what you mean by serious but i think it 's only human to rage quit from time to time . 
  i 'm not talking about a hissy fit like in the top comment but when a just game pisses you off shutting down the xbox and saying `` fuck this shit . 
  let 's do something else '' is a pretty good option in my book . 
  it beats yelling at friends or complete strangers through the intertubes . 
  no i 'm pretty sure it 's your problem . 
  seeing as how they can surrender and quit and you 're the one making it into a problem on reddit, 
  yeah i basically grew up playing counter-strike so s & d is my thing, 
  count me in , i 'll try to get that working headset asap but i 'm a poor student so we 'll see what happens . 
  bc1 was dumbed down simplified console kiddie shit . 
  bc2 was clearly more bf2-inspired and an awesome fucking game . 
  i disagree with this pic 90 % of the time and it 's one of the main reasons i find internet gaming forums amusing :p, 
  i love it when a game or a series i like gets a sequel , in gaming sequels almost always improve everything ( except story maybe ) . 
  same ca n't be said about movie .
