  text explanation below :, 
  i 'm trying to set up my cameras to f1 , f2 , f3 etc. 
  the first four work fine , but when i come to f5 it does n't do what it 's supposed to . 
  i try to map it to fifth camera and have cmd + f5 as create camera location 5 ( i use os x and have the option `` use cmd as control '' checked ) . 
  i does n't work . 
  whenever i go in-game and try to map something to f5 it maps the location to f1 instead and pressing f5 does nothing . 
  after i leave the game the hotkey has disappeared . 
  simply leaving options wo n't make it disapper , i have to start a game . 
  i noticed the default key for create camera location 1 is cmd + f5 so that probably has something to do with it . 
  however i 've remapped create camera location 1 and i do n't have cmd + f5 even as a secondary key . 
  f5 shows up nowhere else in the hotkeys so it should n't do that . 
  i 've tried defaulting the camera buttons and re-entering them but it does n't work . 
  i 'd hate to default all keys since none of my keys are default and it 's be a shit ton of work without a guaranteed fix . 
  has anyone else heard of a similiar problem and what might fix it ? 
  or know for a fact that defaulting them would help ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  i got the complete package in the mail today . 
  installed the dlc to a hard drive , started up the game . 
  `` some of the dlc is corrupted '' well okay that happens so i deleted and reinstalled the dlc . 
  `` some of the dlc is corrupted '' . 
  ok maybe there 's an issue with my hdd though it 's pretty new and has worked perfectly so i removed the hdd , reinstalled the xbox title update and installed the dlc to a usb drive . 
  now the dlc does n't get corrupted but whenever i try to start a campaign it loads 0-10 seconds and freezes up the whole xbox . 
  i 've never had issues like this with any other game and googling it i found tons of pc problems but not many similiar issues with the 360 . 
  what could it be and how can i fix it ? 
  e. i tried deleting all the dlc and starting a campaign without it . 
  still freezes . 
  i got the sr3 complete package in the mail today . 
  installed the dlc to a hard drive and started up the game . 
  `` some of the dlc is corrupted '' well okay that happens so i deleted and reinstalled the dlc . 
  `` some of the dlc is corrupted '' . 
  ok maybe there 's an issue with my hdd though it 's pretty new and has worked perfectly so i removed the hdd , reinstalled the xbox title update and installed the dlc to a usb drive . 
  now the dlc does n't get corrupted but whenever i try to start a campaign it loads for 0-10 seconds and freezes up the whole xbox . 
  i deleted all the dlc and tried to start a campaign without it , still the same freezing . 
  i 've never had issues like this with any other game and googling it i found tons of pc problems but not many similiar issues with the 360 . 
  what could it be and how can i fix it ? 
  so after searching for an unused official xbox360 ( non-slim ) hdd for quite some time i gave up and bought a eiiox non-official hard drive thinking the quality could n't be that bad , it 's not like microsoft does n't buy it 's hdds from 3rd party suppliers etc. 
  well it worked for about two weeks and broke down . 
  i 've already contacted the seller to return it but now my problem is that i just managed to move all my save files to it less than a day before it broke down . 
  it 's not completely broken down like you sometimes see with the console refusing to powed on , but when i turn on the xbox with the hdd in place it takes a lot longer than usual ( around 30sec ) to bring up the main menu and even then the images do n't show for some reason . 
  i can go to settings but when i press storage it just loads for what appears to be forever ( it never crashes though , just keeps loading ) . 
  i 'd really like to get my saves back to my usb drives before shipping it back . 
  does anyone have any similiar experience or some possibly useful tips to try ? 
  as a side note , why the fuck is there no option to copy all the files to the hdd like i would 've wanted in case of exactly this happening . 
  you can copy files one at a time but you can only `` transfer '' the entire drive . 
  now that 's bullshit . 
  i 've seen a lot of hate on this subreddit about nbc and how they 're worse than the `` local '' broadcasts . 
  this is my first year with nhl gcl . 
  i 've been watching streams for as long as i remember but mostly during playoffs and whatever i could find . 
  this season i 've finally been able to watch at least one game a day and with all the different channels . 
  one thing i 've been annoyed by more than anything is biased commentary . 
  even when i 'm all out rooting for the team it 's extremely irritating when announcers are so clearly on one team 's side and really kills the mood for me . 
  i was watching the boston game tonight and i was actually stunned when the announcers on boston 's stream actually agreed with a penalty on boston . 
  then i realised i was watching nbc . 
  i 'm enjoying this game way more than any game in recent history simply because of the commentating ( not that it 's a bad game otherwise ) . 
  why do the local channels do this ? 
  are they afraid the fan base might be upset if anything negative was said about their team on television ? 
  i for one will be sure to check both feeds in the future in case one of them is not a local broadcast . 
  i 'm on my first playthrough around level 40 . 
  i 'm trying to avoid reading everything from the wiki because for me it spoils what 's so unique about this game . 
  i sometimes check the items i pick up but i found nothing about this sword except the picture is that of a [ crystal straight sword ] ( http://darksouls.wikia.com/wiki/crystal_straight_sword ) . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1bsd4rq.jpg ) a picture of the sword i took . 
  it 's called ? weaponname ? 
  and has really good stats for it 's requirements . 
  it feels so op it must be a glitch . 
  or is it ? 
  is there some sort of `` make your own weapon '' mechanic in the game i 'm not aware of that this could be a result of ? 
  i got it by being summoned to a pve where there was also a 3rd pvp player and the `` friendly '' player gave this to me right before i was killed . 
  it was all very confusing . 
  can i use this while playing online or will i get banned ? 
  does it matter if i play single player or pve co-op or pvp ? 
  is it enough for a ban to have it on my inventory ? 
  i really do n't want to get banned . 
  i live in an apartment that has rj45 plugs in the wall and a big shared dedicated router or something alike outside my apertment . 
  the connections are separate however ( neighbours download wo n't affect my speeds ) but i can not touch those router settings . 
  that 's not the problem though as when i connect my xbox360 directly to the internet it 'll say nat : open . 
  if i connect my computer to the wall and share the internet to the xbox it 'll say nat : moderate . 
  how do i fix this ? 
  i can only plug one device at a time and i 'd rather plug in the computer since it allows me to use both at the same time . 
  i know stream links are n't allowed but i scrolled all the way down to month old posts and noticed there was n't any discussion of select 's return outside of the nukerush link . 
  a lot of people do n't maybe know or realize how good his stream is for learning . 
  right now he 's already by far the best terran out of people who speak good english ( # 3 in all of na ) . 
  maybe polt can rival him but polt 's stream is very different with more playing and less talk . 
  select talks constantly throughout games and also watches the replay after almost every game to make observations and point out tips that i 've noticed helping even myself in lower leagues . 
  it 's not just entertaining but really helpful as well . 
  i have the 920 and use baconit regularly . 
  it 's great except the gif support is awful . 
  i browse another forum with ie where gifs are used a lot . 
  way more than reddit , there can easily be 50-100 gifs per page all open at the same time and often a lot larger than the 2mb imgur limit . 
  the phone has no problems showing all of them at once and all running smoothly , so the problem ca n't be in hardware or the windows phone . 
  in baconit even a single gif submission can take almost a minute to load , and even after loading i wo n't run smoothly . 
  it 's just like on my old 6 year old phone . 
  why is this ? 
  so the gtao has a setting which makes the minimap almost 4x in size . 
  it 's obviously great , but it also covers those tiny health and armor bars . 
  i 've tried everything from the d-pad to the gun wheel etc and i see no way to check my health & armor with the big map . 
  am i overlooking something or is it really impossible ? 
  if so rockstar should definitely fix this , those tiny bars would fit just as well under the big map as they with the regular map . 
  i noticed when i 'm in an online game the aim mode is greyed out and can not be changed . 
  i personally only use free aim and would like to play against free aim only . 
  i tried to join a friend 's game and the game prompted `` this session uses a different aim mode , do you want to change ? '',
