   twitch is an american company , so us europeans need to play by their american rules . 
  we should n't receive special treatment just because we live on a different continent . 
  but nothing in the law says you ca n't stream ao games . 
  twitch just does n't want to associate itself and its sponsors with them which they have every right to do but do n't try to explain this with `` it 's the law '' . 
   the only game that is being effected is hatred , and it 's not even out yet , so really nothing is changing . 
  it 's out in like two weeks . 
  and who knows what other games might get ao 'd . 
  i doubt they 're going to reverse the decision even if a good game gets the ao rating . 
  if you have a side ho you do n't have to buy orange chicken for i think you come out ahead, 
   twitch is an american company , operating out of america , primary catering to an american audience . 
  of course they are going to make rules that are aimed at americans , and europeans need to still play by them . 
  according to the first result on google twitch gets 57 million monthly unique visitors out of which 13.4 million are americans . 
  that 's about 20 %, 
  it 's the year 2015 and it 's a company operating on the internet . 
  yes their hq is in the us but like you admitted it 's not an issue of laws so that hardly matters . 
  their viewers and sponsors and sources of income are global . 
  china and russia have their own livestreaming sites so it 's mainly oceania , south america and europe that make up the 80 %, 
   any game that receives an ao rating these days is n't the kind of game that twitch wants on their platform . 
  you ca n't say that without knowing the future . 
  if gta : sa came out this year i 'm sure they 'd want it . 
  there were no rampages in 4 and the ones in 5 are n't really the same thing despite the name because you 're shooting hostile enemies like gang members coming at you etc. 
  and not bystanding civilians like in the original rampages . 
  and you know it 's american beer because it even looks like water dripping from the machine, 
  it 's also a lot lighter . 
  honestly this sub is even worse than / r/dayz . 
  that sub at least encourages discussion and complaints . 
  this sub is a total fucking circlejerk where any negative comment about a bi product gets downvoted religiously . 
   when you buy an alpha product you basically agree to be a guinea pig , but most people do n't understand that . 
  they understand that . 
  what they do n't understand is how a game that was a mod for years before becoming an `` alpha '' is still in the same state of `` alpha '' two years after the standalone announcement . 
  it 's not that the game is not finished , it 's that the progress is nonexistent . 
  `` if you call it an alpha the dev has no responsibility to deliver on the product '' is a much more cancerous attitude than the `` why is my alpha not a final game '' you 're complaining about . 
   people straight up fucking lying to make villains out of the devs and ignorant people eat it up . 
  i 'm trying to talk about the game while you 're fighting strawmen to defend your idols . 
  this is the problem with / r/arma community . 
   on the surface it is , because what they are trying to fix and create is all the shit going on in the gears and cogs . 
  that community is ridiculous . 
  that 's the exact opposite of what the community is crying about . 
  the problem is the engine , the latency issues , the sync issues , the stability etc. 
  exactly the `` gears and cogs '' which have seen little to no improvement since the introduction of the mod . 
  giving new hats and weapon paints to distract people from the real issues is the only `` improvement '' we 've seen in the standalone . 
   insinuate i am some kind of ignorant fanboy . 
  bi does a lot of shit that pisses me off in the arma scene , but i am not on a witch hunt . 
  then why did you jump in to defend bi when i said the atmosphere of `` no complaints allowed '' on this sub is toxic . 
  you started defending the devs when i was merely commenting on the community . 
  you 're the worst type of eager fanboy . 
  `` dayz subreddit is terrible '', 
  `` at least they are open about their complaints '', 
  `` bi is working as hard as they can you ca n't criticize them you do n't know what you 're talking about '', 
   but now you 're saying that while yes there has been updates , it 's not updates that satisfy what - you - want . 
  i did n't say that . 
  you said they 've been focusing on things `` under the hood '' and not the stuff the community cares about . 
  i replied that that 's the stuff exactly what most of the community wants . 
   i really do n't think you understand how the straw man principle works . 
  i see you 've had plenty of practice with it yourself :\\ ^ ), 
   edit : i like how you deleted your other post . 
  good job brah , you spout bullshit and then do n't even have the guts to defend it afterwards . 
  i deleted one post because i added a line to it and reposted it . 
  i did n't expect you to respond in that 2 minute downtime . 
  the unedited version of the deleted post is the first sentence of this post you responded to . 
  there 's an older behindthegifs post about this too, 
  valve 's shit code never fails, 
  it 's a high powered rifle with a scope . 
  it 's a sniper rifle . 
  bo2 was shit compared to bo1 or mw2, 
  the goty with all the dlc etc. 
  is usually a lot cheaper than the base game at launch if you order it online . 
  i know my local brick and mortar stores ask full price for goty games but they 're lke 30 $ if you order them online . 
  maybe he 's thinking he 's getting the wall wet so the fire wo n't spread that way ? 
  on windows phone gfycat plays just fine if you make it fullscreen . 
  you have to open it in the browser though , at least my reddit app gets shitty framerate if the resolution is high . 
  movies and tv do n't call themselves an olympic sport . 
  i see ten times more posts about `` people call wrestling fake but it 's really difficult and the pain is real !!! '', 
  than i do about wrestling being fake . 
  yeah but `` wrestling '' is a real sport and wwe ( and similiar organizations ) decided to call their act `` wrestling '' . 
  that 's the problem . 
  if you organized a disney on ice style musical wearing protective gear and called it `` ice hockey '' people would be pissed as well . 
   calling it fake is just a massive slap in the face to all the men and women who had died and gotten injured in the ring . 
  those men and women risk their lives and body every single time they perform in the ring . 
  but it is fake . 
  it 's scripted and the outcome is predetermined yet they act like they 're competing . 
  just because it 's physically challenging or can result in injuries does n't make it any less fake . 
  just because a franchise has been beaten into the ground does n't mean we ca n't remember the good times and pretend the rest did n't happen . 
   nicely built car with a lot of time and by professional work . 
  i do n't think anyone 's commenting on the quality of the work . 
  i even the believe the $ 100k claim if all the details are handmade . 
  however that does n't make it not terrible . 
  if he did n't do the work himself but paid someone else to do everything i can easily believe he spent $ 100k . 
  it 's ugly as hell but it has a lot of small details and customization . 
  something this shitty takes time and money to achieve . 
  i do n't know who the fuck romeo rose is but googling his name is a goldmine . 
  he talks like robert de niro in character, 
  yeah it 's like knives always making the unsheathing noise regardless if they 're grabbed from a pocket or a table . 
  my favourite is when someone points a gun with one hand and it says `` click clack '' . 
  yeah but this issue comes up on reddit daily and it 's always the same discussion . 
  but they call themself by the same name . 
  gog probably decided that the free publicity they got from announcing that they wo n't sell the game when it was discussed in every gaming website is worth more than the sales of this mediocre title would be . 
  that 's like saying the serbian film is perfectly ok for all viewers because it 's just pixels on a tv screen . 
  or a book is just ink on paper . 
  i 'm not for banning this game but your argument ( which is used by a lot of people when discussing this game ) is idiotic .
