  for me the point of diy is that you did it yourself without it being your profession or hiring another professional . 
  not the level of tools or skills used . 
  with the new reddit you can just pretend it 's a really heated topic and the votes are even, 
  you 're welcome http://i.imgur.com/d4kxigc.gif, 
  they do n't have those anymore ? 
  brotherhood is the last ac i played and i loved that feature . 
  before discovering the animus virtual training my combat was mostly standing still and waiting for counters but an hour or two in the vr training mode i was just slicing through guys and enjoying the action twice as much !, 
  yeah i 've never had an issue posting hardcore porn on imgur but suddenly a ball point pen drawing of a boob is too much ? 
  you never hit the magic 125 ? 
  i only got about 850 total but i remember topping out at around 130 when i was playing a lot . 
  you mean a til should be common knowledge that gets reposted on r/til about once every 2 months ? 
  i ca n't see a drop . 
  i mean obviously op chose a good picture but it 's the normal `` great picture '' to `` average picture '' ratio you 'd expect . 
  she 's hot in all of them . 
  then again i am drunk . 
  yeah i 'm in college , in my 20s and pushing 30 . 
  i get the idea of the comic but not really the timeline . 
  2nd pic should be titled high school . 
  just replace `` college '' with `` high school '' and suddenly the comic makes a lot more sense and is also more accurate . 
   we only have like 1 starbucks in our city, 
  you think that 's bad . 
  in the entire country of finland ( imagine detroit to atlanta ) there are 2 ( two ) starbucks ` es and finland is the # 1 country in the world in coffee consumption per capita :(, 
  we certainly could use more starbucks . 
  have you tried eye drops ? 
  they 're like magic . 
  keep in mind there 's a huge variety different brands and products . 
  anything for `` red & itching eyes '' is usually good . 
  because it makes simple things feel so good there 's no initiative to improve your life at all . 
  what if i told you i could 've written that post you responded to word to word . 
  except i 'm still not able to use past tense . 
  nah i do n't want to , but i realize it 'd be for the best . 
  as a person who has a choice . 
  who cares about having a choice . 
  haha more like only reason to get out of bed is to smoke a bowl and go to bed when no amount you smoke gets you high anymore . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's supposed to be pointing out the obvious ( racism ) and that 's the entire reason he posted the comment and why it was upvoted but apparently it was too complicated for you to understand . 
  at first i thought you were saying people who read books in their past time do n't generally have a succesful sex life . 
  yeah but what kind of a household only has analog clocks ? 
  so you 're telling me your 3 year old understands the concept of new year 's eve and had to be fooled ? 
  you could n't just put him in bed like 364 other days of the year ? 
   because who does n't love gathering the whole family around the pc screen ? 
  about as much as i love gathering the whole family around the tv screen ? 
  besides who does n't have their computer connected to the living room tv in the 21st century ? 
  the guy above was commenting how the kids are bound to see a clock on the wall or somewhere in the house and not be fooled by fake midnight . 
  you responded about kids being able to read an analog clock . 
  i do n't see anything ridiculous about it . 
  i grew up in the 80s/90s and was never taught analog clocks . 
  of course i picked it up later on but i 'll always consired it a secondary and inferior way of telling time . 
  why would you bother deciphering the cryptic clock table mechanism ( even if it takes just 1 second ) when you can just read the time like any other text ? 
  because it was easier to manufacture pre 20th century that 's why . 
  there 's nothing analog clocks do better except they look good . 
  well i 'm not exactly surprised americans are a decade behind when it comes to technology . 
   as a kid i actually had more trouble with electronic clocks because they 're really just numbers, 
  but time is just numbers ? 
   it also took me time to memorise that 17 is 5 , 19-7 and so on, 
  i do n't have that issue as i use a 24h clock even `` inside my head '' but do n't most if not all digital clocks come with a 12h setting ? 
  my psn + just ended less than 5 days ago ( 29th ) ( completely unrelated , forgot to enter the code though i had purchased a card ) . 
  i wonder if this means it 's still active so i could save those plus games . 
  definitely . 
  finland is an expensive country anyway so i 'd probably save money if i just ordered the whole thing from germany or some tax-free islands . 
  but i 've dealt with this company before , they have good customer service and supporting your local business is never a bad idea . 
  you 're asking that like i know the answer :p they 're both good at what they do , i guess ? 
  oh shit , you 're right !, 
  well i 'm not planning on buying a `` new pc '' any time soon so it 's good to have capacity for improvements , right ? 
  i definitely should 've picked the k model though . 
  yeah i sent them an e-mail . 
  some of the parts were gon na take until next week anyway so it should n't be an issue . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
  yeah but if i log in it just says `` if you want to edit the order please contact [ email ] '' . 
  it 's the same email i already sent the message so i 'm not worried , advantage of a small store like jimms is things like these are usually pretty easy . 
  it 's almost like a collectible item reaching the front page of a site viewed by millions and millions of people could influence some seller to up the price in anticipation for demand even if reddit actually did n't impact the sales at all . 
   true story, 
   the clerk was genuinely confused, 
  this might come as a shock to you but video game stores do n't generally train their employees in small trivia relating to 12 year old products and their cables . 
  i mean i owned a ds and did n't know the two shared a charger . 
  the clerk might 've been learning to read and write when the gba sp came out . 
  giroux is also projected to play tomorrow . 
  but . . he 's slovakian ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with ** you ** ? 
  yes as he should be, 
  i thought it was showing what your ass looks like bare on the left and what it looks like in jeans on the right . 
  thus the pocket in one cheeck . 
  why the hell not ? 
  it 's not like paying attention to which tires you buy/use means you 're a selfish asshole who can never offer a favor to their neighbor . 
  yeah the article sayds this is disulfiram also known as antabus . 
  very commonly used drug for severe alcoholism treatment at least here in finland . 
  it 's not the same idea . 
  it 's the same drug . 
  op just made it sound much more russian . 
  not similiar . 
  same . 
  the article mentions the effective ingredient of the pill is disulfiram , sold in the western world under the name antabuse or antabus . 
  it 's just your regular til with an exaggerated title because nobody actually clicks the links . 
  i do n't consider knowing what kind of tires are on your car to be `` caring '' especially `` deeply about his car '' . 
  i do n't know where you live but if op lives anywhere even remotely north tires are serious business . 
  you do n't just buy `` tires '' . 
  well i 'm not a doctor but it 's widely considered as kind of a `` when nothing else works '' method . 
  it 's a pretty commonly known drug and kids joke around like `` 3rd day straight ? 
  maybe we should get you some antabus '' etc. 
  but i 've only heard of serious alcoholics ( like homeless serious ) actually using it . 
  in the outside shots you can see the train is really , really long .
