  yeah i understand , i 'm a lot like you in that regard . 
  every time i prestige i try to use different weapons . 
  of course some are just bad or do n't fit my playstyle but i try to switch it up . 
  mk14 is something like lvl60 so i have plenty of time for other guns . 
  i hate how you ca n't unlock pro perks with the tokens . 
  the only thing i 'd spend a token on is sitrep pro , and if i could just get that i 'd prestige over and over again . 
  because i ca n't i do n't think i 'll be prestiging again . 
  playing without sr pro just is n't as much fun and it 's a pain in the ass to get . 
   dome ? 
  excellent, 
  oh god . 
  while some people outside america might have heard of kony it was n't a `` social media fad '' or any other sort of fad like it was in america ( or in reddit ) . 
  holy fucking shit it 's been like 8 years or something but i could literally hear the `` my balloon '' in my head instantly when i read your comment . 
  that being said this was an awesome game . 
  my ex absolutely loved that game ( or the series ) . 
  and i loved the fact that she loved a game . 
  so i forced myself to play the co-op . 
  it was so bad . 
  i liked the first one more than the second one . 
  both were good though , 3 was utter garbage . 
  i 've seen that video maybe 20 times but still i ca n't help but wonder who the fuck thought building the rink like that was a good idea . 
  it 's not as bad as blue jackets but [ anaheim ] ( http://www.sportsclubstats.com/nhl/western/pacific/anaheim_chancewillmakeplayoffs.html ) does n't look too cheery either . 
  to me that spike near the end was the worst because it gave us false hope . 
  well if dome is your idea of a good map there 's certainly no point in continuing this conversation because clearly we have very different taste . 
  i do n't even remember anything about the 3rd one except those emo dancing and singing parts . 
  i think my brain is intentionally trying to block everything but that scene was just too strong to resist . 
  no one 's saying peter schiff can see the future . 
  the point is how the other `` experts '' did n't even rebuttal his arguments , they just laughed at him and then exactly what he said happened exactly why he said it would . 
  i never expected to see this comment on reddit, 
  that 's entirely possible , i have n't interviewed the entire planet before making this comment . 
  i just never heard of it outside reddit , maybe some joke pictures from friends who also follow `` internet '' but definitely nothing on facebook or anything . 
  since when are easter bunnies supposed to be cute ? 
  it 's funny becaues you meant your comment as sarcastic but in reality no one over the age of 12 would enjoy playing with wii . 
  idk i 'd rather get caught mastrubating to naked titties than dev kits, 
  as if that 's the only possible way to collide with something so close to the ice . 
  it 's a great place if you can squeeze in . 
  small as fuck and always packed full . 
  i enjoy the terde though . 
  no but i do n't expect the same level of understanding from whoever walks in that door, 
   just use notepad, 
  oh god, 
   and pen !, 
  i miss the 24/7 playlist because less people wanting to play nuketown would contaminate other playlists . 
  not saying anyone is a worse player for liking nuketown or anything , just that i had a different preference in maps and it was nice not getting nuketown voted every time and 3 times again . 
  also : what games are these from ? 
  hl1 based vs hl2 based ? 
  it 's just that i 've been staring at both for a total time of probably days so i ca n't really remember the context anymore . 
  women seeming more attractive before they open their mouth ? 
  well i never . 
  at least what the school taught me about marijuana is about as close to truth as 2 +2 = 5, 
  i think it 's a quote from so many different things it 's hard to name a source . 
  basically every other musical . 
  because he figured out a way to get a decent paycheck without actually doing any real work ? 
  i have n't seen audiobooks on tape in ages either . 
  it 's all cd 's now . 
  subscribed on my porn account, 
  i 'd actually like to know what accent that was . 
  because it sure as hell was n't finnish . 
  could be swiss , i do n't really know about their accent . 
  aim_map and cs_deathmatch etc. 
  used to be a ton of fun . 
  i 'm so glad to see this new game mode . 
  would there be any interest for a european 2v2 tournament ? 
  dlc collection 1 was all large maps ( except piazza ) which i loved , so i 'm perfectly fine with this being smaller maps . 
  if you want to play the elite maps before dlc you have to play tdm ? 
  woah ai n't that some bullshit . 
  i have exactly zero ( 0 ) seconds of tdm played in mw3 . 
  brain fart . 
  dlc 1 maps were bigger than default mw3 maps which were a bit too small on average for my taste . 
  of course there is some porn on my regular account but i also have a second account that is entirely porn so i can just press view images and not have anything break the mood in the middle . 
  also because there 's a limit to how many subreddits show up in your home page and this way i can have more smaller more specific porn subreddits . 
  yeah i have the best pornreddits on my normal account too . 
  i 'd just hate not having something crucial like / r/aww or / r/hockey visible on the front page because of the 50 subreddit limit and / r/lesbianswithsmallbreasts, 
  cdon had a similiar deal except they gave every user a 5 $ voucher and the game was 4.95 $ + free shipping . 
  i still did n't want it . 
  yup . 
  if i live near lv this would definitely be an event i 'd be interested in . 
  after seeing those prices there 's absolutely no chance i 'd buy a ticket . 
  it 's deadmau5 though so they 'll probably sell out anyway , thus making my protest meaningless . 
  but it 's the thought that counts !, 
  cracked.com is amazing . 
  it 's the sole reason i 've endured some of the more boring classes and summer jobs i 've had . 
  that being said this article is crap . 
  my parents ' living room amplifier has a standard wireless remote but the volume and other knobs actually move when you use the remote . 
  it 's a yamaha from the early 90s but that shit is still one of the most amazing things i 've seen . 
  it 's so cool you ca n't really even explain it . 
  idk i 'm not claiming the 50 % thins is a fact but when i was studying in america ( high school ) during lunch break over half of the school took out their little medicine thingies and popped something . 
  it was the weirdest thing i 've ever seen . 
  i agree he does n't look particulaty toolish in any way but that still does n't justify the use of `` xd '', 
  fuck you , spoilers, 
  no it is n't and if you think so you 're what 's wrong with the world . 
  the guy was high too , how was she any less responsible for her actions than he was ? 
  also , it 's weed we 're talking about . 
  raped until proven otherwise . 
  thank you year 2012 . 
  normally i 'd blame the girl . 
  i do n't think a guy is responsible for checking if the other person has a so , it 's the cheaters responsibility not to cheat . 
  but if they were friends ? 
  that 's some fucked up shit . 
  just to be clear girl/guy only applies in this case , it 's not a gender thing , it 's a cheater/cheated with thing .
