  yeah but we 're talking about a thing that 's supposed to deal 0 damage dealing 3000 damage in an aoe . 
  no it is n't . 
  applying the effect of items such as basher is what the buff was made to do . 
  having the dagger cleave on pa 's position due to the pseudo autoattack that was impliminted to be able to have item effects such as basher work with ranged spells and then reducted to 0 damage is not what the buff was made to do . 
  nor are the reflected auto-cast spells that occur due to the pseudo autoattack workaround . 
  you must be a total moron if you think it 's here to say . 
  the `` bloody patch notes '' say, 
   stifling dagger now applies your attack 's on-hit effects, 
  there 's not a single word about the implementation of this via a pseudo melee attack which is then reduced to 0 damage . 
  it 's obviously a workaround mechanic that had a good intention but was n't thought through . 
  the dagger applying on-hit effects is here to stay . 
  the dagger cleaving your melee hit damage on your position is not . 
  i understand that but it 's still potential however many thousand damage . 
  the fact that there is a reduction in the damage to 0 ( or < 1 ) is a clear sign that it 's a workaround to allow applying effects originally designed to be melee-only in a fashion that is n't a melee autoattack and does n't deal any of the melee autoattack damage . 
  those attacks working with cleave is obviously an oversight and will be patched most likely within 24 hours . 
  oh me too i definitely applaud op for the post , but the comment section is what i struggle to take seriously . 
  bf is the 2nd most popular item on pa after treads in pubs and purchased in 50 % of pro games . 
  the pseudo auto-attack that 's supposed to deal 0 dmg cleaving full damage is a pretty fucking big deal . 
  i got bored after 30 seconds tbh, 
  just tried aghs skadi ench myself . 
  it was pretty damn powerful . 
  i have an i7-4790k and get a constant 120fps even with obs . 
  i use the cpu 's graphic card or whatever it 's called for encoding in obs which also helps since obs basically takes up zero resources . 
  hardly matters for dota but it 's a nice thing to have when streaming other games so the gpu can purely focus on running the game . 
  check if it 's listed in user_keys_slot0 . vcfg, 
  also there seems to be an issue in reborn with default binds sometimes functioning despite not listed if they are the same as an unused key . 
  i use v for teamspeak so i do n't have it bound to anything in dota but when i switched to reborn it would activate one of the item slots ( default key for which is v ) even though not mentioned anywhere in the configs . 
  bind the button to something else then write over that . 
  should fix the issue . 
  i think the girl in the foreground looks about the same age as them tbh, 
  also i get the ass joke but what 's special about the circled guy ? 
   nah she 's at least 20, 
  i really ca n't see it . 
  no matter how long i look at that picture she looks 13 to me . 
  just look at her face, 
   have you ever gone through an old photo album of your parents or something ? 
  not willingly . 
  i could n't care less about someone else 's old photos tbh . 
  my mom used to be an amateur photographer though and her nature pics are great regardless who took them and even more so because i know her . 
  the ones with family i just breeze through because they have no artistic merit and anyone can take a picture of a dozen people standing next to each other and it 'll look the exact same . 
  yes that is one of the examples of a superior modern rifle that does n't sacrifice the 7.62 . 
  but the current plans are just small purchases . 
  i get more of a `` daughter of a missionary '' vibe tbh, 
  thanks but it 's no use . 
  i 've read the wiki page about 10 times and still have absolutely no clue what oracle does or how to act when i see him in a game . 
  how on earth would he make money from ask.fm in the first place ? 
   twitch dark souls able to pause every couple of ticks which sort of made the whole thing a joke ( pretty sure they 'd still be at the asylum without it ), 
  pretty much the opposite . 
  it was nothing but a joke before . 
  i watched it on day 3 or 4 and they were still trying to get out of that corridor where you originally spawn when you start a new game, 
  the pause idea was pretty genius , it 's still controlled by chat but the whole thing does n't get old in 15 minutes because there 's actually a chance of progression, 
  explaining the science behind the cool looking shit is the point of the channel though, 
  one of the best ambient albums as a whole i 've listened to, 
  i 'm just reminded of old school conan whenever i see this, 
  if you let off the gas for like half a second he reaches and closes the door . 
  it 's been this way since at least vice city . 
  i feel like i 'm the only one who bothers to do it though . 
  yeah but the method i described works fine in the middle of normal driving, 
  well they were practically cutting the line so it serves them right . 
  just because you 're old does n't mean you ca n't learn a lesson, 
  not really but the original implementation got really boring really quickly in a game like dark souls that requires fast reflexes unlike pokemon where reflexes have no impact and it is possible to progress even with the mess that is twitch chat . 
  they did start it just like twitchplayspokemon but after a week of not making it out the starting area they made the obvious conclusion that they had gotten everything out of the joke that they were going to get and decided to switch things up to keep viewers interested . 
  had they not changed it it would 've just been the same thing over and over . 
   that 's a mall right ? 
  maybe they want to go to a different store anyway . 
  a different store that 's only reachable by running the wrong way up escalators ? 
   , no one is villifying the young kids just because they made it . 
  why was it just the old dudes that were wrong ? 
  no one said the kids were n't just as much in the wrong . 
  there just is n't an opportunity to teach them a lesson . 
  just because they got away with it doesnt mean everyone else should be helped to get away with it too, 
  people seem to forget that if they were afraid of getting hurt they could 've just stopped trying to go the wrong way up escalators and get a safe journey down . 
  i 'm not gon na press the emergency stop for something that is n't an emergency . 
  if they want to abuse it and use the escalators as regular strairs they oughta go back down and do it themselves . 
  this is far from an emergency or what the button is there for, 
  you 're comparing afking at ancients to optimizing your jungling which takes a lot of micro management and experience . 
  jungling is a shit ton more fun than farming a lane . 
  those are ai controlled creeps too just with a lot less variety and factors you can impact, 
  this person who makes her living out of looking good is taking steps to ensure she looks as good as possible in a recording of her, 
  what has the world turned into, 
  that 's cool and everything but it 's like the complete opposite of a `` real rainbow 6 moment '', 
  rainbow six is much slower paced than cs . 
  the new one looks like a cs clone if anything . 
  are you seriously acting like 4chan is n't superior to reddit ? 
  outside of / r/askscience and the cool pictures you find on subs like / r/colorizedhistory or the sfw network the quality of discussion on this site is absolute shite compared to 4chan . 
  4chan is n't just / b / you know . 
  e. omg my top upvoted post of all time is about 4chan, 
  thanks for the gold stranger !!, 
  why would you downvote my post have n't you read the reddiquette ?!? 
  thanks for upboating me back up again hivemind xd i was worried i 'd lose my karma points, 
  well it 's a pretty shitty joke seeing as how it does n't really describe counter-strike, 
  i 've played since early betas of the goldsrc counterstrike and have over a thousand hours in csgo, 
  the amount of space you 're supposed to cover in a 1min 45sec round would take closer to 45 minutes in rainbow six . 
  also counter-strike is all about momentum and moving quickly once you get an initial kill . 
  rainbow six is about moving slowly and not giving up your position the whole way through . 
  ? show = all, 
   top 5 teams for rsv2, 
  vegas is an entirely different franchise and should n't be confused to the core rainbow six series, 
  sweet food for breakfast is gross, 
  holy shit you eat a lot of pills,
