  anyway the current system is fine . 
  it 's fun that there is one rare high killstreak even if the reward is n't that high . 
  it 's the 25 gun kills you celebrate , not the five you get with it or the double xp . 
  demolition used to be my favourite game mode . 
  i ca n't understand how they could fuck up the spawns in mw3 demolition the way they did . 
  it used to be like in ctf ; one team spawns on one side and vice versa and the bomb sites are a little closer to the defenders . 
  now as an attacker i sometimes spawn right next to the bomb and on defender i might pop up on the other side of the map ** behind the attackers ** . 
  it 's like tdm . 
  i have n't tried legacy but is n't the only real difference the absence of `` contain '' which is absolutely against human opponents anyway ? 
   just stick it here to karma whore because they knew bcnd likes this kind of posts, 
  the people of this subreddit will be interested in this link so i will post it here ... because i 'm a karmawhore ? 
   `` with their ak-47s '', 
  i know that 's not the point of the video but if you 're going to make a video like this at least get the one weapon mentioned right . 
  or even close to right . 
  no nato soldiers or us contractors use ak-47s . 
  the guns on the video look like m4s/m16s which are standard issue . 
  which i think is also relevant . 
  if i right-click -  google translate `` det v\u00e5ras f\u00f6r '' it translates to `` dawn of the ... '' which is not that bad i guess . 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; is a custom font from some asian language . 
  it shows up just fine if you have a font including it installed . 
  some macs come with it , some do n't . 
  same with windows or linux . 
  it 's an easy font that simple to get in case you do n't have it . 
  i do n't know man . 
  if you drink the bong water that 's your own stupidity . 
  no matter how much of a `` newbie '' you are it 's pretty clear that water 's going to taste like shit and it 's not going to get you high . 
  i knew a guy in high school who used to eat his roaches and i do n't know if it was beause of how short he burned them or because of him never washing hands but his fingers were seriously tinted yellow all the time . 
  even if you 're that much of a newbie it 's against common sense to drink it . 
  if you 're too stupid to figure that out you deserve a little sip of bong water . 
  it 's not that far from what friends do to each other anyway . 
  tricking other people into harmless shit for laughs . 
  wow wow wow crack ? 
  back the shit up . 
  you only said cocaine in the comic . 
  two extremely different things . 
  why the fuck would you be downvoted 17 to 16 for quoting a relevant part of a relevant book . 
  the bible clearly states that . 
  i do n't care if it 's right or wrong since i 'm not christian but talking about churches i 'd say the bible is a pretty relevant book . 
  yeah that 's exactly what i was going to say based on what you provided . 
  `` good stuff '', 
  by afterwards you mean after the mass or what ? 
  yes you should . 
  worst things in life exist because people are too afraid to offend somebody . 
  hey everbody !, 
  look at the moralfag !, 
  let 's laught at him while we enjoy our infinite free games !, 
  yeah because paying 40 bucks for a piece of shit like that would definitely be worth it if you got some comment karma with it !, 
  i own both 360 and ps3 and i 'm glad to pay for live . 
  the ps network works like absolute garbage . 
  the updates download slowly as fuck ( 5 minute minimum , no matter the size . 
  if it 's big be prepared to download for hours ) on the same network that it takes 15 seconds to update games on 360 . 
  the entire psn is down or i just `` ca n't access it '' a lot too . 
  i never even got to try uncharted 2 online because it was never able to get a connection to the multiplayer servers . 
  i have confirmed these experiences with three different ps3 's in three different apartments , four different isps and two different countries . 
  i spent 32 $ for 14 months . 
  amazon has some good deals but the best ones are in small internet sites simply selling xbl time/points . 
  if i notice safe search not being completely off i disable it even before looking at the results . 
  no matter where i am , because it often blocks relevant shit out too . 
   i can think of about 20 people i would invite to a wedding , and that 's stretching it out to family i have n't seen in 10 + years, 
  that 's really sad to be honest . 
  the only point of upvotes is not the god damn karma counter on your profile . 
  no one should give a shit about karma . 
  upvotes are for giving quality content more publicity . 
  that 's why they exist . 
  it does n't matter if someone does n't get imaginary points . 
  he still takes up space on the front page . 
  also probably the most difficult to hold in . 
  there 's just something about the smoke . 
  i do n't care about your huge hits anymore just post pics of the piece . 
  i do n't think it 's the source of the poster that 's relevant these days as much as it 's the content . 
  in the united states ... the driver is on the left side . 
  yeah because i definitely want to discuss the politics of a foreign country . 
  i do n't think that 'd do much good what with all the being dead and stuff, 
  i did n't actually post anything . 
  i liked the video , however i understand your point that it is in a wrong subreddit but nevertheless i do n't think this is the correct use for `` karma whoring '' . 
  [ it 's the same all over the world ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2hhtfqmoeu ), 
  i love that little negro on the 4th `` panel '', 
  first time i encountered one was right at the level limit that it 's even possible . 
  it one shotted me even if i used freeze/fire resist potions and everything else i could think of . 
  worst thing was i saved after it had spawned near me and my last save was before a long quest so i had no option than to run and hide . 
  it followed me a while but thanks to my companion sacrificing himself i survived . 
  also the way he drops it . 
  you do n't accidentally open a closed hand like that . 
  oh yeah definitely i feel the same way i was n't really trying to make you feel better but just baffled once again by reddit . 
  do n't forget butthurt women with smaller breasts than the ones in the picture, 
  ## wow this is cool, 
   more factual debunking = less entertaining . 
  i have to disagree with you there . 
  the only reason i 've only watched p&t a couple times when it happened to be on tv ( instead of following the series ) is because they spend so much time ridiculing the subject instead of proving their point . 
  to me the show would be much more entertaining with more facts and less yelling . 
  pizza does sound good, 
   reddit is really just a machine for categorizing 4chan, 
  and that 's the reason i love reddit . 
  and for introducing a wheat from the chaff kinda voting thing for 4chan content . 
  i still do n't understand what i 'm looking at or the angle . 
  i expected there to be more from 4 years . 
   tim thomas put himself above team, 
  bruins goalie picked inappropriate time , venue to make personal statement, 
  what the fuck is this ? 
  i knew about this but i had never seen headlines like this .
