  i realize that , as i know other people who read this sub and i 've seen all of them pull of better video material than what i just saw . 
  so if you edited this video why did n't you cut out the 20 seconds of standing in spawn ? 
   and stop saying the demo is lagging because it is not . 
  what ? 
  it 's an established fact that csgo demos lag . 
  it 's not an opinion or a possibility , it 's a fact/a bug that occurs every single time . 
  it 's 2013 , who the fuck cares about file sizes ? 
  how does it make you feel that places like romania that are official shitholes of the planet make yours look like a 3rd world country ? 
  apparently me too, 
  this comment made me cringe . 
  also i 'd totally bang miley cyrus . 
  i just do n't consider that to be the quality that decides `` person of the year '' . 
  \\  i have n't had my modded console in years . 
  \\  you 're a scumbag for pirating . 
  lol, 
  probably crates as well ? 
   was going to buy some for friends , but not at 3 bucks a pop ... 
  it 's enough to have one bravo coin in the lobby to play bravo maps . 
  i pay 14,99 a month for unlimited everything ( 4g ) . 
  i like it for two reasons :, 
  all the drops will be new instead of still getting the old ones i already have, 
  b. i like the aspect of `` i already played this game when ... '', 
  what if the default csgo crates just start dropping new items ? 
  how would having this option in the settings hurt anyone ? 
  i personally do n't care about the buy menu as long as i can navigate it with numbers , but i do n't see how adding an optional text menu would take anything away from those who do n't want it . 
  i remember seeing a professional match with anders commentating where the player was upside down just like this . 
  so it 's probably also a gotv bug . 
  i 'm assuming overwatch uses the same system gotv does . 
  i 've seen this too ( 180 degrees ) on a professional tournament a few weeks ago . 
  i remember anders laughing his ass off . 
  i doubt they cheated , it was universal soldiers vs. someone if i remember correctly . 
  disable voip from settings and you wo n't have lobby mic either . 
  and no russians in warmup . 
  rarely . 
  you can see how many people are online in the multiplayer main manu . 
  iirc it 's usually around 30-50k . 
  there 's only 64 teams in the byoc tournament and only a few of them playing at the same time . 
  not 12,000 people . 
  steam profiles are n't linked to seats but your ip is . 
  might have *, 
  but you can try picking up weapons after the freeze time as well . 
  i mainly use e if a dropped weapon did n't quite reach me , and try to get out of spawn as fast as possible . 
  having the buy menu pop up slows me down at least a second , and a second is a lot in cs . 
  also there is no upside to e being the buy menu so it seems like a clear case in my mind . 
  a part of me feels bad every time she does this, 
  so . . / r/forwardsfromgrandma ? 
  i know you ca n't get in the way to do `` real '' spotting with a move like this but it does n't look like they 're too conserned about him even after it 's clear he 's going to crush himself . 
  maybe they rushed to help him the moment the gif ended but the way they stand still the entire time is kinda weird . 
  yet the level of detail is about the same, 
  well this post got a lot higher on the front page than `` new ign app for ps4 released '' would 've . 
  well it 's the worst shotgun in the game anyway, 
  i 'd love to get one of those . 
  it looks so cool and i need a nova stattrack for terrorist side . 
  the nova is better than the m1014 in any situation . 
  it actually does damage unlike the tickling of the m1014 . 
   effective further than 6 feet away ( compared to mag-7 and sawed off which are n't , which is why they 're awful and people need to fucking learn this ), 
  learn your maps and buy a pistol . 
  the shotguns are n't awful . 
  pro players would n't use them if they were awful . 
  this is n't 1.6 . 
  though the saw-off is definitely worse than swag-7 or the nova . 
  with correct positioning it 's easy to get a kill or two every round at least on the defending side . 
  of course you ca n't play like you would with a rifle and entering a planted bomb site as ct can be tricky . 
  the 57 is great though and when `` shotgunning '' i tend to use my pistol more than the shotgun itself . 
  i do n't like the idea of `` determinative aimpunch '' on body shots . 
  but i ca n't understand how valve managed to fuck up such a simple fix . 
  everyone was saying `` aimpunch on dinks , not on body shots '' and valve `` fixed it '' with no aimpunch on dinks and kept aimpunch on unarmoured body shots . 
  it 's better than it used to be but how hard is it to get it right ( and the way it 's always been ) . 
  you should lower all the setting to low and very low even if you get 200 fps . 
  it 's much easier to see without all the glare and particle effects . 
  i actually like that . 
  i mean i do n't like when it happens to me , but i like how it 's a part of the game . 
  `` browse community servers '', 
  do you see pros use tec-9 ? 
  or the xm1014 ? 
  or mp9 ? 
  or the ump ? 
  no , because those are truly shit weapons . 
  nova and mag-7 are n't . 
  they 're not contenders to replace the ak or m4 but they have their own purposes . 
  something a truly awful weapon does n't . 
   when you get poop on your hand during the wiping process , and you smell it to see if it 's poop . 
  and it always is . 
  justgirlythings, 
  people cheat , get infinite amounts of money and then ruin other players ' experiences by donating billions to them . 
   and b  if you think it 'd ruin the experience you can just say `` no thanks . '', 
  no you ca n't . 
  if you donate money it just appears on your bank account and you ca n't `` dump '' it . 
  the map does n't put either usa or uk in the `` best '' category . 
  yeah but you could get each of them separately and all together it 'd be cheaper . 
  that 's bioshock 1 . 
  you can get bioshock 1 for free these days . 
  i really liked it but why does the `` you are 15 seconds behind '' announcement say `` if you ** ca n't not ** complete the order ... '' ? 
  not just americans . 
  it 's the same with pal games . 
  and then 1 out of 100 games suddenly o is yes . 
  not really, 
  you did n't really have to explain the joke, 
  she 's so hot . 
  probably the hottest girl i 've ever seen online or anywhere .
