  to be honest i 'd rather have a separate one . 
  if i break a downstem it 's 6 $ for a new one . 
  if one like that breaks it 's 60 $ for a new bong . 
  this long ? 
  it 's been like 2 months . 
  fuck you . 
  because the way houses are built these days . 
  one building catching in fire does n't mean the whole village is gon na burn . 
  and we have smoke detectors and better firefighting equipment etc. 
  shop online , not at gamestop . 
  only an idiot pays $ 60 for any game . 
  technically citizens of belgium and netherlands are both `` eu citizens '' . 
  it does n't really matter where in eu you have your citizenship from , you can live in any eu country without permits or time limits . 
  i read about this city before and apparently some businesses ( like bars and restaurants ) have purposfully their buildings on both sides of the border . 
  they 'd have the office in the country where you have to pay less taxes but the serving area would be in the country where bars can stay open longer . 
  it 's genius if you ask me . 
  it does n't . 
  at least not an official one . 
  places that are unilingually swedish do n't need to have a finnish name . 
  just like some places do n't have a swedish name . 
  what ? 
  you definitely should buy your bong assuming it 's going to break . 
  not by you , but by someone else . 
  every bong breaks eventually . 
  it 's better to just accept it . 
  wow those graduation dress thingies are really unflattering, 
  why would you have sex with someone without a condom if you 're not on the pill ? 
  do you people really think pulling out works ? 
  a 60 '' led tv is over a 1000 $, 
  that 's more than ten times what i 'd spend in a bong . 
  also i nor my friends wo n't be lifting my tv and passing it around in a circle while stoned off our asses . 
  \\  american, 
  \\  thinks he knows a thing about paying taxes, 
  i do n't think anyone said it was unbelievable how much he sucked , just that he did also suck during his career . 
  i do n't think anyone tried to claim he sucked throughout his career . 
  i 'm finnish . 
  i can instantly hear rask is finnish when he speaks english . 
  i think it 's just that the finnish accent is not as universally recognized as many other accents . 
  not to take anything away from rask , his english is great and the accent is very unnoticeable . 
  actually even though swedish is the second official language most schools start teaching english on 3rd grade and swedish on 7th . 
  most schools have additional languages too . 
  people usually study german or french in elementary school in addition to english . 
  spanish is not that uncommon either but usually studied in middle school . 
  i do n't think it 's fucked up to not want people touching your stuff . 
  did you even read that article past the headline ? 
  it states that ** if done perfectly ** pulling out only has a failure rate double of that of condoms . 
  if done perfectly . 
  yes it 's probably better than nothing but you definitely should n't rely on it . 
  there is never a situation where you can blame a man for `` cumming inside and not telling her '' . 
  it 's ok . 
  i 'll eat it but i 'd never pay for it . 
  it tastes just like any other seafood . 
  it 's still retarded . 
  inb4 arachnophobia is a legit phenomenon, 
  link to post ? 
  it 's legal in more states than gay marriage, 
  that 's probably why it was forgotten . 
  and how often do you forget your phone at a friend 's place unless it was out of your pocket say for example plugged in to a computer because you needed to recharge it ? 
  never heard of this movie, 
  clefairy is really lame though, 
  my parents only bought me one ( 12 card ) pack of pokemon cards . 
  i did n't spend any money on them myself . 
  i still have around 700 pokemon cards . 
  you did n't need money to collect pokemon , just some trading skills . 
  both, 
  you must be pretty damned retarded to have a failure rate of 17 % with a condom . 
  or maybe just an american who was taught abstinence only and thus does n't know how to use one . 
  was n't the city building area ridiculously small in the new simcity ? 
  that 's the main reason i did n't get it ( have n't gotten it yet ) . 
  we still hate ps3, 
  the thing is all those features and the development time gone into them costs money . 
  money that people who buy a console to only play games will have to pay . 
  that being said i do n't mind all the extra crap even though most of it will never work in my country and even if it did i would n't use it . 
  i do n't watch tv , i have a laptop on my couch if i wan na browse the web , i hate voice commands , i 'll never pay for on-demand movies etc. 
  but i did n't expect any sort of gaming innovation from microsoft . 
  i expected 360 with better hardware . 
  i got 360 with better hardware and they did n't even fuck up the controller . 
  i 'm satisfied . 
  nothing ps4 does matters as long as they have a dualshock . 
  i 'm not a fanboy , i 've owned nintendo consoles , sony consoles and xboxes . 
  i wish ps4 was a valid candidate . 
  but with that 90s controller ( now with a facebook button ! ), 
  it simply is n't , no matter how good everything else is . 
  the controller is what makes or breaks a console . 
  whose in finland ? 
  but she did n't see !, 
  that 's why it 's such a great gif . 
  because womyn do n't understand shit when it comes to video games and just go where the viewers are . 
  yea of course she found out later on but the way he dodged it originally is still hilarious . 
  i did n't know who alton brown was in 2007 and i have no clue who he is in 2013 . 
  well to be honest i unsubscribed from / r/iama as well . 
  finland 's gdp is that fucking high ? 
  i 'm allowed to be surprised , i 'm finnish . 
  that 's even dumber, 
  it 's not my real name http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfvff2nbybq, 
  i do n't really understand why people ever switched away from metrotube . 
  the official youtube app was never better than metrotube , it was just almost as good for a short while . 
  if this is the american version why is there a category called `` on the telly '' ? 
  why did you have to make that look so complicated ? 
  i 'd think 60 + 30 + 6 + 6 .
