  of course you miss out on some fine details but there 's really no need to copy anyone 's notes . 
  attendance policies ? 
  we 're talking about college right ? 
  you have required attendance at a university ? 
  but ps2 did n't have goldeneye so what 's the point ? 
  does she have a last name ? 
  so does anybody have a name ? 
  all i can find is random pic dumps . 
  i had both of those but i prefer my 4th gen. 
  it 's pretty much perfect . 
  i 'll never `` upgrade '' to a touch screen , just like i wo n't with my phone . 
  i need full qwerty . 
  before anyone says iphones have full qwerty i 'll let you know i can write at full speed ( which is probably a lot faster than any touch phone ) ** without looking at the keyboard ** . 
  just like i do on the computer . 
  i do n't even look at the screen while typing on my phone though . 
  the `` slide-out '' keyboards are nice theoretically but the phones tend to be bulky . 
  i do n't know a lot of people who can type with their phones without looking at it and not make a ton of mistakes . 
  i used to practice this back in grade school with my nokia 3310 under the desk , and that thing did n't even have qwerty !, 
  but yeah , it 's all about being able to feel . 
  which is something touch screens simply ca n't do . 
  what ? 
  they brought in the shitty fut system ? 
  why in the world would they do that ? 
  hut was always way better than fut exactly because players did retire and training them was permanent . 
  forcing you to keep changing players and find rookies instead of just superstars . 
  fuck that shit , not going to play hut this year . 
  and the shitty thing with this new fut system is that he 'll have those players until nhl 14 comes out . 
  who 's idea was this ? 
  it fucking sucks . 
  are you keeping/implementing the `` kill streak points for captures etc. '', 
  system from mw3 ? 
  because it was really a great addition to the series . 
  oh that 's interesting . 
  though a cap being worth 3 kills and a uav requiring 9 kills seems a bit uneven but the idea in itself sounds worthwhile and i 'm sure they 'll test it plenty and balance it out . 
  not all my friends have the same model or make of a phone i do . 
  all my friends have some sort of micro-usb cord somewhere . 
  your battery can run out in places other than your own home . 
  you do n't always carry around the charger you got with the purchase . 
  that 's the benefit of a truly universal plug . 
  there 's a cs map called sugarcane ? 
  - someone who spent his entire childhood playing 1.6 and owns go as well . 
  my eyes often get even more intensly red from a single bong hit . 
  it sucks . 
  i have to carry eye drops everywhere i go . 
  worst part is people who 's eyes do n't get red teasing how `` unnecessary '' those drops are . 
  just a minute ago you were making jokes about how insanely red my eyes were . 
  screw you . 
  i know they 're only making it worse but well , i had this problem way before i ever tried them . 
  and they work miracles . 
  so it 's a dependency i 'm willing to live with . 
  well if i 'm home alone i do but i do n't like looking like a soul eating rabies zombie while out in public . 
  especially if i 'm trying to talk to somebody . 
  what makes you think i 'm not grown up , 
  i have n't used the eye drops for a couple weeks now though . 
  i only use them if i 'm high out in public . 
  never noticed it ? 
  the first time i saw jgl years ago before he was commonly known i though heath ledger looks kinda funny in this movie . 
  heading ? 
  that carb does more bad than it does good . 
  i 've never heard of water tasting like shit . 
  i understand that someone experienced that ( especially on their first time ) but i do n't get the friend advising against it part . 
  like it 's common knowledge that water tastes bad after toking . 
  which i 've never heard before , water tastes awesome . 
  upholding values ? 
  someone seriously still believes that crap ? 
  yeah it 's great for pr videos etc. 
  but we all know `` values '' do n't command the military . 
  whoever happens to be commander in chief does . 
  and the companies that made him one command the commander . 
  the military does n't protect traditional values `` america was founded on '' . 
  it protects profits and thus it 's own funding . 
  in the gif it does but in the youtube clip his hand does nothing of the sort, 
   there 's nothing unpleasant about surprise buttseks . 
  ftfy, 
  btw that page only shows 16 pictures but you can keep browsing them until 32.jpg or so, 
  what happened to the `` no more gun slot or grenade slots but instead you get to choose whatever you want '' ? 
  also known as marry queen, 
  that 's why i 've disabled the treshold . 
  shit is gold . 
  i like to upvote the most desparate attempts . 
  r/treecomics is not a place for you to dump your shitty comics that did n't succeed over at fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuu, 
  e. also your other comic says you 're 11 years old . 
  why do even know about treecomics dude ? 
  or even better enable the `` hide links i 've upvoted/downvoted '' option . 
  it makes reddit much more enjoyable to read and you remember to upvote just to hide shit you 've seen so everybody wins . 
  what kind of channel puts that `` next on ___ '' shit on top of a movie ? 
  i 'm not russian and i idolize kovy , datsyuk and ovi, 
  probably either `` ironman xxx parody '' or `` avengers xxx parody '' . 
  they both exist . 
  e. it 's not avengers . 
  could n't find screencaps for ironman . 
  it 's possible they used that suit in other shoots as well though because this does n't look like a `` parody movie '' . 
  my tv has n't been connected to anything other than my computer and xbox for years . 
  you can get all the shows online anyway and without the ads . 
  only thing tv is good for is sports but all the sports have moved to pay channels where i live anyway . 
  the olympics were nice because as long as you lived in europe you could watch any european broadcast or even the raw footage of all the events streamed . 
  there should be . 
  every time i 've played it kicks the ball automatically after 20 seconds or so . 
  i never thought of that . 
  that 's actually really cool .
