  do n't worry arkham city has more of them . 
  even the very last one . 
  i do n't remember there being that many tombs or ruins in the game even though i just finished it ? 
  really the additional lost expedition missions were almost the only ones . 
  where in far cry ? 
  serious question , i ca n't remember there being any tombs or ruins . 
  well that explains it . 
  finnish r\u00f6stiperuna ( r\u00f6sti potato ) looks nothing like this . 
  i do n't understand how that works . 
  you do n't get more larva just by building units so why would canceling drones affect how much larva you would have compared to just not building those drones ? 
  e. i do understand how the 200 supply thing works but i do n't see how this is the same, 
  that explains it . 
  i was extremely high during that part of the game , i had to rewatch some of the cut scenes from youtube when i finished the game just a week ago . 
   more than a few terabytes, 
  my regular sized hard drive is a few terabytes . 
  but look at the rpm on that old hdd . 
  that 's scary as hell . 
  yes she should be embarassed for not knowing the rules of a sport . 
  any sport . 
  actually this was one of the few / r/cringe submissions in ages that did make me genuinely cringe . 
  different strokes . 
  you say that because she has tits . 
  i registered to be able to unsubscribe, 
  i love reno 911 . 
  just reading that description made me laugh . 
  i read that . 
  i just do n't understand how that increases the amount of larva available vs. not building the drones in the first place . 
  that 's genius !, 
  they do . 
  in the campaign . 
  honestly i think it 's bullshit banelings do n't do ff . 
  has there been any sort of explanation why it 's like that ? 
  i understand why they do n't do ff to other banelings since you could n't just detonate one or two in a group but i think they should do ff to units other than banelings . 
  1mb is tiny even on a phone . 
  i understand your reasoning but something like 3mb would 've been a better `` middle road that makes everyone happy '' . 
  oh i did n't know there was a limit of 3 larva ( i do n't play zerg and never have ) . 
  how come you see something like 45 larva in tournament games sometimes ? 
  e. oh yeah queens never mind, 
  yeah i was n't aware of the limit of 3 larvae but thanks for seeing all the trouble for nothing, 
  yeah but movies do n't have gameplay . 
  the story is of much bigger importance than in a video game . 
  vanquish is a great example . 
  the plot is utter garbage , but i still consider it the best ( single player ) shooter game for the 360 . 
  i just finished the game on my 31st try . 
  was n't that hard to be honest . 
  i even had shitty weaponry for the boss fight . 
  it 's all about pausing constantly . 
  it 's because he 's trying too hard to be different and hipster . 
  i can understand calling gta4 overrated though i do n't agree . 
  i can understand calling it mediocre and boring , though i do n't agree . 
  i do n't understand calling it `` absolutely atrocious '' and honestly believe he does n't think that either , he 's just the type of guy who stops listening to a band when he meets someone else that listens to it . 
  you are a cancer . 
  `` i did n't like it '' is far from `` absolutely atrocious '' . 
  like i said i have zero issue with someone not liking gta4 . 
  yeah i 'm not gon na go through that trouble for a fucking screenshot . 
  if it was funny on 4chan even with the / thread post , it 's funny enough to be posted here . 
  cropping out posts that are below the image is one thing but that actually takes some effort ( like opening an image editor ) . 
  who are you to declare what my opinion of his opinion of atrocious is ? 
  you see how that kind of dumbass statements get us nowhere ? 
  i do n't care if it 's not `` authentic '' . 
  it 's better . 
  in the 15 years technology and our knowledge has advanced . 
  deal with it . 
  except the private ones are n't expensive either . 
  i went to a hospital in the states ( where op is from ) once . 
  it cost like $ 700 for a couple of x-rays and some ibuprofein . 
  staying the night can be over a thousand dollars . 
  i 've used public healthcare in finland only once and it sucked ass . 
  every other time i 've gone to a private doctor and it costs like 30-70 $ . 
  that 's cheap . 
  to op : people do n't really do the whole `` family doctor '' thing in finland . 
  i 'd recommend going to your school nurse or straight to the health care center . 
  if you have insurance in the states i 'd recommend checking with them if it applies overseas and go to a private one if you want better service . 
  i was n't insulting you to be cool . 
  i was insulting you for being a part of what 's killing gaming . 
  it 's pretty clearly visible if you just look at her feet, 
  still have n't seen it : /, 
  why the fuck is there a `` cultural sensitivity and ethics '' class in college ? 
  sounds extremely ... middle school . 
  or someone from the united states `` american '' . 
  there 's no such thing as a black white hybrid . 
  they 're called black people . 
  i 'm not trying to be racist , i 'm just stating a fact that i personally find funny . 
  most `` black '' celebrities you see are at least 1/4 white if not 1/2 . 
  you misspelled upvote, 
  when has reddit claimed to be not racist at all ? 
  all i see on reddit is whine about racism . 
  for that whine to exist there must also be racism so i as again , when has reddit claimed not to be racist ? 
  i did see jumanji like once a week !, 
  that after school group thing really did suck did n't it . 
   that subreddit is ingenious, 
  ftfy, 
  [ obama ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8d/president_barack_obama.jpg/480px-president_barack_obama.jpg ) looks black ? 
  oh wait i forgot we live in a world where [ colin powell ] ( http://www.uclaccc.ucla.edu/images/progress_and_peril_1.jpg/image_large ) is the `` first african american secretary of state '' . 
  totally blends in with his black entourage , does n't he ? 
  obama is half black at most . 
  apparently we do n't browse the same reddit, 
  no i 'm not and i 'm pretty sure english is n't a country . 
  this song sounded so awesome . 
  then 1:27 happened .
