  true , but a lot of them studied german in school . 
   the majority on here thinks its unfair that immigrants are doing their computer jobs, 
  i 've never ever heard that before on reddit . 
  you mean [ this picture ] ( https://farm4.staticflickr.com/3931/15226878190_fe5dccb278_o.jpg ) ? 
  and who would ever want to go to mcd instead of bk anyway ? 
  they 're probably free lancers, 
  who would ever want an xbox one over a ps4 ? 
  why not ? 
  leveling them up is still fun . 
  grifts is my favourite game mode and i 've never looked at leaderboards outside the one with only my friends on it . 
  yeah came to say this . 
  i 'm not saying it 's an excuse not to try to improve , but in my 20 + years of gaming i 'm yet to see a leaderboard in which the top scores were n't abused . 
  people on here complain `` blizzard this '' and `` blizzard that '' but really it 's an achievement the leaderboards work even this fine this soon after introduction . 
  leaderboards are great for a bit of fun among your friends , that 's what i use them for . 
  the global `` top 1000 '' or whatever is always shit . 
  anno domini 2014 and playing on a modern typewriter . 
  enjoy your shitty early release alpha game and f2p p2w dominated industry , meanwhile i 'll be playing my quality console releases . 
  you know , the ones where i actually have fun playing the game so i do n't have to spend my time online talking about how good playing would be if there was anything worth playing on pc . 
  very true but it 's like getting punched in the stomach vs. kicked in the nuts . 
  i 'm at that stage now too , highest clear being 36 . 
  i think it 's still fun . 
  i never play the game alone though . 
  how original and hilarious, 
  you feel sorry they get to play on the most classic and funnest maps in the game they ( presumably ) love enough to go pro ? 
  i 'm so glad . 
  i did n't get sc2 at launch even though i watched events and pro matches from the start so i only ever saw metalopolis played by other people . 
  it always bugged me that i never got to try it myself . 
  does n't wcs use ladder maps ? 
  have they specified what happens after season 4 ? 
  if these maps are popular ( which they probably will be ) it 'd be odd for them to just reset the map pool to what it was before s4 . 
  the game is old enough now that `` the greatest maps of all time '' seems like a valid idea for ladder pool . 
  of course introduce a few new maps next season and take out one or two of the old ones like before but this `` dream season '' map pool seems just as good if not better of a foundation to build upon than what we 've had the last few seasons . 
  why would you use skype for video game chat ? 
  there 's applications actually designed for this purpose like mumble or ts3 . 
  skype is for video calling your relatives . 
  i do n't know about the people you play with but i 'd question the large userbase ( for this purpose ) as i 've never before heard of anyone using skype for in-game chat . 
  when i join a group of players it 's always `` give him the mumble info '' or `` give him the ts3 info '' regardless of the game . 
  before that it was ventirlo . 
  i do n't even have skype installed and that has never been an issue since no one has ever suggested using it for this purpose . 
  yeah but it would suck for players in bronze/silver/gold to play against a master terran who 's playing terran just because he chose `` random '' in the menus , something that does n't really have anything to do with your gameplay experience as the opponent . 
  i think 3 separate mmr 's is an excellent idea , but random as a 4th is n't . 
  i prefer the suggestion on here about random using your highest mmr of the three . 
  random was always about the additional challenge anyway . 
  so you 're saying blizzard would have to tweak the numbers for league placement in order to deliver a better end product for paying customers ? 
  poor blizzard . 
  please do n't . 
  i already paid for a proper non-f2p game . 
  and i do n't mean that as `` i paid so everyone else has to pay '' but in my experience every f2p game ever would 've been even better had it not been f2p . 
  f2p brings a larger user base , other than that it only brings problems . 
  not to mention gameplay decisions based on real life money which is not the way it should be . 
  i 'll gladly pay the 40 $ to know that the gameplay decisions are made solely to make the gameplay more enjoyable with no possible ulterior motives . 
  i 've never had an issue finding an opponent and having the number one rank on twitch !!!, 
  is meaningless to me . 
  there 's more down sides to f2p than the are upsides , at least in my opinion . 
   think about it , you fire 2 shots while moving , making the spread so random it would be impossible to control it . 
  the two bullets takes a trajectory that perfectly lines up with 2 people holding mid , and lands 2 headshots . 
  im pretty sure this is one of the luckiest shots ive ever seen :p, 
  there 's a very similiar video of a pro doing this in a match about 6 months ago . 
  i ca n't remember who it was but it was on de_inferno a site from the lamps to the pit/bomb site corner . 
  i hope someone knows what i 'm talking about and has the video . 
  could be it was just from this subreddit or something . 
  i thought i watched it on twitch but i could be wrong . 
  why are you interpreting `` no chest '' as `` wasnt happy about there being no chest '' ? 
  that 's the reason you 're confused . 
  i 'm surprised your comment is 13 hours old and there is still no `` that was normal back then '' `` i know but it 's still nice '' `` it is n't really that nice look at the collar/buttons/sleeves ... '' discussion going on like you normally see on every post in this sub . 
  it 's like you 're describing a punt but is n't this a kickoff ? 
  the guy in white is doing a `` kickoff '' which is how you start the game either at the start of a half or after a touchdown ( goal ) just like in regular football . 
  in american football kickoff means kicking the ball as far as possible so that the other team `` receiving '' would have to start their attack as far away as possible from the white team 's endzone ( goal ) . 
  however he fools the opposing team into thinking this is a regular kickoff while actually he kicks the ball the minimum required 10 yards after which the ball is `` fair play '' and receives it for his own team , meaning they get posession and the blue team has to start on defense . 
  but that 's not simple at all ? 
  it 's a wall of text where almost everything you talked about is irrelevant to this particular case . 
   it must first be touched by a member of the receiving team before the colts can take possession of it . 
  no it does n't . 
  you 're probably thinking of a punt . 
  battlefield has squads , not cod . 
  you can link directly to the webm http://zippy.gfycat.com/bigfrighteningamethystinepython.webm, 
  serious question , why do american ovens have the controls all the way next to the wall so you have to reach over everything on the stove tops ? 
  seems very counter intuitive . 
  but such an ugly color :( light blue master race !, 
  amateur football is still 2x45 minutes . 
  amateur hockey is 3x20 . 
  the goals are the same size and the equipment is the same . 
  i do n't get why `` amateurs '' need different rules than pros . 
  right click  show video on gfycat, 
  loops on my screen , maybe it has to do with the browser you 're using, 
  it 's called `` competetive '' for a reason though . 
  yeah i noticed both of those two mentioned in the threads i read and maybe i 'm just old fashioned but whenever i heard `` virtual surround '' or `` custom equalizer settings '' i thought `` shitty gimmicks bringing the price up without actual hardware quality improvement '' . 
  to each his own though . 
  only two of the most famous photographs ever taken . 
  what do they teach you kids at school nowadays ? 
   `` letters making up a picture '', 
  what letters ? 
  all i can see is either a bee or a penis . 
  not joking , i seriously ca n't see letters even if i try . 
  i actually did n't even know of that divine blessing chest in the painting guardian room . 
  i never really read up on stuff online , i 've just played the game many many times myself so sometimes i miss obvious shit because nobody pointed it out to me . 
  i might watch the other episodes now too . 
  yeah they both have an ass, 
  it 's an obvious troll, 
  yea i did it solo too on my first playthrough , though probably 30 levels higher than what i should 've been at that point .
