  even the image quality is like from a grandma email, 
  well whoever added that to wikipedia is just plain wrong . 
  it does happen . 
   do n't really see someone jerking off to some ones back or ass, 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xefh-lognhu ), 
  it 's near the end, 
  i * did * have flip to silence on . 
  it says `` silence ringtone '' though but that could be alarm as well . 
  it 's a new option i 'm sure , i 've gone through all the settings previously ( could be almost a year though ) and did n't see it . 
  turned it off now if that helps . 
  i have played the tone . 
  this does n't happen every time . 
  the alarm works most of the time . 
  but an alarm that does n't work * every * time is a pretty shitty alarm . 
  e. i tried recreating the situation with the flip to silence on and turning my phone all around , it did n't silence the alarm :( but my phone is upside down every night so this mechanic could somehow be related . 
   the least swedish name of all time, 
  not really though . 
  maybe for an american it sounds strange but english names are actually ** really ** popular in sweden . 
  i do n't know if it has to do with the viking background or the large ammount of immigrants ( probably both ) but the swedes and danes actually have tons of english names . 
  especially first names . 
  names like richard svensson or david eriksson ( or douglas murray ) would n't raise an eyebrow in sweden . 
  in fact i checked and the most common boy 's name in sweden now is william . 
  if i heard about a man named douglas murray who 's not english ( murica/gb/australia ) my first guess would be sweden . 
  then denmark and finally maybe dutch or something . 
  yeah either that or ... star strikers . 
  look at the soccer ball . 
  sc2 is great because nobody can talk shit and play at the same time . 
  it 's 100 % focus required regardless if you 're bronze or gm . 
  i have it off now too , strange that it 's the default setting . 
  i always have my phone face down at night , silence does n't help if it keeps lighting up when i 'm trying to fall asleep, 
  i do n't have glance enabled . 
  he 's got a point . 
  i would n't spend 10 $ on a `` temporary '' mouse if i 've already ordered a new proper one anyway . 
  i could survive a few days without a scroll wheel , and aside from having a working scroll sheel a 10 $ mouse would probably be terrible to use . 
  is neosteel frame still in the game ( multiplayer ) ? 
  i totally forgot about it . 
  you do n't do anything else on your computer except play prison architect ? 
  bfbc2 still had that . 
  they took it away , really ? 
  i do n't get your logic . 
  why is it more picky to keep using your partially broken mouse for a week longer , than to go out and waste 10 $ on a shit mouse just so that you can have a scroll wheel ? 
  the scroll wheel does n't work . 
  i 'd much rather use my mouse without the scroll wheel for a week than use a 10 $ mouse . 
  i did it because it was one click . 
  not really . 
  i 'm not in a hurry to go anywhere when i play . 
  the extra time lets me run through possible scenarios in my mind . 
  i would n't mind a separate game mode or something if it did n't affect the already existing ones . 
  did you arrive in a time machine from the 80s ? 
  i 've never seen someone so excited about basic photoshop features . 
  it 's also available on any torrent site for free . 
  i just get the mega ultimate full professional luxury edition every time a new one comes out and do n't use 90 % of the features . 
  too bad adobe went with the cloud service thing though , seems we 'll be stuck with cs6 for some time . 
  yeah it 's not like russia invading a european country is major news . 
  i guess most people did n't know about the wtc attacks on september 12th of 2001 . 
  they probably wo n't because it 's a great anti-piracy measure . 
  call it `` always-online call-home drm '' and you get thousands of angry posts online about how adobe is ruining their product . 
  call it a `` cloud service '' and adobe is a pioneer with their modern ideas . 
  yeah and seeing as how russia is invading the us your comment is extremely relevant . 
  yeah but street lights are n't blue, 
  i wish we still saw some nukes in pro matches . 
  even rarely . 
  well he 's not going to see these comments for sure so who cares ? 
  i think i 'd go crazy if i felt sad every time someone i never met died . 
  he did according to the article . 
  i ca n't be the only person who cringes whenever a person refers to themself as a `` gamer '' . 
  a person ? 
  i 'm pretty sure like 98 % of the population under 30 plays video games at least occasionally . 
  because most people under 30 or 40 play video games . 
  i do n't call myself a water drinker or a food eater either . 
  i cringed at your comment, 
  it 's mandatory to pass swedish exams . 
  there 's a difference . 
  implying people on / r/4chan wake up before noon . 
  til people over the age of 12 eat cereal, 
  i think precut pizza is an american thing . 
  i 've never seen a pizza place in europe serve precut pizza , except for pizza hut . 
  you can ask for it to be sliced and they 'll do it , but they wo n't slice it unless you ask . 
  i do n't think he 's saying the world owes it to him . 
  he 's saying the us ca n't criticize him for doing it without being hypocrites . 
   chewing on a meat ball while having a snus and complaining on the well-fare system . 
  we do all of that in finland already . 
  actually as it happens i had meatballs for dinner tonight . 
  and there 's snus in my lip right now . 
  and i 'm on welfare . 
  \\  paying real money for cs skins, 
  i have skins in all my guns ( and not shitty skins either but they all look nice imo ) and i have n't paid a cent . 
  eye drops . 
  magic cure for paranoia . 
  call of duty , battlefield and arma . 
  all games known for their permadeath , small arena style maps and 5v5 gameplay . 
  everyone plays it on the lowest possible graphic settings anyway so who cares about the visuals ? 
  you forget that not everyone likes the same things you like . 
  i know your type , i have many friends like you as well . 
  people who played surf and kz _ maps and enjoyed cs mainly for it 's jumping/movement physics . 
  i was never one of them . 
  i loved cs because of the strategic aspect of 5v5 permadeath battles on maps that had been perfected down to a pixel . 
  i loved the planning , the mindgames , the ability to call strats , and the teamwork it required to execute them . 
  i loved reading your opponents strats and countering them . 
  i loved the level of communication needed to function as a team and i absolutely loved that feeling when you 've played enough with someone that you know what the other person is thinking or doing without even saying it .
