  by the time my tourism starts actually profiting the entire game is basically broken and i 'm just planting trees and fountains to make the island look pretty . 
  why would you assume otherwise until proven ? 
  because he 's sitting down in a room with a tiled floor ? 
  how about just stop browsing the shitfest that is r/all ? 
  you do realize that the photo op posted was n't actually created out of this mess of jprg artifacts ? 
  neither is the actual original pic , this is just one example without the boob altering photoshop . 
  still you rarely rage quit a game you 're about to win . 
   you have to double tap the uppercase button, 
  people ca n't understand what nhl means unless it 's upper case ? 
   also chel sounds way better, 
  i have some bad news for you, 
  are you using a speech to text program to post on reddit ? 
  why ? 
  the comment you replied to was talking about typing . 
  and it 's not like you have to pick one and stick with it . 
  you can say chel and still type nhl . 
  it 's perfectly allowed . 
   i love playing video games , could i do it 8 hours a day without which i 'm on the streets ? 
  yes . 
  it 's great . 
  he could 've easily asked for 30 $ and it would be worth it but it 's only like 13.99, 
  you do n't have to beat a girl to win the fight . 
  just over power them so hard that nothing they do matters . 
  you do n't actually need to `` beat '' them to get them to give up . 
  not that i 'd have a problem with hitting a girl in self defense but talking about play fighting . 
  he ejaculated in his pants and could n't handle the banter so he stopped hanging out with his friends . 
  there 's only so much technique can do especially when you 're on the ground wrestling . 
  it 's obvious she has some basic training in bjj or similiar but that does n't mean she 'd be able to beat a man much bigger than her . 
  it 's just that the guy is about the same size as a girl . 
  this is obviously someone who has taken the introductory bjj course taking on random male friends just to show off . 
  you sound like a level minded person making up your mind without letting your emotions get to you . 
  most people in this world go to work 8 hours a day but you find it unbelievable someone could play video games for 8 hours as a job ? 
  / r/all does n't scale the submissions by the sub size like the regular front page does . 
  it 's nothing but posts from the biggest ( and crappiest ) subs . 
  competetive players are n't the only ones who stream professionally and i was n't complaining about anything anywhere . 
  / r/bestof post full of shit ? 
  who would 've thought . 
  i do n't know why someone gets immediate respect just because they wore a uniform . 
   they signed up to risk their own life for the freedom of our own country, 
  that does n't sound like the type of deal a smart man would make . 
  i do n't get why making bad life decisions should be a reason to respect someone . 
  he 's never seen the wire, 
   counter strike is all about the realism, 
  man ca n't stop reaching for desperate save attempts, 
  except the whole original reply from the teacher was written explicitly with this comeback in mind . 
  there 's more than three of them already ? 
  but he was invited to the audition . 
  that is an opportunity . 
  a reboot of a tv cartoon is a bit different than a transition from a cartoon show to a movie with $ 150 million budget . 
  i have a habit of pirating games on a whim and never getting around to playing them so it 's not exactly opposite . 
  the only one here who does n't know how mice work is op . 
  [lubed.com ] elsa jean , piper perri [ 04.29.2016 ] [ 60 fps ] [ 720p ], 
  which one ? 
  well it should n't . 
  that 's why we have driving schools . 
  well me neither seeing as how nobody 's linked it yet . 
  that truck is not the reason the van tipped over . 
  you must comment on this thread to be eligible to win the grand prize !, 
  to be honest i just downvoted to see how many we can get to , that was actually good advice . 
  at least you got to land so it did n't ruin the impression you made . 
  they 're gon na pick laine . 
   if giving concussions were n't the `` cool '' way to play . 
  yeah let me just go ahead and reverse thousands of years of human psychology where feats of power are impressive . 
  it 's not like the nfl invented strong men showing off . 
  yeah i 'm not personally a fan of his but subban is the level of player you wish to one day have with a first pick . 
  why would you swap a guaranteed superstar you have right now to the possibility of getting one in the future if all goes well ? 
  he 's not even old . 
  that 's not how any of it works . 
   llama is queer and amber is a lesbian . 
  the real reason is sheever is already successful and does n't need desperate publicity stunts . 
  it 's literally the first thing anyone should think of doing in this situation . 
  there 's not reason not to do the checking using a-move . 
  you do n't have to choose . 
  that kinda is the point though . 
  this is a situation where a player should use a-move and it should be a reflex . 
  you know you 're white if your first thought is `` i do n't remember a signature dance from the classic 1987 film running man '', 
  then why would you not get the pc version ? 
  it 's probably cheaper too . 
  i have like 50 hours or so in stardew valley and i 've played exclusively with a controller . 
  even though i do n't plan on buying this for ps4 i hope this port news means they clean up the controller input for menus . 
  i hope this means they improve the controller input for pc too . 
  i love this game but the controls are really strange . 
  trying to play it with a kb + m feels like it 's designed for a controller but when you plug in a controller you realize the menus are entirely mouse driven ( which luckily do work by moving the `` mouse '' with the analog stick but it 's clunky ) . 
   gives hope to those indie devs wanting to make a game , that you do n't need some graphical showcase to sell well . 
  you do realize what year it is ? 
  indie games with simple graphics have been selling like hot cakes for the past decade . 
  ever heard about minecraft ? 
  super meat boy ? 
  hotline miami ? 
  binding of isaac ? 
  shovel knight ? 
  papers , please ? 
  axiom verge ? 
  prison architect ? 
  factorio ? 
  broforce ? 
  the list goes on . 
  these are not only critically acclaimed games but commercial successes as well . 
  despite it pixel art presentation stardew valley actually has a really nice and consistent art style and great lighting effects . 
  i 'd have no problem saying it 's a really nice looking game .
