  that 's not what europe looks like . 
  that was least of that game 's problems . 
  it was n't * that * good . 
  i did play it all the way through and would give it 3/5 or something . 
  the plot and the world was nice but the animations and controls were stiff and it definitely did n't use it 's full potential . 
  do n't tell me what to do, 
   i walked in , without knocking ( because why would i knock ? ), 
  what is wrong with you people ? 
  i lived with my sisters for 20 years and not a single time during those 20 years did any of us enter another 's room without knocking . 
  maybe you should stop being a little bitch, 
  is it normal for young people to need lube like that ? 
  before even trying without it ? 
  i 've never had to use lube ( in vaginal sex ) in my life . 
  or is it a circumsision thing ( i know you people jerk off with lube as well ) ? 
  did you guys really have such issues controlling your boners as teenagers ? 
  i read shit like this in every thread . 
  is it the circumsision and glans unprotected by foreskin that causes it ? 
  i remember having like 3 or 4 accidental boners in my life ( i 'm not cut ) . 
  you 're a thinking person at 12 , not a toddler . 
  best jimkb in a awhile !, 
  and i read them every day ( or whenever they are published ), 
  / r/thathappened does n't apply to 4chan . 
  nothing posted on 4chan is supposed to be taken literally nor is it ever implied it actually happened . 
  it 's like watching a tv show and pointing out it 's `` fake '' . 
  look what it says right there on the top of the page :, 
  the stories and information posted here are artistic works of fiction and falsehood . 
  only a fool would take anything posted here as fact . 
   it took off like a good meme, 
  greentext stories * are * a meme . 
  image macros are n't the only type of meme . 
  just earlier today i was googling for a site that would show where exactly is the `` opposite side of the planet '' for each location and could n't find one . 
  thanks . 
  i thought this was pretty common knowledge but yeah i remember when i learned this in silver or so it did help me tons . 
  does n't work so well when you get to higher leagues though . 
  yeah it may work on almost any level but on low level games it works like 95 % of the time . 
  i 've never seen her without those glasses . 
  she looks much better without them . 
  anyone know a source for a downloadable video ? 
  i appreciate the scene info but this pixel clusterfuck just does n't do it . 
  could n't find it on empornium . 
  but ... she 's much hotter than any of those ? 
  3 feels old . 
  really old . 
  and annoying . 
  it has minor issues like the drowning but it works . 
  and the storyline is of course still the best of the series . 
  sa is great and has n't aged that much . 
  have n't played the 2d gta 's since they were new . 
   could someone just explain why they play public and not private ? 
  because the surprise of what a stranger might do especially when faced with a group of 3 or 4 friends ( my friends ) is more fun than just playing with people i know . 
  though this was back when everybody did n't have tanks , i have n't touched the game in months . 
  looks like shit tbh but i 'm all for more games on wp . 
  thanks though i was able to find a torrent for the video . 
  it 's the sd version instead of the hd but it still looks a lot better than any streamed video , probably the source of the gif . 
  anyone interested should be able to find open trackers in the first three results when you google `` money talks bottoms up '' . 
  are you a `` bad sport '' ? 
  yeah i 'm not bashing this method , just giving a warning that you should n't rely on it too much ( like i personally did ) because it works like a miracle drug in lower leagues so you do n't even bother learning to split your marines well and then suddenly when it stops working as well you 're fucked . 
  probably has to do with vibration . 
  it occasionally happens on perfectly fine controllers if the battery is low or on older controllers where the battery box has come loose . 
  try duct taping the battery box tight and see if that helps . 
  it adds a fun element to nhl games where you can `` tackle someone so hard their controller shut off '' . 
  but yea it gets annoying . 
  i ca n't understand why this sub is full of people searching for streams of old katee videos that get taken down in a few days . 
  if you like katee just find some katee pack and download it . 
  that 's what i did . 
  i have this video on my computer as well as any `` great find '' i 've seen on this sub . 
  what did you expect ? 
  / r/picsofdeadkids is a thing . 
  and / r/picsofdeadjailbait used to be a thing before the admins white knighted it . 
   wrong continent, 
  ftfy, 
  maybe you should n't be working at such a shit job then ? 
  pretty good . 
  it helps that i do n't live in a shithole like the u.s where $ 4 an hour jobs are actually legal . 
  that has never been the case . 
  the dog growls randomly . 
  i do n't understand why everyone hates the junk etc. 
  yeah 1.6 did n't have them , but that was 1998 . 
  it was probably more of a performance issue on contemporary computers than an artistic decision . 
  it 's not the most common word of any category . 
  it 's actually rather rare to hear it used in any meaning . 
  actually the introduction of gloves has only increased head/brain trauma in boxing . 
  in bare knukle fights punching the head hurts , so boxers used mostly body shots with head shots reserved for `` final blows '' when they thought they could knock the other guy out . 
  with gloves it 's not unusual to see over 50 % of the punches being to the head . 
  the gloves protect the hands much more than they protect the brain . 
  i do n't have a single url to give as source because it was some documentary i was watching but i 'm sure google will give you answers as it 's pretty common knowledge among people who care about that stuff . 
  1.6 refers to all counter-strikes running on the hl1 engine , mod included . 
  i 've only seen the first 7 seasons and i thought the show had gone to shit long before that . 
  i 'm kinda curious about season 8 and how it was able to be so much worse . 
  is it just me or does that stunt double look like a grown man ? 
  because the cops just killed their son ? 
  yeah that reeks of bullshit , but nevertheless i think trained officers should be able to wrestle a 90 pound kid without using weapons , or if necessary stick to less-lethal weapons like the tazer when the suspect did n't have a firearm either . 
  yeah i do n't think anyone except the op thought they were blaming this on lego . 
  or if they were they were idiots , but it 's entirely possible this happened . 
  either returned to store or sold on ebay or equivalent . 
  because the best way to handle negative media attention is simply not to comment `` until the investigation is complete '' aka until everyone but the family has forgotten about the case . 
  unless they have solid evidence of the contrary ( which they probably do n't ) it 'd just be word against word and in that case it 's better just to not say anything at all . 
  yeah well if you wan na go that route people should never kill each other but that 's not the world we live in . 
  by no means am i saying the police were in the right . 
  i 'm just saying that story sounds exaggerated .
