  they only seem to be advocating the chrome extension these days . 
  i do n't know how that works . 
  i have the `` old version '' which is to add a bookmark to your bar with the address :, 
  you click that and magically an `` original '' button appears next to posts . 
  click `` original '' and it shows you the original version . 
  works best if you first go to the `` permalink '' of the comment you want to `` unedit '' . 
   funny tv ad, 
  no one 's forcing you to , but i 'm still missing the part that made you furious . 
  it 's the same name as the link above . 
  just search for embry.prada, 
  i feel the opposite . 
  this is great and all but it has absolutely no place in r/aww, 
  they are a crucial part of the ecosystem . 
  just like frogs or mosquitoes . 
  is this that kid who chose to flash her tits to everyone and sleep around and then killed herself after the news spread ? 
  yeah i do n't really care about her , this is actually the first amanda todd link that i 've clicked . 
  that 's the joke . 
  what 's supposed to be cringy about this ? 
  i actually laughed at this and i 'm not 14, 
  i enjoy sports . 
  i lift more than an average person . 
  i 'll openly admit to being a nerd and refer to myself as a nerd because it 's not rare for me to spend 12 + hours a day on a computer . 
  i do n't think it 's a requirement for nerdom to be ashamed of it . 
  i would make the chili from ground beef , onions , tomatoes and beans , then melt some real cheddar and eat the shit out of those nachoes . 
  i would not eat this crap . 
  then again i 'm not from the us . 
  should have gotten a college education if you did n't like picking shit up from the floor, 
  yeah it 's cringeworthy because it comes out of nowhere but the impersonation is actually quite good in itself . 
  i closed the video after the first 4 fucks ( aka the 1st sentence ) . 
  i do n't know why so many people think swearing a lot makes stand-up better . 
  in this case it was probably just nervousness but a lot of amateur comedians seem to have this idea . 
  i honestly had no idea that wheel of fortune still runs somewhere . 
  we had our own version in the 90s but that was 90s . 
  i 'm yet to hear a fantastic track from him . 
  care to link one ? 
  and i do like hip hop so this is not one of those `` like if you still listen to real music '' posts . 
  she 's really hot for 15 though . 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  i 've heard that one before . 
  it definitely is n't what i 'd call fantastic . 
  more like utter crap . 
  i do n't know who macklemore is but like i said i listen to a lot of hip hop . 
  i admit it 's mostly 90s stuff though . 
  but a milli is just a terrible song by any standards . 
  it 's just one note for 4 minutes . 
  so do you honestly think having a disabled single parent as your only guardian is good for a ~ 5ish year old ? 
  i 'd love to make this my phone wallpaper but all the higher resolution pictures google can find seem to just be upscaled, 
   do regular people just get to take year off of work whenever they feel like it, 
  where i live this is pretty common . 
  it 's called vuorotteluvapaa . 
  that 's kind of the whole point of it . 
  long time employees can take 3-12 months off with ~ half salary while they 're replaced by someone else who ca n't find work in the same field . 
  the social security agency ( who were previously paying the unemployed ) instead pays part off their salary so it does n't actually cost anything extra to the employer and it 's been proven to improve the employees ' work ethic once they return . 
  and of course it 's nice to get 6 months off to do whatever . 
  kinda like temporary retirement . 
  for me it 's anything before 12, 
  who cares about double xp ? 
  it takes like one afternoon to get max level anyway . 
   look at it this way : would your mum have been any worse of a parent to you if she 'd been in a wheelchair through your whole childhood ? 
  definitely, 
  you really need reasons ? 
  my mom taught me to ski . 
  my mom drove me to practice . 
  my mom had a job which you could n't do in a wheelchair which was crucial to having her current job that pays very well which was nice . 
  my mom 's always been very athletic and we used to play a lot of tennis/badminton together . 
  she also taught me to swim . 
  there are countless things we could n't have done if she was in a wheelchair . 
  yeah he really exxagerated how terrible the video was going to be . 
  it was relatively quick for both and there were n't really any sounds/movement post mortem which are always the worst part in my opinion . 
  i agree it 's fake but not for those reasons . 
  you never know what an arrow penetrating your brain could do to your motor functions . 
  it 's very possible to stiffen up like that and the momentum of the arrow could be enough to tip him over . 
  \\  creative, 
  that was simply terrible . 
  is this how you 're trying to prove she is actually talented ? 
  the only reason anyone ever taught that was even barely ok is that she 's a woman . 
  you know those cringeworthy `` rap battle '' videos youtube is full of ? 
  a majority of those guys still sound better than she does . 
  that 's not very good either . 
  i mean the song is good but it is n't hers . 
  the delivery on the other hand is sub-par . 
  that song is fucking catchy , but for me it 's all the more reason to not like it . 
  actually the chorus is just fine , but the `` breakdown '' is so awkward and terrible . 
  should n't they listen to music without vocals then and not something with vocals and complain how they 're the worst part ? 
  actually i skipped the movie based on my first impression but now i want to watch it . 
  and i think i will right now . 
  there is no such thing as `` hardcore music '' . 
  what you linked was maybe hardcore punk or something , i only listened for about 3 seconds , but almost every genre has a `` hardcore '' variant so you ca n't just call any type of music `` hardcore music '' . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elrnvppbyau ) `` happy hardcore '' for example . 
  my comment never said his father would 've been a better parent . 
  i simply asked if she honestly thought having a disabled single parent is good for the baby . 
  `` he pushed me like i was male , i 'm a female '', 
   like anywhere else . . 
  i can guarantee no part of my city is like what i 've seen in the 3 videos, 
  yeah in the other 2 videos he was quiet and just took the verbal abuse like he should 've . 
  in this one it seems like he 's trying to pick a fight . 
  i could n't even count the times he said `` whatchu gon na do nigga '' or `` do something about it '' . 
  that 's not what a security guard is supposed to say . 
  i 'm not the one who dragged wheelchairs into the conversation . 
  that was epicfishfingers .
