  you can beat someone to death with a stick . 
  aww, 
  and you think a kid needs protection from minor scratches ? 
  getting scratches and scrubbing your elbows etc. 
  is a part of being a kid . 
  if anything it 's good for them . 
  you wear protection against potentially permanent or severe injuries . 
  you do n't wrap a kid in plastic if he 's in danger of scratching his arms while playing . 
  put your phone or alarm clock so far away that you have to get out of bed to turn it off . 
  works for me, 
  though i enjoy snoozing so i do n't do it, 
  so you 're saying the reserve staff teaches the lions to catch prey and hold it down while the cubs are trained to ignore it for the enjoyment of the visitors ? 
  she gave it a little nudge at the start to get him going but you can see him struggling on his own after that . 
  if that bear wanted the cub out of the water it would n't take more than a second, 
   at first glance the baby looks like a full grown polar bear . 
  you clearly do n't live anywhere that has bears . 
  that thing is unmistakably a pup . 
  yea me too but once you get out of the bed for the third time you tend to just accept your fate, 
  it is . 
  that 's why it works, 
  stop trying to make it a racial thing . 
  the thing looked like [ this ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/10bf6/production/_85589586_16e23342-6ce7-4c4f-b176-88d94cf667b3.jpg ) . 
  well without a helmet any gun in the game kills with one bullet to the head so that 's kinda realistic, 
  i know you 're joking but csgo 's crosshair is n't supposed to tell you where the barrel is pointed at, 
  yeah well i do n't think a high school english teacher can be expected to know enough about bombs to say `` this does n't warrant any looking into '', 
  because the `` i did this '' title implies it 's oc which often implies it has n't been posted on the internet before and people like seeing new things and are more likely to upvote so everyone else can see this brand new thing . 
  once you 've made it out of / new to the front page the upvotes will keep coming no matter how many people call op out in the comment section . 
  wait when was this ? 
  i just noticed coh on my steam library and started replaying it like a month ago . 
  no clue how it got there . 
  none of those have a pro scene on pc . 
  have you ever tried it in a lobby of 5 friends ? 
  if not then it might be harder to understand . 
   people are just bullet sponges . 
  csgo has the fastest time to kill of any modern fps . 
  your problem is your bullets are not hitting their target . 
  but i use my csgo knife a lot more than i 'd use a real knife . 
  in fact i 'd probably never get to use my real knife . 
   playing games still way more fun that shopping for them . 
  this . 
  actually feels good to be pretty much the only ones in this comment section without this problem . 
  that being said i have no problem with others funding the devs so i get to play more games myself . 
  is this like a part of her concert routine ? 
  i 've seen a bunch of different gifs of her flashing her nipples in a similiar manner, 
  link to a professional cod/bf/halo team or tournament ? 
  arma does not have a faster time to kill than csgo . 
  also it 's a thousand times easier to aim properly without iron sights , why on earth would iron sights that obstruct your view be superior to a crosshair ? 
   because i enjoy when a gun feels like you are `` holding '' it in a videogame . 
  yeah but that 's not what we 're talking about . 
  i fully get the immersion aspect and it 'd be silly if arma did n't have ads . 
  but we were talking about which is easier for aiming and there 's absolutely no way to argue that ads makes it easier to aim . 
  using crosshair to aim would be the equivelant to the perfect non-obstructive scope in arma that 's fully customizable and is never off point or even sway . 
  even the crappy scopes that do exist in arma and hinder your view give you an advantage over iron sights, 
   also , can kills in counterstrike happen in half a second ? 
  most kills in counterstrike are one shot kills so yes, 
   csgo is the pc players cod, 
  pc player 's cod is cod, 
   you play planetside yet you feel cs : go has clunky gameplay and bullet sponges ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  yeah or arma . 
  3 improved a lot compared to 2 but it 's still the clunkiest game i 've played since rogue spear, 
  again how does `` lazy '' development have anything to do with which one is easier for aiming ? 
   instead of the devs coding an actual recoil system they just make the bullet spread increase across the crosshair instead of where the player is pointing . 
  you obviously have zero clue how recoil works in csgo but please keep on posting, 
   i obviously do n't , please enlighten me . 
  each gun in csgo follows a predetermined recoil pattern . 
  bullet spread is constant ( per weapon ) and is n't increased by recoil but by things like moving or jumping . 
   i am totally not the one who started this conversation and your are obviously not the one who is continuing to post, 
  but unlike you i actually know about the games i comment on and do n't just make shit up on the fly, 
  yes . 
  i have hundreds of hours in arma 3 . 
  i know about the game i 'm comparing it to . 
  you on the other hand clearly do n't know shit about csgo yet are constantly making statements on how it is compared to other games . 
   your the one that started this aggressive argument, 
   i have not been going through this thread downvoting the person i am arguing with . 
  i have n't up nor downvoted any of your comments but would n't be surprised if someone else has seeing as how they contain a lot of misinformation . 
   however you are still stating wrong facts , kills in arma take a fraction of a second . 
  as they do in csgo . 
  the time it takes for the ads animation in arma is more than enough to be dead in csgo . 
  by far the most used rifle in the game is a one shot kill and unlike arma you 're actually supposed to aim for the head . 
  most players have 50 % + headshot ratio . 
  there is no bullet drop off or bullet travel time . 
  it 's a twitch shooter played on a small map and close quarters . 
  what 's behind that red screwed on plate ? 
  what 's inside that large black plastic block ? 
  what 's in the white bag ? 
  probably nothing but the possible consequences of not checking it out are certainly much more massive than having someone who knows more take a look at it . 
  i never said `` much '' . 
  here 's an actual quote, 
   arma does not have a faster time to kill than csgo . 
  have you not played arma 3 either ? 
  every gun in arma 3 has an animation where the gun moves from the lower right part of the screen to the middle when you ads . 
  it does n't just appear there instantly . 
  go watch csgo compilations on [ youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kk8ps2utora&amp;t=33s ) or something to educate yourself before answering further . 
   idk what the hype is about csgo , i just dont find it appealing . 
  mind explaining what everyone hypes up about it ? 
   yes , its an arcade shooter . 
  hence why i do not like it, 
  `` i do n't like the entire genre this game is the epitome of and i know it '', 
  why even ask ?
