  how about buildings uprooting themselves and punching the enemy ? 
  i do n't have the default hotkeys , what 's m ? 
  move command ? 
  the 1080p of proleague never works . 
  it 's a problem with the twitch servers , the picture chokes even though the sound comes through smoothly . 
  i think americans and jews ( cut dicks ) have this problem much worse than uncut people . 
  i remember maybe one or two random boners in middle school but nothing too common . 
  i can imagine if the tip of my penis was rubbing against my underwear with nothing to buffer it would be erect all the time . 
  when it bends the wrong way during sex and does that clicking thing . 
  it 's the worst feeling in the world , especially the first time it happened . 
  i thought i had broken my dick . 
  i 'm surprised no one else had mentioned this , when i googled it after it happened it seemed quite common . 
  a nuke does n't outrange a siege tank , though it does outrange the tank 's vision ( and you do even have time to reposition tanks when a nuke is called in ) . 
  so yeah it 's definitely possible but i would n't call it easy . 
  i 've watched more select since his return than i 've watched other streams ( non-events ) combined since hots launch . 
  that and [ \u2713 ] do not check the box if you do n't want to not prevent us not sending you offers in the future . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  yeah because you ca n't get a ps4 unless you had a ps3 , right ? 
  right ? 
  but . . they 've already released all there is to know about the xbox one ? 
  the only thing we do n't know is how the controller feels in your hand but i do n't think anyone is criticizing the controller . 
  they 've said the kinect is always on and ready to hear the magic words `` xbox on '' . 
  that means it 's always listening and analyzing your speech . 
  because fanboy, 
  absolutely nothing . 
  and shiny objects . 
  yeah ... right . 
  if you have voice recognition software complicated enough to handle all kinds of commands having a `` speech to text '' feature is nothing complicated to add . 
  i 'm not worried about microsoft working together with nsa and sending black ops teams to your living room like people are joking in this thread . 
  i 'm thinking more along the lines of crunching all that conversation data to sell to advertisers , exactly what microsoft has been doing with msn messenger for 15 years . 
  they could 've also been solved by him not being a total lunatic . 
  i love x-files , but mulder really grinds my gears sometimes . 
  i 'm cool with the `` there 's no other option left , it must 've been aliens '' but at the start of every episode it 's `` there are thousands of possible explanations for this , but i 'm certain it was aliens '' . 
  no shit people are n't going to take you seriously when you 're talking about aliens for the 9000th time without actual proof , it 's like he never heard that story about the boy who cried wolf . 
  because everybody i know fucking hates ted . 
  always have . 
  basically all my friends have seen some amount of himym seasons and for everyone it was a case of `` at which point the other cast members were n't funny enough to make up for ted '' . 
  my tipping point was during the 6th season . 
  yeah and new releases are n't the only games you can play . 
  the 360 has a huge catalog of great games . 
  while i 'm definitely switching from 360 to ps4 i kinda understand his point . 
  how many places today do n't have internet access but demand you have the absolutely latest games to play ? 
  if i was stuck in a log cabin in northern alaska or fighting a war over in afganistan i 'd be glad to have a 360 to play . 
   i 'd say about 60 % ( definitely majority ) of the people on my friends list use their 360 as a netflix/hulu machine . 
  i do n't personally know anyone who uses netflix/hulu on their xbox and out of my ~ 100 people friends list i 've noticed netflix being used maybe once or twice . 
  not saying you 're wrong in any sense , just that there are different crowds and while that 's your experience it definitely is n't representative of everyone who owns an xbox . 
   it is stupid and selfish to want a console to fail . 
  i wanted xbox one to be good so it helped the industry . 
  i 'm a 100 % with you . 
  before the releases of xbox one i thought `` it 's great that ps4 release seemed so promising , now microsoft really has to step up their game '' thinking at the time i 'd get the new xbox . 
  then it turned out the xbox sucks in pretty much every way so i decided to get a ps4 as long as the controller feels good in my hand . 
  i 'm definitely not happy about the xbone sucking even though i 'm now `` in the winner 's corner '' . 
  while i 'm definitely switching from 360 to ps4 i kinda understand his point . 
  how many places today do n't have internet access but demand you have the absolutely latest games to play ? 
  if i was stuck in a log cabin in northern alaska or fighting a war over in afganistan i 'd be glad to have a 360 to play . 
  the 360 has a huge catalog of great games even if they 're not the newest releases in a few years . 
  `` some of europe '' is a pretty harsh understatement . 
  places like romania that you 'd associate with poverty wipe the floor with u.s when it comes to internet connection quality . 
  what information do n't we have ? 
  we know the specs , we 've seen the os , we 've heard all about the features and the pricing . 
  the only thing we do n't know are how good the build quality is and what the controller feels like in your hands , but those are not the things people are worried about . 
  in fact the controller is seen as one of the few advantages the xbone has . 
   nobody is complaining, 
  what sort of alternate reality do you live in ? 
  steam is shit and the drm sucks dick . 
  it 's only because it 's so cheap that people use it . 
  xbox is the worst of both worlds . 
  something that i 'm never able to understand is why do n't american cops ( in certain states ( ? ) ), 
  carry breathalyzers with them ? 
  is it just some old law that never got changed because ... 
  i ca n't even think of a possible reason . 
  can anyone explain this ? 
  where i live they carry both breathalyzers and portable drug kits , and if you get a positive reading they bring you in to the station/hospital to get an accurate blood reading before you can be charged/fined . 
  i never understood why some places do n't do it this way , the `` field sobriety tests '' that you see in shows like cops feel like something out of a old movie . 
  i do n't agree with your thinking that the 360 's library will somehow `` expire '' . 
  great games that do n't rely on graphics do n't get outdated that quickly . 
  i still often play ps1 or ps2 games , or pc games from early 2000s . 
  to be honest the xbox360 games have been noticeably graphically outdated for about 5 years now and still we enjoy them . 
  i 'm willing to bet i 'd enjoy 90 % of 360 games that i think are good at the moment 10 years from now . 
  i know it 's not the same as having the latest releases but it 's still great entertainment . 
  it 's just the rolling shutter . 
  when you take a picture with the iphone the entire frame is n't recorded at the same fraction of a second but instead the sensor goes from one side to another and records a row of pixels at once before moving on to the next row . 
  this is an extremely quick process which is why you wo n't notice it unless you 're looking at something moving extremely fast , such as a fan or a propellor on an airplane . 
  or lightning . 
  for more info : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rolling_shutter, 
  transcribing speech to text is really not that tasking of a feature . 
  my old phone from the early 2000s could do it and it probably had less than a 20mhz processor . 
  granted it was shit and hardly got anything right , but that was a decade ago the xbone has hardware that 's literally thousands of times faster if not millions when it comes to actual performance . 
  couple that with improved algorithms and i 'd be extremely surprised if it could n't be done in `` sleep mode '' or just internally in the kinect . 
  remember it 's not trying to be entirely accurate . 
  it 's not a spy device trying to find out enemy battle plans or anything specific like that . 
  even if 99 % of what it `` hears '' is unintelligible garbage and that remaining 1 % is regocnizable keywords that could be sold to potential advertisers that 's still a huge win for microsoft . 
  hdr does do that , but the rolling shutter effect affects all pics , not just hdr pics . 
  if this was caused by hdr it would n't have that sort of a straight vertical line in it . 
  hdr simply takes 3 photos , one underdeveloped , one neutral and one overdeveloped and mashes them together . 
  at least that 's how `` actual '' or traditional hdr photography works , i 'm not familiar with the details of the iphone software . 
  of course a pic like this could be taken with hdr since hdr uses the same rolling shutter , but having that effect does n't mean it is hdr . 
  yeah well i 'm definitely not saying i know for a fact microsoft is going to be doing this since day 1 . 
  i 'm simply saying microsoft has all the equipment to be able to do this , they 've announced everything they need to say to allow it ( admitting kinect is always on ) and that the company has done very similiar things in the past . 
  and that it 's a very lucrative opportunity , and big companies rarely pass on lucrative opportunities for which they already have the infrastructure in place .
