  i study cs and fucking hate it . 
  next you 'll tell me dominos does n't accept pussy as a payment method . 
  videogames and especially single player games are n't about completing tasks as efficiently as possible . 
  they 're about having fun doing it . 
  when the computer does all your work for you it 's not especially fun even if you do get `` xp '' . 
  i had a similiar revelation with idris elba and the wire a few years ago . 
  these days he 's in everything but back then i had never seen him in anything else . 
  well no but the finnish version of 4chan did figure out his name and school etc. 
  and posted the information online so he did get caught . 
  i know there was a criminal investigation but it 's unlikely anything came of it . 
  at least he had to answer to his parents if that makes you feel any better . 
  dat fluid fps, 
  whoa i remember reading about this * on reddit * when it actually happened . 
  we 've come a full circle . 
  yeah and what does the car at a bar have to do with anything ? 
  canada is not the only country with multiple languages . 
  obviously there has to be some generalisations in a map such as this . 
   this map colours countries instead of languages . 
  maybe because countries have clear boundaries where as languages and cultures do n't ? 
  people are n't divided by language to different parts of the country . 
  sure in places like canada the french minority is heavily located in one part of the country but in many ( especially european ) countries they 're totally mixed . 
  cross-hatching could work though . 
  before whatsapp etc. 
  i used to text easily 2000 messages a month . 
  i had an unlimited texting plan . 
  then they changed it to 1000 messages per monts because `` nobody would notice the difference '' . 
  i did notice after the first bill and changed operators . 
  luckily these days all you need is a 7 $ unlimited 21mbit internet connection on your phone , my bill is never higher than 10 $ thanks to whatsapp and other similiar apps . 
  to be honest i think it failed because of boring generic gameplay . 
  i agree with everyone , the story was great . 
  but after all ** a lot ** of people play video games for the gameplay . 
  spec ops the line did n't deliver when it came to gameplay . 
  not only did the shooting feel crappy the levels were even more linear than cod and you had absolutely zero freedom . 
  a great story is always welcome , buy to have a good game you need proper gameplay to back it up . 
   this game biggest issue why it didnt sell enough to turn a profit-its name, 
  nope . 
  it was that the gameplay was utter shit . 
  do n't get me wrong , the name did n't help . 
  but in this day and age a great story is n't enough to make a great video game . 
  you need good gameplay as well . 
  spec ops simply did not have good gameplay . 
  the controls were stiff , the shooting felt like any semi-pro shitty 5 $ bargain bin game and the levels were boring and extremely linear . 
  too bad though , because as it is i ca n't recommend it to anyone , even though the story does earn to be recommended . 
  you ca n't really compare a book to a game though . 
  a book only has as a story . 
  a videogame has both a story and gameplay . 
  spec ops delivered on one account but not the other . 
  to be honest it would 've made a better book than a game . 
  now that 's simply making excuses . 
  the female lead is the main reason i do n't watch that show . 
  not because she 's a woman , but because she 's the least funny character and actor of them all . 
   decent toss will , almost always , minimize each mine shot in the early game to 1 probe kill ( stalker at best . ), 
  you did see the toss trying to bait the widow mine shots to a single probe but ogruff manually targeted the mines to hit multiple probes . 
  other than that everything said above is totally correct . 
  na gm *, 
  how are these images supposed to be `` a lot less concerning '' ? 
  to be honest i do n't think we 'd even notice . 
  you realize what you 're saying is exactly as stupid as those `` if you do n't like it , you can get out '' rednecks ? 
  i did n't give 60 bucks this year and i wo n't next year . 
  i would gladly give 60 euros for a good hockey game , which we do n't have on the market right now . 
  why should n't i be able to bitch ? 
  no , it is really weird and inconsiderate as well . 
  i have a great relationship with my parents and they 'd never show up unannounced and much less let themselves in . 
  what if i was with someone else or just lying on the couch naked or it would just be a bad time somehow ? 
  that would be awkward . 
  sneaking into your apartment without announcing is not something i consider `` nice '' . 
  now if they had talked about her coming over and he gave her permission to use her own keys and the only surprise was the breakfast it 's ok , but op did say `` find that my mother has come over '' . 
  i do n't get it . 
  that did n't look enjoyable in any way . 
  i 'm not especially claustrophobic and i enjoy amusement parks but i just do n't get the attraction of water slides . 
  especially closed ones like this . 
  holy shit the us has some expensive phone plans . 
  i pay 14 $ a month for unlimited 4g data ( 41mbps ) and 100min +100 txt ( neither of which do i use thanks to unlimited 4g data ) . 
  if i settled for 21mbps 3g it would be like 8 $ a month . 
  this is why you lift, 
  thanks to paypal and other similiar service you do n't even need to read the card number anymore . 
  all you need is your password . 
  thanks ... 
  to be honest that would be annoying as fuck . 
  be it a mom or anyone else . 
  gamecubes were cheap as shit even when they were newish . 
  i bought one 2 or 3 years after launch for 69 $ and it was brand new . 
  the older ps2 with half the technical specs still cost almost three times that . 
  that 's 3 more claps than i 've ever heard in a non-american movie theatre . 
  so we all pirate and just not mention it ? 
  the first half of the conversation is just hodge twins catch phrases, 
   we do not drink vodka, 
   it 's not really a case of overuse on america 's part, 
  yeah , right . 
  i do n't remember the last time i read an american political news story that did not have the founding fathers referenced . 
   also , they work as fax modems too . 
  which pretty much every business ever uses because email is like magic fucking voodoo to them . 
  seriously ? 
  i have n't seen a fax machine since the 90s . 
  i do n't live in the us though . 
  yeah because fox is the only biased news source . 
  i do n't agree it 's bullshit . 
  i just think the theory behind ` gateway drugs ' is incorrect . 
  marijuana is not a gateway drug because it 's bad and gets you hooked to drugs and you 're desperate to do any kind of drugs and weed dealers sell heroin like many people would like you to believe . 
  marijuana is simply the first `` drug '' people often try , and once they realize they 've been lied to their entire lives about `` drugs '' they 're more willing to try other drugs as well , because common logic dictates they 've probably been lied about them too .
