  luckily it 's been fixed by mods but it 's a completely different scenario than fo4 . 
  fo4 was announced for pc from the start . 
  dark souls was n't . 
  it was a successor to demon 's souls which was a ps3 exclusive but it was so popular on consoles in the west that later on they did a ( crappy ) pc port that coincided with the release of the expansion for consoles . 
  luckily it 's been fixed by mods but it 's a completely different scenario than fo4 . 
  was that a ps3 specific problem ? 
  because i do n't remember the frame rate dropping on 360 . 
  i 'm sure it did occasionally but not enough to be worth remembering . 
  depends a lot on the game too . 
  a fast paced shooter will absolutely require 60fps and will even noticably benefit from 120fps . 
  something like a turn based strategy on the other hand can easily be played as low as 30 fps and the detail that comes with resolution is more important . 
  though a lot of people used to 60fps say 30fps makes their eyes hurt and i do understand where they 're coming from . 
  if you ever try to lock a game you 're used to playing at 60 to 30 fps it 's immidiatelly noticable even in the smallest animations like start menus . 
  also this is the first thread i 've ever seen about this . 
  whichever one covers as little of the screen as possible, 
  i have never seen anyone chat spam in csgo and i have around a thousand hours in the game . 
  yeah a dank 4chan meme that 's been around for ten years really is the epitome of randomness . 
  which begs the question why would anyone ever have in-game voice turned on ? 
  i still find the biggest problem with the `` competetive barrier '' to be the lack of casual 5v5 . 
  dota has the same sort of barrier ( you have to be lvl13 to play in ranked ) but the unranked version is the same game . 
  it 's fun to play . 
  it 's dota but just without visible matchmaking ranks . 
  cs casual is absolute cancer and has nothing to do with the 5v5 experience that people buy cs for . 
  right now you have to suffer and `` put in time '' before you get to play what you want which it 's terrible game design . 
  as someone who really does n't like avocado i 'm surprised how delicious that looks . 
  i 'm glad it 's just a picture on the internet so there 's no disappointment of tasting it . 
  i know nothing about this particular incident but this, 
   causing him to get banned from reddit and make him decide to not release the mod . 
  sounds very childish on part of the creator . 
  who gets their panties in a bunch like that because of a reddit ban ? 
   i mean if you work in the same town/city , easily commutable from your house and of course if the house is big enough to accommodate you , why not just stay with your parents . 
  because your parents would live in the same house with you . 
  not the entire rest of the world . 
  people in northern europe move out even earlier than in the us . 
  tbh i can not understand how some people can stand to live with their parents after reaching adulthood but hey , i 'm not judging if that 's what you wan na do . 
  it 's a belly flop from like ~ 2 meters . 
  it could hurt a little bit but it definitely would n't cause any injury . 
  dogs and other animals are n't as phased by minor pain as humans tend to be and even a human would just brush that off with a laugh . 
  stop being such a fucking buzzkill , the dog is n't even pushed off or anything like that , it jumps on it 's own . 
  key words being `` stinging a little '' . 
  and even as fragile human kids we still did it even though it stung a little . 
  people itt are vastly overestimating the amount of pain and suffering a belly flop from that height causes . 
  yeah especially seeing how he jumps on his own and is n't pushed or thrown or anything stupid like that . 
  little kids fear tiny slides on a playground yet we 've done just fine without banning them . 
  that 's what i 'd equare his whining before jumping to . 
  belly flopping from 10 feet ( 3 meters ) is basically how i spent my summers as a teenager . 
  it stings for like 30 seconds . 
  the james bond music really tied that video together, 
  husband of the president at the time, 
  it really was n't . 
  it was a live feed from some formal dinner event . 
  that 's a `` boys will be boys '' look if i ever saw one, 
  was that gif really necessary ? 
  i had a phone warranty plan thing that covered anything . 
  literally anything no questions asked . 
  i drove over my phone once and got a new one . 
  a friend dropped his in a lake and got a replacement as well . 
  sadly they do n't offer that service any more . 
  i 'm embarassed that i kinda like it, 
   you 're an american in an office in germany, 
   everyone starts having these side conversations in german, 
  speaking german in germany is rude now ? 
  oh yeah there 's one american guy working at the office let 's everyone only talk english all day even when not talking to him because otherwise he might get paranoid we 're gossiping about him . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  i think it depends on the situation . 
  like if one person is visiting another country and is at a party or whatever i think it 's unrealistic to expect everyone only speak english when within earshot of him . 
  i would use english if he was a part of the conversation but if i turn to my friend to talk about that one thing he mentioned earlier then using english instead of the native language of both of us would seem really awkward and forced . 
  oh okay , it was originally labeled as real even in reputable news sources and i did n't really follow the topic enough to know that it was admitted to be fake later on . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 're upvoting the spider bot , not the gif . 
  i feel like watching 2001 with one eye while browsing reddit is an insult to the movie . 
  i felt like somerset 's character took his job and responsibility etc. 
  way too seriously to care about some crazy villain `` winning '' in their own mind . 
  he would rather lose than fail at his duty . 
  i think [ this one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/84/time_travel_method-2.svg/650px-time_travel_method-2.svg.png ) and [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vactbse.jpg ) do a lot better job at visualizing it . 
  oh yeah i definitely understand why , i though i was missing some fine print or something when i originally signed up for it because it seemed too good . 
  honestly i 'm not even mad . 
  if someone has enough excess money and is stupid enough to fall for this then why not exploit that ? 
  the people donating probably even feel good about themselves afterwards so it 's a win-win . 
  all the video games i 've backed have been released and apart from one they 've been good as well . 
  crowdfunding has done some great things even if the sites are filled with shitty ideas . 
  you just have to pick which ones to back . 
  [ you 're welcome ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3ty3aya.png ), 
  i 'm pretty sure they removed the need for first blood to get an abandon for quitting in ranked mm . 
  the only thing that saves you from abandon is `` poor network conditions '' . 
  yeah it 's not like they make millions of dollars off of these tournaments to hire some more staff . 
  that estimate sounds way too high . 
  it would make it the 3rd played game on steam if it was on steam . 
   it 's not like your $ 2.07 is going to disappear after the sale, 
  no but it 's going to get you a lot less than it does now . 
  unless you plan on saving it for 6 months but i feel that 's a bit excessive for two dollars . 
  it 's still fucking worthless `` news '' regardless what their point was . 
  looks pretty good to me . 
  i never undestood why some people cared about anything else than taking up the least screen space when it comes to viewmodels, 
  drunk off 12 beers ? 
  how cute . 
  for me personally there 's never been natural or unnatural viewmodels , i never really considered the bullets coming out of the gun . 
  they might as well be a blank piece of paper taped to the screen that covers up a part of my view , so naturally i want it to be as small as possible . 
  it 's literally like the first or second option in the settings regarding autocorrect . 
  do you people not check the settings menu when you buy a new device ? 
  random game with a bap character entered into the roster ?
