  would seem pretty wasteful lowering you to real world standards for some mysterious reason . 
  what the fuck is a `` 50 % correction '' ? 
  that 's like those ambiguous `` 30 % more flavor '' commercials . 
  you 're just shouting random numbers that do n't correlate with anything . 
  i love how casual the asian guy looks . 
  i thought you were mocking her until you got to the last sentence and seemed to be sincere . 
  2 wins . 
  unlimited games . 
  people do n't smurf to get a bunch of wins or a great rank . 
  they do it to play against worse opponents and own . 
  i highly doubt most smurfs give a shit about their `` win count '' . 
  why does everyone assume they 're trying to `` hide flaws in the product '' ? 
  what if they 're trying to prevent or minimize the amount of people abusing glitches in multiplayer to gain an advantage ? 
  like ways to spawn camp easily or abuse the environment in a way it was n't meant to be used ? 
  sounds like a good thing for the average player , does n't it ? 
  i do n't like activision nor cod but this circlejerk is getting out of hand . 
  microsoft and sony charge money for game updates . 
  that 's why they do n't `` hotfix '' stuff immidiately like many pc devs do . 
  while they 're getting their big update together is n't it better they take down the videos than not do anything about it ? 
  bear in mind i 'm assuming these are `` abusable '' multiplayer glitches as that would sound reasonable if you stop to use common sense for a sec . 
  not just texture bugs in singleplayer campaign or other `` harmless '' glitches that they 're trying to hide to make their game look good . 
  one solution is faster than the other . 
  why not do the quick and not as good solution first and the better but slower later ? 
  they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  or just do n't abuse capital letters . 
  doj tells apple kids will die because of their encryption stand . 
  ta-da !, 
  no more misunderstandings . 
  you never said what the circular shape actually does or what the rule relating to that line is . 
  you just mentioned there 's paint on the floor . 
  i can see the paint but that does n't really answer the question . 
  no standing inside the circle ? 
  you 're not safe against being run into inside the circle ? 
  only attackers inside the circle ? 
  what is it ? 
  but that game looks like absolute shit . 
  and i 'm not talking about the graphics . 
  what 's wrong with asian gamers ? 
  it looks like a cs clone with worse graphics , ui , controls and game mechanics and some p2w monetization on top of everything else . 
  it looks like an flash game that runs in a browser . 
  so basically pacquiao is a cheat ? 
  she only carried me through a season and the half . 
  the rest of the show is just too shit to overcome . 
  arma3 is probably the best looking game out there . 
  if you 're going to criticize a game at least criticize it for it 's actual flaws . 
  in arma 's case unstability , bad netcode , desync issues etc. 
  i do n't know if they managed to fuck it up in the remake ( doubt it ) but i played the original game 200 + hours in free aim with no issues . 
  games have been good so far , controller is much better than with ps3 ( actually the first ps generation i skipped because of that ) , the constant video recording/publishing/game streaming features are great . 
  psn is not as good as xbl . 
  it just does n't feel as `` trustworthy '' . 
  simple shit like your `` recent players '' list being always empty or messages sometimes taking time until they 're delivered . 
  that 's probably my biggest complaint . 
  yes you are . 
  only american media uses that weird standard of capitalizing every word . 
  will i lose imaginary internet points for it ? 
  i think not saying my opinion in fear of losing internet points is worse than actually losing those points . 
  well you obviously saw it so that must mean some people see it . 
  still more than had i not posted the comment at all . 
  [ hardly ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crl0cn0dzdo ), 
  if community is a `` clever '' show for you i have some bad news . 
  plinkett from [ redlettermedia ] ( http://redlettermedia.com/ ) . 
   or something else was at play . 
  this is of course just speculation but apparently she had 9 siblings with 3 different last names . 
  does n't sound exactly the most stable of households to grow up in . 
  all you need is normal pastry dough or whatever it 's called and some plum jam . 
  it 's a whole different game now . 
  i think it 's 95 speed 97 acceleration . 
  i do n't play hut but i 've played over a 100 games with dortmund in seasons . 
  it 's so sad to think that in some places of the world people watch the same shows you do , but dubbed over in another language that 's not the original . 
  you must miss so much . 
  do they still update the profile with new vids ? 
  do they pretend you were them in the older videos or were they open about the change of ownership ? 
  how many subscribers did you have ( approx like 1 thousand or a hundred thousand ) ? 
  like someone else said this is much more interesting than puffer fish . 
  so they erased all the videos ? 
  they were just interested in the name ? 
  makes me wonder how great of a name you came up with if they did n't just change one letter or add `` official '' or something . 
  so first we complain ( rightly ) when women are n't convicted of sexual assault and then when they are you create a straw man just so you can bitch and whine even when everything went as it should ? 
  the article even states, 
   the district court found the man 's story believable . 
  yet you still thought this was a good context to post this `` he must have wanted it anyway '' rant ? 
  shit like this is why people do n't take `` men 's rights activists '' seriously . 
  first of all it states `` men always want sex . . / s '' which means the / s is referring to how men do n't actually always want sex , a fact realized by the court in this case . 
  not that the complaint as a whole was being `` sarcastic '' . 
  secondly '' / s '' is n't a `` say stupid shit and get away free '' card . 
  in finland ? 
  as someone who lives in finland and follows the finnish newspapers i 'd say pretty much exactly the same . 
  there 's a very popular attitude spreading that the justice system as a whole is too lenient with its punishments ( probation for actual rape etc. ), 
  but the difference between men and women in the sentences is rather insignificant . 
  yeah , there 's a reason `` populist '' parties have been gaining a lot of support in the last 5 years or so . 
  it seems like a general consensus nowadays that our justice system is much too lenient . 
  if you want another brain fart from the finnish courts/law makers : if you 've been out of jail for more than 3 years you 're a first timer . 
  so you could murder someone , get the usual ~ 13ish years ( what we call `` life '' ) , get out and wait 3 years before killing again and it 'd be considered a `` first time offense '' . 
  i promise you i 'm not making this up . 
   edit : missed the / s , sorry :p, 
  i do n't think you understand the / s, 
  the post says `` men must always want sex they have no control / s '' . 
  that means he does n't really think men always want sex but was being sarcastic and parodying some generally seen opinions about how men are always looking for sex . 
  ** not ** that he was being sarcastic and parodying parodies of generally seen opinions . 
  you did n't miss anything originally .
