   when she was n't in a sober state of mind, 
  neither was he . 
  i 've had total blackouts from weed and weed only . 
  those times involved a gravity bong and lower tolerances/significately less overall experience though . 
  21 thank you for asking . 
  now would you like to explain how that has anything to do with anything ? 
  i do n't want this . 
  the `` total dribble '' or whatever in fifa 13 sounds like crap . 
  sure i 'll test the demo but right now it seems very likely i will not buy the game . 
  i do n't want all those posts from a game i do n't own or intend to play on my frontpage just because i like fifa 12 . 
  it sounds to me like you just do n't want to give up control , since / r/fifa13 already exists . 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ), 
  if anyone has the cartoon `` normal people vs politicians '' that goes pretty much, 
  `` in light of what i 've learned i 've adjusted my viewpoints '' `` intelligent human being - flip flop '', 
  i 'd love to see it again , it 's been like years and i tried googling ones without results . 
  i suggest you go through the settings and personalize it right from the get go . 
  i for example disable all the style tweaks to comments ( like boxes etc ) and the keyboard navigation and user tagger . 
  of course what you want is your own choice , but it 's much more enjoyable using it in way prefected for yourself without all the useless extra features floating around . 
  i wanted to upvote because of the funny picture but stood behind my principles and downvoted for the title . 
  granted i 've only seen like 3-4 episodes mainly because i did n't enjoy even those ones it just seems like the [ same joke over and over again ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8o6wj.png ) . 
  also the actors are n't really funny . 
  some actors have the talent to pull off even shittier scripts while still maintaining a level of funny , bbt actors do n't . 
   give up control ? 
  control of what ? 
  an online community ? 
  do you think that 's something that we really care about ? 
  you 'd be surprised how serious business internets is for some people, 
  i 'd even go as far as blaming the guy a little more . 
  not because rape or anything but because bro code . 
  what i meant was i 'm not accusing him of rape . 
  most comments on this post blaming him mention rape . 
  two people intoxicated on the same substance . 
  male - rapist, 
  female - victim, 
  cool double standards bro . 
  [ wisdom from 4chan to shed light on the subject ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9zh63.jpg ), 
  i browsed through a ton of her albums and i do n't know what it is but none of them struck me like this did . 
  great pic . 
  i 'm quite sure you 're the one with tired bs, 
  unless she was forcibly raped she was enjoying it . 
  otherwise it would n't had happened . 
  you failed to specify `` took turns '' but it could just be an orgy . 
  i do n't see how she 's `` treated like an object '' . 
  unless she was raped . 
  there are n't many clips from chappelle 's show that do n't qualify as `` fucking classic '' . 
  imo the best sketch comedy ever, 
  i thought this was something universally agreed . 
  i have never ever seen anyone pass out a pink one when asked for a starburst . 
  granted it 's usually yellow but pretty much even percentage for all the colors . 
  except pink . 
  no one gives up pink . 
  weed has negative effects . 
  it makes doing nothing feel like doing something . 
  which is of course awesome , but up to a point . 
  actually it is . 
  but the show is originally from the 60s . 
  the new one is a remake . 
  has anyone else noticed how 90 % of comments including the word `` rape '' in this thread are from huitailang ? 
  i think it 's you who should educate yourself . 
  just because a girl is intoxicated does n't mean she 's automatically not responsible for her actions and any sexual encounter is rape . 
  fucks her ! = rapes her, 
   firstly , scumbag steve fucked up by getting op 's girlfriend high . 
  who the hell would do that ? 
  i do n't necessarily agree with this . 
  i 'm good friends with some of my friends ' girlfriends . 
  i could get high with them . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
   every one of my girlfriends has cheated on me . 
  but that didnt matter with this girl, 
  so she had cheated on you before ? 
  r/trees is full of 14 year olds with big words, 
  how old are you ? 
  just out of curiosity, 
   when a guy like joey crabb gets as many goals, 
  well this is the dumbest thing i 've read on / r/hockey today . 
  koivu is a playmaker . 
  he has twice the amount of assists crabb has . 
  he also has the highest faceoff % of the entire ducks team and he 's a crucial penalty killer . 
  not to mention he always knows exactly where selanne is , and they want selanne to keep playing . 
  you mean the finn losing the puck in the first place ? 
  there 's not even a hint of tripping , the swiss defender lifts his stick and shoves him in the back with one hand causing him to lose balance . 
  perfectly clean play , and i 'm finnish . 
  upvoted for honesty . 
  idk man , if every girl you 've been with has cheated on you you might want to reconsider the way you meet these girls, 
  haha i thought that was some asian country and russia . 
  i only realized it was a mirror image after reading your comment and checking it again . 
  [ source ] ( http://siika.net/flash/random/siika_soundboard.swf ), 
  serious bisns, 
  however op never claimed there was no consent . 
  i do n't think it 's possible to be high in a way you purposfully have sex ( not passed out , not forcibly raped ) without wanting it . 
  `` getting high , feeling really horny , having sex you regret later '' like a lot of posters are suggesting ** is not rape ** , it 's cheating . 
  please do n't group the rest of europe with britfags . 
  i never called anyone a whore . 
  i like how having sex is a man taking advantage of a woman . 
  we do n't even know if it was one little puff . 
  yet all rape requires the other party not to give consent . 
  i 'm not saying she did , since we do n't know , but we do n't know she did n't either . 
  and even if pencil _ comments and verifies either way , we have to remember that 's the story the girl told his boyfriend . 
   you also do n't know if it was ten . 
  in my mind it does n't matter either way .
