  but the point is you do n't miss out on anything if you ca n't get there in the first 15 minutes . 
  e. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/academic_quarter_%28class_timing%29, 
  because it 's both simpler and a tradition . 
  also that during that 15 minutes the classroom is technically yours , so if it 's in a computer lab for example you can start setting your stuff up etc. 
  and the previous class has already left so you 'll be ready to go by the time the teaching starts . 
  university is not like high school , we do n't have recesses or lunch breaks . 
  everything starts and ends at the hour , so the academic quarter is there to give students time to move across the campus or grab a bite to eat if their lecture ended earlier than expected etc. 
  or just to socialize . 
   in the notes for one of the images , op notes that the seller said her son did n't want it anymore . 
  to me this sounds like the son living in a tiny college dorm room not having any extra space and thus storing it at his parents house . 
  it 's not the first time something like this is interpreted as `` does n't want it anymore '' by moms . 
   not everyone collect games, 
  a guy who went though the trouble of installing all those mods and emulators probably does value them . 
  it 's not like they were new games when the xbox was new . 
  do you not use cannabis or what ? 
  how does a person who does n't want free edibles end up in a dispensary raffle ? 
  e. never mind i saw your other comment explaining the situation . 
  remember who we 're talking about . 
  it 's like the bag of sand . 
  that is a possibility , though i 'd like to hear it from the owner and not his mom . 
   i 've never heard of it, 
  how is that even possible ? 
  do your kids know your reddit username ? 
  `` computer class '' is not the same as `` computer science classes '' . 
  a lot of departments have basic courses where they make sure you can use office , google drive , our own university network etc. 
  i 'm getting lucky tonight ? 
  while i agree the laugh track is the least of that show 's problems . 
  although people often use scandinavia and the nordic countries, 
  interchangeably they 're actually not the same thing . 
  finns definitely do n't consider themselves baltic so the answer to your question is a combination of both or neither . 
  if you had to choose one label use `` nordic countries '' . 
  yea i 've seen it . 
  i just have n't memorized every line . 
   i could put a cup between my buttcheeks . 
  have you actually tried it or are you just speaking out of your ass ? 
  i do n't really care about the history or culture or whatever bullshit political correctness excuse you try to give . 
  it 's stupid to have such a long name . 
  the function of names is to have something simple to call people , so that we ** do n't ** have to say `` hey you , farmer from arizona born in new england and son of john '' . 
  that 's the reason names were invented . 
  it is also disrespectful to expect the entire world to revolve around you because of `` tradition '' and `` culture '' . 
   she just wants to not have to deal with all this hassle just because to some people she does n't have a `` traditional '' or `` normal '' name . 
  and all the `` hassle '' could be over immidiately if she just shortened her name . 
  but no , like everything else related to heritage or religion it 's untouchable for some reason . 
   the state is the one that mandated people carry drivers licenses . 
  no they do n't . 
  nobody 's forcing you to have a driver 's license . 
  if you want to drive on the state 's roads you need one . 
  it 's not a right , it 's a privilege . 
  if my name was causing difficulties i would n't think twice . 
  of course i 'd change it . 
  it 's easier for me and everyone else around me . 
  once again we have a situation of `` principle '' vs. practicality . 
  she 's being difficult because it 's her `` right '' . 
  also i 'm not ordering her to change her name . 
  i 'm just offering a simple , easy and quick solution . 
  it 's her problem if she does n't want to take the advice , no need to go bitch about it to local news . 
   there is absolutely nothing wrong with doing a bench press without a spotter . 
  indeed . 
  itt people who do n't know their limits trying to lift too much . 
  it 's very easy to know how much you can bench without a spotter if you 've been to the gym more than twice in your life . 
  of course you 're not gon na push your limits or try your max without a spotter , that does n't mean you ca n't bench press . 
  in theory it can work if the programmer did nothing to prevent it from working . 
  in practice this is the first thing you 'd disable so it 's probably more of a `` what if '' joke . 
  finland . 
  you 're welcome to stay away , we 're not into this whole `` political correctness '' and `` everything that has to do with heritage is sacred '' thing . 
  i 'm not japanese and neither is my username . 
  most asians do pick a western name when they come over to study for example . 
  and by most i mean 99 %, 
  luckily my parents gave me a name that 's easy to understand wherever i go in the western world , but if that was n't the case i 'd definitely consider changing it if it was an inconvenience to myself . 
  when other people ca n't pronounce or spell your name it hurts yourself more than anyone else . 
   on the other hand , i think a fair compromise would be to list something shorter but still identifying on the id car , while keeping her legal name the same . 
  an id does n't make you who you are , so i think that 'd be a fair place to meet in the middle . 
  sounds perfectly reasonable to me as well but you can bet the hivemind would n't accept this . 
  much like in america as a whole everything that has to do with heritage or culture is sacred . 
  it does n't matter if it 'd make everyone 's life easier , including the person we 're talking about . 
  yes . 
  they do n't want you to have to switch between disks in an open world game , which is why they made the install mandatory . 
  also this way rockstar does n't have to worry about what goes into which disk . 
   so no , this is n't just your `` suggestion '' as you ca n't tell people what to do and you do n't know how important name means is to her . 
  that does n't make any sense on any level . 
  how does that make it not a suggestion ? 
  does it make it an order ? 
  when did i get the authority to order something like that ? 
  i understand why someone would n't want to change their name . 
  i 'm not saying she should change her name because of everyone else . 
  i 'm saying she should stop complaining since there is the easy option of changing your name if living with a 35 character long name in a society not used to them is causing you headache . 
  demanding the entire states dmv database and whatever software they used to print those ids be redesigned because of a minor invonceniance to one person is much more selfish and `` inappropriate '' than saying `` hey if that name is causing you trouble you can always change it '' . 
  that does n't make the suggestion any worse . 
  it just makes her a difficult person to work with . 
   just because you know your limits does n't mean you 're safe from an accident . 
  you 're never safe from an accident . 
  do you not leave your house because a piano might fall on you ? 
  i know what you 're saying . 
  i just do n't think the odds of getting crushed by the bar are high enough to warrant never bench pressing alone . 
  i 'm willing to take that risk . 
  of course i wo n't make you do the same , you can decide for yourself . 
  yeah and we also have annoying hippies who call everyone that wants any sort of immigration control `` neo nazis '' . 
  i do n't think this is really a `` r/conspiracy '' issue . 
  try / r/karmaconspiracy or / r/karmacourt or something like that . 
  imaginary reddit points are n't really that big of a deal .
