sounds like something that would mean ` caviar in a rifle ' in croatian . 
  [ swedish is serbian ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hteusxjekp8 ), 
  just remember that they ` ca n't into cases ' and things become clear . 
  like voltron ? 
  that 's awesome !, 
  ` scamh\u00f3g ' looks like an insult, 
   well , we 'll form an alliaince with swedes !, 
  and do what ? 
  hello friend , remind me again - how are taiwan , hong kong and macau doing ? 
  oh , did n't know that . 
  thanks for info, 
  that 's some good translating there . 
   people not that i 'm aware of despite all the hollywoodization surrounding them . 
  i think they had slaves and such, 
  sounds like mora in croatian , although here that means nightmare . 
  it actually is long , but it would be long descending ( dugosilazni ) accent j\u0203 , not long ascending accent ( dugouzlazni ) j\u00e1 . 
  but croats do n't write down accents so it 's just ja . 
  edit : syntax, 
  * \u0160kolica ( jumping ) , wars with the neighboring building ( beating each other with sticks , throwing snowballs or chestnuts at each other - usually till the first blood ) , dinosaur stickers , croatian army stickers . 
  we also got lego bricks later - i loved those * \u010cokolino , \u017eganci * anything we would get from german caritas ( we had a voltron but were missing one leg ) * kra\u0161 , kra\u0161 everywhere it the 90s . 
  i would say something about germans liking rules now but i 'm not sure if that would be braking the 1st and the 2nd of the community rules . 
  a lot of nationalistic serbs just as croats ( and hungarians as far as i could tell ) harbor that victim mentality which they sometimes expose foreigners to . 
  eh , they have some decent punk/metal music . 
  ( namely pero deformero ), 
  netherlands . 
  could be worse i guess . 
  better go buy a new bike . 
  the wine guy does n't count . 
  or to take proper precautions while making a bomb , either way there is a lesson somewhere in there . 
  - a fifteen-year-old ended up in a hospital with burns because his home made bomb blew up while he was making it . 
  he got the recipe from the internet . 
  the wine is cheap . 
  however if the label says j\u00f3 min\u0151s\u00e9g\u0171 ( good quality ) then it is n't necessarily so . 
  that 's not different then anywhere else though . 
  hungarians got slaughtered like the rest and then mongols wasted time chasing the king through hungary , austria and croatia burning towns and keeps along the way . 
  the fact that \u00d6gedei died and so all the commanders had to gather for the election of a new leader or something saved europe . 
  he did ot - nobody cares here , the media transmitted the news and most people just shrugged and said `` i was n't aware she was still alive up to now . '', 
  each year i plan on going down there for a visit and each year something gets in the way :( . 
  yeah , but had n't statues usually been used to inspire one thing or another ( usually something viewed as positive ) pictures much less so . 
  hmm , would n't they need those in order to sell them to the scrap yard ? 
  stop cutting into their profits man !, 
  i 'm not sure that an act of rape is something that should be made into a statue . 
  but anyway i do n't think that 's the topic here . 
  most roma in croatia can be easily distinguished from the local population . 
  let alone from the foreigners . 
  eh , that 's one ugly statue . 
  this all kind of reminds me of that thing some time ago in bulgaria . 
  well , i 've been around that part as well , i think my problem might be big cities in general not budapest especially . 
  it 's just that i do n't understand all the craze about it . 
  buda , 1st district . 
   i also think people do n't realize how budapest has the feeling of a true living breathing city , but with it 's own distinctive atmosphere and culture found nowhere else in the world - been there 5 months , was n't impressed . 
  not enough parks , too many people , not really clean . 
  ah , so it 's not only us , good to know . 
  errm , you are n't croatian , are you ? 
  a good place to get cheap cigarettes and awesome food . 
  it goes back to some treaty between the city-state of dubrovnik ( ragusa ) and ottoman empire . 
   danish is becoming more and more unintelligible by the decade . 
  hmm , really ? 
  for some reason i always thought it 's easier for an icelander to understand swedes/norwegians/danes then the other way around . 
  eh , danish ` dependent territory ' , i believe it was populated by norwegians and was under norwegian crown . 
  hmm , i tried using my limited italian with some south americans ( argentinians ) , it did n't work . 
  heh , i actually laughed , reminds me of russenorsk only less awesome . 
  divided an island i think it 's named after copper , or copper is named after it, 
  errm , why is having diacritical marks a ` disadvantage ' ? 
  hmm , well , i suppose , that it 's serb minority in the case of croatia , it might be something similar in poland ( russians , belorussians , ukrainians ), 
  that 's because it is, 
  eh , they are ok . their general friendliness scares me though . 
  hehe , if i ever have a daughter i 'm naming her gu\u00f0r\u00fan for sure . 
  hehe , to me they sound like little kids trying to speak croatian , it 's quite fun . 
  but i guess we sound funny to them as well . 
  errm , neither ukraine nor slovakia are in the balkans, 
  it 's the ex-k + pivo, 
  true, 
  rakija is schnapps , now you know everything you need to know, 
  heh , krk is an island here . 
  `` a je to '' forever !, 
   `` the limits of my language set the limits for my world . '', 
  meh , my mother makes apfalstrudel once a week , i 'm kind of tired of it . 
  you can , you just have to come when it 's not the tourist season . 
  ehh , i do n't know , they have a tendency to well , die , while they are here . 
  it 's the home of the free !, 
  hmm , velebitsko used to be awesome but then they kind of got worse , had n't tried that one in a while . 
  tomislav is always a good choice because it does n't lack kick . 
  both are far from being the best though . 
  hmm , i would n't know but you could usually buy that sort of things in a store when i was a kid and i ate them more than once , had n't seen them in a while now though . 
  errm , i had them in croatia , it was okay . 
  and trolljegeren !, 
  yup , there are folk tales including vampires in both croatia and serbia , but vladislaus iii dracul was generally a cool guy . 
  well , that does n't always equate to having a significant minority , croatia was a hereditary land of st. stephan 's crown but hungarians ( as in hungarian speaking people ) were always either barley present or non existent in these parts . 
  not rotten shark and sagas ? 
  he does n't have ' a point ' because his point was n't that tu\u0111man was less than an ideal leader ( he was n't ) but that the country and it 's people are somewhat less worthy because of naming some bridge after him . 
  oh no , a ` country ' named a bridge after its first president . 
  what a shock . 
  i still had n't seen any of it . 
  ahh , good times to be on the internet . 
  one could be favorite person of each and every scotsman by simply being croatian . 
  people think that the guy who should be handed over to germany has a lot of dirt on and pull with the ruling elite so ` they ' ( the ruling elite ) reckon they could lose a lot more by actually handing him over then by angering the union . 
  eh , might be better in the long run , for both sides, 
  this looks completely awesome . 
  though i think i would be worried if i were to travel so far up north during the winter .
