  there really is n't a place without history . 
  no , not really . 
  most of europe is neither anglo-saxon nor protestant . 
  hmm , similar to italian one i guess . 
  most people who are really into it drink the ` turkish coffee ' . 
  not as much as ex eastern germany from the looks of it . 
  well , unlike in sweden where you get that half a liter of something in a plastic cup , our coffee actually tastes decent , and it more of an either social event or a contemplative one so you would spend most of the time either talking ( if you have company ) or reading , listening to music etc. . ( i 'm not bashing sweden i just think coffee there is terrible ), 
  that 's not true , our government is trying really hard to squeeze out as much money as possible from the people while still going through all those tedious fancy banquets and buying new cars for ministers and installing a new electronic voting system in the parliament even though they have proven themselves too stupid to use three buttons two times already . 
  one cup of coffee lasts for half a box of cigarettes in my case, 
  cats are n't nearly as annoying as people who like them and keep spamming the whole internet with pictures of them as though that 's something supremely interesting . 
  just because you 're paranoid does n't mean that they are n't out to get you . 
  it 's really not all that much as far as i 've seen . 
  it 's just that it 's somewhat new so people overreact . 
  yeah , when that russian comment was posted here on reddit i was surprised by the outrage of some of the british posters . 
  yep, 
  ` murica is immigrants, 
  ye , although i think that 's also more of a stab at the wasps . 
  ah yes , this guy 's beard reminded me . 
  i also like italian comics . 
  alan ford is pure genius . 
  mostly classical , but i 've listed to some italian pop music on occasion . 
  edit : and rhapsody ( of fire ) of course, 
  same things everybody likes about italy - food and music . 
  also the language has all the same vowels as croatian so it 's easy to pronounce . 
  not all of them obviously ... 
  it should be common knowledge that iceland is the best country in the world . 
   and all that promiscuity in central europe !, 
  i blame the habsburgs . 
  i liked first 7 seconds . 
  hmm , personally i had n't noticed this before ( mainly because i mostly use the english one ) . 
  and while croats do have a tendency to exaggerate when it comes to these sorts of things ( and it gets really annoying , trust me ) it seems that they have a reason to complain this time . 
  istria is that peninsula that you can see sticking out in the northern coast of croatia . 
  istrians are people living there . 
  this article cracked me up a bit i must admit . 
  ` welcome to `` our beautiful '' , joke 's on you - just so you know . ', 
  it certainly can and you 're absolutely correct . 
  what , no [ pero defformero ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7bsvjgstka ) ? 
  * cheap good wines * national identity problems * zagreb used to get a fair number of students from there back in the day * ovcata * to\u0161e proeski, 
  to be fair it 's a general slavic name for thessaloniki so it would n't necessarily be intended as provocation . 
  god no !, 
  it should at least be an indo-europian language . 
  yeah , foolish of me not to look , i was just distracted by gigantic montenegro, 
  why did n't you annex ragusa ? 
  ( i assume you 're montenegro ), 
  finland was a part of swedish kingdom for a long time , i do n't know much more than that but i would assume that swedish enclaves would be a result of inner migrations within any political unit tied to the demand for workers , craftsman or people who work in administration . 
  let me guess , it 's sheep guts, 
  lakris !, 
  uuu , \u010de\u0161ke knedle , that 's good stuff, 
  that was very well-formed and layed out . 
  looks like you divided poland, 
  really not geographical, 
  ha , take that janez , who 's more germanic now ? 
  well , when i wrote unlike the rest of us i meant slavs , we do n't have articles . 
  also north germanic languages put definite articles at the end as well . 
  well i know , in croatia and some other countries glagolitsa was used until 16th century . 
  was n't it all just church-slavic at the time anyway ? 
  * they had a rather large and expansionist empire back in the day so they frequently clashed with the byzantine empire * they do n't have a case system nearly as complex as other slavs but have post-positioned articles ( or articles in general ) unlike the rest of us . 
  * i heard stuff is cheap there , at least in comparison to croatia * orthodox * somewhat bad relationship with the neighboring countries , similar to most balkan countries, 
  as a rule , people do n't care . 
  unless it 's somebody who plays football . 
  quite a bit : * northern european country roughly the size of germany ( a bit bigger actually ) * capital city oslo was called christiania while norway was under danish rule * former capitals are trondheim ( nidaros ) and bergen * language has quite a few dialects * their first christian king is saint olaf who died at the battle of stiklestad * northernmost university in the world is there in troms\u00f6, 
  someone actually watches the olympics ? 
  not really , personally i 'd love to visit russia ( even more than brittani or any surrounding lands ) . 
  i just would n't want to live there . 
  are you saying men had n't gotten free vodka and woman better underwear ? 
  i am appalled !, 
  i find this funny . 
  i felt making me pick between mandarin and cantonese was unfair . 
  mostly zagreb , and this was in southern serbia , in beograd they had no problems . 
  my friend went to macedonia through serbia , a conductor on the train threatened to ` get some people with knives ' . 
  eh , we are not on r/polandball , and cyrilic is n't really hard to learn, 
  g se ne izgovara, 
  hmm , my mistake then , i just supposed that both scripts are constitutionally recognized . 
  not that any of this makes sense either way . 
  hmm , i 'm not sure i know what you mean - did you mean that slavic languages are difficult or that german is difficult to slavs ? 
  because the second one is incorrect . 
  i 've met a lot of croats and slovenians who excel at german . 
  edit : just not all of us , 
  heh , funny thing is , latin alphabet is also serbian . 
  yeah , i know , i still have my papers somewhere . 
  i was planning to get back to them at some point and maybe get a certificate just in case i might need it . 
  still , thanks for the lesson . 
  it goes to the end of the word the article belongs to , if i remember correctly . 
  in croatia we call ( ed ) that derdidasanje . 
  ( it would be derdiedasing in english i guess . ), 
  and it refers to a process of learning german which will forever ruin one 's childhood . 
  ciganska posla . 
  it is , too melodramatic for my taste though . 
  errm , not-lithuania edit : other than that , the usual things - baltic language , lot of russian living there , was probably oppressed by russians , german crusaders , maybe some scandinavians . 
  a part of european union today . 
  yeah , semester in budapest - too much people too few trees in my opinion but otherwise not much different from croatia . 
  a three week summer course in a small village in sweden - awesome . 
  that 's what i wanted , thanks . 
  edit : i think \u00e4lgfylleri is my favorite swedish word now . 
  hej , could you link me the original article about the drunk mooses ( meese ? 
  ) , please ? 
  to me no , maybe it is a bit more similar to polish since you also have so many \u0161-s and \u017e-s . 
  well , i 'm not a native speaker , but from my experience , they are not used often or people make shorter versions of them and use those . 
  but no , seriously , german is worse . 
  wait , is a german person complaining that some other language has words that are too long ?
