  i read it in the angry german kid 's voice, 
  was ? 
  is that a rick and morty donger ? 
  i habe absoluteli nein idea . 
  dont worry a week ago i didnt know macedonia still exists today . 
  im from europe . 
  awww baby america 's first step !, 
  what happened ? 
  dont be dramatic its just purple . 
  exactly its time for part 4 already, 
  i heard, 
  alternative :, 
  go to r/videos, 
  make a small part of a popular video into a gif, 
  submit your shitpost to r/gifs, 
  enjoy your ez karma you shithead, 
  im not convinced why should i accept the trebuchet as my superior siege engine . 
  the siege tower seems like a better choice . 
  but i just read your comment which is exactly the same as mine above . 
  negative karma ? 
  meme too danks, 
  its ... leviossaaaaaaah h\u00f6hahu, 
  looks like he died and couldnt type his uplay name . 
  so if you dont mind i would gladly accept his key : rohamcsig4, 
  leaving comment below the top comment in hopes someone with a key notices me : rohamcsig4, 
  everything . 
  it reminds me of borderlands not sure why . 
  i wish i could give you more than one upvote . 
  i want even before that . 
  the mini death blossom mine bastion ult . 
  yep , it doesnt have any perverted pepe . 
  apart from the rent prices whats wrong with the city ? 
  nope you cant make me click that link this easily . 
  do it , subscribe, 
  one of us, 
  one of us, 
  one of us, 
  op is a bundle of sticks, 
  happy holidays for the rest of you !, 
  why am i watching this i forgot my lunch at home, 
  pls help, 
  i guess itll be very weird for star citizen fans to actually play the game after this many years, 
  but ... but i wan na get irrationally angry !, 
  edit : its not so bad ive seen much worse . 
  `` 2 ones is exactly what i had in mind '', 
  mods are sleeping probably, 
  ~ ~ fun fact ! ~ ~ theory is the show is based on the perspective of courage , how he sees the world . 
  for example they are too old to take courage out for walk often so he thinks they live in the middle of nowhere . 
  its good to see you can still smile my friend !, 
  i wish you a happy new year !, 
  ** nsfw **, 
  let me guess , its the manning face, 
  edit : ive became paranoid it seems ... 
  very good , haha yes, 
  i really hate that thanks, 
  the car also breaks the barrier instantly, 
  looks like you just dont have enough practice . 
  i just leave some advice about what to do in the situation you described . 
  as silly as it sounds a good way to counter an enemy reinhardt charge as reinhardt is to go behind cover . 
  if its not possible just make sure you dont have a wall closely behind you . 
  a good distance between the two of you makes charging someone difficult . 
  and charging into a charge leaves both of you unable to do anything so the better team ( minus reinhardts ) wins the fight , its risky but if your team can handle the situation without you it can work . 
  edit : also if you have ultimate and he is charging you that is the best time to use it . 
  somehow they know how to play if there is a pressure . 
  ... but i just want to tell you my barrier is almost breaking and you should get away from behind it ... and where the enemy mercy is hiding while i hold my barrier up ... or where a flanker is coming from ... maybe to tell you that you are alone and still contesting while you should have come back to the team to group up ... and ofc to shit on your hanzo pick ... 
  am almost master , ama !!!!!!, 
  and here i am missing the play button . 
  will do it once i get home . 
  edit . 
  reinstalled the game and it worked . 
  [ do what you want cuz a pirate is free , you are a pirate !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmhfblrogew ), 
  thats her only use right now . 
  comboing ultimates, 
  actually these are the only heroes i play . 
  you only play op heroes and scream at the team who doesnt pick meta heroes . 
  bastion and zarya ? 
  you hate and love yourself deeply in a disturbing way, 
  is there a thing as online restraining order ? 
  you wish torb could repair reinhardts armor, 
  something my sister helped me realise is that other people does not live more interesting life than me its just my perception and everyone thinks they live some boring not interesting life and they also think `` lesser '' of themselves just like me . 
  im probably late for this thread but whatever . 
  its a deathtrap !, 
  dont go !, 
  so is all the promotional stuff we get for heroes of the storm and the other games . 
  spray for x ammount of time in ptr doesnt looks like anything else for me . 
  meet, 
  you are not supposed to be happy around here pal . 
  thank mr. skeletal, 
  meme too danks, 
  well he is elusive, 
  there was a little weak voice in the back of my head telling me to think before clicking the link , but i didnt listen . 
  i guess you answered your own question . 
  they are quality meymeys, 
  i didnt filter it just because ( in american speak ) im that liberal and i barely see posts from them . 
  i was curious for how it sounds like but after seeing your comment im not anymore, 
  huh ? 
  august 3rd 2017, 
  and im 5 hours better than you it seems . 
  these leaks are the continuation from the last official episode or random episodes ?
