  we are here to reproduce and pass our genes to future generation and gaming certainly wont help you do that . 
  i just so hate when some brat say `` x is pointless '', 
  < --  you better not sleep if you are in my team . 
  going through the andr\u00e1ssy avenue ( the avenue itself is beutiful ) where you find the house of terror , the milennium underground railroad which was completed in the end of 19th century and at the end of the avenue there is the heroes square and behind it the v\u00e1rosliget with vajdahunyad castle . 
  walking down the avenue is a must to do for tourists , some good museums are also there . 
  oh and all of buda castle then the citadella on gell\u00e9rt hill . 
  i sent it to my sister without context . 
  thank you op . 
  and the apocalympics is yet to begin . 
  well ... i thought your comment itself is the very dry joke . 
  looks like im not as smart being a 25 than that 18 year old girl on the image . 
  bonus panel :, 
  nice . 
  looks like the better quality images are not for free, 
  get the fuck up, 
  get the fuck up, 
  get the fuck up, 
  get the fuck up, 
  do you ever get that feeling of d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu, 
  and i thought im a decent memer ... damn . 
  thats a casul theorist , a pro theorist would make a connection to half life 3, 
  im not an expert but i dont think this is enforcable or even breaks the law if i use those hashtags . 
  thank fuck i chose reinhardt as my main when i was naive with the game . 
  wow , someone tried to go down rank 1 but ended up in rank 2 . 
  looks like im the polar opposite , my in-game nickname is rohamcsiga / rohamcs1ga which roughly translates to assault snail . 
  my personal experience ( im coming from hots ) is more talking = more toxicity . 
  so i just tried to keep the talking to a minimum , but this game have voice chat and actually hearing the person talking in a calm manner might gives different reaction than reading his chat messages . 
  i 'll try this out . 
  is there a subreddit for people who never had headaches ? 
  they trained many long years and they are at their peak performance right now , so this is like their once in their lifetime chance . 
  i feel so sorry for them the athletes deserves much better conditions . 
  it is their decision to make . 
  im sure they know where are they going . 
  this subreddit is my guilty pleasure, 
  the most dangerous players in the game are running their characters naked, 
  ive seen many scary morbid shit on reddit but ive never seen a subreddit quarantined . 
  i had a ragekid teammate who tilted on my ana pick and picked mei just to deliberately wall me off so i cant heal people and spammed in chat : pick ana = lose  ) ) ) ), 
  oh and the cherry on top is this happened in ranked . 
  at about rank 53, 
  but they are serious , unfortunately , . . 
  why not ? 
  id like to play as ana and there is always flexible teammates and someone has to choose a hero first anyway . 
  if they have different plans i can just change hero . 
  bigger hitboxes on teammates, 
  how long has it been ? 
  two , three weeks since release ? 
  let me play that damn hero in peace already . 
  oh i had a friend with me on that match and we both reported . 
  i asked my teammates to report that troll and im pretty sure some of them did . 
  i told what happened to the enemy team in hopes for extra reports . 
  do you also play one hero in ranked because you are affraid that your next most played hero winston with 10 hours is still not enough ? 
  oh god how did i not see this before, 
  and as i heard it from radio they try to replace them with military police but they have to be trained first and have no housing for them . 
  ** less than a week from opening **, 
  oh my god this shitshow keeps getting more and more grotesque . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://twitter.com/dzetino1/status/755801514879352832/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ), 
  the kid who cheats is not part of a normal community ( see the images ) and this community just advanced/grew to a level where making a script which triggers lmb1 when the crosshair crossess a specific color is not considered cheating . 
  its not a healthy community for sure . 
  this seems too long for a simple word `` what '' but im no french languist . 
  edit : so what does it mean actually ? 
  armor does not reduce beam weapons damage . 
  and the washing pole 's r1 does not combo so you can hit your enemy with a straight sword in between his r1 `` combo '' and effectively tank through his shitty choice of weapon . 
  edit : i got carried away ... forgot this isnt a ds sub . 
  this whole assymetrical maps and objectives is just silly really . 
  blizz should give both teams the same layout of maps and objectives . 
  for example both teams can push the payload to the enemies base which spawns in the middle of the map . 
  edit : clarification, 
  so that was this ugly smell . 
  what fegit leveled dex ? 
  no , its the sound of `` git gud '', 
  when i first successfully gankspanked 4 people . 
  i dropped the controller afterward and didnt play more ds3 that day , i didnt wanted to ruin that moment . 
  thats ... quite a journey . 
  as a guy who grew up in the countryside this is perfectly mildly interesting . 
  he said `` hear '' not `` read '' . 
  archdragon peak , optional area, 
  you have alcoholic issues then . 
  as a reinhardt main with 60 hours with him , teammates are just part of the assets in a duel . 
  the most frustrated hahahaha ive ever seen, 
  sounds like work , ill pass . 
  no unicycle no ice cream truck * no upvote *, 
  only 420, 
  [ its me siiiiiiize ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/gifs/the_6b0ecb_5531499.gif ), 
  no idea, 
  does it mean ? ... 
  no , no it wont be poise ... 
   * sips tea while listening to hasselhoff *, 
  ftfy, 
  then itll be weird how a small bow can shoot a tree trunk . 
   create hype, 
  for, 
   half life 3, 
  that sounds extremely dangerous . 
  these sombra illustrations are getting better and better . 
  i wonder if blizz will take inspiration when they finally begin working on her . 
  i dont think you can even shoot his back , i tried that so many times and it almost always * backfired * . 
  looks like my disgust and fear triumphed over my curiosity , that shit is staying blue . 
  let it all out op and visit / r/eyebleach . 
  soooo ... how did you treat him ? 
  did he lost his dong for good ?
