  not sure if you can use this to push your argument as they are such wildly different situations . 
  you 're ignoring the point . 
  the argument used today to disqualify a refugee 's validity is that `` they do n't stay in the first safe country , therefore they 're merely opportunists . '', 
  this standard should be applied then to the poles who did n't simply stay in iran like * muh real refugees *, 
  if poles were able to make it to palestine they could have made it to the the uk . 
   not so easy to go to the next safe country when you 're fleeing a force occupying your entire continent . 
  sweden , switzerland , the united kingdom were all safe countries as well . 
  i do n't know how you 'd justify going all the way to mexico or new zealand when there are plenty of safe countries on the way . 
   i can see where it 's going - they took us so we should take them . 
  i 'm just clearing that up before people start trying to make this claim . 
  well thank god you 're being so proactive at attacking irrelevant talking points, 
   the difference being that poles gave over their gold and paid a high price to stay in iran , whereas the migrants arriving in europe shop around from country to country to see who will be willing to pay * them * the most . 
  and the ones who ended up in new zealand , mexico , british africa ? 
  why did they go so far when they should have just gone to thenextsafecountry ^ tm  and palestine was british territory at this time so it says nothing of islamic altruism . 
  nobody said anything regarding `` islamic altruism '' but you , stop projecting your fucking narrative into everything . 
  i 've never had turkey on christmas tbqh , i did n't know that was a thing . 
  iran , india , palestine , ** new zealand , british africa , as well as in mexico . 
  ** sounds like the general vicinity alright . 
  i 'm not even necessarily pro-refugee but the rhetoric around here gets stale real fucking fast, 
  why does this sound so familiar, 
  b-but why did n't they just go to the next safe country ? 
  we 're 12th unfortunately, 
  that 's not an ad hominem . 
  and switzerland, 
  source on the official reports ? 
  what happens if he 's not bluffing and the migrant crisis resumes full scale ? 
  and did you stop to think about the ramifications this might have for europe ? 
  yea , this thread is fucking embarrassing . 
  it 's abundantly clear that a lot of users here completely lack any common sense or foresight when they say stupid shit like `` just build a wall '' or `` economically and navally blockade turkey . '', 
  that 's \u00e0 great way to get refugees , populist candidates like wilders and le pen , and a completely neo-ottoman turkish state . 
  suspending accession talks was a boneheaded decision that will make people in / r/europe feel morally upright but will result in real consequences for europe . 
  the talks did n't even need to go anywhere . 
  ahem , i think the term in europe is * indentitarian *, 
  this is a site that published an article in which trump was referred both as daddy and the god emperor . 
  i think it 's funny that people see french as worthless here . 
  it 's still a language with a lot of potential , can lead into learning spanish , is likely easier than german , russian , or arabic , and is nice to speak . 
   but : if the eu takes back responsibility for their own security then the us will lose their strong grip on us . 
  there is n't much grip going on . 
  it 's pretty common knowledge at this point that us foreign policy regarding europe is this - stability and prosperity . 
  there is n't much real pressure that 's put on europe by the us because for the most part as long as europe is democratic and rich for trading with the us , then there 's no problem . 
   what the us want is us spending more money and lifes for wars we did n't want and are fought for the sake of us interests . 
  not . 
  happen . 
  this is fucking stupid . 
  the nato mission to afghanistan was a legitimate response to an attack on the united states and germany is free to do what it pleases otherwise . 
  and even then , if europe got * stronk * like you 're saying , you act like europe would be in opposition to the us . 
  if you wan na talk about things that `` are n't . 
  happen . '', 
  put that near the top of the list . 
  europe becoming strong would in any case be an ideal situation for the us as well . 
  i 'm sure that 's the only thing, 
  i agree with you completely . 
  and even then obama has expressed that britain will be at the back of a list of priorities like creating a proper agreement with the eu . 
  so do they want jobs or do they only want to cause terror ? 
  i 'm so confused, 
  do you not find it strange that you say that they want nothing but to cause terror but also call them economic migrants ? 
  do you see the contradiction ? 
   people should really upen their eyes , and do n't believe what others wants us to believe . 
  huh , you 're right !, 
  i * do n't * believe you !, 
  everything i 've seen points me in the `` shitty person '' direction . 
  nah dude they 're gon na get the best deal for britain, 
  i 've seen the exact sentiment in this sub . 
  `` they 'll just become bigger partners with the anglosphere . '', 
  most of what i read suggested that they had been cracking down on smugglers and that the route had shifted away from turkey -  greece . 
  is that wrong ? 
  except this time it will probably have actual consequences in that what motivation does turkey have now to keep refugees within its country ? 
  the rhetoric does n't matter . 
  the actual consequences do . 
  just saying , there 's a current conflict in myanmar in which buddhists are committing genocidal acts and ethnic cleansing against a local rohingya population . 
  do n't act like any group is predisposed to being good or bad . 
  how is this a good idea when turkey basically has europe by the balls regarding refugees ? 
  welp , enjoy the refugees then i guess, 
  is this a joke comment or do you really believe that ? 
  no matter who you elect , globalism as a symptom of globalization will continue to become commonplace * unless you 're okay with destroying your national economy . 
  all that 's changed is that alt-right and identitarian folk have decided that they 'll describe globalism as `` muh immigration '', 
  i agree with you . 
  i just do n't think that `` you 're not from x country so do n't tell somebody from x country this '' is a good argument . 
  when will this meme die, 
  nobody can ever talk to people about their countries . 
  / r/europe is hereby shut down in favor of small national subreddits in which nobody has to live in fear of englishmen giving them statistics about their countries . 
  i definitely recommend taking a stroll through this guy 's comment history . 
  that is a whole lot of stupid . 
  there are still remnants of isolated communities of europeans , e.g. 
  fredericksburg in texas where there 's still a small german community that speaks the texas dialect . 
   its another day and another hit piece on russia . 
  is it really a hit piece if it 's describing a something that explicitly disproves russian propaganda ? 
  poor russia , always so bullied :( ( (  this whole subreddit is hate echo-box for propagandists how do you say that unironically when the entire point of this article is dealing with russian propaganda  and promotors of war . 
  who 's promoting war , aside from the country literally making war in europe ? 
  are you trolling ? 
  am i missing something or did russia not annex crimea and occupy donbas ? 
  britain declared war on germany as soon as poland was invaded . . was n't exactly a liberation when war was declared, 
  are you a military pilot ? 
  as it happens even with gps these things are pretty common . 
  it 's ironic because you 'd think a bunch of people fetishizing an invasion to liberate france would n't stand behind a giant pussy . 
  they try to use symbols of bravery to represent themselves but elect a coward . 
  but yea no , not ironic at all . 
  thats not the point . 
  he came in saying that he might not fulfill nato obligations . 
  that has huge implications for our european partners and to top it off he basically goes against the state and negotiates with far right opposition instead ?
