  but could turkey bear the consequences of its actions if it decided to kill a political dissident with a drone on american soil ? 
  if i were a gambling man i 'd put my money on not a chance in hell . 
  a lot of idiots are saying the us manufactured the coup in turkey , but i guarantee you if turkey attacked the united states you 'd see what an * actual * manufactured coup looks like so fast it would make your collective heads spin . 
  so again , by all means come and get g\u00fclen . 
  hillary a socialist lmfao this is the level of political efficacy one would expect in somebody who 's voting for a candidate advocating war crimes and denying climate change . 
  i mean good god did you hear his `` drought plan '' for california ? 
  hiding him ? 
  he 's done nothing wrong and is free to live his life in the united states , more so now than ever seeing as the fucking maniac at the head of turkey wants to punish him for something he had nothing to do with . 
  if turkey wants g\u00fclen , then by all means they can come and get him . 
  until then , g\u00fclen is safe living in the united states as he should be . 
  it was largely over britain losing control of iran 's oil anyway after it was nationalized . 
  well i mean generally murder is n't a great thing, 
  it does n't sound so bad except for the g. which sounds absolutely horrible . 
  far fewer then , i suppose . 
  luckily the only death was the suicide bomber though . 
  plus that 's pretty different than a car bomb . 
  take it easy on the spoilers , not everybody is there yet . 
  also rip, 
  yea , but the walls have done their actual job , i.e. 
  stop major terror attacks in the city . 
  no more car bombs . 
  palestinians have had to resort to knife attacks . 
  it 's just generally a bad move in any culture, 
   any californian regulation is a regulation in the us . 
  sure . 
  but that does not make it a us regulation , it 's still a state regulation because a us regulation implies federal implementation . 
   other places restrict other things , like say sale of alcohol . 
  this , likewise , does not mean the entire us is a dry county . 
  nor does it mean entire states are dry counties . 
  these are county/parish regulations . 
   those too are regulation in us yet they are n't us regulations . 
  you said it yourself , they 're regulations within the us . 
  particularly , states and/or counties/parishes . 
   there are lots of different , often contradictory regulations in us as you are a big stupid hodgepodge of amendments , regulations , congressional threats to withdraw highway funding and other weird shit . 
  if you do n't know what you 're talking about it 's generally better not to talk . 
   nobody will give half a rat 's ass if you live somewhere where sales of alcohol on sunday are banned but sizes of magazines are unlimited instead of vice versa . 
  / r/europe is against the death penalty until something happens that they do n't like and suddenly people are literally calling for bringing out guillotines and `` hanging them from the walls of their parliaments . '', 
  this sub sure is something these days, 
  what is the relevance of this comment to the conversation at hand ? 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  the point is that you 're horribly wrong if you think that the majority opinion on reddit is pro-circumcision . 
  have you ever been on reddit before literally every time this comes up it 's the exact same thing , i.e. 
  completely anti-circumcision . 
  do n't act like you are n't the overwhelming majority on this website for victim points . 
  what 's your explanation for american investors as well ? 
  are we planning on annexing ukraine ? 
  the fact of the matter is that this has to do with business being business . 
  ukraine has * plenty * on its plate before it can even consider being a part of the eu . 
  ukraine wo n't be the next eu expansion any time soon . 
  and when the time comes , they will be ready and adherent to the eu standards for entering the union . 
  currently , however , your fears are unfounded , especially with their current border crisis . 
  who said anything about expansion ? 
  this is business involving private enterprise . 
  stop shoehorning in your own agenda . 
  a russia that is more a member of the european community than one that is driving itself towards isolation, 
  i mean that 's a pretty obvious statement . 
  but it denies the reality that russia and the eu are diametrically opposed and will continue to butt heads in eastern europe . 
  so yes , stability in europe can only be accomplished with russia ; personally i 'd love to see a more eurocentric russia , i think that would be so beneficial for the entire continent . 
  but i do n't think anybody 's putting their money on this really happening when ukraine is still an active conflict that i do n't see being resolved any time soon, 
  really ? 
  i think we 'd all love a decent source for this claim . 
  it 's okay , in the us we have oxnard and yakima among many others, 
   gloucestershire  liverpool  slough  tewkesbury eh, 
   you 're not actually thinking that you proved `` the fact '' that economies are always fragile with pointing to a random economic crisis , are you ? 
  if you were n't so busy shitposting maybe you 'd have time to realize that the 1997 asian economic crisis is a * textbook * example of the way the economic failure of one country can spiral out of control and take down an entire region , even when the other countries were financially stable . 
  as such it 's fucking retarded to assume that the reason for europe 's brexit-induced economic woes were symptomatic of a problem in the structure of the european union , rather than just being the product of britain causing massive financial uncertainty which always damages international markets . 
  the asian financial crisis is not just some random crisis - it is completely relevant to what 's happening in europe , with a single country 's stupidity harming the entire region . 
  luckily it is n't as extreme , since multiple countries would be declaring bankruptcy , but the core concept is the same . 
  markets are fragile and one country can start a reaction that extends far from the original country . 
  this is a pretty stupid sentiment . 
  economies are always fragile - the 1997 asian financial crisis is a prime example of this fact . 
  it 's no surprise that britain shooting itself in the foot causes economic uncertainty in the region . 
   so you are ok with ignoring referenda that do not support your country oh my god . 
  i 'll put it in bold so maybe you 'll read it this time . 
  ** the referendum you linked showed all the countries in europe that did secede did not take part in that referendum and instead had their own national secession votes . 
  ** it 's not ignoring it you fucking oaf , that 's a full acknowledgement of the article which is more than you 've done . 
   but keep on insisting until the popular vote changes . 
  i see . 
  lmfao , * what *  what happens in between is immaterial to you . 
  i guess you are ok with the illegal war in iraq , including sanctions that killed almost a million children . 
  after all iraq is now a shining beacon of democracy in the middle east , exporting peace and mcdonalds to the region . 
  those millions that died and tens of millions that suffered great harm from the war have been sacrificed for a good cause . 
  god you 're a fucking tool . 
  i was never for invading iraq . 
  the working class that you know so much about however , they certainly were . 
  but yea go ahead , joke about human suffering to fit your agenda . 
  really ? 
  so i guess you 're ok with europe tagging along with the illegal war in iraq , being called ` old europe ' for daring to stand up crime ? 
  how bright can you be if you answer somebody criticizing your use of strawman arguments with another strawman argument ? 
  and yes , that is a strawman since nowhere was that even remotely implied yet you say it anyway because it 's a false argument that gives you an easily defendable position . 
  also really ? 
  do you get upset every time you 're referred to as the old world as well ? 
   i guess you 're ok with the us nominally having separation of powers with three branches of government to reduce the chances of abuse remind me the connection of this above to the piece below ? 
  because once again you just keep making these kettle arguments wherein nothing is fucking related at all . 
  us governmental structure and your na\u00efve ideals of what would make world peaceful have no correlation . 
   but can not fathom that it is better for world peace to have europe maintain an autonomous and independent military tied to its foreign policy . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  europe already has autonomous militaries all tied to each country 's foreign policy . 
  they choose to be a part of nato ; that 's part of their foreign policy . 
  how do you not get this ?
