  if the united states was n't responsible for doing that , it would be one more place we would n't have to worry about and we could focus on the shift to the pacific . 
  hey , that massive earthquake will send us north to hang with oregon and washington , thank you . 
   you 're mixing up tsarist russia ( which policy indeed was forceful russification ) and the ussr . 
  while there was state-wide censorship , literature in the native languages was * not * banned ( and sometimes quite opposite , that is , supported ) , and people were * not * forced to become russian , especially after stalin died ( although being able to speak widely used international language was certainly a serious advantage ) . 
  how exactly ussr `` broke down other cultures '' when it was during ussr time when , for instance , quite a few minority languages were uplifted and given a writing system , and there were programs supporting minority cultures ? 
  ussr language and cultural policy was much more complex and diverse thing than just `` forceful russification and assimilation '' . 
  during the twenties and early thirties you are right in that minority languages , particularly the turkic ones , were given alphabets . 
  these were initially latin based . 
  at this time nationalism in the socialist project was indeed promoted . 
  during the mid thirties to early 50s , however , the same can not be said . 
   after stalin , a russified georgian , became undisputed leader of the soviet union , the russian language gained greater emphasis . 
  in 1938 , russian became a required subject of study in every soviet school , including those in which a non-russian language was the principal medium of instruction for other subjects ( e.g. , mathematics , science , and social studies ) . 
  in 1939 , non-russian languages that had been given latin-based scripts in the late 1920s were given new scripts based on the cyrillic script . 
  one likely rationale for these decisions was the sense of impending war and that russian was the language of command in the red army . 
  before and during world war ii , joseph stalin deported to central asia and siberia several entire nationalities for their suspected collaboration with the german invaders : volga germans , crimean tatars , chechens , ingush , balkars , kalmyks , and others . 
  shortly after the war , he deported many ukrainians and balts to siberia as well . 
  [ 23 ] after the war the leading role of the russian people in the soviet family of nations and nationalities was promoted by stalin and his successors . 
  this shift was most clearly underscored by communist party general secretary stalin 's victory day toast to the russian people in may 1945 : [ 24 ]  `` i would like to raise a toast to the health of our soviet people and , before all , the russian people . 
  i drink , before all , to the health of the russian people , because in this war they earned general recognition as the leading force of the soviet union among all the nationalities of our country . '', 
   naming the russian nation the primus inter pares was a total turnabout from stalin 's declaration 20 years earlier ( heralding the korenizatsiya policy ) that `` the first immediate task of our party is vigorously to combat the survivals of great-russian chauvinism . '', 
  although the official literature on nationalities and languages in subsequent years continued to speak of there being 130 equal languages in the ussr , in practice a hierarchy was endorsed in which some nationalities and languages were given special roles or viewed as having different long-term futures . 
  after stalin , as with most things , policy became less extreme and kruschev helped some non-russian languages in the russian rsfsr . 
  brezhnev , on the other hand , did a complete 180 and turned many of kruschev 's policies around and continued to promote russian language and culture until around 1980 . 
  but whatever . 
  there 's hardly any point to arguing anymore . 
   except i have not asked about `` russification '' , i have asked about assimilation . 
  how exactly all those minorities are assimilated when they still have their national identities , their distinct cultures and languages ? 
  usa immigrants are an example what assimilation means : they could have italian , russian or , say , chinese heritage , but they speak american , they think american and they * are * american . 
  not so in russia . 
  russification refers to forced assimilation , ie the ways in which populations are made to identify as russian rather than their traditional background . 
  to compare the united states and russia in terms of assimilation simply does n't work ; in russia historical peoples are trying to be incorporated into the nation of russia by the government , whereas in the united states the people who choose to come to the nation , as opposed to the nation coming to them , make the effort to become american . 
  hence why russification refers to forced assimilation , as they otherwise would n't want to assimilate . 
  a better example is the united states and its native population . 
  throughout the 1800s various administrations took measures to `` anglicize '' native groups that lived traditionally on the reservations ( which , unfortunately , were n't there homelands anyway , but they still did what they could to live in the ways their ancestors did . ), 
  luckily by the early 1900s these mistakes were corrected and the reservations were given greater autonomy and the federal government for the most part stopped meddling with them , and now they make killings off of casinos which would be illegal anywhere off of the reservations and in certain parts of nevada . 
  the damage , however , was done to the surviving native peoples ' lifestyles and cultures . 
  in the same vein , this is in a sense how the russian empire and soviet union tried to assimilate native populations to the russian culture ; in poland during imperial rule catholicism was suppressed and attempts were made to make cyrillic the official script for the polish language . 
  this would , naturally , make poland closer to russia and facilitate further development of russian identity in the region in the same way that the turks adopted the latin alphabet in order to promote a european/western-focused identity in contrast to the arab-esque identity that had begun to form under the ottomans with the use of ottoman turkish , which was written in and had cognates with arabic . 
  in lithuania it becomes more forced , as lithuanian literature is banned so that lithuanians would be essentially forced to become russians . 
  ie , forceful assimilation . 
   are you sure you 're not confusing tatar and crimean tatar languages ? 
  no , the tatar language is very stable now although mostly used in informal occasions , but historically was suppressed . 
   it is also insulting when integration policies are described like they were aimed at the destruction of local culture and national identity . 
  how would you describe a policy in which literature in the native language is banned , other than destructive ? 
  especially under communist rule , in which culture is inherently suppressed as part of communist ideology . 
  russian culture suffered from this as well , but it was simultaneously used to break down other cultures as well , mostly through language . 
  integration and the destruction of cultural heritage are not mutually exclusive . 
  look , you can do two things . 
  you can take the approach that is taken in western countries that have done awful things to minority populations , like my own and most other colonial nations , which is to accept and atone for the mistakes of the past . 
  turkey is a nation that has repeatedly failed to do this and they are an embarrassment because of it , and despite their attempts to be part of the west their inability to accept that their actions were terrible repeatedly hinder them in that regard . 
  or , you can continue to deny that something your nation did was destructive and wrong , and it will only hinder relations in the long run . 
  if russia wants to see its influence grow , in the future it will be most effective if it does so through diplomacy rather than military power . 
  poor relations with its neighbors due to unatoned for historical grievances will only hinder this . 
  maybe i 'm an ideologue in this regard , but i and i imagine many other westerners would love to see a russia that is able to be a part of europe as we know it . 
  after all , the west will have serious contenders in the far east . 
   please explain , if this statement is correct and russia indeed `` was used to assimilate other non-russian parts '' ( and , presumably , had the intent to assimilate baltic states ) , how comes then that after 1.5-2 centuries of russian rule baltic states still exist ? 
  in fact , scratch that . 
  provide examples of `` non-russian parts '' that russia `` assimilated '' . 
  certainly had the russians had control over the baltics for longer the russian population would have outgrown the native baltic population and the native languages of the regions would have fallen into less use . 
  as to why it did n't happen in the time the russians occupied the countries , it 's anybody 's guess between incompetence , local resistance despite forced deportations and the banning of local language literature ( particularly in lithuania ) and i think the most likely was that the russians did n't expect to lose the area and were n't in any particular rush ; russians in latvia and estonia for example made up close to a third of the population just before the collapse of the ussr . 
  but as for a non-russian part of russia that 's been russified , off the top of my head buryatia immediately comes to mind . 
  despite around 2/3s of ethnic buryats still speaking the language , russians make up almost 60 % of the population of buryatia and russian is the language primarily spoken in the republic . 
  the region that was formerly referred to as circassia has been mostly russified , with almost four times more circassians living in turkey than in their native homeland in modern russia , and crimea , which is now a strongly russian majority used to be majority tatar before most of them were deported to the east . 
  in karelia , there are only 36,000 speakers of the native language and i do n't think any finnic speakers in kola , and the tatar language in the republic of tatarstan was only recently declassified as endangered . 
  it 's a bit strange that you would ask me to point out non-russian parts of russia that have been russified , that is systematically turned into majority russians , granted that everything east of the urals arguably fits the bill , although that more likely falls into the category of russianization , which is distinct . 
  but let 's look at what [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/russification ) has to say . 
  this quote stands out - `` what the bayonet will not accomplish , the school will . '', 
  so if i had to take a guess at why russification did n't completely succeed in the west , i 'd have to wager that it comes down to local resistance above all . 
  granted stalin attempted to root this out by simply deporting large portions of minority populations and moving russians in their stead , luckily other soviet leaders seemed to always distance themselves from one another and reverse each other 's policies . 
  it 's likely that no one thing prevented russification policies under the russian empire and soviet union from completely succeeding , however to deny their existence and insinuate that the baltic states were jolly and practicing their cultures without obstacle is simply insulting , and ignores realities of today 's estonia and latvia , in which a significant portion of the countries have been filled by russians . 
  lol , sure here 's the context  not directly maybe , but russia was used to assimilate other non-russian parts . 
  given that my comment was a joke , i 'm inclined to agree . 
  and that does n't even touch on the effects that the two have on culture . 
   how comes then that baltic states still exist ? 
  your exact comment from that thread , denying that russification was used to force the baltic states into assimilation . 
  european solidarity at work . 
  well said , i 'll look more into them . 
  cheers . 
  that 's all this sub is at this point , what are you talking about ? 
  his methods of garnering support hinge on fascist for a myriad of reasons , and at best he 's merely a demagogue . 
  i personally do n't think that , were he to become president , he would actually do any of the things he says he 's going to so that 's somewhat relieving . 
  however from the bottom up his campaign reeks of the ultranationalist rhetoric that is so often used in fascist dialogue . 
  make america great again is the campaign slogan and also a great example of the above . 
  because apparently the united states is n't great now , and we need what every other fascist has harped on about since the creation of the ideology , ie a return to a glorious mythical standard that never actually existed in the past . 
  painting outsiders as a threat and a detriment to our society is pretty typical of that rhetoric . 
  the illegal immigrant issue from our souther border is a fantastic example of that mythical past : we have always had illegal immigrants . 
  even if we somehow wiped our asses with the constitution and deported 12 million hispanics , we would still have millions of illegal asians residing in the country . 
  but hey , we 're going to waste billions on a wall , so all is well . 
  never mind that most mexicans simply overstay their visas , rather than crossing through the desert . 
  but fuck it , let 's elect an average businessman with no actual policies to make our government look like even more of a joke . 
  it would be the big orange cherry on top of a nice bowl of the shit that is congress . 
  at least we would have memes though !, 
  i really love the amount of american trump blowhards that apparently occupy this subreddit though . 
  paints a nice picture of the status of / r/europe . 
  downvote away , gentlemen . 
  the thread in question involved us , british , and french intelligence agencies describing the incompetence of belgian intelligence . 
  the title , however , contained a quote from an american intelligence officer who described belgian intelligence as being `` like children . '', 
  the thread was , as such , a complete and utter shitshow of criticism deflection and finger pointing , in the same way that the inter-governmental criticism was and is . 
  i agree though , maybe an attack on the heart of the european union might galvanize european nations to further integrate with each other . 
  one can hope , although i wo n't hold my breath .
