  he does n't have the religion , the skin color , or the background that the native dutch do . 
  even if he wanted to be dutch , his features prevent him from really being a dutchman . 
  so he 's trapped between two worlds , neither of which he really belongs to . 
  so what can he do ? 
  he connects with other mena immigrants about this . 
  they 're muslims and can completely empathize . 
  so now you have a group of second generation immigrants who band together because it 's just that much easier for them . 
  now , an echo chamber can form , and like you see in / r/politics , opinions become increasingly more extreme . 
  all it takes at this point is for a first generation immigrant with radical ideology to find this group , and he provides them a connection to where they believe their background lay , and he radicalizes them . 
  this is how it keeps happening . 
  europe is not an immigrant society , and it needs to stop pretending to be one . 
  canada and the united states are , they were born from immigration and they utilize civic nationalism because of it . 
  european countries fought hundreds of years of wars for ethnic nationalism , and even though europeans now decry nationalism due to the world wars , the fact remains that unless europe goes through massive changes , they will continue to be ethnically defined societies . 
  and as such , bringing in masses immigrants who can not fit into this society will only cause further unrest . 
   http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/aug/31/tough-case-mystery-britains-falling-crime-rate http://www.dw.com/en/crime-rate-drops-to-record-low/a-15093336 http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/apr/23/crime-rate-ons-lowest-level-england-wales-police http://www.thelocal.fr/20130118/murders-in-france-fall-to-lowest-ever-level your french and german sources speak for 2012 and 2011 , respectively . 
  i 'm not sure if you just saw the headline and decided that it was good enough but i do n't think it 's very logical to claim that crime rates are falling * now * using articles published before the crisis . 
   sure it was . 
  charles manson was also american i guess we better not allow any americans into europe then . 
  yea , sure . 
  one man , versus the systematic rape of 1400 girls by a community . 
  not the brightest comparison . 
  everybody just forgets about guiana . 
   the ons also published annual figures for police-recorded crime which show a starkly different picture . 
  they record a 2 % rise in overall crime levels in england and wales , including a 32 % rise in the number of recorded rapes to 26,703 , a 21 % increase in violence against the person , and a 14 % rise in public order offences . 
   `` reports of violent crime have increased by a fifth , sexual offences by over 30 % and reports of rape by 40 % . 
  yet the police are unable to cope and more criminals are getting away with these serious crimes . '' i also think it 's funny that you claim all of europe 's crime rate is falling and yet only post an article about england and wales , and even then it seems pretty dubious . 
  and rotherham totally was n't a product of pakistanis . 
  actually a fascinating article . 
  as an american who has n't had the pleasure of going to germany , i was completely unaware that this demographic was so large , and i think that speaks volumes about their place in german society , that 2.9 million of them seem to cause no/few problems . 
  it puts into perspective just how problematic the mena immigrants/refugees are in germany , if 2.9 million can immigrate with few problems , and then almost a third of that can cause so many * on new years alone * , makes you wonder why the latter group is still being taken en masse into germany . 
  pretty sure the number of victims was in the thousands . 
  absolutely terrifying . 
  / r/askhistorians deals with that bullshit claim at least weekly . 
  it 's patently false , in the same way that the commonly posted map of countries that the british have invaded is . 
   at best they are a regional power who can hardly stand up to any of their neighbours . 
  turkey is easily one of the most powerful militaries in nato , and has the second largest standing military . 
  they could easily stand up to any of their neighbors . 
  what 's the relevance of islam in this thread ? 
   nationality  3rd century rome, 
  gotcha , thanks i misunderstood your comment . 
  for the record the parasite that hijacked my brain was a lot of wine , beer , and bourbon , for what it 's worth . 
  if you still want to know what exactly , i can procure the details . 
  anyway , have a good rest of your day . 
  no , when the west bombs isis it 's typically criticisms as to why they 're bombing isis and the effectiveness of the campaign in general , how it 's entirely america 's fault that the middle east is like this and typically with `` muh isolationism '' sprinkled on top . 
  when the west bombed al-qaeda or the taliban , it was what he commented . 
  it does n't always work like that though . 
  when i looked into studying abroad there were some schools that i could go to using my tuition that i paid at my university and others that i would have had to pay full non-eu tuition for . 
  that 's why finances were such a big deal in deciding which university i would exchange with . 
  in addition , financial aid given by the university and especially by third parties would n't always transfer over either , so even if i was paying the same tuition for my university , i would n't have many of the things that made it an affordable option to actually go to my university . 
  on something of a tangent , isep programs are generally easier to deal with financially than through other means , but it can honestly vary based on nation and university , at least in my experience . 
  interesting article , but i 'm not sure if i agree with all of it . 
  it is an interesting concept to think that the us military took after the wehrmacht in the tactical sense though . 
  being facetious clearly is n't big around here . 
  do you think i was actually saying that german women were ripe for the picking ? 
  lol , what ? 
   lem me say this , im my 35 years , i gave 0 fucks about events in berlin after 1945 . whatever happened happened with a fucking good reason . 
  they were innocent women who did nothing to deserve being raped and often killed by the `` liberators '' that then held half of their country hostage for 50 years . 
  consciously defending rape , that 's fucking disgusting . 
  anything to defend russian actions though . 
  let 's spin that line in a different way and see what you think , based on your comment history : i gave 0 fucks about the events in belgrade in 1999 . 
  whatever happened happened with good fucking reason . 
  they were raped and killed in the millions . . are you kidding ? 
  i should n't , and finland 's cost of $ 1500/year is much more inviting . 
  but on the whole not every european country is as affordable as finland while still maintaining the same policy , meaning that in countries like britain , france , and the netherlands ( i 'm not sure about spain ) that you can end up paying more for university per semester as a non-eu student than you would in the united states , in addition to travel expenses and other expenses . 
  source : looked heavily into studying abroad . 
  this was such a pain in the ass for me . 
  it really does n't encourage exchange . 
  can a russian explain to me how they or their countrymen justify their country 's activity in the region ? 
  the russians give a shit about neutrality in the same way that germany cared about belgian neutrality in both world wars . 
  it 's beyond me . 
  but i see his comments all the time and they all have the same skew . 
  that 's literally all his account is used for . 
  so why was it a failure for the us ? 
   you seem reasonable , just step back and look at the uniform anti-russia talking points in the western media which are what , exactly ? 
  you 're making an incredibly vague statement . 
  anti-russia talking points need not be created by propagandists , as annexing a part of ukraine is enough to display russian interests . 
  if you want to look into the past , you 'll find that what russia is doing right now in ukraine is textbook for them . 
  transnistria and georgia are examples of this , both have which have happened in merely the last 25 years . 
  no , propaganda is not necessary to make russia look bad . 
  their propensity to simultaneously make land-grabs and create frozen conflicts is damning enough . 
  pro-russians usually find a way to excuse this of course , however the effects on the nations afflicted are incredibly damaging . 
  in the case of moldova , moldova is unable to further integrate itself with the west due to the presence of pro-russian separatists on moldovan soil . 
  in georgia , as russian-held south ossetia and abkhazia slowly expand south into georgia , georgians find themselves equally unable to make partners in the west in regards to security ; nato would be unwilling to take them because of the conflict , and likewise with the european union . 
  in the coming few years we will be able to see what comes of ukraine 's conflict . 
  if the past is any indication , however , it will likely be another frozen conflict to prevent eu and nato integration . 
  you will recall that this was russia 's primary objection to the euromaidan in the first place , that ukraine was beginning an attempt to orient itself around europe , rather than russia . 
  should the rebels not be dealt with , russia will get its way , as it has in georgia and moldova . 
   with the understanding that the nsa , cia and the rest of the spy networks have hundreds of billions if not trillions spent in assets trillions ? 
  you understand that the gdp of the united states is ~ 17 trillion , correct ? 
   and would be able to show military asset movement from r to u if it actually happened . 
  [ ironically , nato has been for a long time claiming that russians were crossing the ukrainian border in aid-unrelated convoys . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/02/27/world/europe/ukraine-divisions-crimea.html ) furthermore it is incredibly obvious at this point in time that russians have been operating in ukraine . 
  vice made a documentary following a buryat in the russian military from ukraine back home to buryatia by identifying the posts he made on social media . 
  to deny that russian military assets are inside ukraine is to deny tangible and easily accessible evidence . 
   right now nato has assets in ukraine , which to me is provoking . 
  nato assets in ukraine are very limited and are there at the behest of the ukrainian government , which is the same justification the russians have been using for their presence in syria . 
  to deny the legitimacy of natos limited presence in ukraine would be to simultaneously deny the legitimacy of russian operations in syria . 
  now , if nato * really * moved its assets into ukraine the presence would be as noticeable as it is in the baltic states and poland . 
  you will note , however , that this is n't the case . 
   was mh-17 brought down by urkrainian fighter jet or surface-to-air missile ?
