  \\  russia invades its neighbors \\  nato moves troops to neighboring countries as deterrence \\  germans say that nato is warmongering as puppet states are set up in donbas and snap maneuvers are held on the baltic border ; nuclear strikes are simulated on warsaw what a world we live in, 
  how was it undermined ? 
  european policy was more or less in line with north american policy ( canada was more critical than the us of russia 's actions in multiple instances possibly because they have a large ukrainian population ) and hardly anything came of this general 's desire to arm ukraine and escalate the conflict . 
  to be fair at least we have canadians in our leagues . 
  i wish we had more countries in the mlb but we just take their players for our teams instead :(, 
  in the same vein one of the reasons i come here is because this is without a doubt one of the most international subreddits on this site . 
  it 's great for getting a handle on perspectives and simultaneously often showcases a lot of the great things about europe , although right now that 's a little lacking . 
  i realize that i 'm not the subreddit 's target audience but i appreciate the sub nonetheless and i plan on working in europe in the near future . 
  the us is great and i love it , but there are aspects of europe that the us just does n't compare to . 
  anyway , cheers . 
  typical . 
  ca n't even form a decent response . 
   this subreddit is about europe , so why is it that this sub is flooded with americans with little or no interest or insight in european matters ? 
  either stick to what this subreddit is about , or get out . 
  haha yea you 're right , we all just come here to turn discussions towards the united states !, 
  literally . 
  all of us . 
  now , if you 're done making fucking retarded assumptions about americans ' reasoning for visiting a subreddit on an american created and american dominated website , most of us come here because we 're genuinely interested in and/or plan on living and/or working in europe . 
  some of us just enjoy european culture and would like it if america was a little bit more like it . 
  but your bullshit about solely americans frequently subverting the discourse towards the united states is pathetically wrong ; with annoying frequency even europeans make comparisons towards the us when it makes them look better or implies something that needs doing . 
  so do n't try and give me an ultimatum because of my nationality when europeans do it just as much as the idiot who made the original comment . 
  i do n't take it you recall the last thread in which building standards were discussed ? 
  or military spending ? 
  or quality of life ? 
  or hdi ? 
  freedom of press ? 
  if you do n't , it 's pretty easy if you can recognize a pattern - despite it being a subreddit about europe , the us was still brought up by europeans . 
  in the thread about building standards it was decided that building with a wood structure was completely inferior to the european standard of building with concrete/stone , despite the fact that the buildings they were talking about were in earthquake prone zones in which wood is generally superior due to its flexibility . 
  it 's completely unfair to give us that label when reality suggests that , shockingly , even europeans make comparisons to the us . 
  i 'm not sure if you 've ever been to this sub before but if you have you 'll probably notice that we are n't the only ones who compare everything to the us . 
  healthcare , education , work hours/vacation , military , god forbid somebody brings up circumcision . 
  color revolution is n't synonymous with the west . 
  red revolution comes immediately to mind . 
  iran 's green revolution and ukraine 's orange revolution may have had western ideals in mind but it 's disingenuous to say that they were western funded , caused , or even supported in the case of the green revolution ; ironically lack of attention from the united states seems to have accidentally killed its momentum . 
  and from what i 've heard , the death of michael jackson drowned out young iranians ' voices on social media further harming the movement . 
   nations in their basic sense on based on ethnicity and culture , the differences in the uk are regional at best not national . 
  no , they are n't . 
  the united states and canada are in no way based on ethnicity . 
  the uk and france are based on ideals more than ethnic background . 
  ethnic nationalism is a far newer concept than civic nationalism . 
  china was a functioning nation state 2000 years ago and they still have massive linguistic and cultural differences across their nation despite broadening of the definition of what is han as well as the internal colonization of china by the han . 
   i 'll put it this way , someone in carlisle ( england ) can get in the car and drive to dumfries ( scotland ) and if not for the road signs would n't know the damn difference . 
  hell someone could drive from manchester to perth and barely see a difference . 
  however a trip from dover ( england ) to calais ( france ) is a trip to a whole new world , and the distance is shorter than manchester to perth . 
  even moreso , a trip from marseille to milan is only a few hours over land and is a different dimension . 
  there is no way this could work as one nation because it defies the definition of a nation . 
  yes i stand by my comparison . 
  if dover to calais is a different world then yorkshire to transylvania is like the difference between tatooine and coruscant . 
  sure , if your basis for comparison revolves around road signs . 
  nobody said there were n't cultural differences between romania and england . 
  there are cultural differences everywhere ; france historically has had a lot of regionalism yet everything functioned in the same country . 
  likewise with north american nations and our respective minorities . 
  nothing about that indicates that anything less than complete ethnic homogeneity means doom to a country . 
  likewise , it 's completely unreasonable to assume that a state like a confederated eu would be an inherent failure due to its composition of separate ethnic groups . 
  going from germany to france is like going between worlds and yet i do n't think there are two closer neighboring nations in the world . 
   why do you want to destroy my country ? 
  and european countries in general ? 
  i do n't want to destroy your country . 
  frankly , i love your country and in the scottish independence referendum i was ardently in favor of keeping the union intact . 
  however seeing the action that britain has taken and the attitudes of brexiters i ca n't help but feel schadenfreude watching britain turn into a joke , between the potential economic implications of brexit ( `` we 're sick of listening to experts ! '' ), 
  as well as the political ones . 
  especially when dealing with folks who think that britain will somehow become stronk whilst isolated in the middle of the atlantic . 
  as for european countries i want only the best for all of them . 
  however my opinion is that the best will come through unity rather than petty isolationism that will take europe right back to square one . 
  and in addition , a divided europe is a stronger russia which means a europe more susceptible to the kremlin 's will . 
  do note how most western european eurosceptic/far right parties are funded by russia , most notably france 's fn . 
   i would like britain to be a free agent personally , no problems with america , with the europeans or with the russians . 
  fine ideal , but do n't hold your breath . 
  britain 's interests are typical of western nations and i do n't see them changing in our lifetime , especially with the ever-growing phenomenon of globalism . 
  and do n't expect that voting for a party that does n't like globalism will make it any less inevitable for a country that wants to stay even the slightest bit competitive . 
   i 'm pretty sure the crimeans want it . 
  and ? 
  should russia then be allowed to invade the rest of ukraine because crimea is ethnically russian ? 
  should they be able to advance further and further into georgia because some of the ossetians wanted independence , which they still have n't gotten ? 
  is moldova obligated to allow itself to be held hostage by separatists on a minuscule portion of land ? 
   because we are one country ? 
  but why should you be ? 
  conversely , why should n't all of europe be ? 
  is a scot the same as an englishman ? 
  if so , why is an englishman so different than a frenchman , or a german ? 
  if not , why should the scots be largely under english rule when they could be their own sovereign state ? 
  why then , should a scot not just let london burn in that situation ? 
  after all , who wants to go die for an englishman when you are n't one ? 
  the problem with your idea of a nation is that it assumes that it 's based entirely on the smallest subdivision of ethnic background , when that simply is n't the case - as demonstrated by your own country . 
  the concept of a european nation follows the same logic , in the concept of european culture overall being the civic property that would define a european nation . 
  it is n't reliant on being the exact same ethnicity . 
   nothing between yorkshire and transylvania either besides the fact we are both white and somewhat christian are you just trolling or do you actually believe in the integrity of the comparison you just made ? 
   i can only find the figures for 2014 but we hit 2 % for nato then , although nato is n't the best option for us long term huh , turns out i was actually wrong . 
  britain hit 2 % in 2015 , it 's a miracle . 
  tell me , what should britain do instead of be a part of nato , considering you 're shunning the continent as well . 
  nothing . 
  it 's just hardly anymore a `` real '' job than being a politician . 
  both are completely fine in reality but you know , stones , glass houses etc. 
   the georgian situation was started when the georgians started shelling the ossetians not the other way round the eu commission placed blame on both georgia and russia in escalating the conflict . 
  however , russia still occupies the territory and routinely moves deeper into georgia . 
  as such they 're denying georgia the ability to move closer to the eu and nato so that they have to stay in russia 's sphere of influence . 
   i do n't know enough about transnistria to comment . 
  pattern recognition goes a long way . 
   it was fear of encirclement that makes russia be aggressive , do n't poke the bear and all that . 
  1 ) do you know what a circle entails 2 ) `` you made them invade all of their neighbors ! '',
