   oooo . 
  i might be `` one of them '' too . 
  you seem very insecure . 
  lmfao , what ? 
   you can say made up bullshit like you did about russia and it is `` generally accepted '' , even though it is not true . 
  you know what is true and is not generally accepted ? 
  us using russian tactics like secret prisons , toppling governments , military bases and proxy governments etc. 
  no , let me formulate this in the way you understand . 
  us could invade a country , kill millions and torture thousands and your kind would still call them the righteous ones . 
  here it comes !, 
   regarding jews/zionists . 
  get the fuck out . 
  if a racist user posts some shit and a bunch of other racists upvote it , it does n't mean / r/conspiracy is racist . 
  that 's cash man . 
  but you act like jew hate and racism are rarities which is simply not true . 
  / r/isrconspiracyracist is * filled * with content . 
  it 's simply disingenuous to imply that you do n't have a problem with racism over there . 
   again , check the top posts of all time to see what is actually popular with most users . 
  i find that the day to day postings on the subreddit are more indicative of the subreddit 's userbase , but sure , let 's look at the top few posts . 
  dog shot by cops who tried to cover it up . 
  horrible , tragic , disgusting behavior by police . 
  upvoted because people like dogs and proximity to the poster . 
  one would expect the top post on a subreddit dedicated to conspiracies to be a little . . 
  bigger . 
  emotions rule i guess . 
  gib gold for this edgy comment 3 . 
  hillary clinton buys twitter followers . 
  so a politician wants to look more popular ? 
  color me shocked . 
  what difference does this make to anything though ? 
  great . 
  hillary clinton has more fake followers . 
  third edition of how reddit was destroyed . 
  maybe we 'll see a fourth soon . 
  bernie sanders shitting on politicians , okay 6 . 
  patriot act going to expire , isis threat gon na get us all scared so it 'll renew . 
  which did n't happen last i checked . 
  so to summarize : dog sympathy , overly dramatic comments , politicians being politicians and fearmongering . 
  well i 'll give it to ya , at least there 's no jew hate up there . 
   just like there are anti-semitic cunts , cunts like bipolarbear exist too solely to prove a point . 
  i think you might be one of them too . 
  do you honestly think that people like bipolarbear outnumber anti-semites among / r/conspiracy , or are we just going to blame him for all the problems in your subreddit . 
  / r/actualconspiracies is a much better subreddit . 
  look , i 'm more than familiar with / r/conspiracy . 
  there are way too many commenters there who actively express hatred for ~ ~ jews ~ ~ zionists ( although some have simply dropped the veil and just say jews ) to be blamed solely on bipolarbear . 
  he would need to be operating thousands of accounts simultaneously . 
  in addition , a significant number of re userbase strikes one as simply contrarian . 
  look at the front page today and if you ca n't see what i 'm talking about then there 's a chance you 're one too . 
  my favorite example of this is the glorification and infallibility of russia . 
  russia could nuke lithuania from orbit and the top minds at / r/conspiracy would find a way to justify it . 
  western europe is usually assumed to be innocent unless directly proven otherwise it seems . 
  people do n't like to admit to themselves that western european countries often have aligning interests with the united states . 
  ah , the mythical * snobbish frog . 
  * am i doing this right ? 
  when almost all your interactions with russians are via internet , you can see why many americans would assume the russian people hate them . 
  i still find it interesting that the horrible things he posted in / r/conspiracy were upvoted . 
  / r/isrconspiracyracist is pretty funny as well . 
  note : cyrillic english just . . 
  does n't work, 
  i 'll be here all week, 
  sounds about as weird as japanese bragging about world war two . 
  sure , you had a moment of triumph , meanwhile your country was beat into the ground . 
  people are weird . 
  interesting that this has n't gained more attention . 
  i know that a lot of people are disappointed to hear this because the g36 is actually a really nice weapon , but i 'm excited to see what the germans can cook up next . 
   military power as much as i 'd love to see europe able to use its military power collectively , i do n't think this will ever happen . 
  so what you want is for german identity to be damaged by immigrants ? 
  is that what you want when you say you want `` brown-skinned people '' to multiply when they reach their host country ? 
  ask yourself two things : at what rate do african americans commit crime compared to white americans , and does the fact that americans have racial issues mean that europeans ca n't be hypocrites in regards to racism ? 
  there 's a lot of american self-hate on reddit , you 're right in that . 
   i did n't know we elected flocosix as representative for all of us , plus trolling happens everywhere , it 's reddit i 'm not saying he 's representative of europe . 
  i just think it 's funnily typical of this subreddit , and reddit in general to an extent . 
  it gets old . 
   ( not to mention he seems to know quite a bit on how us politics work on the inside considering he is not from the usa ) i could n't speak to that , but the implication that the u.s. is n't part of the civilized world in one way or another makes that claim . . arguable . 
   americans still have n't caught up with the rest of the civilized world , good luck now . 
  / r/europe everybody , you heard it here . 
  if you do n't think europe and america ( ie , what 's generally referred to as ` the west ' ) do n't benefit from controlling the bosphorus equally then you 're very na\u00efve . 
  but * please * , comment about my nationality instead of actually responding . 
   hey , turkey , i know you occupy one of the most geographically important positions in the world , but we 're not going to be your ally anymore over something that the world will have forgotten in 3 or so years . 
  signed , the west that wo n't care in 3 years . 
  honestly nobody will care about the kurds as soon as they stop being important in this fiasco . 
  that goes for reddit too . 
  i do n't think we 're going to shoot ourselves in the foot over it . 
  i love how frequently they throw around the word `` apologist '' around there . 
  you ca n't go against a popular opinion without being an apologist of some sort . 
  ca n't that be said about any voluntary position , like , say your job ? 
  it sounds to me like saying people should n't unionize because nobody put a gun to their head and made them take the job , but people still try to improve working conditions . 
  the admin are monetizing the site and the people that actually run the subreddits are getting pretty shafted . 
  yea , the moderators could all quit , sure they 're getting treated poorly but nobody 's making them stay , and then this website would die pretty quickly . 
  how many people do you think will be granted asylum versus how many are trying to cross ? 
  and jesus christ when they 're drunk edit : which is like more often than not, 
  there 's a lot of espionage back and forth between the two countries . 
  france is fairly notorious for industrial espionage , and apparently 5 eyes nations do the same back . 
  edit : since nobody ever believes that a european nation would do something [ so abhorrent  ( http://www.france24.com/en/20131024-nsa-france-spying-squarcini-dcri-hollande-ayrault-merkel-usa-obama ), 
   francophobe jesus christ that 's gold, 
  to be fair , i feel like i need subtitles when trying to listen to a scot speak . 
  so since you just dismissed his argument about your country ( or union , i guess ) on a whim , can i dismiss yours about mine ? 
  try mentioning the roma to just about any european and watch as their tolerance just flies out the window . 
  that 's rich . 
  potentially capable , but right now , it 's basically every country for itself and * even then * that role is n't being taken seriously .
