  the stronger the eu is , the weaker russia 's sphere of influence becomes . 
  this is a nation that once included half of germany in its sphere and now holds belarus at best . 
  and if you want to know why that is , i can spell it out for you with a four letter acronym . 
  it takes a very dense mind to not understand this  why ? 
  because the us is in it . 
  holy shit  why did crimea happen ? 
  because russia needed a buffer between the us-nato jets and its own land . 
  another big cost resulting from an alliance with the us . 
  you realize that the russian response to euromaidan was exclusively to prevent ukrainian integration and future accession into the eu , right ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're just * horrible * at geography or what , but us jets could hit literally the heart of russia from an eu member state in the baltic . 
  the russians are trying to divide and breakup the eu ; they 've been trying with nato since the fifties but have been unsuccessful due to the importance of the organization to its constituent nations . 
  the eu is an easier target , if the ukraine crisis is any indication . 
   we can protect ourselves you keep saying that , and yet you have yet to explain how it 's even plausible for the eu to protect its eastern constituents . 
  again , you ca n't even sustain an operation in libya for more than 3 months . 
  how will you curtail russian influence in eastern europe ? 
  i 'll give you a useful tip : their military is much more capable than most european ones . 
  in fact i 'd say that the only nations that could actually protect themselves against something like a russian invasion are britain and france . 
  but certainly not a sustained operation across the continent . 
   plus we are about the least desired target in the world . 
  you really think that one of the most developed areas in the world is undesirable to foreign influence ? 
   people depend on us economically ( china , the strengtening in the east as you called it ? 
  ) , spoiler : china 's trade with europe is almost non existent compared to that of the united states , japan , and korea . 
   scientifically yea this is bullshit  yet we start no wars . 
  nor do we care to . 
  - that - is why we have no enemies . 
  you literally just intervened in libya and then dragged the us into it . 
   the us is the main reason anyone sees us as a target . 
  i thought nobody saw you as a target ? 
  you contradict yourself . 
   as for the integration of eu militaries , i could not agree more . 
  it 's probably the cheaper option anyway . 
  plus the smaller nations , like mine , will finally have a feeling that their military funding results in something more than a military that ca n't do anything significant . 
  so granted that you agree that european militaries need to be integrated , implying that they currently are n't , how is it that you simultaneously argue that europe could stand up on its own to any foreign power ? 
  here 's the fact of the matter . 
  nothing you 've said is anything new . 
  hence why france left and subsequently rejoined nato , because people made the same absurd arguments in the past . 
  europe could certainly become a powerhouse , but it probably wo n't , and will continue to rely on american support until it has no choice but to start pulling its own weight in nato . 
  and even were it less dependent on north america for military support , chances are it would still remain in nato because not only would it have more equal authority in a powerful defensive organization , but there would be no actual benefit to leaving other than satisfying the european nationalist fetishes that for some reason induce this paradoxically isolationist-yet-influential pipe dream . 
  you make outlandish claims that have no basis in the current political reality and justify them with even more outlandish claims like `` once nato collapses '' and `` good ole buddy russia only attacked european countries because of the us . '', 
  these ideologue arguments display a disconnect with reality rivaling that of 13 year old american teenagers discovering communism for the first time , in that reality is irrelevant because they justify their cognitive dissonance with absurd what-ifs - `` what if america was n't capitalist ? 
  then nothing could hold back the worker 's revolution ? '', 
  sure , but that 's a what-if that 's almost literally impossible to achieve . 
  in the same way , your grandiose fantasies of european hegemony/isolation/irrelevance / utter importance in the future are nice in theory but unlikely in reality . 
  what is a reality ? 
  let 's imagine a world in which europe does move towards a singular state : europe becomes a military player , continues its alliances with the united states , canada , australasia , japan , and korea , and expands its influence into the middle east and north africa . 
  it would , however , become more of a rival to china and india rather than a collection of small nations to which they send their tourists . 
  were europe strong and unified , it would be the best for the west in the face of the rising east . 
  because maybe it 's just because i 'm a westerner , but a world in which the west is the strongest sounds a lot better than one in which the east is . 
  regardless , i think it 's great that there 's a desire for a strong , more integrated europe . 
  i really do . 
  i plan on working in europe myself . 
  but do n't act like europe is going to rise from the ashes like some phoenix and turn into the foreign policy utopia you seem to think it will , while the united states somehow falls into irrelevance . 
  it 's just not realistic . 
   their power projection is dependant on the eu . 
  it 's not . 
   we have few enemies , probably because `` we '' at the moment , refers to individual states rather than the european union as a whole . 
  europe does n't threaten anybody at the moment because it has no real power outside of its combined economy . 
  if europe ever moves to a singular entity , do n't expect that to last . 
  the east * will * challenge the west for global hegemony once it 's stable and developed . 
  and if europe does not move towards a single state then do n't expect the eu to overtake nato in military significance . 
   russia would commit political , economical and literal suicide should it ever try anything that angers the eu . 
  god this thinking is na\u00efve . 
  i remember before the ukrainian crisis people on here saying the same thing except `` russia would n't invade anybody , it 's the 21st century . '', 
  because somehow the idea of a conventional war was incomprehensible . 
  now the goalposts have merely shifted a little . 
  just like the eu is weaning itself off of russia , russia is strengthening ties in the east , and they 'll be less dependent on europe in the aftermath of the current round of sanctions . 
  do n't put them out of the picture yet . 
   they need us for our logistics and bases , we have few uses for them outside of power projection . 
  first off , the us has bases everywhere . 
  if not europe , the middle east or north africa . 
  second of all , the us needs * european * logistics ? 
  i take it you were n't present for the libya intervention ? 
  european countries could n't even sustain a 78 day conflict * across the mediterranean * . 
  i 'd love to see european militaries get their shit together , but they sure as hell are n't now , especially in logistics . 
   the eu 's combined armies are second only to the us , and big enough to prevent any attacks . 
  make no mistake , i like the us , but these kind of lies just exist to make their allies feel insecure . 
  yea , there 's the problem . 
  your armies are combined , rather than a singular entity in the first place . 
  given the blatant disregard countries like germany have for their militaries , even your numerical strength is a completely moot point . 
  you should feel insecure , because it does n't seem like anybody is actually taking their military seriously . 
  france has been better , demonstrating the will to use force in mali , britain is making a new carrier , but might leave the eu anyway , and poland the baltics are about the only others really trying to pull their weight in nato . 
  that does n't paint a pretty picture for `` eu armies . '', 
   without us they have the army , but little projection power outside of their ships for a ( very ) large region of the world . 
  without you the us has 12 aircraft carriers and bases around the world . 
  without you , the us does n't have power projection in europe . 
  the us has the army , the navy , the air force , and the budget . 
   we have more that they need than the other way around , never forget that . 
  the us needs europe to be stable , prosperous , and not influenced by russia or china . 
  german bases benefit the us , but in the big picture the us could lose them all and be fine . 
  they 'd probably just reopen in poland , romania , or turkey . 
  that 's about it though . 
  what europe has that the us needs is an economy and to not be russian . 
  what the us has that europe needs is for the us to keep spending absurd amounts of money to keep nato afloat in order to help facilitate that aforementioned stability and prosperity so that european countries can use the money on other things than defense . 
  it 's a mutual relationship , never forget that . 
  now , if europe wants to start integrating and funding its military , that 's a welcome change . 
  that would be just one less region the us would need to worry about and the shift to the pacific could go unhindered . 
  but i wo n't hold my breath for europe to take its defense into its own hands . 
  history did n't end in 1991 . 
  the theory is that were european countries doing their part , we would n't have to bother being in the region because european foreign policies are likely to be similar enough in the important areas that it would n't matter who was militarily dominant in the region . 
  what it comes down to is keeping russian and potentially chinese influence out of the region , especially eastern europe .
