   there 's borderline zero objective truth to any of what 's being spewed by these propaganda mouthpieces . 
  just one brainwashing campaign after the next . 
  as sure as i am that the entire west is hellbent on brainwashing everybody about fucking * belarus * , i do n't know what you want ? 
  what is the objective truth about lukashenko ? 
  if i were a gambling man i would say it 's unlikely to be one you 'd be comfortable with admitting . 
  if lukashenko and the west want to cooperate , it might happen that we wo n't call him out on his antics until we try the bigger fish that we need to . 
  i get what you 're saying , that the west is doing a 180 on its position regarding lukashenko and belarus , but i 'm not sure why you 're shocked by political necessity facilitating a change in attitude . 
  you 're upset that papers are using different rhetoric to describe the president ? 
  must just be the decadent west at it again . 
  no , it 's just indicative of contradiction when you say  it has been revealed that trump supporters arent poorly educated and actually make decent money ( google the exit polling data on them ) . 
  and then getting defensive about people stating that trump supporters are working class , less educated , and less wealthy . 
  also , lol @ taking exit polls at face value, 
  they still are n't mutually exclusive , and it was a belarusian that called him the first and last president . 
  that said , it 's clear that the west has reconsidered its priorities regarding belarus . 
  before russia decided to go imperial again , lukashenko was seen as a bigger problem - a relic of the soviet union still maintaining his power with what european leaders saw as too many human rights abuses . 
  now , with bigger fish to fry , western countries have realized that belarus is in a precarious position as the article implies and would rather prevent russia from expanding to the west than deal with lukashenko 's fuckery . 
  it 's not so outlandish that the west might reconsider its opinion about belarus as times change . 
   but you do realize that the european union is the strongest economy in the world ? 
  not even by much , and it 's not like europe is unified . 
   if the eu and russia cooperate , 1 ) how would they do that 2 ) why would they do that  the united states are done . 
  1 ) why would europe want that 2 ) how would russia and europe cooperating even remotely spell an end for the us 3 ) why would europe choose russia over the us ever after russia 's history of abuse towards europe  they do n't have any strong allies or trading partners , unless you seriously consider china to be a `` partner '' for the us . 
  japan south korea turkey good terms with india militarily we could be fine with fewer allies , and economically europe would n't stop trading with us and our economy is already strong in trading with our neighbors and in asia . 
  stop deluding yourself . 
   but i am saying that it 's incredibly useful to them , that the eu and russia ca n't get along . 
  russia and the eu are natural enemies , so why does it matter if the eu and the country that benefits entirely from destabilizing the eu do n't get along ? 
  as long as russia wants to reclaim the sphere of influence they think they 're entitled to , the eu will be an obstacle to that . 
  the eu and us are allies . 
  our interests are usually pretty similar . 
  this little fantasy of russia and europe skipping off together to completely abandon the us is grounded in nothing , and even if it was plausible , it would n't be the end of the us . 
  impressive that you could fit that many strawman arguments into one paragraph !, 
  he 's not saying europe should aspire to be run like india . 
  that 's a completely unrelated statement . 
  what he 's saying is that 28 languages is not a valid barrier to a functioning state if india can do so with 122 recognized languages . 
  remember , ukraine * made * russia invade , occupy , and annex its territory !, 
  russia did n't have a choice once the ukrops removed the leader they did n't want !, 
  after all , who are the ukrainians to decide something like that ? 
  i mean for god 's sake , they wanted to get closer to the eu !, 
  that 's paramount to distancing themselves from russia , and why would they want to do that ? 
  i mean for fuck 's sake - it 's ukraine 's fault russia invaded them ? 
  are you fucking kidding ? 
  `` da , is her fault she was raped - she wore small skirt , i had no choice . '', 
  there is no legitimate justification for russia invading ukraine . 
  well that 's cool , personally i like seeing them outside the west coast , but again having gone to university in texas i would n't say that all american youth wears vans . 
  because at least in austin they are n't nearly as prevalent , not nearly matching that 40 % statistic . 
  and less in other texas cities . 
  my experience in the southeast stops in atlanta but i 'm pretty sure the vast majority of what i saw there was converse . 
  but oh well . 
  i definitely would n't say that . 
  in the south they wear more tennis shoes , boat shoes , and of course boots . 
  from what i can remember , vans were n't huge on the east coast either , and god help the midwest, 
  among other things , ** white . 
  tennis shoes . 
  ** i 'm not sure why , but for some reason white tennis shoes are usually a dead giveaway that you 're a ) american , and b ) the kind of american i do n't want to meet abroad . 
  be it that friendly yet * almost * cutely ignorant older couple or the douchy crossfit attendee that i had the misfortune of meeting in switzerland , white tennis shoes are often a good way of identifying an american abroad . 
  ironically , one of my more memorable experiences abroad involved getting plastered with some americans who recognized me as a west-coaster based on the fact that we all wore vans , but that seemed like a freak incident at the time at least . 
   when eu observers are blocked from entering parts of the donbas , when there was limited access to the malaysian plane crash there was outrage and tons of assumptions and that was ok ... why should be self-censor and show restraint in this instance ? 
  it 's funny you say that , because the russians said the exact same thing in those circumstances - insisting that we wait for more details while their government simultaneously made it impossible for more details to be released . 
  i 'm not saying either is okay ; the un should absolutely be allowed to investigate this . 
  however do n't take up the victim stance just yet , because this is just ukraine applying a lesson taught by russia . 
  i have n't been to lisbon but san francisco is usually pretty cold and foggy . 
  i never thought of lisbon as a particularly cold climate, 
  i 'd say that it 's a pretty accurate comparison , as a san diegan . 
  sure , the hispanics here are n't the same as in spain . 
  we also do n't speak catalan . 
  but otherwise it sounds pretty accurate based on the feel of the city . 
  although i certainly hope madrid is n't as awful as los angeles . 
  it took me 4 hours to drive 120 miles to la because of the traffic . 
  our building regulations are fine . 
  in california , where i live , they 're especially strict because we have so many earthquakes . 
  it 's been a long time since the san francisco disaster - we 've been expecting another one and our buildings are constructed accordingly . 
  just because they are n't brick and mortar does n't mean they are n't sturdy . 
  in fact , wood is a superior material for construction in earthquake prone areas for housing . 
  in hurricane prone regions , often times houses are built from concrete since it 's more resistant . 
  [ yep !!!!, 
  ] ( https://www.rt.com/politics/katyn-poloes-massacre/ ) despite , of course , that dastardly yeltsin destroying russia one admission at a time !, 
   but a document released by russian president boris yeltsin in the 1990s clearly showed the signature of joseph stalin on the execution order . 
  phew , i guess the trail of tears was n't an act of genocide . 
  we were just * moving * them !, 
  talk to russian nationalists about the katy\u0144 massacre and see what they tell you . 
  hint : they are n't apologizing . 
  of course , i stated that the government had acknowledged the massacre in that they released the records in the immediate aftermath of the fall of the soviet union . 
  just wait until the current governmental system collapses , at which point records indicating wrongdoing will be released and subsequently have their legitimacy denied by russians once a new governmental system becomes stable . 
  see : katy\u0144 massacre . 
  definitely interesting insight , thank you . 
  frankly , to me , how the netherlands contribute is ultimately up to them . 
  but it 's important that they * do * contribute . 
  as you said , if the netherlands could shrink its land force down to fewer , more elite elements while focusing more on naval and air power , that could certainly be a very good , and valuable , route for the netherlands to take . 
  not necessarily . 
  having strong defenses while being part of nato is pretty important even if you could n't singlehandedly stand up to a country like russia . 
  for example , if the netherlands can adequately protect its border while its border is part of a larger front , then that 's more allied resources that could be dedicated to fighting elsewhere . 
  if the netherlands could n't defend itself as part of a sort of front , then you 'd need more allied resources doing the dutch 's work for them . 
  obviously , situations in which conflict would be on the dutch border are entirely unlikely , but the point is that just because you ca n't singlehandedly take on a larger power does n't mean it 's not worth being able to defend yourself . 
  now with that said , as a member of the eu and nato the netherlands has other smaller , more geographically vulnerable constituent countries that would more likely need protection , and being part of these organizations makes the dutch obligated to take part in a conflict defending them . 
  it would be unfair to the other 27 member states to have to pull the weight of a country like the netherlands , that could and historically has been be very militarily capable relative to its size . 
  i 'd say that in this case , however , given that we 're considering the difference in range with the assumption that a higher gdp/capita is better , it 's stupid to say that ukraine = romania = germany , since we 're not dealing with relative wealth but instead talking about how these countries stack up against each other in terms of simple gdp/capita . 
  if we were talking about whose citizens are simply poorer , it would be relevant since what counts as poor in romania is relevant only to romania , and somebody who makes a fraction of what a german makes could have a very similar standard of living . 
  this case however implies that higher gdp is better and as such it 's disingenuous to imply that since romania = 4x ukraine and germany is 4x romania , romania is between both since in reality germany far surpasses both of them , while romania is only ahead of ukraine by a few thousand . 
  with that said , i agree that gdp is n't necessarily a good way of identifying wealth - the czech republic for example has a relatively low gdp and yet seem to have a very high standard of living , though i 'm not from the czech republic so i ca n't say that with complete certainty . 
   you are avoiding the main question : was there consultation or was there not ? 
   why would there be ?
