  it 's up to you to prove your claim . 
   you probably wo n't care , because the us does background checks for years on individual immigrants , thing that eu does n't do . 
  you realize that we have millions upon millions of illegal immigrants from latin america and east and southeast asia right ? 
  you ca n't background check that , yet we hardly have any problems with them , especially the asians . 
   not to mention figures like merkel want them for cheap labour ( which is funny , because probably only their 2nd and 3rd generations will end up working , just like in france ) and potential future electorate , you know , because by gaining political power you actually release dopamine . 
  what the fuck are you talking about , a ) merkel does n't want them for cheap labor , because largely they stay unemployed , with unemployment staying high even among second and third gen ; leaders know this . 
  there are better alternatives for cheap labor and it 's unlikely that the german government is n't aware of that . 
  b ) what are you talking about with the dopamine and why & gt ; really . 
  the eu arrests you ( lol ) for speaking about isis and radicalization . 
  yea , alright . 
   keep the damage control up buddy.people have been arrested in uk ( funnily enough ) for fucking tweeting about stronger borders and anti-immigration , you get that fucking guy arrested for making a satire video on youtube with his dog and i 'm not even mentioning what happens in germany.people rape girls in the new years eve and what the police does do ? 
  tell you to keep the distance or stay in your home . 
  in the uk it was based on uk law . 
  this law has nothing to do with the eu , because if it did all of poland , the czech republic , slovakia , hungary , romania and bulgaria would be under arrest for talking negatively about immigration . 
  you 're fucking delusional if you think that uk hate speech laws have anything to do with the eu . 
   lastly you get hashtags saying that there are 17m xenophobes and racists in uk and how the old `` betrayed '' the young and decided their future , while only freaking 36 % of 18-25 aged people turned out to vote.not to mention they do n't even know what it was before the eu so they can judge themselves . 
  you 're the only one bringing up racism right now . 
   i 'm not that old to give you arguments consisting of dates and comparisions with good decisions made in history , but i for sure do n't get all my news from fucking facebook ( where if you 're not a leftist media outlet you get censored ) where do you get your news ? 
  because it does n't seem like you have much of a clue when it comes to the uk 's interactions with the eu , for instance the hate speech and asylum policy you mentioned earlier . 
   education from teachers with must-have gender studies , which is a trend nowadays in uk . 
  it 's like / pol / in here, 
   because i 'm done with presenting facts and arguments to people who only shout racist and other stupid labels when somebody disagrees with with them . 
  you have neither given facts of any sort nor have you been called racist because of your stance , at least by me . 
  instead , when challenged you essentially just tell people that they 're wrong ( `` hard to break it to ya , but they wo n't '' ) and then go off on unrelated tirades like below . 
   and since when being anti-eu ( which here stands for european union and not europe , like many idiots think it does ) means i 'm some kind of pro-russian propaganda shill ? 
  it does n't , nobody said you were . 
  the relation to russia in my comment was referring to the brain drain of researchers out of modern russia . 
  although being anti-eu inherently means you help to further russian interests via breaking down the solidarity of the european union . 
   let 's be serious , just because most of the people are complacents with this eu thing that only seems to give you some few more jobs and `` rights '' which you do n't actually have in practice , does n't mean that there 's no other alternative . 
  having national identity does n't necessarily mean that you 're some kind of nationalistic neo-nazis fascist , etc. 
  and being a part of the eu does n't mean you lack a national identity . 
  nothing about the eu excludes that . 
  do n't get caught up in shitty talking points that do n't make sense in the first place . 
   you literally have people `` elected '' through what looks more and more like nepotism and if you were to do a referendum across eu , more than 3 quarters would n't know how their respective representants in brussels got in their chairs . 
  nepotism is granting positions to your family , so i 'm gon na go ahead and doubt that claim . 
  i guarantee that you could say the same about a lot of people and their representatives in most areas , directly elected or otherwise . 
   the things that are going on in france and uk are related to the post-effects of colonialism that filled their countries with 2nd and 3rd wave immigrants , not all of them integrated . 
  completely unrelated but sure . 
   you then have stupid terrorism propaganda from groups like isis which create a real threat . 
  whenever you want to speak about it you 're ignored , silenced and even arrested by the eu . 
  * really . 
  * the eu arrests you ( lol ) for speaking about isis and radicalization . 
  yea , alright . 
  would n't be happy about it , but i would n't try to say that it 's undemocratic that he did . 
  unfortunately democracy does n't always produce the best result . 
  i respect the united kingdom 's choice to leave . 
  they voted for it and nothing can take that away from them but themselves . 
  however i think roughly 52 % of them are fucking idiots for doing so , and i wo n't hold back in chuckling while the uk devolves into multiple independent states leaving england isolated and with its economy in relative shambles , while germany and france benefit from the madness . 
  frankly , i do n't understand why turkey continues to make this an issue . 
  they could so easily sweep it under the rug by acknowledging it while claiming that it was the work of the ottoman government . 
  yet every time they continue to make a spectacle of it , it imports that shame from the ottomans to the modern turkish state . 
  and i say this as somebody who 's usually fairly pro-turkish . 
  if the turks would just acknowledge the genocide it would do them so much good , despite the irony in that . 
   scaremongering do you have anything to actually refute anything he said or is it all just `` muh 2 years '' and `` muh apocalyptic fearmongering ? '', 
  nobody said it was a vote about the economy , but the way it seems , lots of uk researchers will be cut off from significant eu funding that they previously enjoyed ; why would they not leave the uk for europe where they could receive proper funding for their various research projects ? 
  in addition to easier patenting within the eu ? 
  everything looks like a russia-esque brain drain ready to happen . 
  luckily  the morgenthau plan was of no significance for later occupation and policy in germany , but that nazi propaganda on the subject had a lasting effect and that it is still used for propaganda purposes by ultra-right organizations . 
  ended up being discarded with stabilizing measures and the marshall plan becoming the plan of action . 
  neither of those are synonymous in any way with globalism . 
  they 're completely separate issues . 
  there are plenty of grievances to be had with globalism , but the truth is that neither of what you mentioned fall under that category and even if you close your eyes and pretend like globalism is n't there anymore , it 'll still be affecting the uk or what 's left of it . 
  the only difference is that now you get to face it alone because of some bizarre nationalistic and isolationist pride . 
  just my cents 2 though , the english would clearly rather be more ~ ~ isolated ~ ~ * independent * from their neighbors and their neighboring economies . 
  the funniest thing is , the talking point was `` we do n't wan na be pushed around by the germans ! '', 
  well congrats , you just empowered them by sending a lot of business to frankfurt and giving them even more clout in the eu . 
  ah , spooky spooky globalism that britain will somehow resist while simultaneously becoming more relevant internationally . 
  hey buddy , wan na buy the brooklyn bridge ? 
  i love that you guys think about us enough to include the us in comments that have nothing to do with the article . 
  it really gets me off  ), 
  sounds about right . 
  russia ca n't easily extend its sphere of influence into the eu - latvia , lithuania , and estonia are all examples of that . 
  this is obviously kazakhophobia, 
  as far as i know most states do n't punish people retroactively as a matter of principle . 
  yea i mean at kiev they surrendered * 700,000 * troops , not long after surrendering some 350,000 at minsk . 
  not many other countries could keep going after such massive losses . 
  anything he can pull out of his ass to deny the poll 's legitimacy of course . 
   i am not claiming it 's predestined to succeed , i 'm not agreeing with your claim it 's predestined to fail . 
  nowhere did i claim that the agreement , which is mostly symbolic from what it sounds like , is destined to fail either . 
  the saying `` i wo n't hold my breath '' simply means that it wo n't shock me if it does fail , particularly given the current drama between croatia and serbia involving serbia 's eu accession . 
  but after all , it * is * 2016 . 
  i 'd love it if serbia , bosnia , and croatia could cooperate more effectively . 
  but if what my friends in the region have told me is true , it wo n't blow me away if these governments do n't end up wanting to compromise much . 
  dude are you fucking kidding ? 
  just because it 's [ current year ] does n't mean that two countries will be predestined to cooperate well based on a non-binding verbal agreement , especially countries that historically have bad blood between them . 
  if india and pakistan were in a similar position i would n't expect the agreement to be more than a pr stunt either . 
  just because it 's today 's date does n't mean that everything will be fine because of that fact . 
  yea i mean that does n't in any way shape or form make any sense at all , but sure, 
  it 's quite alright , i only said that because the way my friends in bosnia talk about the politics between serbia and croatia ( serbs in br\u010dko ) makes it * sound * like everything the politicians do in the region is inherently self-serving . 
  you 're right in that i do n't know the balkans as well as somebody who lives there , which is why i typically take their word on the politics in the region . 
  cheers . 
  you act like that 's a statement many of us would disagree with . 
  what the fuck is with the hostility ? 
  i 'd love if this was executed upon but knowing the balkans i wo n't hold my breath . 
  still , it 's good to have something to work towards . 
  edit : ah yea , just fuck me guys, 
   like fucking what ? 
  deport us ? 
  we 're citizens tho ? 
  do you think its within the legal the strip someone of their passports and citizenship and leave us stateless ?
