  most of them either follow world war two , or hypothetical modern conflicts between the us and russia . 
  world war two games often follow brits and americans , as brits and americans made up two of the largest contingents on the western front . 
  who knows why american game developers frequently choose to represent americans in world war two games . 
  most people typically believe that what the americans and brits did in world war two was * good * . 
  so it does n't seem inconceivable that they are portrayed as good in said video games . 
  likewise most westerners who buy these games are inclined to support the west over russia and china , so it does n't seem to be a shock when in modern hypothetical war games that the pro-western devs decide to make the largest military in the west the focus of their games . 
  and why would anybody want to play a war game in which you are the bad guy , the loser , etc ? 
  hence why there are so few vietnam games , and why they usually do n't have main stories . 
  contrarily , almost all media surrounding the vietnam war is critical . 
  so i do n't know what makes you think that everything we consume is america fuck yeah - given the success of the anti-vietnam cinema in the united states i have to respectfully disagree . 
  and for the record , i think it would be better if this battlefield followed a frenchman , brit , german or austrian . 
  i do n't want americans in the spotlight , let alone what feels like forced diversity with the focus on the harlem hellfighters . 
  it would be better just to show the war for what it was . 
   would n't it be possible to make a hollywood film about soldiers that are not from america ? 
  or a critical ( american antagonist ) film ? 
  look at the vietnam war and tell me how many non-critical war films you can find . 
  because as it happens , most of them do n't exactly portray that conflict in such an america fuck yeah light . 
   if american 's do n't feel like they are the hero or going to play an important role , they probably wo n't buy it . 
   it 's just your society , you have to be the hero 's in everything , im not trying to be a dick about it . 
  this is the stupidest fucking thing i 've read in ages every time james bond films make killings in american theaters , i think wow , this would be so much better if he was american . 
  because as you know , if it 's not american we do n't like it , as is dictated by our completely homogenous hivemind society . 
   imagine if this picture did n't say america , you 'll get people in the us complaining and trying to act like america won the war . 
  i would say it would be stupid , given that we mobilized 4 million troops and deployed 2 million to france even with our late entry into the war . 
  marginalize american contributions all you want , but it 's idiotic to suggest that the us was not a major power in the war , even if we did n't do so much as the french and germans , god forbid . 
  i ca n't imagine we got much out of it anyway . 
  as for whether or not people would be complaining , that depends entirely on when the game takes place . 
  is it post-april 1917 ? 
  then it would make sense for americans to be featured in the game . 
  they needed at least one performance that was n't a nasheed : ^ ) besides you already let australians in and they almost literally could not be further from europe . 
  they largely gave up alaska because if they did n't , the british would have taken it . 
  given the politics of the time , the americans owning alaska seemed much safer than the british owning it . 
  i 'm not saying that it should or should n't happen , but if it did , those would be some satisfyingly nice looking borders . 
  now you 're shifting goalposts . 
  i do n't know about you , but i think hundreds of thousands of dollars is a much better apology than an insincere `` we 're sorry '' from an embarrassed head of state . 
  of course , it 's not like mh17 families will get either . 
  you should generally read the link you post before posting it . 
  the us paid millions to the families , despite not formally apologizing . 
  a little more than acknowledging it happened . 
   e : u favours consistency in regulation and standards on health and medicine and food across the e.u. 
  as such we can discuss them as a whole . 
  it 's interesting that you decided not to acknowledge the aforementioned eu tax havens . 
  i guess you ca n't discuss that as a whole . 
   because its more difficult to compete in areas of food and medicine if the country right next door has radically different regulations and standards , hence why americans who want said regulation and standard would n't get it if they wanted it , you clearly did n't read my comment , because states will still have different regulations than neighbor states . 
  california and arizona are prime examples of this . 
  arizona is far more conservative than california and yet you do n't see businesses nor citizens fleeing the high taxes of california for arizona 's lower tax rates . 
  their immigration and border control policies are different as well . 
  yet the rate of emigration from arizona to california far exceeds the opposite . 
   it 'd make their state less competitive compared to the state next door . 
  yea , but it does n't . 
  states will pass laws that fall in line with what their constituents want . 
  hence why new york has such stringent gun policy , while neighboring states do n't come close . 
  maybe because the eu has no federal oversight that causes member states to compete with one another , but in the united states it hardly works like that . 
  texas ' more business friendly environment has done fuck all to prevent california from doing what it pleases in terms of legislation . 
  in terms of business and being able to save more of your own money , sure texas is more competitive . 
  what about it ? 
  if texans want a better economic environment at the expense of government provisions i do n't see it in my place to tell them what they should be doing . 
  but as a californian i 'm going to keep voting for more infrastructure development even if it 's going to take a little more out of my paycheck . 
  whereas texas has no income tax at all . 
   when these sort of standards are implemented you need to implement them everywhere . 
  i 'm all about strong federalism but states rights are important to this country so i 'm going to have to go with no on that one . 
  and it 's not like we do n't have federal regulatory agencies . 
  the epa is actually a fairly powerful and successful example . 
  however between democrats and republicans alike there is mutual agreement that the states should have the rights to choose parts of how they govern themselves . 
  interesting view of a frogfoot as well . 
  they already have in moldova , unfortunately . 
   if our politicians are as corrupt as americas then how come america has the weakest unions , american unions are typically more frequent in public sector jobs in places like california , new england , and the pacific northwest , ie liberal states whose population wants them . 
  much of the country is more conservative and does not want the same union presence that the more liberal states have . 
   least regulation , in what regard ? 
  we 've punished volkswagen far more severely than european has because they tried to skirt around our environmental regulations . 
  the last time we had an oil spill it was because british and swiss companies violated violated our drilling regulations . 
  saying the least regulation is stupidly vague and simply untrue . 
   lowest health standards on food varies from state to state , but generally i 'll agree that europe has higher food safety standards . 
   and medicine yea simply not true . 
  it may not be as rigorous as in europe but standards here are still fairly high . 
   and no universal healthcare ? 
  there 's a certain pretentiousness in assuming that every american wants universal healthcare and the only thing standing in the way is those dastardly politicians and corporations . 
  this may come as a shock , but many americans prefer the current system . 
  i personally do n't , but that 's one of those things that comes with living in a democracy . 
  do n't make the mistake of assuming everybody wants to live in the same system as you do . 
   i 've no doubt there are bad apples in both i 'm just saying that americas system is completely rigged in favor of the corporations , ours is not . 
  never change europe , never change . 
  well , change the fact that multiple eu constituent states are tax havens specifically designed to be in favor of corporations . 
  if you want to compare europe to the united states you 'll have to do it on a country by country basis because some european countries are certainly rigged in favor of corporations , whereas others are n't . 
  a little story time , i 'm a san diego native currently in austin , texas . 
  california has a more fleshed out and inclusive obamacare program , a higher tax rate , more environmental and business regulations , a fully functional planned parenthood system , infinitely better highway infrastructure , better public transport , etc. 
  whereas texas has fewer taxes and regulations almost categorically . 
  the difference has been that while texans live without access to some of the taxpayer funded amenities that california has , the texas economy has been booming , especially in austin . 
  it 's to the point that in 2008 when the economy went down the toilet , austin was probably the least affected city in the country . 
  some people view economic prosperity as more important than guaranteed government amenities . 
  so in comparing the united states and european countries , you have to understand that often times , just as it varies from the netherlands to germany , american states will often be wildly different in terms of policy . 
  ie new york compared to arkansas . 
  so when you talk about regulation in the united states do n't make blanket statements . 
  often times it 's left to the discretion of the individual state . 
   stop pretending all this focus on removing health and food standards and the overwhelming focus on companies ability to commit to fraudulent lawsuits is not the results of american involvement . 
  you understand that these trade talks are bilateral , correct ? 
  if volkswagen 's recent scandal is any indication , your companies are no better than american ones and they are represented by european politicians in these trade talks . 
  politicians who could have stopped the negotiations at any time , and yet have n't . 
   we 've made fun of your lawsuits and lack of safety in areas of food and medicine for decades , the stereotype exists for a reason . 
  lmao , the evidence for your comment is meme magic ? 
  i have to ask , are you really so proud that you do n't think a company like nestl\u00e9 would n't want to remove regulations in europe ?
