what 's a stretch is that you automatically assume all of this bullshit about somebody just because he questions the amount of separatism idolizing here . 
   netherlands has always been a part of other countries , the last country it was part of was spain . 
  dutch people revolted violently and attacked the '' legitimate '' spanish government of back then , to create an own country . 
  that was in the late 1500s . 
  legitimate government was a habsburg monarchy . 
  the dutch have entirely nothing in common with the spanish . 
  they 're all quite a distance away . 
  the dutch revolt was aided by england , france , and smaller german states trying to cripple habsburg influence in the region . 
  the only similarities are that spain is involved and country is no longer part of other country . 
   netherlands is a separatist country that was part of spain and secceeded illegitematily . 
  and now he 's calling out catalans for doing something what his own country did . 
  you 're applying a modern viewpoint to something that happened hundreds of years ago . 
   so , since you are against self-determination for a people who have an own language , culture and rights , i suppose you advocate netherlands getting back to spain , right ? 
  that 's an absolutely massive stretch and honestly not really comparable . 
  it 's more like asking whether friesland should secede . 
  in what way ? 
  salty, 
  \\* renovatio imperii * she gon na settle for greyskin, 
  agreements with nato are what you reap when you try to annex bits and pieces of other countries . 
  it 's pretty ridiculous to blame anybody but russia for this . 
  i 'd be okay with the u.s. taking more syrians . 
  i think we 'd be better able to handle them and i feel that american culture better breaks down culture barriers and promotes integration into society , being an immigrant nation and all . 
  i think it would be a good idea to take immigrants directly from the camps in syria , lebanon , and turkey though . 
  but i fail to see the relevance of his motives in this situation . 
  it seems to me like somebody was trying to spread anti-gmo sentiment via false information . 
  whether or not he 's a shill ( still a dubious claim ) i 'd rather know the truth instead of listening to bullshit just because it 's anti-gmo and popular . 
   like most us business practices it 's about making a monopoly and exploiting the little people . 
  and i fully support keeping that shit where it belongs , on the other side of the atlantic !, 
   monsanto is satan himself reborn into a us company sometimes i really just ca n't believe this subreddit . 
  ca n't disprove his argument , better call him a shill . 
  interesting . 
  europe = altruism and america = greed and wanting to personally ruin all your lives, 
  on that note , i do think the united states should be taking syrians . 
  i would be for this , but i do n't think european countries should be having to deal with this . 
  they are n't generally immigrant countries , whereas the us , canada , australia , etc are . 
  and that 's part of our culture : at the moment i 'm sitting with mexican , pakistani , french , caribbean and vietnamese immigrants as well as americans watching tv and playing pool . 
  that 's just my cents 2 . 
  does understanding why immigrants want to leave their countries mean that the countries that they want to live in should have to take them ? 
  i do n't see why a nation should be obligated to take hundreds of thousands who are there for potential wealth . 
   f the us and f russia !, 
  both have failed syria i guess we should both just leave and let the situation solve itself . 
  that usually goes well . 
  any bets on how long it would take isis to take over completely ? 
   the eu should send groud troops and fix this clusterf once and for all . 
  this is comedy . 
  you guys think you 'd be able to sort out the middle east ? 
  by sending ground troops ? 
  this is what croatians were saying two days ago, 
  well then . 
  all hope is lost, 
   people can post shit all day long and it can end up on the front page of a small subreddit but no one might upvote that . 
  how does your retarded logic hold up there ? 
  \\  / r/conspiracy \\  small good one m8 . 
  my retarded logic holds up pretty well i think . 
   and the way you `` review '' the top posts pretty much shows what you went in there to look for . 
  tragic that you could n't find it , right ? 
  :( uh . . what ? 
  i went in expecting trivial bullshit , i found it . 
  the only difference is it was more fluff than anything even conspiracy related , and less anti-jewish . 
  i admitted that . 
   the top post is not about a dog dying ( or emotions as you put it ) . 
  it is about police brutality , police lying , and their abuse of power . 
  fucking kek you think it would have gotten 8k up votes if it was n't a dog getting shot ? 
  if it was a white man it 'd just be another news article . 
  if it was a minority it would n't have even been a news article . 
   and hilary playing mental games on the population doesnt shock you but you 're butthurt enough about / r/conspiracy to throw a tantrum about it ? 
  good docile citizen , arent you ? 
  okay , you 're just typing without thinking at this point so , i 'm not shocked , but i 'm throwing an angry tantrum , and i 'm docile . 
  all in one sentence . 
  only the first of which is actually true . 
  but lmao , docile citizen ? 
  what the fuck are you ? 
  all i see is another armchair activist . 
  next are you gon na call me a sheeple ? 
  god i 'm so butthurt right now  yes if you read how reddit was destroyed , you 'd know any games that manipulators are trying to play on your senses . 
  but dont read and shut down your brain . 
  dont think beyond what you are told and what is popular . 
  you 're right , i shut down my brain . 
  if you want to know why i do n't think that reddit is destroyed , i 'll give you some reasons . 
  you 're still here , which is telling for somebody as awake as you . 
  that 's the third fucking time reddit has been destroyed as told by / r/conspiracy . 
  it 's basically like claiming the rapture is happening . 
  people keep saying it , but it never actually happens and then they just say it again . 
  shadowy manipulators playing my senses ? 
  okay , well if those manipulators show up in / r/teslore or / r/askhistorians let me know . 
  god damn i 'm spooked . 
   bernie sanders is n't shitting on politicians you cunt . 
  he 's calling out ceos . 
  did n't care enough . 
  but you 're right , my bad . 
   also , look at the next page of top posts as well . 
  cia torture post replaced by how bad the soviets were , `` replaced ''  reporter exposing cia drug smuggling was found dead , i actually read that thread . 
  even users in the thread , based on what had recently happened to him and the testimony from his wife , believe that he committed suicide . 
  whether or not he was defamed is another matter . 
   author of how reddit was destroyed being site-wide shadowbanned , fucked up , i agree that reddit has some shitty leadership . 
   reddit drama , k  fuck it . 
  you 're simply an idiot who feels threatened by the idea of being an outcast like those spooky conspiracy theorists . 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  hey well at least they 're learning the language !, 
  progress !,
