   lybias collapse wasnt good for europe , it didnt extend our influence . 
  it did by eliminating libyan influence in africa . 
  in addition it 's easier for european countries to deal with one faction of libya 's unfortunate militias than it is for them to deal with gaddafi . 
  if you ca n't see that you 're not looking at it in a realist perspective . 
   if anything it was terrible because it took away a potential partner in africa and left a rogue state ruled by militias and gangs behind . 
  gaddafi was not a potential partner for europe by any means . 
  european leaders hated him and he hated them back . 
  he was a proponent of pan africanism and pan arabism to an extent . 
  good goals depending on who you asked , but not beneficial to european influence . 
   lybia was a mistake . 
  we should either have gone in 100 % and rebuid it ( which wouldnt have worked anyway because we already failed to do that in iraq and afghanistan ) or we should have simply stayed out and let them do their things on their own . 
  the end result would have been the same . 
  it was a mistake . 
  but it happened , and gaddafi probably was a goner anyway . 
  and since it did happen , it 's best to look at what european countries actually got out of it , aside from a refugee route . 
  i never said otherwise . 
  i think they 'd be better allocated spread throughout eastern europe with other nato nations ' troops anyway . 
   just because i do n't live there anymore ( btw i am in europe ) does n't take away my passport or place of birth . 
  in the same vein , it does n't make one an expert . 
  although i do n't mean to try to deny you your birthplace . 
   let 's get this straight the only reason you are questioning my background is because you do n't like what i am saying ( `` pro-russia bias '' ) . 
  this is called an ad hominem fallacy . 
  had i supported this nonsense you would n't have thought twice about my background . 
  that 's actually not true . 
  the water is so murky in this conflict that i usually check histories regardless of whether i agree with the person or not . 
  and even then , background is important in this type of situation as it informs why somebody holds certain views so it 's hardly a fallacy . 
   your brain ca n't comprehend that there are ukrainians who do n't agree with this mess of a government . 
  i understand that . 
  most of them reside in the east and in odesa . 
  it 's another thing though the be pro-russia in many others as well . 
  it indicates a pattern of bias . 
   even with a civil war , it 's not clear to you . 
  keep reading your fox news and cnn , you are a very worldly person . 
  let 's not pussyfoot around the fact that it 's a civil war that 's only kept alive by russian intervention . 
  although it is ironic that you 'd resort to an ad hominem , after claiming to be the victim of one . 
  hint , i neither watch nor read either of those . 
  regardless , there are more important matters in belgium at the moment that i think deserve our attention more than this . 
  that at best you 're a half-ukrainian expat who lives in north america and has a massive pro-russia bias . 
  that is , not as qualified as one might be led to believe based on the statement `` as a ukrainian . '', 
  the point is that based on your profile i 'd take a lump of salt with anything you had to say about ukraine , just like i would a muscovite , or with a kievan speaking about russia . 
  i 'd be curious as to whether or not you even speak ukrainian , given your comments pertaining to odessa . 
  edited , i guess that narrows it down then . 
  point stands, 
  surprisingly interesting article . 
  okay ? 
   i have to think , what are us interests in europe ? 
  well , due to our western cultural similarities the us and canada will always be closer with europe than with other parts of the world . 
  but chiefly , stability . 
  the us and europe trade a lot , and instability is bad for business . 
  in addition , nato allows the us to have stable allies and keep russian and potentially even chinese influence out of the region . 
  ~ ~ really ~ ~ ? 
  your comment history leaves me [ unsure ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/vancouver/comments/3u9ca7/who_are_your_favourite_vancouver_characters/cxd8zy7 ) of what to ~ ~ believe ~ ~ . 
  you spend most of your time on reddit attacking ukraine and defending russia . 
  so i 'm going to take what you say with a large chunk of salt . 
  most of the industry was in the east , unfortunately . 
  i fear that ukraine will become a larger scale moldova if this conflict is n't resolved . 
  the us hardly has any room to demand these things despite the fact that europe * should * contribute more . 
  the us simply does n't have enough leverage ; if european nations left nato it would damage us interests in europe . 
  so if the us tries to force europeans into paying more they might leave and that would be completely counterproductive . 
  the us is basically stuck footing the bill for the time being . 
  the thing is , libya 's destabilization did n't hurt us interests . 
  if anything it probably helped them given that the us did n't like gaddafi . 
  in addition it helped empower european governments ' influence in africa which is definitely a us interest . 
  and on top of that , there 's no way the us would deny assistance to its allies , especially if it would have literally no negative consequences for them . 
  with the suez canal crisis where the us effectively showed the world that the british and french were no longer superpowers , the us had something to lose because the soviets were going crazy over nato occupying the canal . 
  the same can not be said of libya . 
  there really was n't enough reason to deny our biggest allies military assistance . 
   russia does n't even have the military power and it would n't suit the interests of any major european power ( ignoring anywhere else in the world since they do n't matter here ) to allow russia to project any power like that . 
  it 's amazing because you on one hand say that there 's no need for europeans to spend on their militaries because there 's no threats , and simultaneously say that european `` powers '' would n't allow russia to project any power in eastern europe . 
  because somehow western europe will simultaneously deter russian influence in eastern europe and save money cutting military spending due to lack of perceived threat . 
  meanwhile , russia currently is beginning to project its power again . 
   they certainly should do more with regards to georgia and ukraine , but here 's a thing ... the us and the uk promised to protect ukraine 's sovereignty in exchange for giving up their nuclear weapons . 
  they did n't . 
  and russia promised that it would n't invade ukraine . 
  ultimately promises are meaningless unless enforced by some convention or organization , which simply was n't present in the agreement you 're talking about . 
  as such , given that ukraine was neither in the eu nor nato nobody was under any real obligation to act . 
  we acted instead by sanctioning russia . 
  but again you contradict yourself in saying that western europe would n't allow russia to flex its power projection while simultaneously pointing to one of the most glaring examples of western european nations being * completely * incompetent at acting as a unified block opposing russian power projection . 
   so all that `` us defends europe '' nonsense is totally meaningless , they are not needed . 
  who does ? 
  it 's certainly not europeans . 
  europe ca n't even maintain a sustained military operation across the mediterranean without american support . 
  meanwhile poland and the baltic states are the only nato members that actually meet the 2 % gdp requirement . 
  the us may not defend ukraine , as they are n't part of nato . 
  but to say the us would n't protect nato members is just ridiculous . 
  nato is extremely important to the us and not following its obligations would be catastrophic to us interests in the region . 
   in-fact , you can directly point to nato as being the cause of russia 's recent aggressive stance . 
  ah , the classic nato provocation line . 
  pro-russian trolls love this one . 
  like building a missile shield to protect the western hemisphere from icbms is a provocation to russia . 
  got it . 
   i was going to say the world would be a better place if the us just stopped messing things up , but they 've already done that so badly with creating groups like isis now that it 's probably impossible nowadays . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're just uninformed or are deliberately spreading misinformation . 
  you guys should leave nato and disband your militaries then . 
  a european war in the 21st century is inconceivable anyway !, 
  what 's your excuse for libya ? 
  europe dragged the us into that one , not vice versa . 
  were they not purchased from the ottomans at a time they did not currently own athens ? 
  that 's the understanding i have from this thread . 
  edit : upon googling this stupid fucking topic , it seems that the main issue comes down to the firman that the british may or may not have gotten from the ottomans that may or may not have given them permission to take the marble from greece .
