  operation barbarossa began in june . 
  given the speed with which hitler thought he could take moscow it does n't seem like there was much planning gone wrong in that regard . 
  you 're really not helping your case when * lithuania * is your base comparison ( no offense to my baltic friends , your countries are amazing but economically stunted from the policies of the ussr ) . 
  if the ussr was great in any metric maybe it 'd be around today , but here we are . 
  the ussr could n't compete in terms of economy , technology , military , hdi , human rights , the only reason things were more `` equal '' was because it was shit for everybody outside of the party , which leaves you with . . land area ? 
  not exactly a great legacy , but at least they 'll always have tankies to defend them on the internet . 
  i heard obama himself was piloting the aircraft responsible, 
  by what metric was it a good country ? 
  the fact that once free speech was allowed it fell apart is pretty fucking telling . 
  just waiting for one of the same soviet apologists that deny soviet involvement in katy\u0144 to deny this too, 
  tbh you 're basically just parroting hitler 's excuse for his failure to take russia . 
  i 'd be interested to know which historians actually believe that greece stopped hitler from succeeding against the ussr, 
  i 've met the guy and he attended my father 's change of command . 
  great guy , definitely the cabinet pick i 'm happy about and he has his shit squared away regarding us military obligations . 
  because it 's easy for them to discredit protestors like that . 
  same shit in america during vietnam . 
  same shit in eastern europe and china in the late 80s and early 90s . 
  they 're just circlejerking , this is normal, 
  it literally says all of that in the first evil liberal media article that op linked . 
  it 's not snippets if it 's the entire quote being posted . 
  multiple other posters in this thread have linked to preskov having said it . 
  last name, 
  in fairness maltese is kind of weird too . 
  it 's very similar to arabic but with italian twists, 
  yea , i do it personally while looking east with an angry fist raised towards the heavens . 
   yeah , do n't tell us . 
  but a conversation is n't telling us , * it 's debate * . 
  that 's optimistic . 
  because all i see here is `` it 's all those idiot conservatives and those damn jews and muslims '' and `` butthurt americans and their barbaric mutilation . '', 
  in what way is there a debate going on ? 
  it 's just a huge circlejerk when these articles get posted in this sub . 
   that 's the whole point of starting a discussion . 
  that 's fine . 
  but call a spade a spade and do n't pretend like anything going on in this thread is a discussion . 
  a discussion does n't involve mass downvoting anybody who does n't agree with the accepted stance . 
  you know there 's a problem when you 're more likely to get an actual discussion in / r/worldnews . 
  considering that when the us tries to bring attention to something they think needs changing in europe they 're usually met with `` fuck off do n't tell us how to run our countries , '' maybe you guys should keep your `` concern '' to yourselves . 
  because by and large we really do n't care about it whether we 're circumcised or not . 
  do n't bother posting here . 
  everybody is just going to tell you how unfortunate you are and that your parents are barbarians for * mutilating * you . 
  for me wroc\u0142aw is kind of satisfying to say , it just looks completely different than what you 'd expect from an english speaking perspective . 
  honestly , it does n't sound * too * different . 
  do people still call it k\u00f6nigsberg ? 
  call it paranoia that people are n't exactly amicable towards the country that actively works to undermine the eu , funds far right and even nazi groups and invades european nations , lying all the while . 
  the guy keeps merkel waiting * 4 and a half hours * but surely he would n't try to make his counterpart uncomfortable . 
  maybe he is telling the truth but his track record does n't leave me very assured . 
   bringing up refugee crisis in a completely unrelated thread go back to / r/the _ dumpsterfire, 
  so let me see if i understand your logic here . 
  because putin lies like all politicians , we should therefore assume that he 's telling the truth in this instance ? 
  out of curiosity , did you say the same thing when he said there are no russian soldiers in ukraine ? 
  that 's quite the analysis . 
   occupied greek territory holy shit this subreddit is gold sometimes . 
  it 's funny how there 's always some new american politician who 's singlehandedly responsible for syria and libya , which is interesting given the fact that the french were responsible for getting involved with the latter country and the former fell into civil war just fine on its own . 
  muh `` this is exactly why trump got elected ! '', 
  the fact that russia 's gdp is 5th in europe and what , 12th in the world ? 
  is testament to how fucked up russia is . 
  if putin was really the 5d parcheesi player that putinbots make him out to be maybe a country with 150 million inhabitants and the most natural resources in the world would be able to outperform * canada * economically . 
  neither nominal nor per capita gdp paint a pretty picture for russia . 
  since my other comment got removed for linking to rt - [ why did you link that ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5ky4rr/the_guardians_summary_of_julian_assanges/dbrssif ) he literally had `` the julian assange show '' on rt. 
  assange talked up a leak about the russians and then just a little bit later he left moscow without a leak and with a job at russia today . 
  the guy literally works on russian state media . 
  lol , you 've probably responded to half of the comments in this thread , all in defense of the uk . 
  i do n't think you 're in a position to talk about taking things too seriously . 
  the fuck, 
  in a school setting there were, 
  your post would have been a lot better without shoehorning immigration rhetoric into it . 
  it 's simply not relevant in this context , even if i mostly agree with it . 
  when i was in high school , there was one transsexual student at my school , male to female . 
  she did look great once she got onto hormones and seemed pretty happy all around , well liked , etc. 
  except she still had to go to the men 's restroom even though she looked , acted , and felt like a girl . 
  luckily california has passed decent legislation regarding the issue that shockingly has n't caused societal collapse due to the occasional transsexual in the bathroom . 
   you do n't want to invest in your military , then protection has a price . 
  estonia has invested in its defense . 
  do you live under a rock ? 
  point is that finnic languages and hungarian are n't similar despite being in the same family . 
  finno-ugric is a pretty worthless and outdated classification given the large differences between ugric and finnic languages , whose existence is based on the vague assumption that samoyedic languages split from other uralic languages far before ugric and finnic languages did which is an idea that is highly disputed amongst modern linguists . 
  uralic languages are basically a clusterfuck among linguists and nobody can agree what can/should really be grouped together . 
  but at least they 're not altaic languages i guess . 
  they 're both part of the uralic language group just like russian and english are both in the indo-european language group . 
  there still is n't that much connection . 
  read my other responses . 
  still i think that helping to keep tunisia 's democracy stable is something we should take seriously, 
  how is this tunisia 's fault ? 
  denying their government support will only put pressure on the only functioning democracy in the region which , hint , wo n't be good for stability in the region . 
  but this subreddit told me we should all be afraid ? 
  according to whom ? 
  last i heard the german government used native arabic speakers to gauge whether or not the dialects and accents matched with what a levantine arab would sound like . 
  arabs are n't monolithic . 
  fair enough . 
  i was just thinking that it does n't really make a difference which brand of turkic the politician is , not trying to deny the cultural differences between the tatars and turks . 
  i saw a blonde guy speaking turkish once , turks are clearly of scandinavian ethnicity, 
  okay , highlight all you want but that still does n't imply that tatars are ethnically mongolian . 
  in any way . 
  just because some mongols adopted turkic languages and traditions , like the nogai , does n't mean that tatars are inherently a mongol ethnic group , just like we do n't call turks in turkey a greek people because they happen to be mostly greek and anatolian . 
  they 're still an ethnic subgroup in the larger turkic people . 
  why this is difficult or adversarial is beyond me . 
  mongols and turkic peoples are distinctly different ethnic groups . 
  turkic peoples are not mongols , and your link does n't imply that they are . 
  your link implies a cultural synthesis between many of the rulers of the states that formed after the dissolution of the mongol empire , which is true due to the intertwined histories that they share . 
  but [ turkic peoples ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkic_peoples ) are distinctly not mongolian .
