  even president yeltsin -- who played such a key role in bringing the soviet era to an end -- made his opposition to enlargement very clear . 
  he protested bitterly . 
  he threatened vague `` counter-measures '' . 
  and he drew imaginary `` red-lines '' on the map , designating those new democracies which , in his estimation , russia could never accept to join the alliance . 
  the message was a familiar one : that russia still viewed the west with suspicion , and would try to maintain a geographic buffer zone beyond russia 's borders . 
  a similarly outdated view was demonstrated over another event in the same year : the kosovo campaign . 
  despite our many political declarations of partnership and shared values and interests , the russian leadership still felt compelled to define itself in opposition to the west , regardless of what was manifestly taking place on the ground . 
  what we saw as a compelling case for military intervention in support of humanitarian relief and regional stability , they saw , initially , as an attempt to extend nato 's geographic `` sphere of influence '' -- again , through the out-dated `` zero-sum '' prism . 
  this attitude sparked the hasty dash by a few poorly-equipped russian troops to seize the main airport in kosovo -- a reckless piece of brinkmanship in political and military terms . 
  and even though it was clearly both pointless and dangerous , it was hailed in some circles in russia as a restoration of national pride . 
  and i think one could argue that that was the point where things went wrong , or began to . 
  at that point leadership began to see what could be , in my opinion , a very mutually beneficial relationship as a pipe dream and began to act accordingly . 
  that said , i do n't think that nato was the only avenue through which russia could have brought itself closer to the west - western europe had begun to stop seeing russia as so much of a competitor and had begun to see it as more of a partner for some time before the ukrainian crisis . 
  it does n't seem to me like russia took eu membership entirely seriously either , but i think assuming that russian leadership would have been willing to go through with the anti-corruption measures that would have inevitably been required for integration , the eu would probably be a good thing for russia . 
  of course , that ship has sailed unfortunately . 
  also , the soviet union joining nato hardly seems like something nato members would have wanted . 
  at that point tensions were scarily high and it would n't have made sense to accept the soviets into that alliance then . 
  unfortunately just not quite good enough for one of ilyumzhinov 's tournaments . 
  ukrainian integration and ( hopefully ) eventual membership in the eu wo n't be immediate by any means . 
  ideally the eu uses promises of deals to coerce ukrainian leadership into cleaning up corruption until they 're ready to become more involved in the eu . 
  hopefully the eu does n't completely turn its back on ukraine . 
   sorry , i did n't understand the last sentence at all . 
  there 's very little available information about these regions and peoples to people outside of russia , and there 's very little chance of any of us non-russians visiting a region like kalmykia to experience that firsthand anyway . 
  to put it in perspective i could tell you much more about buryatia than kalmykia . 
  as such , when somebody says that everything is fine , there 's really no information available to us to counter that claim . 
   as you see , kalmyk in my story does n't have problems with ethnic russians i never claimed otherwise , but it 's kind of a moot point if they 're having problems with their neighboring ethnic groups . 
  good god what a mess . 
  in the defense of non-russians though , as you said media does n't take much note , and in addition often when describing the non-russian elements of the russian federation , many russians will try to make it seem as though everything is perfect internally to prove some point . 
  given that the likelihood of most non-russians ending up near kalmykia is very slim , there 's not much available to counter this oft-repeated trope . 
  on something of a tangent , i think in the long run russia would have been better off integrating itself more with the west instead of trying again to become a superpower . 
  frankly i do n't think russia alone has the capacity anymore to compete on a global scale with nato and as china grows in strength i think it 's likely that they will increasingly become the dominant partner in the sino-russian `` alliance , '' and russia will eventually become more of a tool for the chinese to prod at the west . 
  whereas if the former warsaw pact countries and the baltic is any indication , closer ties to central and western europe generally means economic development . 
  but of course i ca n't see the future . 
   and again , do n't make statement when you do n't know what are you talking about . 
  georgian breakaway regions does n't have anything to do with eu or nato , the issue occured during ussr break up , as several more brutal conflicts . 
  at least one conflict was inside rf - ossetian-ingushian war . 
  and nations of ex-ussr are hostile without our help , they have their own issues . 
  ask azeri about armenian , or uzbek about tadjik . 
  do n't pretend that russia is not exploiting the situation for the reasons i outlined in that comment . 
  just because the conflict dates back to the early nineties does not mean that russia is not using the breakaway regions as a means of keeping georgia away from the west and inside the russian sphere of influence . 
  as in moldova and ukraine , the only party benefitting from the frozen conflicts is russia . 
  otherwise how would you rationalize transnistria and donbas ' continued russian support ? 
   hard to say . 
  but you know , we get the worst mafia and organized criminal from north caucasus ( family ties are strong their so it helps ) , religious radicalism etc. , these republics got huge dotations for literally everything and do not contribute to federal budget a lot . 
  so , let 's say , these people are not very popular here in moscow or other russian region , including regions with non-russian populations makes enough sense . 
   ( i 'm surprised why nobody in western media or here on reddit write about current muslim-buddists religous clashes in russia ) are there any russian sources reporting about this in english that you could link ? 
  i 'd be interested in reading about this . 
   what they do n't get , though , is that a single breakaway region sets a precedent . 
  that , and cutting border territories that lie in rough terrain means willingly endagering border security . 
  of course , in georgia 's case that does n't matter . 
  but having a mangled border is n't even the worst thing happening to georgia because of this - they 've expressed interest in joining the european union and nato , however simply ca n't integrate themselves with either due to their border conflict . 
  and this is obviously russia 's motive . 
  moldova , georgia , now ukraine have all seen the exact same kinds of irresolvable conflicts that prevent them from actually being able to pursue their interests . 
  it would seem as though national self-determination is only allowed in the former soviet union if russia does n't determine otherwise . 
  and that 's simply russia pursuing its own interests - it 's just a shame that russia 's interests require holding countries hostage in order to prevent them from joining with russia 's perceived enemies . 
  interesting . 
  i 'd be curious as to how many russians shared that opinion . 
  so do you think dagestan , chechnya , karelia , etc. 
  should be able to secede at a whim from the russian federation ? 
  or do those nationalities not count ? 
  is asking inane questions just your thing ? 
  in europe , russia is a potential threat . 
  in the pacific , china is a threat that 's only growing larger and at some point they will challenge the west for hegemony . 
  there is a reason the united states has been shifting its military towards east asia . 
   yeah i knew you would n't have a serious answer . 
  lol, 
  you have eu constituent states that can not adequately protect themselves and in the event of a conflict would require their western allies to support them and , in the case of countries like latvia , lithuania , and estonia , would need almost entirely foreign support . 
  this would require individual european countries to , you guessed it , project force outside of their borders . 
  and god forbid the conflict does n't center around europe and european armies actually have to go somewhere . 
  imagine if the united states and its allies in the pacific were attacked - i ca n't help but wonder how many european nato countries would even show up . 
  most of europe is part of nato and part of being in a mutual defense pact is , as the name might suggest , being able to provide or contribute to mutual defense . 
  projecting power outside their own borders ? 
  the conflict in libya painted a scary picture of how dependent britain and france , the two strongest militaries in europe , are on the us do perform operations even in * libya * . 
  luckily the french have demonstrated the ability to perform well in mali , largely with their foreign legion which i maintain is force to be reckoned with , however in performing large-scale sustained operations the french and british are n't self-sufficient in any measure and i do n't expect germany to be any better . 
  meh , i doubt they 'd fully close them in the near future even if germany started funding its military to where they should , but i imagine the amount of active us personnel would decrease and i could definitely picture the base being populated more with german , french , british and other nato troops rather than mostly american . 
   the us military is not here because we rely on them . 
  they are here because its convenient for them . 
  it is not convenient for us . 
  the us very much wants for europe to have capable militaries so that we can move our assets elsewhere in the world , namely the pacific . 
  so i 'm not sure how a militarily incapable europe is convenient for the us , nor am i sure how you figure most european militaries are self-sufficient . 
  californian checking in . 
  i hear texans using it much more frequently than we do . 
   are you serious ? 
  you think putin is up to this ? 
  this article reeks of idiocy , and russophobia . 
  good god it 's like a repeat of the comments during the crimean annexation  i know georgians , and i know ossetians . 
  while they got on fine during ussr , after its collapse things were not so good . 
  okay ? 
   after the 2008 war where georgians attacked ossetian and russian peace keeping troops , eu report cites both parties as responsible for escalating the blame . 
  do n't try to play victim here . 
   where russia responded in force , things have taken a bad turn . 
  no one trust georgians any more , and ossetians now have full russian military backing is that what you call it ? 
  military backing ? 
  sure , in the same way russia is militarily backing the `` rebels '' in donbas . 
  anybody with at least a half-functioning brain understands that at best it 's an annexation waiting to happen and at worst a method of preventing georgia from leaving the russian sphere of influence . 
   after georgia sucker punched them in 2008 . 
  golly russia and its client state sure have it bad  thus why they are taking more territory which was previously theirs in ussr times . 
  so there we have it . 
  so above you claim that putin would n't do this and to imply that he would makes one a `` russophobe , '' which i still find just a hilarious term , and yet here you openly admit that they * are * taking more land . 
  does that make you a liar or a `` russophobe ? '',
