  i understand your point but right now the world is far more peaceful than it was during the cold war , which leads me to believe that multipolar periods are inherently more violent . 
  i mean look at the late 1800s , when the british fought the russians all over the globe , and then the french fought the germans for supremacy - none of this screams peace . 
  remind us all how srebrenica was not an act of genocide ? 
  well , it 's very useful in preventing russia from doing anything . 
  imagine how easy it would be for russia to take land from the baltics like they have in moldova , georgia , and ukraine , were the baltic states not part of nato ? 
  it 's not just making the border countries feel safer , it 's a shield for all of the member states . 
  but you 're right , that 's all it is - a shield . 
  there 's no incentive for the other members to do anything aside from their own exclusion from the organization which could make them vulnerable . 
  personally , i think the us and probably the british would go to defend the baltics for example , but i 'd be shocked if the germans offered much . 
  they do n't see it as their fight - why should they fight and die to protect latvia from russia ? 
  would * you * fight if russia attacked the baltics ? 
  would your country ? 
  i 'm sure if they had russia 's semi-overhyped anti-air weapons the story still would have ended in yugoslavia getting dumped on . 
  \\  implying that russia is a global superpower good one, 
  nice meme but in no way true . 
  i do n't see how a multipolar world would help anybody other than the country that wants to challenge the west . 
  the last time the world was split between powers there were endless proxy-conflicts in every continent . 
  one power will always try to succeed over the other , and the means of doing so will probably be violent . 
  i assume it 's something similar to moldovan/romanian as an ethnicity . 
  it usually comes down to self-identification in one way or another . 
  mexico and canada have the same issues with classifications as the united states , especially in mexico due to historical classifications of mestizos , criollos , and indigenous peoples , although those classifications are n't really used in census data anymore either . 
  if a mexican could step in and elaborate a little that 'd be great . 
  an interesting case though is the czech republic , which is listed as 65 % czech in their census data despite being nearly ethnically homogenous . 
  this is because 25 % do n't specify what they identify as and 5 % identify as moravians , referring to the historical eastern czech duchy/province . 
  here 's the weird part about how the us describes white though , which further skews perception - in census data hispanics can self-identify as white hispanic or non-white hispanic , however often times racial data only reports the amount of non-hispanic whites compared the the number of hispanics , even though white hispanics make up roughly 8 % of the population . 
  so that leads to the number 63 % whites in america when really there almost 8 % more whites being counted as hispanic despite their own self identification as white . 
  so including the hispanics who identify as white , the number increases to ~ 73 % white . 
  do you not think belarus is a little more cautious towards russia now ? 
  genuinely asking , i always find your comments insightful . 
  i agree , i do n't know why my post is getting shat on so hard . 
  the french army 's exhaustion was literally the only reason i could think of why dice did n't put one of the main combatants in the game , not that i agree with the decision . 
  the french are the faction i 'd want to play as the most . 
  read my whole reply before responding please  all sides and countries had mutinies . 
  but the mutinies after the nivelle offensive were by far the most significant , and even after p\u00e9tain was put in nivelle 's place promising no more suicidal attacks , the french morale was completely weakened compared to before the offensive . 
   france was the most keen on offensives . 
  not only because it wanted to retake its own country , but also because offensive strategy was in the french military mindset at the time . 
  i 'm aware . 
  it was particularly visible in their artillery doctrine which favored smaller , more maneuverable artillery pieces in contrast to the germans ' larger , less maneuverable pieces . 
  this was the doctrine put in place after 1871 when the french decided that they would never put themselves on the defensive again . 
   france was the second most powerful land army in ww1 , after the germans . 
  so france had the first land army among the allies . 
  that 's not up to debate . 
  that 's a reality . 
  i never denied that the french were powerful , i do n't know what would lead you to believe i thought otherwise . 
  i was just trying to rationalize why on earth dice would not include them . 
   at the end of the war , french marshal foch was made supreme commander of all coordinated allied forces . 
  france was the main victor of ww1 . 
  ( yes , yes , france would n't have won without its allies , i know ) . 
  never doubted that , i do n't get where you 're getting this from . 
   so excluding france in a wwi game is ludicrous no matter how one looks at it . 
  i 've been in agreement the entire time . 
  i was trying to think of a possible why dice apparently does n't think france deserves a spot . 
  i 'd prefer to play as france over other nations ; i 'd want to use the lebel especially . 
  inb4 `` americans think they won the war singlehandedly lololol '' shitposts for the russians it makes sense because they were out of the war by the time the game takes place , and were n't doing so hot in the first place . 
  as for the french , i 'm not sure . 
  it seems a little ridiculous to not have the french be playable , but then again after the mutinies from what i remember they were n't too keen on going on offensives , so maybe that has something to do with it . 
  or maybe dice just wants to shoehorn in diversity with a bedouin woman with tuareg facial tattoos on horseback fighting turks and black american infantrymen fighting in france . 
  maybe there 'll be a gay character too . 
   really simple , act like a biatch , get fuked . 
  the russian economy and standard of living in a nutshell . 
  the funny thing is , even now belarus is starting to move to a more neutral position with lukashenko cozying up to western european leaders in the aftermath of the invasion of ukraine . 
  serbia , meanwhile , is moving towards nato/eu membership , though their population is pretty anti-us . 
  germany and france going to war and ethnic conflict in austria-hungary , germany invading denmark , repression of poles in the countries that partitioned the commonwealth , language suppression in france , etc does n't sound great . 
  not too much in terms of ground , but they have by far the most significant naval presence in the black sea which i think is fairly important . 
   the feeling of familiarity and closeness , the mentality , way of life . 
  all these butthurt poles completely disregarding their similarities with the russians are just funny to me . 
  seems like a very steep generalization . 
  maybe the slavs in question know best what they have in common with each other . 
  i do n't see croatians stroking the idea of their `` similarities '' to the russians , as evidenced by this thread . 
  that does n't mean they endorse pan-slavism . 
  poland especially is aware that pan-slavism is basically russia 's version of the pipe-dream greater east asia co-prosperity sphere . 
  conceptually , pan-slavism sounds like a solid concept but in practice it means russian dominance over all of the other slavic groups that simply do n't have the numbers to match russia . 
  pan-ethnic concepts generally sound good but lead to exploitation . 
  for example an anglosphere would lead to american dominance between the constituent countries . 
  pan-germanism i do n't think i need to touch on . 
  i noticed that a lot more people smoked in paris compared to other parts of france . 
  given paris ' popularity , it 's easy to imagine people applying the stereotype to all of france . 
   surely they are , you 're being utterly dishonest . 
  remind me how being a dictatorial leader is mutually exclusive with being the only person since the fall of the soviet union to occupy the position of president in belarus  and the french paper that decided to place the quote right at the very end of the article on ` little presidential belarus being taken over by russian dictatorship ! ', 
  so did the french paper coerce her into saying that about her president ? 
  or did they fabricate it ? 
  otherwise i do n't see the point . 
  they got a belarusian perspective and published it , god forbid . 
  the french paper was pretty clear about the fact that lukashenko has historically been reviled by europe due to his extended presidency and the human rights and free speech violations that came with it . 
   exactly , - ` reconsidered ' , lol . 
  it 's almost like a changing geopolitical climate warrants a change in who we see as important strategically versus who we take moral issue with !, 
  it 's almost like lukashenko 's belarus is doing the exact same thing by distancing itself from moscow in the aftermath of an invasion of another similar country by russia !, 
   russia has never stopped being an empire , so there was nothing to ` go again ' with in the first place . 
  fair point . 
  & gt ; lukashenko was seen as a bigger problem - a relic of the soviet union still maintaining his power  * of course * , and it 's not like every single article in the west on putin ever remembered to mention his kgb past thus implying the present . 
  not really sure what you 're trying to imply here . 
   that 's not an opinion , that 's called propaganda driven by political necessities . 
  cute , but no . 
  after world war two japan went from being our most hated enemy , more so even than the germans for many americans , to our strongest ally in asia . 
  it was n't propaganda , but it was driven on both ends by political necessity . 
  because as shocking as it may seem , political necessity drives change . 
  hence why lukashenko is seemingly cozying up with the west now that he has realized that russia has its eye on belarus . 
  likewise , it is n't for propaganda that the west is changing its stance on belarus . 
  it just makes sense given our political reality . 
  faced with russian expansion , we do n't have room for considerations of whether or not lukashenko is a good guy or not .
