  are you fucking kidding ? 
  do n't poke the bear ? 
  you are the poster child for russian apologists abroad . 
  russia is always just the victim , forced to annex pieces of countries that do n't want to be under russian rule . 
   as for libya i take it you did n't read the clinton leaks lol i did . 
  if you think it 's about the us then you clearly did n't read them . 
  clinton wanted gaddafi gone , sure . 
  but the entire thing was about french monetary control over francophone africa that gaddafi 's african gold-based currency would have completely derailed . 
  you and the french started the conflict and obama reluctantly joined . 
  ** but that 's not even the point . 
  ** the point is that your military functioned so pathetically that you needed the us to do everything for you after a month . 
  you literally could n't even supply your naval vessels in the med . 
  i know you 're completely delusional but it 's a stretch if you think that implies that the british military is even half as capable as you think it is . 
   as for europe being united and strong i 'm sure but what would be the point ? 
  there 's no european nation , why would i want to fight for them ? 
  that 's like saying if asia besides china united they could be strong but for what ? 
  is someone from peshawar and someone from osaka the same ? 
  your problem is assuming that asia is in any way in a similar position to europe . 
  also , you do n't seem to understand the concept of a nation . 
  if germans made it across the channel and proceeded to sack london , ** why the hell would a scot want to fight for an englishman ? 
  ** whereas there is n't anything connecting south asia and east asia culturally , ethnically , linguistically , phenotypically , etc. 
  as for `` for what , '' so that european states are n't dominated by actually powerful countries ? 
  so that europe actually has a say in the world ? 
  for increased cooperation with neighbors ? 
  plenty of reasons . 
   germany 's military is falling apart by the way . 
  when 's the last time britain hit 2 % ? 
   russia was being aggro 10 + years ago when those countries joined nato ? 
  that 's the act of aggression russia never stopped . 
  hence why those countries joined . 
  georgia , moldova , now ukraine . 
  the difference is we actually responded to ukraine . 
   and libya is an american neoconservative mission , not ours . 
  it was british and french , but that 's irrelevant because it highlighted the impotence of your military . 
  the united states joined later when you could n't even keep a no-fly zone going for longer than a month and a half . 
   in conventional war we could hold our own with every country save for america , china and russia . 
  you 're hardly stronger than france or germany , which is n't saying much . 
  europe could be strong militarily , but petty nationalists who think their isolation will make them stronger will continue to hinder that until individual european states truly become irrelevant and have no other choice . 
  when russia exercises troops on the borders of the baltic states and simulates nuclear strikes on warsaw , what do you call that ? 
   oh i do n't know what occupation feels like because we actually won the battle and kept foreign troops off our shores . 
  it 's not anyone 's fault but your own that you could n't defend your own land . 
  we negotiated away your countries at yalta because it was convenient . 
  this is the british voter, 
   not a russian nationalist , im from the uk . 
  i 'm just saying if you put an army on someone 's border do n't be surprised when they response ah , sorry . 
  russian * apologist . 
  * all better . 
  but let me explain how nato works - countries that do n't want to be under russia 's boot ask to join so that they do n't have to be . 
  it 's not nato 's fault that russia has historically treated eastern europe like complete shit . 
  you may have noticed that the nato presence in eastern europe has grown from next to nothing to a small tripwire contingency in the baltics . 
  before russia invaded its neighbor for wanting to be closer to europe , this was hardly present and nato mostly just held small maneuvers in poland with russian observers present . 
  meanwhile , russia has been acting aggressively towards its western neighbors . 
  given the snap maneuvers that are becoming so common , it 's ridiculous that you 'd claim nato moved armies to russia 's borders . 
  that only happened as a result of russian aggression . 
   this is why people hate eastern europeans typical . 
  yea , keep reinforcing the belief that the uk is a prejudiced shithole towards other europeans . 
   you lot think you 're all such strong brave warriors when you 're really irrelevant and entitled nations who use my military to goad russia into war . 
  you know , it 's pretty funny you 'd say that given that i 'm american . 
  as such , you 're in no position to talk about entitled nations - your military is in such a pathetic state that you needed american logistical support to operate in ** libya ** . 
  you rely on a country literally across the world to operate for relatively short periods of time in * the mediterranean * . 
  so do n't come talking to me about people using * your * military . 
  and i wo n't even touch on your little irrelevance quip - you clearly have more experience with that than i do . 
   ugh , the uk needs to leave nato once the brexit negotiations are done . 
  actual independence would be nice . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/pix/audio/video/2012/4/30/1335773468470/barack-obama-laughs-at-co-011.jpg ), 
  \\  the baltics flee russian occupation for the safety of the eu and nato \\  butthurt russian nationalists call it a provocation \\  russia invades its neighbors when they try to leave the russian sphere of influence \\  butthurt russian nationalists call it a provocation \\  russians hold snap exercises on the eu/nato border \\  nato holds planned exercises with russian observers invited ; butthurt russian nationalists call it a provocation \\  russian aircraft harasses us frigate \\  butthurt russian nationalists call it a provocation because an american warship was in the baltic is russia just a meme country or is it really that pathetic that they have to play the victim in literally every context ? 
  `` but muh encirclement ! '', 
  do russians just not know what qualifies as a circle or am i missing something ? 
   well founded fear of nato encirclement give me a break, 
  except that russian war in europe happening right now of course, 
   `` some countries such as germany and france considered it too provocative toward russia to call this a nato maneuver '' sigh, 
  are you familiar with the term `` rhetoric '' and how affects comprehension ? 
  which is a shame because , even as a liberal , i would have likely voted for him over clinton despite his baggage regarding abortion and drug policy . 
  european interests are usually synonymous with ours , and i 'm not in the least bit surprised that trump has n't a fucking clue about foreign policy . 
  he 's simultaneously pro-isolation and pro-bomb 'em because it makes us look strong . 
  at least i know that no matter who wins , we 'll still have a lying democrat who 's hilariously incompetent at things a president should be decent at in charge of the most powerful country in the world . 
  that works for neither european nor american interests . 
  wow , that article was a rollercoaster . 
  also  the brexit camp should be laying out plans to increase uk defence spending by half to 3pc of gdp , pledging to propel britain into the lead as the undisputed military power of europe . 
  [ yes please ] ( https://i.imgur.com/rv35ors.png ), 
  wow , these are some amazing photos . 
  great post , op . 
  the interactions between the russians and japanese who were captured seem extremely interesting . 
  orientalist theory is alright . 
  it has a lot of excellent points but one begins to wonder where the line of `` other '' is drawn . 
  one could make the argument that brits view poles as an `` other , '' but what significance is that in the grand scheme of the post-colonial narrative that said pushes in most of his work ? 
  it 's conceptually interesting but it has a lot of flaws imo . 
  my university was obsessed with * orientalism * fwiw, 
   proved exactly my point.i 'm really curious about the thought-process you guys have when making statements like this one . 
  are you just dense or are you fucking with me ? 
  you understand that the european union is the anathema to russian influence in eastern europe , right ? 
   brexit was n't about breaking the fucking solidarity between european union , brits for sure do n't fucking hate the french nor the germans , they probably hate though the bureaucrats in brussels who allow potential threats to enter their country . 
  yea no definitely , an instance in which a country leaves the union has nothing to do with solidarity breaking down . 
  this is n't about hating the french , it 's hating the union which is by definition a breakdown in solidarity in the union . 
  furthermore , the uk had an asylum opt-out and would n't have been subjected to eu policy regarding immigrants . 
  the potential threats were brought in by the british years ago . 
  you 're far too misinformed to be talking about this . 
   would you allow them in your country knowing that 1 in 10k ( which is somewhat accurate , you can look it up yourself if you have that least amount of interest ) is a terrorist ? 
  any source to back that up ? 
  since of course it should be easy to find .
