  after that failed , they had no resources left to fight a war . 
  there was no way they could beat either the western allies or the soviets alone . 
  that is not losing by a hair . 
  losing by a hair was closer to germany 's world war 1 situation if the united states did n't join . 
  similarly , russia had half of europe as satellite states and now have had their economic standing passed by california and their military largely underfunded . 
   its important to understand the nuclear bomb has no military pratical value right now , you could do more damage just with normal bombs , the nuclear bomb is hard to keep , and you have to get it to the target without failing , no decent army would let you even close to a worthy target . 
  it 's a good thing we do n't really use a bomb anymore but instead intercontinental ballistic missiles , each of which usually carry 4 but sometimes more warheads , of which we can fire hundreds at a single given moment . 
  we are n't in the 40s anymore . 
  what really makes nuclear weapons a dubious threat is the mutually assured aspect of them . 
  what is worth having your entire country turned into a nuclear wasteland ? 
   russia if they wanted could wage a war agaisnt europe , and europe would not be prepared at all . 
  i agree . 
  they need to get a common army so it 's not the united states they rely on . 
   and im not even going to start with china or india , good luck with them , 1 billion people , millions of soldiers , and the biggest manufacturing power in the world . 
  millions of soldiers are irrelevant if they do n't have the technology or the means of using them outside their own countries . 
  any invasion of either country would be futile , but abroad ? 
  neither china nor india have any means of projecting power and neither of them seem to have any desire to . 
  china has its island spectacle but generally they want to be seen as international mediators rather than a military competitor . 
  which brings us back to russia , who the chinese will probably eventually start to use as a military arm via proxy , since they 're both anti-western . 
  china and india could and might change their focuses from internal to external , but speculation about what ifs is kind of irrelevant . 
   im just going to say this , india is going through the biggest farming crisis in centuries , and china is going to have 30 million eternal single man in a few years . 
  let that sink in . 
  if i have learned anything from studying history is to never under estimate a nation state . 
  well next time slovakia goes and conquers the world let me know . 
  because a nation state is only as much as its resources and the means through which it can utilize them . 
   sorry for the typos . 
  no worries of course . 
  well , i would n't call market garden a cakewalk through the netherlands . 
  for a while it was a crawl rather than a march . 
   article on that website is pretty accurate . 
  you can always read the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovo_war ) if you do n't believe how little damage nato air strikes did to yugoslav army . 
  i do n't doubt that the defensive positions provided by the geography of kosovo and tito 's fortifications were formidable . 
  but unscathed and `` we rolled back into serbia missing 80 of 300 tanks '' are two quite different things . 
   nato had complete control of yugoslav airspace , as yugoslav army only had some outdated aa systems . 
  s-300 would provide protection from air strikes . 
  for how long ? 
  sure , you might deter initial strikes , but both countermeasures and sead are effective , whereas the s-3 and 400 systems are both vulnerable to sead and expensive to maintain and supply . 
  then , you 'd have to deal with tomahawk cruise missiles at the same time . 
  the s-300 would have been an obstacle , but it would not have given you complete protection . 
   kosovo war was ended with [ kumanovo agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kumanovo_agreement ) and [ resolution 1244 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1244 ) was adopted one day later . 
  kumanovo agreement ** was not ** capitulation . 
  according to 1244 resolution , kosovo remains part of fr yugoslavia until un determinate its future status . 
  kosovo independence is against the law , and kosovo can never become un member as long as 1244 resolution is in power , which says that kosovo is autonomous province of fr yugoslavia , and not an independent country . 
  that 's fine . 
  so on a tangent , do you then accept that serbs did commit genocide in srebrenica , as per the hague 's ruling ? 
  it would seem a little ridiculous to accept one and not the other . 
  personally , i think kosovo should be split between serbs and albanians on an ethnic line as opposed to the nightmare of a `` state '' we currently have , but that 's just me . 
  if they 're in a position wherein abrams tanks are rolling into moscow , then maybe . 
  do you think that in a war over estonia russia would be willing to have its entire landscaped turned into a radioactive wasteland because it ca n't keep narva ? 
  do you think that if ukraine broke through donbass kiev would be nuked ? 
  leaders are not so keen to press the button as one might think , and i do n't see any situation in which abrams tanks are pushing the russians to the urals . 
  contrary to popular belief , countries can still lose wars without nuking everything . 
  a big threat that thought it was bigger than it really was , and was crushed by actual superpowers accordingly ? 
  there was no chance for the germans to win against the russians and the west . 
  the same applies to russia today . 
  they no longer have the capacity unless they go with full thermonuclear war . 
  my great grandfather was decorated with a bronze and silver star as well a purple heart in the first war and served as a brigadier general in the second war , so i imagine he 'd have a pretty good idea . 
  not really sure what your point is . 
   lol , you should definitely read [ this ] ( http://iacenter.org/warcrime/19_army.htm ) first . 
  yugoslav army in kosovo was almost intact even after 78 days of bombing . 
  and in the end , it did n't matter . 
  what 's the point ? 
  you could n't win even with the yugoslav army allegedly intact . 
  kosovo remains currently not serbia , and the stronk serb army was unable to prevent that . 
  i fail to see what the addition of a new toy would have done for yugoslavia . 
  also , it generally helps to look at the website you cite , because iacenter is full of complete nonsense . 
  scroll down their front page if you do n't believe me . 
   attempt of ground invasion of nato & amp ; amp ; kla ended up in a [ complete failure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_ko%c5%a1are ) . 
  unarmored albanian militants , not a nato ground invasion . 
  they had nato planes above them , but it was not a nato ground invasion . 
   if yugoslav army had aa defense system , fr yugoslavia would still exist today and would probably be a country like belarus . 
  surely you 're joking , that belarus is the height of your aspiration . 
  so the un ruling does n't mean anything to you ? 
   in 2004 , in a unanimous ruling on the case of prosecutor v. krsti\u0107 , the appeals chamber of the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia ( icty ) , located in ** the hague , ruled that the massacre of the enclave 's male inhabitants constituted genocide , ** a crime under international law . 
  [ 26 ] the ruling was also upheld by the international court of justice ( icj ) in 2007 . 
  [ 27 ] ** the forcible transfer and abuse , of between 25,000 and 30,000 bosniak women , children and elderly which accompanied the massacre was found to constitute genocide , when accompanied with the killings and separation of the men ** . 
  [ 28 ] [ 29 ] in that case i guess it does n't matter that the united states bombed serbia without a un resolution , seeing as their ruling does n't matter in this case either . 
   potentially , but there is no way the us ( for example ) would declare war because an eastern european country was invaded in a similar manner to georgia/ukraine has been . 
  well it depends . 
  they would n't necessarily declare war if they were invaded ukraine-style , but they 'd fight over it . 
  if they did n't , there would be no point to being in nato and all of the constituent countries would leave , while russia realizes that it can do whatever it wants because nobody will challenge it . 
   i ca n't see the uk or france doing that either . 
  i 'd think the uk is a bit more willing than france , but i guess i have no way of knowing for sure . 
   it 's why i actually support a proper eu military . 
  i agree completely . 
  it 's a necessity at this point , in my opinion . 
   of course you do n't . 
  you 've literally given me nothing that would indicate otherwise so ... 
  okay ? 
   in multi polar world , syrian civil war would have never happened , why ? 
  civil wars happened literally constantly during the cold war , in which the world was quite multipolar . 
   what happened in iraq would have never happened why ? 
  during the cold war russia and the us both invaded countries due to their ideological leanings , among other things . 
   and most certainly , libya would still be a peaceful country now ( 5 years ago we would have read in western newspapers how pro russian dictator gaddafi , with help of russian fascists crushed pro-democratic freedom fighters . ), 
  why ? 
  literally constantly the ussr and united states used rebels to overthrow opposing governments . 
  how do you figure more fuel in the fire would create a smaller flame ? 
   sure , but i do n't think two powers trying to fight for influence is worse than one power being capable of doing whatever the fuck he wants . 
  so two powers should use the world as their battleground until one comes out on top ? 
  yea that sounds a lot better than one power ignoring international law sometimes .
