  fascinating . 
   i really hope people could see how they are being led to a war that they never actually wanted . 
  god i just * love * the fearmongering . 
  i 'm sure we 'll be revving up the tanks to go start a war in russia just as soon as the pope stops being catholic . 
  then i have to assume you have n't actually looked . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sergey_alexandrovich_markov  he is also a deputy chairman of the russian public forum on international affairs . 
  markov serves as co-chairman of the national strategic council of russia and is a member of the presidential council for facilitating the development of civil society institutions and human rights of the russian federation  from 2006 to 2008 he has been a member of the public chamber of russia . 
  in the 2007 election he was elected to the state duma , representing united russia . 
   in 2007 , having been accused of being behind cyberattacks on estonian government 's systems , markov was declared persona non grata in estonia and in 2008 he was also expelled from ukraine . 
  [ 4 ] [ 5 ] in late 2009 , markov said that he believes the russian black sea fleet should stay stationed in ukraine `` for the next 100 years '' because he believes `` it is the guarantor of security in the entire region . '', 
  he 's also been described as a confidant and advisor to putin through his above roles and i think it 'd be hard to posit that he 's not involved in the russian government . 
  e : he 's not `` officially '' an advisor though , but he 's been involved in the russian government for some time and given estonia 's declaration of persona non grata from hacking concerns i 'm gon na take his word on whether or not russia was involved with wikileaks, 
  one of vladimir putin 's chief advisors . 
  wo n't answer the second question because it wo n't matter , who would you be to question * daddy *, 
  sergey markov today stated that russia `` may have helped a bit with wikileaks '', 
  or maybe the first lady ? 
  i know , but their logic is `` well if we did n't have this system the californians would dominate everything ! '', 
  because i guess the alternative makes more sense . 
  please dennis , tell me the ~ ~ implication ~ ~ insinuation, 
  \\  let 's stop income inequality !, 
  \\  elect shady billionaire to definitely put the working man 's interests at heart good god, 
  does that change his point or am i missing something, 
  i voted in california even though my vote literally does n't matter because it 's already a locked down blue state . 
  by your logic democratic californians would n't vote either because the state is blue . 
  but what about muh californians, 
  god i wish i felt that way, 
  they refused to open in investigation into trump 's russia business ties because it was too close to election day . 
   only used by the uk . 
  you realize it 's an american missile right ? 
   all black sea nato members excluding turkey do n't use harpoon either . 
  again . 
  all of the big militaries in nato * do * have these missiles . 
  it does n't exactly matter if bulgaria does n't have their own stock of cruise missiles if the major militaries of nato can just use theirs . 
   so basically everybody in that area except does n't have anything like that . 
  how is this so hard to understand ? 
  do you think we 'd just tell the romanians and bulgarians to do everything on their own and not just put our resources in their countries ? 
  between italy , france , the u.k. , germany , spain , the us , canada etc. 
  there would be more than enough of these missiles to essentially lock down the black sea . 
  that coupled with the strength of nato 's naval and air forces , russia would suffer extreme losses if they tried anything significant in the black sea . 
  it 's not about what romania or bulgaria or turkey has , the alliance as a whole is what matters and the alliance as a whole is very well equipped to deal with such a conflict . 
   only a couple of countries actually have an arsenal of these , pretty much all the countries you mentioned do n't except turkey . 
  not true . 
  most nato countries have either the tomahawk , taurus , storm shadow , and the french are developing the perseus right now . 
  they do n't need their own independently researched missiles because it 's fucking nato , german , french , british , and american forces would already be in the area with equipment . 
  turkey does n't have nukes but we have nukes in turkey - no reason to assume it would be any different than with conventional weaponry . 
   you would , since russia is so large you will need to reach far in land to actually start doing damage . 
  why would we need to put boots on the ground in crimea to fire on infrastructure in sevastopol . 
   yes , rusty old tubs of which one ship carries more punch than a nato flotilla . 
  this should be good . 
   they would , since what they lack in airpower they make up for in airdefense . 
  air defense shields are not impenetrable and while reddit is always just itching to jack off to the s-400 , our aircraft 's stealth capabilities limit the already likely overstated effectiveness of the s-400 . 
  sead remains a thing . 
  fact of the matter is that crimea would be isolated and likely cut off from the rest of russia in the event of a war . 
  the russian navy is small and outdated and incapable of defending the black sea against the entirety of nato . 
   you 're under the impression that you 're fighting a static enemy , you 're not . 
  there 's currently nothing there that can effectively ` fire on russia ' , there 's a whole bunch of steps between it getting there , being maintained/supplied/defended , and actually firing on russia that you conveniently leave out . 
  various cruise missiles and short ranged ballistic missiles , among other things ? 
  we have various land and sea borders with russia , we would n't exactly need boots on the ground to start damaging their infrastructure and isolate crimea , for example . 
  the fighting would n't be in crimea anyway - as the posted above said , crimea would simply be a nice place to either turn into a parking lot or suffocate through lack of resources . 
   how do you imagine getting close with the black sea fleet and ruaf in the way ? 
  have you seen the russian navy ? 
  the russian air force is fine but would n't stand up to nato . 
   they 're already in the conflict . 
  on a very small scale . 
  cheers . 
  i mean it 's not even that i disagree with him/her , it 's just that we ca n't have a single fucking thread without it being brought up even if it 's not even relevant . 
  very annoying . 
   you think they can not defend the bridge against cruise missiles ? 
  lol , how many missiles can russia shoot down at once from relatively close proximity ? 
  and for how long ? 
  the combined navy of nato is * stupidly * large , and the very large coastline that nato occupies on the black sea , especially in turkey , would be utilized to fire on russia . 
   and even if it would be succesful , you can still supply by air and sea , to what extent if the integrity of the supply route is compromised ? 
   and if that does n't suffices , they simply cut through ukraine and establish that land connection anyway . 
  easier said than done . 
  that would bring 44 million ukrainians who already have a reason to hate russia into the conflict . 
  you think that in a wartime scenario that bridge would n't be a primary target for dozens of cruise missiles ? 
  it would be extremely difficult unless they had occupied all of ukraine . 
  and even then resupplying the base would be difficult with all of the turkish , bulgarian , and romanian bases in the black sea . 
  huh how did i know this comment would be here, 
  cool . 
  hopefully the us follows suit with all of the eu members . 
  \\  move to russia i think i 'll pass, 
   is the european union a trading bloc that improves the lives of its members by setting up the best deals possible for itself , or is it a tyrant who will gladly sabotage its own interests in exchange for punishing traitors and deserters ? 
  the point is to treat the uk as it would any other non-member country , which will inevitably have economic and political ramifications that the eu can not back down on . 
  i 'm not saying that the eu should be sanctioning the uk , but it certainly should n't be giving them any of the same preferential treatment that the uk has received in the past . 
  if they want to receive the same trade benefits that they currently enjoy in the eu , they 'll have to join the eec and deal with worse conditions regarding key voting points like migration than the uk currently enjoys in the eu . 
  the eu must exemplify what it means to drop out of the union . 
  it would n't given that the country in question destabilized the entire region economically , joining and leaving when it was convenient for them . 
  supranational organizations at the scale of the eu are n't just things you can get in on and bail out of without repercussion . 
  this is n't the african union we 're talking about . 
  the uk and it 's `` muh project fear '' campaign tried to paint the picture that everything would be fine economically while britain no longer had to deal with its eu obligations ( as few as they were compared to the rest of the union . ), 
  i guarantee you that due to the politically and economically destabilizing effect that the referendum had , the us and eu will make sure that the british are n't given any leeway economically and are made to feel the impact of their decision . 
  do n't count on the eu giving the uk the same preferential treatment that they have in the past . 
  then the eu is well within their rights to punish and make an example out of the uk . 
  the new viper ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/23/ah-1z_lift_off_the_uss_new_orleans_ ( lpd_18 ) _ ( cropped ) . jpg ) looks pretty good imo , better than the original cobra at least, 
  an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure . 
  it 'd be irresponsible to simply assume that nothing will happen when russia 's getting aggressive with its neighbors . 
  good fucking god the downvotes for azeri posters . 
  even in / r/azerbaijan everything is brigaded literally a post in this thread congratulating azerbaijan on its independence is downvoted . 
  and you 're sure they 're all there illegally ?
