  this kills the crab . 
  excuse me ? 
  what would you call the removal of un peacekeepers from srebrenica in order to facilitate mass murder ? 
   to ask - is n't ; but that 's not the role of the us in yugoslavia story , as the us criminally bombed them instead of asking . 
  `` hey , can you stop slaughtering civilians based on their ethnicity ? '', 
  `` no '' `` ah well i guess that 's that , it 's their prerogative after all '' so if kazakhstan one day decided it did n't want its russian population they would be within their right to remove them in whatever way they pleased , so long as it was their sovereign decision ? 
  some things need to be stopped . 
  we know russia will invade countries to `` protect '' their russian population , and russians seem fine with that . 
   well , when the mess started there , moldova was barely `` independent '' ; moldova was as independent as any other former ssr , and that 's not an excuse either . 
  that would be like the russians occupying narva because `` well , they were n't * quite * independent enough . 
   so russians are there due to [ joint control commision ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joint_control_commission#history ) [ with both russia and moldova in ] ... it 's a long and complicated story , that happened in `` our own country '' de-facto and de-jure to some extent [ regarding the military presence in ] . 
  how do you figure ? 
  both ukraine and moldova 's independence had been recognized almost 7 months prior to the transnistria war breaking out in 1992 . 
  and the troops referring to those involved in the jcc/okk are not the same who popped up to fight against moldova . 
  which takes us back to the original point - why did russia feel it was okay to operate in transnistria ? 
  why have n't they made any steps towards resolving the conflict after almost 25 years ? 
  because it serves russia 's interests , and that 's all there is to it . 
  the legality or what 's right or russia 's business is irrelevant because the status quo has n't changed . 
  why you think this is fine but criticize nato intervention in serbia is pretty confusing . 
   putting it shortly : if you 'd bomb texas or even `` texas of the next day after it got independent from the us '' , noone would care about . 
  you 're right , if texas seceded they 'd be almost immediately forced back into the union . 
  i 'd argue that this is very different than the circumstances surrounding the acquisition of many of the ssrs and their subsequent independence movements . 
  moldova and other european countries/lands were annexed as a result of the molotov-ribbentrop pact completely against their will . 
  people care whether or not you bomb estonia for example because they 've been a nation , have their ethnic identity , and have been severely slighted by russia in the past at every turn . 
  do n't think you can say the same about texas , except that they were briefly independent . 
  the un was involved in trying to stop the act of genocide as well . 
  they were removed by the serbs . 
  at that point what do you want ? 
  they ignored the un and now moan because the us bombed them without the permission of the un . 
  if you 're going to go with a `` might makes right '' attitude you better be willing to reap the consequences . 
   who the hell are you to `` if '' anything there , in a sovereign country 's inner stuff ? 
  lmfao what and is it really so much to ask to not commit acts of genocide ? 
  and is that really `` a country 's inner stuff ? '', 
   besides , the sequence matters actually , does n't it ? 
  ; if it 's clearly shown , that there is a country ( the us ) who does n't give a fck about any international rights and stuff [ which , before the 2008 ru-ge conflict was demonstrated by the us at least twice ] , then it evokes a corresponding reaction . 
  are you kidding ? 
  russia was doing the same shit in the immediate aftermath of the fall of the soviet union that it is now . 
  do n't act like the reason you feel you have a free pass to invade your neighbors is because the us ignored international law before you fucked over georgia , because transnistria may as well have been the russian federation 's inaugural ceremony . 
  one significant change was a reorientation of ukraine 's political alignment . 
  ukraine is no longer eastward facing . 
  you would n't know that by looking at its government but euromaidan made it clear that ukraine wants to be more aligned with the eu than russia . 
  i think that 's something that 's a very important change , even if it did n't turn ukraine into a governmental utopia . 
  i may be wrong but i believe he was joking . 
  ... that 's the part of hitler 's legacy you want to avoid ? 
  despite the tectonics suggesting otherwise europe is generally still considered its own continent for a variety of reasons including but not limited to religion , culture , language , and ethnicity . 
  this definition is n't unique to the americas . 
   no european country has the death penalty . 
  do n't go shifting the goalposts on me now !, 
  belarus . 
  also , the majority of the world 's best universities are in the united states . 
  that 's not to say that american universities are categorically better , but the majority of the best ones are here . 
  if you 're going to talk about fact , it 's better not to deny reality . 
   we have human rights also misplaced pretentiousness !, 
  edit : lmao this guy 's comment history is a goldmine . 
  i fail to see his pros that outweigh the absolute absurdity of anything that does n't involve business - even his business aspects are completely unspectacular . 
  but from foreign to domestic policy he is just completely out of touch with reality . 
  for example his statements regarding nato * do not * paint a good picture for us interests . 
  the essential game of footsy he 's constantly playing with putin paints a bad picture for both american and european interests . 
  his nationalist attitudes do of course seem a lot like those of putin and even erdogan to an extent . 
  i 'm not really sure what justifies all of that foreign policy nightmare - god knows he 'll probably just put mike pence in charge of that . 
  because he does n't have a fucking clue what he 's doing ? 
  for my state he 's denied that the crippling drought we 're experiencing even exists and completely wants to disregard any of our environmental issues . 
  wow astounding explanation, 
   people taking a liberation joke seriously, 
  the thing is for nato , if they do n't protect the baltics why would anybody have reason to stay in nato if you can be deemed not worth fighting for in a defense pact ? 
  the us at least has no choice unless they want to see nato instantly dissolve . 
  which is obviously a reason for russia to invade . 
   the spokesman said the flare was fired from the area of an outdoor swimming pool , where the officers were reported to be ** duelling on kayaks . 
   an eu defence force is less cohesive than a military ? 
  assuming an `` eu defense force '' entails multiple nations attempting to cooperate while still operating under national autonomy , then yes , there is n't a chance that it could be as cohesive as a standardized military . 
  it would be like herding cats , except more than half of the cats have wildly different militaries that would be expected to to function as a single unit in defense of a territory that is extremely difficult to actually defend . 
   so you become cohesive by invading other countries like iraq ? 
  uh what the fuck are you talking about neither of those things have anything to do with the other , but sure the us military was cohesive in itself when invading iraq . 
  if libya taught us anything , on the other hand , it 's that european countries fail to properly cooperate even on a logistical level and relied on the us to supply them after a month . 
  again , it 's a cute attempt at making a political statement but it falls completely flat because nothing about iraq is relevant to literally anything being discussed . 
   because you can have an effective defence force for much less then an effective complete military because it 's * far * less cohesive ? 
   i do n't see how it benefits someone who uses divide and conquer tactics if a military for does n't use offensive campaigns ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  by dividing and conquering that denies an effective response to a threat because some people in the `` group '' always say stupid things like  military force should always be the last alternative while opponents are willing to use force as a second or third alternative . 
  it 's like people never learn from history . 
  it would be cool to watch for sure , but do many non-european nations have similar traditions of jousting ? 
  and even in europe , how many people have experience jousting ? 
  i slightly misused a word ? 
  is that all you have to say or are you going to respond to something other than vocabulary ? 
  political efficacy also involves understanding of political affairs , but whatever ignore the actual substance of the post . 
  i 'm sure hillary is a socialist and california is n't in a drought . 
   just a covert ops like mossad does all the time around the world . 
  okay , one , you 're delusional if you think turkish intelligence holds a candle to mossad , especially after all of these purges . 
  two , i highly doubt turkey would be able to actually stay covert ( also lol `` just '' covert ops ? 
  really ? ) . 
  three , again , turkey can try to kill or abduct g\u00fclen , but it wo n't like the ramifications of its actions . 
   well the us did do such things before in the past , the famous one being ajax operation , which led to todays iran . 
  yea you 've mentioned it 4 or 5 times now in this thread and each time it 's just as irrelevant as the last . 
  just because something somewhere happens , does n't mean the us did it because it may have happened in the past . 
  the best thing for the us would have been the status quo , not a fucking coup . 
  there 's no logical reason why we 'd have wanted to destabilize turkey especially at this point in time . 
  why would a country nationalize its oil and subsequently let foreign powers keep the same unfair access to their oil , particularly after that power tried to initiate a global boycott on iranian oil . 
  also , do you have any evidence for either claim ? 
  because they both scream `` extremely false '', 
  it 's a fine article .
