  if a culture places importance on virginity , it 's probable that they have at some point tested for it . 
  but * again * , i 'm sure you know more about indonesia from behind your desk . 
  any other countries you 'd like to tell me about ? 
  dutch , but i guess i could become an oppressed russian minority if the motherland called for it, 
  sad , but not in any way specific to islam . 
  so again , as somebody who has actually spent time in that area , it actually is very moderate and frankly it often did n't seem like people took islam seriously at all . 
  but hey , i 'm sure you know better . 
  aannndd , there it is . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , are you poultry in real life ? 
   can you prove that these are russian troops in crimea ? 
   can you prove that the rebels in donbas are funded by russia ? 
   can you prove that there are russian soldiers in donbas ? 
   can you prove that the kremlin pays people to shitpost russian propaganda ? 
   can you prove that it was a buk missile ? 
   can you prove that the plane was shot down by pro-russian rebels ? 
   can you prove that we are completely unoriginal in how we try to deny all of the shit our government pulls , until our government confirms it at which point we ritually masturbate to grand chess-master/bear-jockey putin ? 
  yea , i 'll take my chances and trust the source . 
  but i 'll take the bait ; given that i do n't have my radar set to `` poland '' and therefore ca n't see everything that goes on near kaliningrad , i ca n't categorically prove that exactly three helicopters crossed the polish border . 
  however , given the testimony that the polish border guard showed up i 'm more inclined to believe the poles than i am the literal personification of the `` proofs '' rooster . 
  especially after the incident in the baltic the other day , which of course was derided by russians as an american provocation . 
  honestly , it 's entirely possible that these pilots just fucked up and accidentally crossed the border . 
  it happens more often than one might expect in the military . 
  however given russia 's track record with intentionally violating airspace i 'm not sure that leniency is in any way shape or form warranted in this situation . 
  paging our resident russian nationalists to explain why nato forced them to do this, 
  do you think change and progress are synonymous ? 
  and progress towards what ? 
  i do n't take it you 've ever been to indonesia , have you ? 
  if you 've ever been to jakarta you 'll agree that they are hardly extremists in java . 
  i ca n't speak for aceh but my experiences in java were fantastic and if my memory serves me right they enjoy drinking just like westerners do . 
  russians and their lackeys are just so pleasant to deal with . 
  they violate airspace , cry to the world when they finally feel a consequence ( muh 9 seconds ) , and then when things go back to normal somehow go and brag about how they lost a plane and a pilot to the turks . 
  '' \u0414\u0430 \u0411\u043e\u0440\u0438\u0441 , they have n't shot down one of our pilots in a while , we sure showed those westerners ! '', 
  meanwhile they moan endlessly about nato expansion and wonder why they 're completely politically and now economically isolated in the armpit of europe while their standard of living , economy , and currency plummet to the ground faster than their aircraft do . 
  in my previous comment i said that you talk about learning your place like you know what it means . 
  but this time you talk about taking it like a bitch because russians know * exactly * what it means . 
  i understand that serbs feel a lot animosity toward the turks given your history ( one of my best friends is a serb living in br\u010dko so i 'm well accustomed to the rant ) , but i do n't think you nor russians are in much of a position to say anybody else takes it like a bitch . 
  because it 's pretty clear that turkey gave it to russia in the form of a missile , and for civility 's sake i wo n't even go into the ways in which serbia has taken it . 
  i guess we should just begin following a policy of shooting down russian jets when they harass us and our allies . 
  you talk about `` learning your place '' like you know what it means . 
  edit : but hey we 're making progress here - russians and their defenders are now admitting that they repeatedly violate nato airspace !, 
  consistency is clearly not big in nationalist russian circles . 
  this is awesome , thank you . 
   you could have just specified with an anecdote, 
   how much is a bottle of beer in the americas ? 
  given that a six pack where i am generally costs $ 8 , i 'd say probably around $ 1.50 . 
  you do n't have to speak for every possibility , i only meant to ask for what 's average . 
  for instance in most cities in the southwestern united states you can usually find good stuff for $ 10/gram , but in less pot-friendly places it usually hikes up to $ 15 . 
  depends on brand , quality , quantity bought at a time , availability and location . 
  you could have just specified with an anecdote, 
  how much does cannabis go for in europe per gram ? 
   except , of course , for forcing a brotherly nation and a long-time part of the country to openly choose between us and the eu , feeding fires of the unrest , openly supporting protestors , providing them with an overwhelming media support , yada , yada , yada . 
  no biggie . 
  all of this suggests that you believe that europe was responsible for the change in government , and that ukrainians were forced to go along with the eu . 
  you literally say that they were forced by the eu to choose between them and russia . 
  tell me how this is anything but denying ukrainian 's responsibility for their actions ? 
  i frequently see russians stating that the only reason euromaidan happened was because the eu/us/nato / the jews/bill cosby made it happen , as if millions of ukrainians did n't support the movement . 
   china is viewed positively because it 's the only country in the world that can one day challenge the global dominance of the states . 
  where do russians see themselves in that future ? 
   except , of course , for forcing a brotherly nation and a long-time part of the country to openly choose between us and the eu , feeding fires of the unrest , openly supporting protestors , providing them with an overwhelming media support , yada , yada , yada . 
  no biggie . 
  it looks like you 've already forgotten european politicians addressing the crowd at the maidan . 
  well , we did n't . 
  ah , my favorite russian tactic - denying ukrainians agency in their own actions . 
  of course , the ukrainians did n't choose to protest , but the eu/us/x bad guy made them do it !, 
  just as great is the `` brotherly nation '' rhetoric . 
  it seems as though russian opinion towards ukraine bounces back and forth between `` brotherly nation '' and `` literally not a nation , ukraine is russia , ukrainian is a russian dialect '' etc. 
  depending on the audience and the convenience . 
  frankly i have no doubt that many russians see ukraine as a sibling nation or whatever , however as soon as ukraine decided it would rather move towards the eu suddenly a new form of rhetoric became commonplace and that `` brotherhood '' seemed to be confined to donbas . 
  oh , and never forget - they 're literally crucifying russians for speaking russian, 
  have a good rest of your day brother . 
   eu was not an option from the start though , we value ourselves too much to allow a membership in a collectively regulated superstate possible . 
  and even more so than the centuries of conflict that you 've outlined - france , poland , germany , etc all experienced the horrors of war that your country brought just like they did ( the deluge and the partitions especially harmed poland ) - and yet they are willing to be part of a project aimed at a more peaceful , functional , and prosperous europe . 
  frankly , despite the shitshow that we , especially as outsiders to the union , have witnessed in the last 6 years , the heartland of europe has never been more peaceful nor more prosperous . 
  even the non-soviet warsaw pact countries have shown remarkable improvements in development , anti-corruption , and democratization . 
  russia has a population of 130 million , the largest landmass in the world , correspondingly vast amounts of resources , and yet a gdp smaller than that of california . 
  and that 's not a reflection of the drive of the russian people ; anybody can tell you that when it comes down to it , the russians are a determined people when it comes to bettering their nation or people . 
  in fact i believe that that 's what putin has been trying to tap into . 
  however you highlight part of the problem , in that russians do value themselves too much to justify being apart of the eu despite even their collective power being overshadowed by that of western countries , especially economically . 
  and that does n't even touch on quality of life and political freedoms . 
  this self-induced isolation will only hurt the average russian , while at best giving the political elite the satisfaction of being `` independent '' of the west , despite the majority of the russian economy being dependent on it anyway . 
  i understand your point and appreciate your civility in discussing this - it 's a rare thing on the internet these days especially between americans and russians and i ca n't emphasize enough how much i appreciate your cool-headedness in discussing what often turns a discussion into a flamewar - but frankly i think that russia has the capability to fill both the niche of the power of eastern europe while peacefully existing with nato and the eu , and potentially even being a part of either or both organizations at some point in the future . 
  i suppose it 's just a matter of time and will . 
  after all , a lot can change in a mere decade or two . 
  i guess we 'll see what the future holds for the relationship between our countries . 
  hopefully it turns around though , because likely at some point we 'll both be former superpowers and i suspect western countries will have to stick together in the future . 
  anyway , cheers and thanks for a good discussion . 
  a lot of really insightful comments in this thread . 
  good to see / r/europe 's critical thinking skills are so sharp . 
  in all reality turkish airfields allow nato to do most of its work against isis . 
  i 've read two of those already , and they all paint a picture of neither side really taking russian involvement in nato too seriously  but this potential was not realised immediately . 
  on the contrary . 
  too many russian generals had targeted nato for too long to accept that the alliance had now changed . 
  for them , and for many russians still mired in cold war prejudices , nato was still an enemy , to be watched , and perhaps grudgingly worked with , but not trusted . 
  and , to be honest , there were some sitting around the nato table whose views were a mirror image , based on decades of mistrust . 
  to these people , whether on the russia side or in nato , security in europe was still what we call a `` zero-sum '' game . 
  any gain in security for one country had to mean a commensurate loss of security for another country . 
  which is why russia protested so bitterly against one of the most positive developments in modern european history : nato 's enlargement . 
  to alliance members , and to the aspirant countries , nato enlargement has always had one simple purpose : to deepen and broaden euro-atlantic security through integration amongst democracies . 
  from our perspective , increased stability and deepening democracy in europe is of net benefit , even to those countries not in the alliance . 
  but those russians who still clung to the `` zero-sum '' perspective had a different word for enlargement : `` encirclement '' .
