  or , if we 're gon na do it the american way , we wo n't do anything about it at all . 
  god knows every time a president has tried the entire right wing shits itself and reddit calls for armed revolution . 
  i love the place where i said that . 
  oh wait , i did n't . 
   europe is a shithole your words , not mine . 
  you say that , and then we see on the news algerians walking through paris unloading rounds into police officers and charlie hebdo . 
  i 've come to terms with the fact that despite being anti-gun myself , nothing i say short of `` ban all the guns '' will get me anything but scorn around here , but the situation with guns in western europe is far different than in the united states . 
  we have a massive problem , i 'm not denying that , but acting like doing the european thing would make all of our problems seamlessly disappear is not only insulting , but also just na\u00efve . 
  nailed it , i 'm on alien blue so i ca n't see flair ( which is a pretty important thing not to have around here ) so i guess i fucked up in assuming things . 
  / u/bfoskett pretty much nailed it . 
  there are just * much * better terms to use if you want to describe people with low political efficacy/high na\u00efvet\u00e9 . 
  that said , criticize away . 
  you have the right to express your opinion , i do n't want to limit that  cheers man . 
  i hope you do n't expect anybody to take you seriously when you use the term ` sheeple ', 
  if the sami started murdering every swede and norwegian they could get their hands on , it would just be liberation . 
  if the basques started slaughtering every frenchman and spaniard , it would just be liberation . 
  if the greeks started slaughtering every slav in the balkans , it would just be liberation . 
  if native south africans killed every white man woman and child in south africa , that would just be liberation . 
  good thing none of those things are genocide though, 
   nonetheless , basque and finns have a cultural and mutual cultural relation with europe and have always been part of the european empires . 
  finns love this fact !, 
  but i 'm pretty sure that elsewhere in this thread you stated that being part of a european empire does n't make you european . 
   arabs on the other hand , have always been our enemies historically . 
  you use the word * always * far too generously here . 
   besides that , their language group is a totally different one . 
  i fail to see the relevance of this factoid . 
  finno-ugric languages are easily just as if not more foreign to the average european . 
   their culture is very different . 
  their appereances are mostly different . 
  there is almost no connection between europeans and arabs . 
  connection in what way ? 
  genetically ? 
  culturally ? 
  east asians have probably less in common with europeans than arabic peoples yet people hardly shit on them as much as they do arabs . 
   a good alternative for arabic would be persian , which is an indo-european language and has historically influenced europe a lot ( think of zoroastrianism influencing greek and romans ) i do n't know what the fuck your obsession is with the indo-european language family is , but persian is just as if not more foreign than arabic . 
  and besides !, 
  they look different and have a different culture , so fuck 'em all . 
  and if you do n't think that arabs or arabic speakers ( you keep bouncing between placing importance on ethnicity and language , stating that arabic influence in spain was n't actually arabic because the people were ethnic berbers ) have influenced europe as well , you 're na\u00efve beyond helping . 
  god damn , this comment section is incredible . 
  deleting, 
   scots greys  as ponsonby tried to rally his men against the french cuirassers , he was attacked by jaquinot 's lancers and captured . 
  a nearby party of scots greys saw the capture and attempted to rescue their brigade commander . 
  however , the french lancer who had captured ponsonby killed him and then used his lance to kill three of the scots greys who had attempted the rescue . 
  #not even having polish cavalry, 
   i went to public school . 
  then for what reason were you not allowed to wear any of that ? 
  there is , at times , almost a stigma for being an outsider , which i understand completely . 
  with that said , it would n't surprise me if a lot of the negative sentiment was coming from self-loathing americans as well , being an american dominated website and all . 
   that 's besides the point . 
  it 's absolutely not . 
  a public school 's expectations for dress compared to those of a private school are completely different . 
  now , i 'm not belgian , but i assume private versus public school works the same there , in that private schools have the ability to restrict student expression more than their public counterparts . 
  dodging the questions do n't help your standpoint . 
  yes ? 
  were you denied on a religious basis , from a public school ? 
  i figured as much . 
  when i was last in paris i had an egyptian man try to talk to me about allah on the metro which was . . an experience . 
  have n't quite experienced that kind of thing here . 
  thanks for a good response . 
  sorry , while i 'm not familiar with brussels , my experience with my high school 's muslim community was very different than what everybody claims here . 
  almost all of our muslims were immigrants , but the social pressure and conflict ensuing simply did n't exist despite there being a large number of muslims at the school . 
  at my high school ( 2,000 or so students ) we had a healthy sized muslim population . 
  lots of immigrants from egypt and turkey , and a few palestinians . 
  maybe our immigrants are different than yours , but there was n't much in the way of the social pressure that everybody is talking about , it was pretty common to see girls with and without headwear together , but none of them ever changed doing so . 
  the only trouble i ever had with a muslim on campus had to do with an iranian nationalist being a shitty human being , and the only conflict between our muslims and our jews was one facebook post about palestine . 
  either your immigrants are * very * different , or there 's something wrong with the system in which they 're apart of . 
  my girlfriend is qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois and sometimes wears a long skirt like the ones in the article 's picture . 
  did my girlfriend secretly convert to islam , or does she just like the skirt ? 
  i 'm inclined to believe the latter . 
  what women find fashionable is n't static . 
  my french is n't good enough right now to properly read the article , but if those girls in the photo are those being denied entry to school because of their dresses , that 's fucking insanity . 
  if it 's open to everybody , then you find yourself flooded with every immigrant the middle east and africa can throw at you . 
  if it 's a selection process , well then you still get illegal immigrants . 
  absolutely . 
  it was essentially the point at which the byzantine empire really started to decline , as constantinople was in tatters and its population not faring much better , there was no effective government for a while , and enemies in the east jumped at this opportunity . 
  this hardship was followed by a plague that wiped out the city not ( relatively ) long after . 
  the crusader sacking of byzantium is , in my opinion , the reason why enemies from the east were able to conquer so much byzantine territory with so much ease . 
  plus , did n't european merchants get decent treatment in istanbul ? 
  especially as ottoman control of the city actually made it relevant again , seeing as the population shot from about 50,000 to a couple hundred thousand ? 
  the whole reason the turks were able to do this was because venetians fucking ruined the city in the fourth crusade, 
  thank you for the answer , i genuinely appreciate it . 
  edited to sound less snarky, 
  oh yes , because i was referring solely to romania despite saying `` countries like ! '', 
  is n't this great ? 
  for fuck 's sake , i was asking a god damn question . 
  is n't ttip , based on what we know so far , projected to help countries like romania a good deal though ? 
  `` we spent a lot of money bribing our way into this , and we are n't going to let any investigation bullshit get in the way of that '', 
  one , titlegore , and two , i do n't get why you self-posted . 
  was there no source ? 
  * everybody with a conflicting view is a fucking shill !!!, 
  got it , thanks . 
  i believe the water bit , but i want to read more about the greenhouse emissions , because that runs contrary to what i 've heard about shale gas vs oil . 
  i 'm not aware of evidence that would indicate an environmental disaster caused by fracking in the united states . 
  frankly , after how many countless oil spills and la cr\u00e8me de la cr\u00e8me of oil spills that was the gulf spill , i fail to see how the environmental effects of fracking , of which i have yet to see , compare to those of large scale oil operations . 
  i have no idea what you 're trying to say with this comment . 
  man russia really has it hard , people are actually * reacting * to their aggression !, 
  watching canadians try to do this is hilarious . 
  i 've long maintained that canadians are just cold americans with healthcare and a different romance minority ( we have a large spanish speaking population , they have french ) and it really pisses off my qu\u00e9b\u00e9coise so . 
  still , our cultures are so similar that it 's almost impossible to tell a difference . 
   our standard of living maybe a bit lower because we have great goals , like taking and securing maximum land well there you have it folks .
