  nobody is * that * stupid . 
   piss off with your racist bullshit . 
  hahahahah oh boy here we go, 
  go take a look at american economic history pre-great depression and take a guess at why we now intervene in our industry . 
  or better yet , go read * the jungle * and try and tell me that a market without government regulation would be so beneficial . 
  not enough to make a significant difference . 
  do you know how much shit the arabs fund that never comes to fruition ? 
  turns out you need to do more than just throw money at something to make it work , if the us ' efforts at stabilizing developing nations are any indication . 
  again , those rebellions did n't happen because of outside powers . 
  those were homegrown . 
  you 're fucking delusional if you think people were n't already up in arms by time actual funding began . 
  i do n't know if you do n't remember syria or not but immediately after people started dying from sniperfire in protests armed groups popped up everywhere and conglomerated into the fsa . 
  libya was so fucked from the start that it would n't have mattered at any point . 
  there was no possible way for libya especially to fail , and due to isis syria * will * fail . 
  not exactly convincing . 
   iraq . 
  when we funded the iraqis to overthrow the iraqi government instead of invading in the 90s it was a resounding failure . 
  the other time it was us who did it , not a popular uprising . 
  the revolt was well under way by the time the west got properly involved . 
   libya . 
  same as above , except by the time the western intervention began the rebels already controlled half the population centers in the country and the libyan military was essentially powerless against them . 
  i guess limiting your military out of fear of a military coup was n't as good of a long term idea as he thought . 
  though i guess he knows best seeing as that 's how he got leadership in the first place . 
   yes . 
  certainly . 
  what exactly is your point ? 
  none of these cases actually prove what you 're saying . 
  by the time that these things began being influenced by the west they were already large scale and successful , except iraq which was never a successful revolt in the first place . 
  in syria 's case , by the time you 're shooting protestors in the streets you 've already fallen far enough without the west 's help . 
   you *** really *** think that rebellion did n't get outside support ? 
  oh man have i got a bridge to sell you ... you * really * think that the only way a popular movement against a dictator can be successful is through outside support ? 
  oh man have i got a bridge to sell you ... as it happens money is n't worth shit if a huge amount of the population has taken up arms against you . 
  and the fact that a significant amount of the population * has * taken up arms again you is pretty damning in itself . 
  the anti-government movements in syria , ukraine , egypt , tunisia , etc. 
  did n't get their beginnings because they were bored . 
  it 's because they hated their governments . 
  and while the may have gotten support after the fact the initial public sentiment is what drove the conflicts to a breaking point in the first place . 
  that is not a symptom of a stable nation . 
  also , you only need one set of asterisks to go into italics buddy, 
  the country was falling apart far before the intervention happened . 
  you seem to forget that there was a massive rebellion in progress when the french and british , and then americans , decided to impose a no fly zone . 
  people blame the west for intervening but the only difference is that the intervention sped up gaddafi 's removal . 
  / r/cripplingalcoholism laughs in unison, 
   foreign minister gyula horn declared , `` we can not become a country of refugee camps . '' he announced that hungary would allow the nearly 8,000 east germans in hungary to leave for west germany i guess some things never change, 
  . . what ? 
  he 's lost a * lot * of weight . 
  they 've always been the focus of a lot of propaganda, 
  `` illegal '' actually i 'm pretty sure the un and most of the world would say that they 're quite legal . 
  are you one of the people who complains incessantly about kaliningrad as well ? 
  is danzig deutsch ? 
  yea , no that 's a fucking disgusting thought process . 
  you support ethnic cleansing of `` colonized '' regions and are just generally anti-democratic if you think a country 's citizens should n't be able to vote in their own home because they are n't the utmost native . 
  but yea fuck what the northern irish want , some republican has a unification boner and that 's all that matters . 
  they live there , their vote is what matters . 
  so just so we can be clear , the people living there do n't matter and their voices should be disregarded because at some point somebody owned something, 
  & gt ; t would be more like if the republic took over northern ireland . 
   as we should so you 're against israel taking back what it think belongs to its people but you 're willing to ignore that the northern irish voted to stay in the union , because you think it should belong to the republic ? 
  fascinating . 
   see you edited to add the hamas charter , i 'll have you know that their leadership in qatar said it no longer applies oh good , the daily calls for the genocide of israel 's jews can be forgotten then . 
  and what about the hezbollah statement ? 
  the fact of the matter is that zionism is just a screen to hide the religious hatred that 's rampant in the region . 
  [ bonus fun ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-overview/ ), 
   ` our goal is to liberate the 1948 borders of palestine , ... 
  the jews who survive this war of liberation can go back to germany or wherever they came from . ', 
  he added , however , that the jews who lived in palestine before 1948 will be ` allowed to live as a minority and they will be cared for by the muslim majority . 
  ' '' [ 36 ] straight from the terrorist 's mouth . 
  but i 'm sure they would n't use zionism as a means of ethnically cleansing every jew in the levant . 
  i 'm sure they would be treated with the same level of respect that other religious and ethnic minorities enjoy in neighboring arab countries . 
  also comparing brits in ireland to jews in the levant is just . . hysterically wrong . 
  it would be more like if the republic took over northern ireland . 
   `` our struggle against the jews is very great and very serious '' from hamas ' charter  the islamic resistance movement aspires to the realization of allah 's promise , no matter how long that should take . 
  the prophet , allah bless him and grant him salvation , has said : ` the day of judgment will not come until muslims fight the jews ( killing the jews ) , when the jews will hide behind stones and trees . 
  the stones and trees will say ` o muslims , o abdulla , there is a jew behind me , come and kill him . '' more from hamas ' charter . 
   hamas leaders issued blood-curdling statements claiming credit , and promising more death . 
  `` the jews will lose because they crave life but a true muslim loves death , '' a former hamas leader , abdel-aziz rantisi , told me in an interview in 2002 . 
  in the same interview he made the following imperishable statement : `` people always talk about what the germans did to the jews , but the true question is , ` what did the jews do to the germans ? ''' from an interview with the atlantic, 
  really ? 
  because the leader of hezbollah is quoted as saying he 'd remove jews who came to israel after 1948 . 
  hamas similarly calls for the complete destruction of israel and all zionists . 
  sounds a lot like ethnic cleansing to me . 
  are you really making this comparison, 
  uh , hello , have you seen topgun ? 
  very mature . 
  okay so if going against the ussr lands tanks in your capital , and your government is essentially a puppet government to the ussr , and ignoring orders would likely net you execution for treason , what choice did those soldiers have ? 
  i do n't imagine the polish troops were just itching to invade czechoslovakia . 
  lithuania is crucial to nato defense of the baltic region . 
  hence why the us was invited there . 
  we do n't have fucking t-800s to fight our battles for us . 
  it 's not that the military thinks it 's cowardly , we already use drones extensively . 
  the technology does n't exist . 
  also , moving your goalpost to include the entire cold war is ridiculous considering that ended 25 years ago . 
  so to clarify , you do think that the united states should move all of its capital out of europe ? 
  because there was that big `` if '' after what you quoted . 
  i mean if you did you might have actually had to make a proper response and who has time for that ? 
  have a good day . 
   if you want to see how talking out of one 's ass look like , take a look at the hordes of your countrymen regularly invading , shitposting and manipulating the voting on any muslim/refugee/populist issue . 
  oh lord this is just beautiful . 
  i just love how it * has * to be americans upvoting populist articles , because clearly europeans would * never * go as far as to stoop to populism . 
  jesus fucking christ get a grip . 
  ya know what the difference between an american saying something wrong about europe versus a european saying something wrong about the united states here is ?
