  i 'm from california too and most people would prefer to spend a week or two there instead of living there . 
  it 's a joke , numbnuts . 
  thank you so much, 
  french ? 
  it 's french right ? 
  i mean sure , he did n't use a guillotine like a proper frenchman , but it 's the same concept once you get down to it , right ? 
  this guy was more integrated than i thought !, 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  some people think that , for example , going to paris would be hell for an american because they 're under the impression that the parisians hate two things : tourists , and americans . 
  now , when you actually go to paris , you 'll find that parisians just hate everything in the same way that new yorkers do , and you 'll most likely have a great time . 
  i try to dispel that myth as often as i can , but it 's not easy . 
  these are n't just emotional hipsters or complainers , they 're good people often just mislead by the vitriolic nationalism on the internet . 
   i 'm sorry to say but having lived in lots of places the general unwelcoming sentiment towards americans is shared all around the world ... me too , but i doubt the prevalence of this unwelcoming sentiment except for presumedly in a few locations . 
   and about the ttip the blame falls on america too : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transatlantic_economic_council it was established by an agreement signed on 30 april 2007 at the white house by u.s. president george w. bush , president of the european council angela merkel ( also german chancellor ) and eu commission president jos\u00e9 manuel barroso . 
  really , because based on the information you just presented , it would seem * very * bilateral . 
   same for libya , it is a nato resolution , ca n't only go one way ... 
  the u.s. had no interest in the libya conflict . 
  our president , people , and politicians were all reluctant to even kind of commit to the operation . 
  rather , it was at the request of london and paris that we got involved in the conflict , and even then our role was more logistical . 
   the unwelcoming opinion as more to do with the last five decades of american foreign policy , well i 'm glad that i 'm judged for that which i have no control over !, 
  the american foreign policy towards europe has surely been awful . 
  edit : sorry , i was mistaken . 
  we still did the lions share of the air support in libya , while coordinating logistics . 
  at the most i 've seen `` eh that 's kind of annoying '' before he started modding , followed by `` eh i kinda like it '' finished off by `` to each his own * \u00e0 chacun ses go\u00fbts * '', 
  i especially like the bilingualism because it lets me try to identify less commonly spoken languages like estonian , hungarian , gaelic , as well as allowing me to practice reading the languages that i 'm learning as well . 
  edit : also , to see regional dialects spoken like swabian and austrian german is great . 
  that 's awesome , thanks !, 
  mind if i ask what it was they were doing volunteering ? 
  awesome , thank you !, 
  out of curiosity , what 's a good cheap airline that would cover that route ? 
  my only experience is with ryanair, 
  my only experience with that party comes from a finnish friend of mine , so i could n't really tell you much about them . 
  unless california finally detached from oregon nevada and arizona and subsequently seceded from the union during the course of my flight , i think so . 
  though my family is from the netherlands , but i think that would just make me less funny, 
  i was almost 3 minutes late to my meeting today . 
  i regret nothing !, 
  edit : though i 'm not sure which thing is being referenced, 
  well i was actually going to write something about this but then decided against it . 
  these are smart people , at least that i 've met , and good people too , who just are n't as experienced in european affairs and all , but have learned enough about europe via the internet ( which is probably not as reliable as first hand experience ) . 
  on the other hand , the tourists that we all make fun of know europe as : castles , oktoberfest , tour eiffel . 
  they 're the really ignorant ones that i cringe at every time i see . 
  that 's good to hear , i 'd love so much to visit that area . 
  vilnius riga and tallinn all seem so great . 
  hopefully i 'll be able to make it there next year when i 'm out there ; how easy is it to get from around angers to the baltic ? 
  bear in mind that despite texas ' growing number of liberals compared to yeehaw types , cities like austin are among [ the most gerrymandered ] ( http://www.austinchronicle.com/binary/987d/travis_c130.png ) in the united states . 
  the same applies to houston . 
  not sure about others though . 
  i fail to see the relevance , but ya know a good way to shut americans up about their military is to have a relatively competent military . 
  when many americans look at our nato allies and see that they essentially have us foot the bill , it gets frustrating , especially when it 's * europeans * who are more under threat of conflict than we are . 
  while the uk is better than say , germany , at keeping their military somewhat combat ready , it seems as though the only countries that are actually taking things seriously are those that are under possible threat of invasion , and that 's not exactly reassuring , seeing as the only countries that meet the 2 % spending ` requirement ' for nato are the baltic states , poland ( in response to russian aggression in ukraine ) and greece and turkey , who are doing it because they * dislike each other * though if you 're going to talk about humility in politics relative to other nations , i do think it 's rich to see you accusing us of being arrogant . 
  if reddit is any indication , we rarely go a comment thread in certain subreddits without some variant of `` i do n't know how americans live like that , '' especially when something like healthcare pops up . 
  this is hilarious . 
  nobody forced language on me , except when they did for a significant amount of my life . 
  legitimately ca n't tell if this is serious . 
  hoping it 's not . 
   do n't worry . 
  even though * everyone * knows you 're all severely inbred backwood-dwelling , jingoistic , god-loving , gun-toting , deeply conservative landwhales , sounds about right !, 
   we still love you guys . 
  europeans need a common target to pick on , it helps with the cohesion . 
  aww thanks guys , you know we love you & amp ; lt ; 3 but man you would n't believe how many people are scared to travel to europe because they think you hate and will berate them because they 're american . 
  it 's sad , really . 
  i 've met so many great people across the pond , never had any issues because of nationality . 
  even with balkan nations , people were great . 
  wan na edit to clarify the last bit : general consensus would indicate that serbians do n't like americans as much as croatians might . 
  while the percentage might potentially be higher , serbs have been great in my experience and that 's something even i was a little surprised about , seeing as it was n't all too long ago we were in an armed conflict . 
  [ but friendship finds a way i guess ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-20209770 ), 
  it gets so old being blamed for shit . 
  i like to come to / r/europe because i plan on spending a good deal of time in western and central europe via university and internships and european culture has always been more attractive to me than others . 
  unfortunately the general sentiment here can be rather unwelcoming to americans specifically while idealizing our slightly northern neighbors despite very * very * similar cultures and geopolitical attitudes shared between us . 
  it 's often just bizarre . 
  edit : specifically we get blamed for things that europeans do themselves . 
  just as much a european endeavor as american . 
  fucking up libya and catalyzing immigration into europe via italy ? 
  british and french plan that we got called into . 
  whatever . 
  jesus christ , read the comments . 
  that 's terrifying . 
  they 're trying to work their way into completely unrelated subreddits to recruit for nazism , which is laughable yet scary . 
  even / r/nofap . 
  [ follow your fucking leader ] ( http://www.lowbird.com/data/images/2010/08/follow-your-leader-by-esonax.jpg ), 
  france has a reputation for engaging in industrial espionage , with a lot of it going to their arms industry . 
  haha love it . 
  the u.s. has the resources to do so , i do n't see why their espionage would be smaller scale than that of a much smaller country . 
  and if you read my articles or any of the other articles posted about france 's industrial espionage , it would appear that they too , along with china especially , engage in large scale economic espionage . 
  i 'm not particularly enraged by this , although i 'd prefer to know that my president 's phone was being tapped instead of our tech being stolen , replicated , and resold abroad . 
  unfortunately it seems that the latter is more common . 
  edit : http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3avfw5/nsa_spied_on_french_presidents_wikileaks/csgnyvl, 
  http://m.france24.com/en/20131024-nsa-france-spying-squarcini-dcri-hollande-ayrault-merkel-usa-obama http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/shashankjoshi/100224247/france-should-remember-its-own-history-before-complaining-too-much-about-american-espionage/ http://www.cbsnews.com/news/wikileaks-france-leads-russia-china-in-industrial-spying-in-europe/ http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3avfw5/nsa_spied_on_french_presidents_wikileaks/csgnyvl there 's plenty to suggest that not only does everybody do it , that france does a lot of it . 
  that 's not apologism , that 's how shit works . 
  european nations , despite all of their faux outrage and political grandstanding , spy too . 
  it 's just ignorant to believe otherwise . 
  trying to invalidate that fact by calling it apologism is ridiculous . 
  it 's easier to demonize in a nice , low effort one liner-esque form than to actually talk about its faults in a paragraph , and very difficult to do speaking objectively . 
  it 's been stated many times in this sub alone that trade deals are generally done in this fashion . 
  that ttip is secret is nothing special afaik, 
  i was n't actually addressing you with that bit , sorry i know that 's a confusing fuck up on my part . 
  but i 've seen it a decent amount in this thread and it 's just annoying at this point . 
  i * wish * we could just ban all the guns . 
  clearly we do n't deserve to have them at the scale we do . 
  i think there are a lot of things that the united states should emulate from europe , specifically a form of single payer healthcare and party systems , but i think the gun issue is one that will have to be solved of our own volition .
