  idk about you , but i 'm ready to purge some * xeno scum *, 
  the esa is . 
  russia 's is roscosmos . 
  as such the discrepancy is necessary because if it just said `` europe is putting a robot on mars '' that would deny the russians recognition , because it would imply esa . 
  a better title would have been `` esa and roscosmos '' but the current one is fine unless people like yourself are trying to make an issue where there is none . 
  is russia in the esa ? 
  probably because they are n't a very powerful country with one of the strongest economies in the world and a strong populace of some 80 , going on 90 million people ? 
  their neutrality is informed by their national situation . 
  probably because we do n't live in utopian societies where we can pretend we 'll never need to use our militaries again, 
  gon na go with `` that 's just made up . '', 
   and you are comparing sexual assault with the slaughter of thousands of innocents in libya and in syria ? 
  no clinton is worse than trump . 
  trump does n't have blood on his hands like neocon clinton . 
  you 're misinformed which is hardly surprising . 
  libya was primarily sarkozy 's endeavor , backed by the brits . 
  if you need an explanation as to the motivations at work here , i 'll gladly explain . 
  however us involvement only came after our allies needed our logistical support and once we did , we still played more of a background role than the french and british . 
  but that does n't matter , because trump was braying for boots on the ground the entire time , calling for nato to depose gaddafi on our own . 
  [ maybe you should research the candidate you 're defending ] ( http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/feb/25/donald-trump/donald-trumps-pants-fire-claim-he-never-discussed-/ ) because he and his great temperament were more vocal in trying to get the us involved in libya than any of the obama administration . 
  what 's your excuse for this ? 
  as for syria , i 'm not going to actually validate that idiocy with a response . 
  nonetheless , i 'm actually brought back to my original point . 
  you are defending somebody who advocates sexual assault . 
  have you ever had to deal with sexual assault , out of curiosity ? 
  it 's absolutely fucking horrific and you 're supporting somebody who brags about it . 
  do n't really care about the bed , but this just blows me away  moscow denies any involvement [ in downing mh17 ] and points the finger at the ukrainian army . 
  * fucking really * . 
  yea fuck it if france wants to end the bloodshed they 're a capable nation , they can do it . 
  i 'd be interested to see more of their military at work . 
  yea why would / r/europe be opposed to invading another european country huh i bet it 's just russophobia, 
   clinton is equally a scumbag do you live under a rock or does sexual assault advocacy not effect your perception of somebody 's character ? 
  not to mention his gross incompetence , inexperience , and pathetic temperament . 
  he 's a 70 year old man that still needs people making sure he does n't tweet things that will harm his own campaign and he is completely out of touch with reality . 
  that 's just for starters . 
  the `` but she 's just as bad ! '', 
  argument has literally no truth to it whatsoever . 
  rejoice as it fell into disarray and warsaw pact countries got democratic governments ? 
  i always figured putting tons of mayonnaise on things was a dutch thing . 
  like french fries with mayo, 
   the us attacks any country that wants to leave the petro dollar , to think that you 'd be ok with russia installing an anti-american government next to it is unimaginable , you 'd be up and arms about it kek oh boy the petrodollar myth . 
  so many countries now trade in their own currencies it 's absurd . 
  oil producing nations likewise sell in different currencies depending on the buyer . 
  i do n't see the us invading most of the world over this fact , do you ? 
   a bunch of alligations with zero proof behind them , the clinton campaign always accuses russia for their problems . 
  if you want to know who was leaking those documents , look up the name seth rich maybe because russia has expressed its interest in a trump presidency multiple times . 
  gee , i wonder if putin will take that opportunity to influence trump or the election in general . 
   or because he did n't want to live the rest of his life in some foreign south american embassy ? 
  is snowden also a russian agent ? 
  lmfao , so yanukovych is a whistleblower now ? 
  he fled to russia whilst stealing billions of dollars . 
  must just be oppressed . 
  he fled because he knew he would actually be held accountable for his actions , and robbed the ukrainian people while doing so . 
  moldova * is n't * close to russia and russia still managed to put its troops there . 
  would n't want moldova joining the eu or nato now would we ? 
   in this moment , i am euphoric . 
  not because of any phony god 's blessing . 
  but because , i am enlightened by my intelligence . 
  nonsense !, 
  let 's downvote !, 
  are you that na\u00efve to assume that this statement is an indication of interference in government ? 
  just like european countries , russia , china , basically everyone make statements about our government , we make statements about plenty of foreign governments . 
  if that screams interference to you then you 're not exactly in a position to be talking about international relations . 
  can we go a single thread without a comparison to the us, 
  interestingly conflict in libya has been dying down . 
  turns out revolutions sometimes do n't immediately go from bad to great . 
  why do they need them right there exactly ? 
  istanbul is a massive city . 
  istanbul does n't necessarily need them right there though . 
  john kerry should start blasting the eu , nato , and promoting nationalism . 
  if the comments here are any indication , the eu would be federalized in a week , its military would be unstoppable , and nationalism would be reduced to simple patriotism . 
   interfering nice stretch, 
  i do n't agree with the amount of refugees/migrants being taken in by wealthy european countries , but i have to wonder how many people automatically dismissing the article in this thread actually read it . 
  sounds a lot like you 're suffering from ~ ~ pathetic elitism ~ ~ eurocentric views, 
  the mongolians have a [ massive statue ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/genghis_khan_equestrian_statue ) to ghengis khan . 
  nobody criticizes them really at all for it . 
  surely they would n't lie !, 
  [ not always safer with a spotlight on your family ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lindbergh_kidnapping ), 
  please , explain how saudi arabia is relevant to mh17 as per this article . 
  it directly concerns russia , russian efforts to take attention away from and cause confusion about mh17 , and how russia 's public follows the state owned media and hangs on everything it says . 
  it 's pretty fucking relevant , troll . 
  meanwhile you bring up the saudis ** completely out of nowhere ** and try to make up bullshit excuses why we should be focusing on that . 
  ** it 's not in any way shape or form relevant to russia and mh17 . 
  * because this thread is n't about them *, 
  you realize that in no way shape or form is saudi arabia relevant to this thread , right ? 
  that 's why your argument is illegitimate . 
  the un declaration of human rights says that anybody has the right to leave a country . 
  it says no such thing about another country being forced to receive them . 
   the usa wants to accept them , the refugees want to go . 
  who is turkey to stop them ? 
  we do ? 
  i mean * i * do , but * we * do ? 
   turkish people should not be allowed to go to europe ( specially germany ) and feed on social benefits . 
  i think a lot of people would agree with that, 
  obviously russophobia . 
  daily reminder that west virginia has the least amount of teeth per person in the union . 
  remind me where i got angry ? 
  it 's a stupid comment . 
  it always will be . 
  but thanks for the wisdom and nonsensical if/then . 
   it 's not a dick , you do n't have to take it so hard .
