  if the eu became on single massive state they 'd * still * probably at least be allied with the united states and probably work towards a singular or similar foreign policy . 
   you only care about the us keeping its hegemony not really , i just see the west being in control as better than a country like china being in control . 
  but sure i 'd love to see europe stand on its own two feet so the us did n't have to keep so many troops dedicated to defending europe . 
  we were supposed to transition to the pacific , but europe has delayed that . 
   by whipping up irrational fear as an excuse to infiltrate its little green men all over the world . 
  sigh . 
  you * again * make me wonder if you even remotely think when you post . 
  go look up what little green men means and then comment . 
   there is occupation . 
  you are not european . 
  it might not be politically tenable for many to say so , but we are under occupation . 
  us military and us propaganda are in control here . 
  god this would be so funny if it was n't so sad . 
  you are n't even in nato so there 's no us military or propaganda , not sure what you even categorize as nato propaganda but whatever . 
  it 's not politically tenable because it 's a fucking retarded idea spread by fearmongerers with agendas like yourself . 
  it has no basis in reality whatsoever . 
  occupation is the eastern bloc until the 90s . 
  do n't even * try * to compare that . 
  definitely saving this comment though , what a riot . 
   which european countries is russia occupying illegally ? 
  ukraine . 
  possibly georgia , given that they keep slowly expanding further into georgia and have at no point tried to negotiate anything with georgia about the breakaway regions , and have instead increased measures that amount to their effective annexations . 
  but please tell me how transnistria and ukraine are legal in any sense of the word . 
   bud , you sound like some pompous brit a century ago . 
  lmfao , until next time ya little shitposter, 
  it 's alright , the sooner we recognize britain as the next ~ ~ stupid shit rectangle ~ ~ portugal the smoother the transition will go  ), 
  my assertion was that tge working class is fed up with the establishment sucking it dry . 
  fear propaganda always works . 
  i doubt it would take much to stear a media soaked public into a frenzy . 
  really ? 
  you explicitly said that `` the working classes would n't support cold war 2.0 . '', 
  in what fucking world does that equal the establishment sucking it dry ? 
  those are two completely separate concepts that the working class would react entirely different to . 
  do n't try to move the goalposts to fit your narrative . 
   you follow your own beliefs and do n't give a hoot about facts , you do n't care about surveys and you do n't care about referenda . 
  you just want everybody to swallow your views hook line and stinker . 
  lmao , giving me * completely * unrelated surveys about the working class and referendums that only pertain in acceptable relevance to internal republics of the rsfsr and central asia wo n't satisfy any of the discussions previously brought up . 
  just because you provide a blue link does n't mean you 're automatically right about something . 
  the fact that you think that survey is relevant to the topic being discussed is pretty indicative of your standards for `` proof . '', 
   estonia voted . 
  do you have proof of misconduct ? 
  your article explicitly states that they refused to be a part of the soviet referendum ; instead deciding to hold an internal referendum regarding whether or not estonia should be an independent state from the soviet union or not . 
  you can see the result on a map today . 
   this is the time of yeltsin 's election . 
  why would people fear a referendum and not an election ? 
  what are you even talking about . 
  & gt ; why would that be ? 
   so you want american hegemony over the world ?!, 
  that figures . 
  lmfao ** answer a question with a completely unrelated question that implies a strawman , nice job . 
  ** you should be a politician since you 're so good at dodging a fucking question by substituting a logical fallacy . 
   the soviet union was never powerful . 
  it could n't compare with the military might of the us at any point in its history . 
  it 's saving grace was the nuclear arsenal and decent intelligence . 
  this is completely wrong . 
  the soviet union and its puppet states in central europe were very powerful and legitimately struck fear into both the american government and population . 
  our concern was europe , and the us was terrified that the soviets would cross the iron curtain because it would have been extremely difficult to stop them . 
  western europe falling to communism would have meant britain , france , and germany being roughly like poland today ( nothing against the poles , frankly poland is one of my favorite countries in europe ; between polish will to improve as a nation , and the potential that they have because of the previous fact , as well as how god damn gorgeous polish women seem to be , ) which roughly translates to less powerful and less wealthy , and further in the russian sphere of influence . 
   you are confusing liberation movements in third world countries with soviet might . 
  are you honestly describing the nswp as third world countries  you are masking a soft occupation by the us as if ts in europe 's interest . 
  there 's no occupation . 
  we 've discussed this before . 
  european countries want the us in europe . 
  just because some na\u00efve non-nato countryman does n't means shit all to what the rest of europe wants . 
   i 'm speaking for my own interest as a european , you on the otherhand are speaking for us occupation of europe . 
  hahahaha somebody better call poland and tell them they 're being occupied . 
  meanwhile russia literally occupies territory in 3 european countries and you defend them . 
  pathetic . 
  god your comments just get more and more comical with every anti-nato shitpost, 
   your experience is just one datum . 
  [ surveys say another story . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/brexit-austerity-working-class-divide-factors-british-social-attitudes-survey-a7109641.html ) your statement was that the working class would n't support `` a new cold war '' with russia , not about immigration or brexit . 
  but whatever you clearly know the working class better than the working class . 
   then again , what to expect from somebody who dismisses anybody who does n't follow the same religion . 
  what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  i do n't follow any religion . 
  i 'm not surprised that you 're just making shit up given the fact that you used a completely unrelated survey to talk about a point about which you pretend to be knowledgeable , but pretending i 'm some religious evangelical is probably the most hilarious thing i 've heard in a while . 
  brilliant & amp ; gt ; you seem to be discounting the non-soviet warsaw pact states ' opinions in the matter ,  the referenda in other republics returned similar results . 
  except for the ones who did n't participate in the soviet referendum , which is roughly all of the european states that seceded , namely the baltics . 
  also , read what you 're responding to for * once * . 
  non-soviet warsaw pact means the european countries forced to live under a puppet soviet regime in the aftermath of world war two . 
   as a federalist i believe that european foreign policy should be shaped in the interest of europeans , by europeans . 
  you realize that western interests usually align , between north america , oceania , even japan and korea , with those of europe . 
   a strong europe would be diametrically opposed to american hegemony . 
  why would that be ? 
   russia does n't have the clout to compete for that title . 
  never had never will . 
  the soviet union was very powerful until the 80s . 
  given that russia is the successor state to the soviet union i 'd say they had the clout for a little while . 
   why are you telling europeans what and how to think ? 
  name one instance where i 've told europeans what to think . 
  i 've told you plenty that you 're wrong and terrifyingly na\u00efve , because that 's the truth . 
  if you take that as me telling you what to think then you ca n't be helped . 
   i do n't claim to represent anybody but myself . 
  you ? 
  are you making such claims for yourself ? 
  you sure do speak for all of europe often for somebody who only represents himself . 
   incoherent ? 
  yes , because the few sentences in that paragraph not a single one had a thing to do with any of the others . 
   it 's strange to entertain thoughts outside comforting propaganda .
