  how is this difficult to understand ? 
  if you 're still waiting for a `` simple answer to a simple question , '' despite both explicitly and implicatively being told ` no ' then there 's no helping you . 
  if you lived in a city called hitlerstan that was originally named something not ridiculous would you want to keep living in hitlerstan or would changing the name just be `` mental satisfaction , '' as if it 's absurd for people to want to change the name of a city named for somebody who was active in the holodomor ? 
   the difference in gdp/capita between ukraine and romania is as big as between romania and germany . 
  * germany : $ 40,997 = 4.6 x romania * romania : $ 8,906 = 4.4 x ukraine * ukraine : $ 2,005 interesting way of spinning that data . 
  but you have to measure it as `` germany 's gdp is $ 32,000 higher than that of romania , whose gdp is merely $ 7,000 higher than that of ukraine . '', 
  because if you look at the actual numbers , it becomes pretty clear that the gap between romania and ukraine is a * lot * smaller than the gap between romania and germany . 
  because if there were a country with a gdp/capita of $ 160,000 , you could n't say that the difference between said country and germany is the same difference between germany and romania . 
  the difference is massive . 
   why would there be ? 
  how is this avoiding the question ? 
  basic comprehension of the english would confer the implication that no , they were n't , and it does n't matter because that 's what everybody already called it . 
  fun fact !, 
  rugby , gridiron ( american/canadian ) football , australian rules football , and association football are all evolutions of the same game . 
  rugby is technically `` rugby football . '', 
  whereas american baseball is more closely related to rounders than cricket . 
  it 's nice that you guys think so much about us though , 
  in a relative sense , it 's impressive because gay pride marches in eastern and southern europe have n't historically been exactly well received . 
  the fact that this got on without incident is wonderful . 
  it 's not often that anybody says this , but i 'm actually proud of kosovo at the moment . 
  i guess it makes sense . 
  albania cozied up to china whereas yugoslavia did n't really align with east or west . 
  i 'm sure you had ukrainians `` foaming on their mouths '' and all , but given your comment history i 'm not exactly inclined to take your word for it , particularly given that you have n't procured the article in question . 
   but the usa told me that was inefficient state supported industry and there is no way the russian speaking east was the true economical core of the country / s nobody ever said otherwise that the majority of the industry in ukraine was in the east . 
  drop the strawman . 
  it 's referring to the battle of wizna . 
  see above comments . 
   but i do n't know if we can even compete with a t-84 ? 
  the answer is yes , we can . 
  germany , as always , having fantastic armor and having a sadly underfunded military are not mutually exclusive . 
  germans make great weaponry and have a strong military tradition within the military , but as it stands they do n't seem to be getting much love or funding from the rest of the country . 
  americans often vote for the guy they 'd like to have a beer with , rather than for their abilities as a politician . 
  * fury *, 
   i 'm not sure where you see that bulgaria was ` steamrolled ' . 
  bulgaria 's participation in ww1 ended when bulgaria 's own military rebelled against the government . 
  did n't mean bulgaria specifically got steamrolled . 
  i meant that just because a country could get steamrolled and sustain massive casualties does n't mean they were inherently more important . 
   prior to that , bulgaria had made massive gains in romania , serbia , and greece . 
  i 'm aware ; they then pulled a paraguay and attacked all of their neighbors shortly after the war . 
   i said that how long you are involved is a factor , not the only factor . 
  sweet strawman . 
  i take it you do n't actually understand what a strawman means . 
  regardless , seeing as it 's only a factor , it 's understandable that the united states could be and is considered a major player in the first world war even though they do n't meet the maximum of one of your factors . 
   truly , there is n't another point in your comment worth responding to . 
  lol okay bud, 
   something that would guarantee that europe would still have a say in world affairs . 
  well , i 'm not a european so i can only offer an outsider 's opinion , but it seems to me like the eu * does * give europe a place of power in the world , and that less eu would be detrimental to europeans having a say in world affairs . 
  whereas a more unified eu poses a stronger opposition to outside elements than an individual european state might . 
   the eu does not have the average europeans wellbeing as a top priority . 
  they keep trying to force us into things that we have very clearly said no to and the leaders of the eu has values that are completely opposite of the majority of eu citizens . 
  i appreciate your opinion on this , thanks . 
   however , the american expeditionary forces were supplied by the french and the british !, 
  we had equipment but we did n't have enough men by 1917 ( something like 25 % of french aged 15-27 died ) . 
  i 'm aware , which is why it 's infuriating when i hear surrender monkey jokes . 
  trust me , i have the utmost respect for france 's military history . 
  well personally one game i 've been absolutely itching for is something taking place in korea . 
  the korean war is such an underrepresented conflict in all media - yet it 's certainly one of the most interesting in my opinion . 
  for example , it 's almost a global conflict centered on a small peninsula , with a lot of world war ii technology slowly mixing with early stages of modern technology . 
  it would allow for multiple combatants on both sides , with the north koreans , soviets , and chinese on one and the south koreans , americans , former commonwealth and actually the turks on the other . 
  i 'm really not sure why it has n't been adapted into something yet . 
  i 'm not denying that . 
  this is a wiki page unaffiliated with ea and dice , so i highly doubt this is representative of whether or not the french will actually appear in the game . 
   it is a big deal when considering how big of a player that the country was in the war . 
  so would you consider montenegro , japan , bulgaria , etc major players in the war ? 
  they were , after all , in it the whole time . 
   there is more to a war than the end of it . 
  which changes the relevance of bulgaria and romania 's contributions to war in comparison to the arrival of us troops to the western front in what level of significance ? 
  there 's more to a war than the end of it . 
  such as the addition of millions of reinforcements to a tired alliance , exhausted to the point of mutiny . 
  that seems like a pretty big part of it . 
   lol i knew you 'd turn it into `` they died because they were n't as good as us '' ... 
  i turned it into `` casualties do n't determine importance . '', 
  it 's not exactly a difficult concept . 
   you said it yourself . 
  dozens of times in this thread actually . 
   i 'm not denying its significance , but if we were to write a book about ww1 they would be in the last quarter of it . 
  so why should they be such a major piece in a game about it ? 
  what is the relevance of how long a faction fought for in comparison to the overall impact that they had on the conflict . 
  the americans only nuked japan at the very end of the war . 
  if we were to write a book about the pacific theater , little boy and fat man would only make up a chapter of it . 
  why should they be considered such a major part of the pacific theater ? 
   oh , right , because if they were n't it would hurt sales . 
  strange , i swear i 've been making that point all along ... 
  which is why they 're also focusing on bedouins . 
  because they want all of that sweet , sweet oil money . 
  strange , it 's almost like sarcasm does n't prove your point . 
  yea , i 'll get right on that . 
  however the game takes place in 1918 , at which point americans were doing a significant amount of fighting alongside our commonwealth and french brothers . 
   that is , if we had to chose only 3 powers . 
  i 'd say the former countries are more deserving of the spot as well , although by the time the game takes place russia would have been out of the war . 
  however we are n't limited to only three . 
   the question is , why is italy here but france is not . 
  it 's kind of the same video game market , and france was more directly impacted by wwi . 
  because this is a stupid fucking wiki page unaffiliated with dice and ea . 
   that 's why i 'm pretty sure this trailer does n't show all the armies that will be in the game . 
  i 'm very sure i saw an adrian helmet , although the hellfighters wore that as well as the french so it could go either way . 
  regardless , we 'll be seeing plenty of france . 
   by the way , you sent 2 million soldiers , but 1,4 million french soldiers died ( 1,8 million in russia , 2 million in germany ) . 
  you lost 100k soldiers . 
  i 'm aware .
