  i think both opinions have some validity in this situation  ), 
  this level of self-blame is toxic . 
  not only does it take * all * responsibility away from the islamic world itself , but it simply ignores key aspects of the development of islamic extremism like the works of sayyid qutb and the expanding influence of hardline islamic doctrines promoted by wealthy muslim states . 
  the expansion of islamic extremism in afghanistan might be largely attributed to the west fighting the russians , however the rest of the islamic world has only itself to blame for its radicalization . 
  while i agree with you in principle , i find it amazing that europeans say that they wo n't reach out to ukraine because they do n't want war on the continent as a war is being fought on the continent and is the criteria for the discussion in the first place . 
  you ca n't draw europe 's borders to just include your own country . 
  there is a war in europe * right now * whether you like it or not . 
  i feel like i constantly have to remind people that history did not end in 1991 . 
  uh , tatars obviously are n't real crimeans . 
  only russians are real crimeans , silly . 
  the russian justification for being in syria is that the syrian government asked for the russians to aid them . 
  so why is it different when americans come into eastern europe ? 
  the fact of the matter is that russians will get off on their victim complexes no matter what we do . 
  . . is the us crawling up their behinds though ? 
  we 're at least trying to contain their influence with the increased presence in the pacific . 
  well , particularly in the case of argentina , it 's been off and on . 
  argentina is a country with a lot of potential that is often wasted . 
   perhaps there will be more europeans coming to canada , usa , and australia we 're gon na build a waallll, 
   yes , before wwii czechoslovakia was ally of uk and france . 
  they illustratively demostrated it in munich 1938 . 
  the protectorate of bohemia and moravia was an ally of nazi germany during wwii . 
  czechoslovakia was a soviet ally , especially after 1968 . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to prove here . 
  alliances change . 
   sorry but who in afghanistan is western ally , which tribe leaders ? 
  the central government , many of the tajiks in the north and i assume various leaders scattered around the country ? 
  do i look like the cia 's regional director for afghanistan to you or something ? 
   who in iraq is western ally ? 
  the central government , once again , and the autonomous kurdish regions . 
   kurds bombed by other western `` ally '' turkey ? 
  i 'm not sure if it 's that you just are ignorant of the various factions at work in kurdistan or if you 're just deliberately generalizing them , but in iraq the kurdish peshmerga work with the turks . 
   or isis supported by western `` allies '' in saudi arabia ? 
  i always hear this but yet everything seems to suggest that isis hates saudi arabia . 
  worth noting that the wahhabist ideology that saudi arabia promotes does not equal supporting isis . 
   saudi salfists are western alies ? 
  given that they are a strategic partner in the region , fucking obviously ? 
  morals do n't matter as much as location , something i wish redditors could wrap their minds around . 
   otoman - maniac erdogan blackmailing europe is a western ally ? 
  really ? 
  are you really questioning whether turkey is a western ally or not ? 
  once again , this subreddit displays its inability to see past an emotional level with regards to western allies . 
   kick turkey out of nato !! 1 !! 1 !!, 
  typically it 's defined as an entity with which we have an alliance . 
  ie , the listed countries . 
  this is a good response , i appreciate it . 
  regardless , i think an argument could be made that given germany 's current role in the european union and to a lesser extent in nato , germany needs to start taking its military seriously now more than ever . 
  the odds of russia rolling over western europe in a blitzkrieg-esque armored assault are pretty slim , germans are right in that . 
  however can the same be said of eastern europe ? 
  the baltic states , for example , are likely to be the first target of a russian assault should a conflict arise , and most estimates suggest that they could be overrun in under 2 days , before allied forces have an opportunity to properly react , and statements from russian politicians ( though worth noting not prominent ones ) make it clear they do n't think the west would challenge that russian foothold in the baltics . 
  granted , argentina made the same assumption in the falklands war , but they were proven wrong because the british were willing and ready to fight . 
  so what it comes down to is whether or not germany is willing and ready to fight for its nato and eu allies in the east , because that 's a much more plausible scenario than a direct threat to the german homeland . 
  would germany fight for poland , for example ? 
  i fully understand why germany is reluctant to validate taking its military more seriously . 
  however i ca n't help but feel that it 's irresponsible to do so as such an important figure in the eu . 
   you are severely overestimating your own capacity of power projection . 
  enjoy fighting halfway across the globe without harbors , supply lines or support . 
  i 'm sorry , are you under the impression that europe has the only harbors outside of north america ? 
  were europe to drop off the face of the earth the us would just move to north africa for a harbor in the region . 
  and the us already extends its supply lines across the world , and given european logistical incompetence , without large scale support . 
   enjoy paying for it . 
  as opposed to what ? 
  do you see anybody else paying for * anything * ? 
  poland and the baltics are the only others in nato who actually meet the 2 % gdp spending , and they are n't exactly economic powerhouses . 
   in 2050 there will be 9 billion people on the earth , the us will have 400m of those . 
  do you really think your army can still police the world without our help ? 
  please ... no , i do n't . 
  but that 's 34 years away and a lot can happen in that time . 
  my real care is whether the west stays western influenced . 
  do you really think europe is up to snuff at protecting its eastern countries from outside influence ? 
   you will understand just how lonely your position will be once the ** us leaves the nato . 
  ** are you drunk or something ? 
  in case you mean the eu leaving nato , i wo n't hold my breath . 
  france is the only country with the backbone to do it , and even then that 's more because of a french overestimation of their strategic importance . 
  meanwhile , countries are still trying to join . 
  but i 'm sure they 'll all be itching to leave just as soon as the european war machine kicks into gear . 
   africa and the middle-east are fickle at best when it comes to resupply . 
  i 'm not sure if you think the us uses other countries ' resources when in a conflict , but to give you a hint , it 's the opposite . 
  european countries actually ran out of munitions in libya and had to be resupplied by american stockpiles . 
   plus who said they wo n't pull back support for those bases at some point down the line ? 
  who says california wo n't split into the ocean and become the foundation of a new world order with burritos and surfing ? 
  technically it 's possible , but the likeliness given the current state of affairs deems it highly unlikely . 
   the countries in that region would do that in a heartbeat ** once ** the nato dissolves . 
  i 'm just going to highlight this because i think your cutesy agenda is shining through a wee bit . 
  never mind that nato literally has no reason to dissolve . 
   it would mean the end of us influence in the area . 
  it 's not exactly a politically stable region . 
  and the beginning of a new nation 's influence , assuming this ridiculous hypothetical happens . 
   as for the ukraine , anyone that knows something realises crimea is just a buffer zone between a potential eu member and russia . 
  russia does not want a war , they want stability and to remain relevant . 
  attacking the eu in any way is the exact opposite of that . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  are you saying that ukraine is being held hostage by russia to prevent integration with europe ? 
  because if so , you 're exactly right and it completely highlights european impotence . 
  an organization of some 550 million people and 19 trillion in gdp ca n't stand up to a nation of 130 million and a gdp less than that of california . 
  and you think you 're in a good position ? 
  europe ca n't even secure influence in its neighboring non-member states that want to be a part of the union . 
  if you think that paints a bright picture , i think we 're done here . 
  because the european reaction to ukraine has been a russian nationalist 's wet dream . 
   russia has no problems with the eu , it has problems with the nato . 
  russia has every problem with the eu .
