  the middle east can go down whatever path it so pleases , but that does n't mean europe needs to be along for the ride . 
   what 's your solution ? 
  a lot of you guys seem very adamantly against their religion . 
  what should we do then ? 
  i wan na hear what you guys think we should do with them . 
  there 's nothing we can do about the muslims in europe aside from trying to make them as european as we can . 
  but this has proven incredibly difficult . 
  otherwise , immigration from the middle east would be limited . 
  one of the reasons that america 's muslims are typically more integrated than their european counterparts is that there are n't enough of them for them to form the enclaves that can be found in european major cities , which are breeding grounds for radicalization . 
  if european countries could manage the populations that would be ideal , and while this is easier said than done , it would help with the social cohesion between muslims and non-muslims in europe i think . 
  i could explain my position further but i think i 've written enough for this post . 
   i 'll kill my sister if anyone touches her . 
  what a backwards place . 
   i 'm not a troll in general , but there was a hint of trolling in my comment for sure . 
   so , that 's what enabled me to troll you a little bit . 
   i apologize for the trolling . 
  master trole at it again, 
  but the point he 's making is that the strength of germany and france do n't guarantee that in a federalized europe that those nations would still be politically the most dominant . 
  likewise , in the united states the two strongest states do n't bully the rest of the union because the political structure does n't allow it . 
  is norway a military powerhouse though ? 
  do you have * any * evidence to substantiate your claim . 
  you keep mentioning sources without actually providing any sources . 
  earlier in the thread you told other users to go look it up for themselves , something that is n't too different than jaqing off . 
  in addition , calling users shills does not exactly do wonders for your credibility . 
  so do you have anything that can actually substantiate your claim ? 
  `` but i have a degree in archaeology !! '', 
  is not substantiating your claim . 
  and if you are so sure of your position , why have you not yet published an academic paper explaining why you are correct ? 
  surely it would be groundbreaking if there was any substance to the paper . 
  while it would n't come as a shock to me if the russian government did poison these people , i do n't think that there 's really enough concrete evidence in this article to really confirm anything damning . 
  nonetheless , interesting and should be researched further . 
  there 's a difference between remembering a horrific event and letting it dictate your actions . 
  what germans are doing today is the former . 
  i agree that it would be interesting . 
  and thanks for the ( actually ) polite correction . 
  no , they are n't . 
  they 're wonderful , thanks for correcting me reddit . 
  edited because immigrants do pay some taxes . 
   yeah , uber is trying to monopolize the taxi business worldwide , so you might need to do a self-check . 
  well that 's going to be a problem if lift is better in every aspect , at least in the united states . 
   no 8 hour workdays . 
  no sick leave . 
  no safety regulations . 
  uber drivers are self employed . 
  they can choose to work whenever they like . 
  i have a few friends who work for lift and uber and they love it because they can work basically whenever . 
  the pay is good too . 
   nothing . 
  they 'll use anybody who want to make a quick buck . 
  empty rhetoric . 
   consequently they will work much cheaper and will run your business to the ground . 
  because people would much rather ride in an uber than a taxi , because taxis are fucking awful . 
   after that you have two options : learn a new trade or go to the new company . 
  would you like this ? 
  nobody likes being put out of a job . 
  but that does n't mean that people should be forced to spend money supporting an industry just because somebody wo n't `` like '' having to adapt to changes in the market . 
  it 's not unstoppable , but it will require european governments to prioritize their own citizenry . 
  whether or not they 're capable of this is beyond me . 
   because my statistics are arguing against the notion of muslims immigration leading to more crime . 
  then why do n't you find an article that 's more current ? 
   crime rates are falling ** now ** , at least in denmark they were . 
  2015 was the safest year and certainly a lot safer than in the 1980 's for example . 
  do you have any english sources for that information ? 
  and denmark has been one of the more stringent countries in regards to immigration , at least compared to its neighbors . 
   america has had other serial killers no ? 
  the problem with this `` logic '' is that every country has had serial killers . 
  not every country has a systematic rape of 1400 girls in one area by a single ethnic group . 
   according to you every pakistani male immigrant should be raping women since its in their culture . 
  this just is n't true . 
  wow , that is just a pathetic strawman argument . 
  no , what i 'm saying is that in the case of the rotherham tragedy , the perpetrators were pakistani , and that 's influenced by their culture . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  but if you really want to know just how pakistanis feel towards women , i gave you a poll . 
  i do n't expect you to read it , but pakistanis are among the most extreme . 
  do you not think it 's weird that the rape gangs were almost entirely pakistani ? 
  how do you explain that ? 
  trying to deny this is a problem with the culture is denying factual evidence . 
  in the same way that [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bacha_bazi ) is cultural in southwest asia . 
   imagine if europe thought gun ownership was the worst thing in the world well that would be ironic seeing as some european countries actually have fairly loose gun policies of their own . 
   and declared a stop to american immigration because `` americans are all fond of their weapons '' . 
  would n't you find this unfair to the americans who do n't own guns ? 
  yea , it would be . 
  i 'm not a big gun person either and i would be unhappy with this , but here 's the thing : it 's not about what makes foreigners happy . 
  if a nation decides that something is a threat to its people , like , i do n't know , massive amounts of sexual assault on what should be a safe holiday , then that nation has every right to ban the entry of certain demographics . 
  because not all mena immigrants will be radical or become radicalized , or will treat your citizens like shit , or will put their religion ahead of your law , does n't mean that it would n't be better on the whole to prevent these things from happening . 
  and they will happen if mena immigrants continue to move en masse to europe . 
  they have no entitlement to be able to live in your countries , and there is no obligation for your countries to take them , let alone keep them . 
  i 'm not saying that all muslims should be completely banned from europe . 
  i generally consider american and canadian muslims to be much more integrated than their european counterparts , and i think a big part of this is that in the us and canada their population stays at around 2 % with fluctuation . 
  they really do n't have the opportunities to form enclaves ( except for one in michigan , and it 's bad ) like they 've done in western europe , because they 're spread out . 
  in addition , they 're generally more wealthy which i think helps cohesion but that 's not really something europe can help about its muslims . 
  anyway , there needs to be a limit , and as it stands european countries are taking too many immigrants who are causing major problems now and will continue to cause problems down the road . 
   there are problems with muslims integration in europe that 's an understatement . 
  integration in europe is minimal , and i do n't see that changing . 
  different countries with great leadership have all tried different methods of tackling integrating mena immigrants and they 've all largely failed . 
  it comes down to europe 's ethnic foundations . 
  almost all of europe 's recent terror attacks have been perpetrated by second or third generation immigrants . 
  these second and third generation mena immigrants do n't feel that they have anywhere they belong to . 
  on one hand , their parents came from morocco , but they are n't moroccan and they 've never been to morocco . 
  on the other hand , they were born in a european country , but european countries are ethnically defined , and he is not dutch , for example .
