  but their german equivalents would be ever so nice to sing the children to sleep with , or else my awe-inspiring ears were made for display and not for superior usefulness in analyzing sounds . 
  would any man want to die in a battle which was called by so tame a term as a schlacht ? 
  or would not a consumptive feel too much bundled up , who was about to go out , in a shirt-collar and a seal-ring , into a storm which the bird-song word gewitter was employed to describe ? 
  and observe the strongest of the several german equivalents for explosion -- ausbruch . 
  our word toothbrush is more powerful than that . 
  it seems to me that the germans could do worse than import it into their language to describe particularly tremendous explosions with . 
  the german word for hell -- h\u00f6lle -- sounds more like helly than anything else ; therefore , how necessary chipper , frivolous , and unimpressive it is . 
  if a man were told in german to go there , could he really rise to thee dignity of feeling insulted ? 
  https://www.cs.utah.edu/~gback/awfgrmlg.html it 's a good read . 
  i eagerly await , but honestly when assange has to hype up whatever he says he has to leak , usually the preceding headline about what he says he has up his sleeve is bigger than the actual leak . 
  how does an article * this bad * get published, 
  it 's probably my american talking but why did n't romania reinstate its monarchy ? 
  i do n't think it 'd be a good idea for the monarchy to have real power but as a symbolic figurehead in the way of many other european countries it seems like it could n't really hurt and the monarchy seems at least fairly popular if the article is any indication . 
  `` we can shoot people , but we ca n't flay them alive and then quarter them ? 
  humanity is so ridiculous these days ! '', 
  - / r/dreadfort , probably, 
  nitpicking here , nation states and immigrant states are not mutually exclusive . 
  the united states is a nation state entirely but the concept of our national identity is n't based on ethnic background , rather ideas such as those listed in the constitution and declaration of independence . 
  likewise , britain is not a nation state in the same way germany is . 
  britain is less based on ethnicity than common law and the societal systems that built themselves up over the last two millennia . 
  ie , being a nation state does n't necessarily require an ethnic foundation . 
  thanks . 
  i have to ask , as an eu member how does one stay neutral or non-aligned ? 
  if a country in the eu is attacked by a non-eu member are n't they obligated to aid in the defense of that member ? 
  also under the 2009 lisbon treaty is n't neutrality within the eu in name only given the level of integration with nato that the eu has ? 
  not trying to stir shit , just curious . 
   so you think the us is going to war with russia if it invaded cute little estonia ? 
  we have no choice . 
  either we fight for estonia or lose nato entirely which kills our security interests in europe . 
  how people do n't understand this is both perplexing and deeply disappointing . 
  why would anybody stay in a defensive pact if the main power wo n't come to the defense of one of the constituent nations ? 
   i think you 're dreaming if you think there is n't very deep anti-american sentiment all over the world , it certainly has n't gone from south america . 
  probably , but not to the extent that you 're claiming . 
  there will always be those who dislike us but the fact of the matter is that more do like us than otherwise . 
  i think the lowest approval rate in western europe was germany with 53 % ? 
  most other western european countries were ~ 20 % higher and in eastern europe much higher . 
  central and south americans remember the past but seemingly are fine with keeping it behind them . 
  central america for example probably got the worst of the cold war in the americas and i do n't think they 're particularly anti-american . 
   you guys generally seem to overestimate this love you think the us has . 
  yea pardon me but what the hell do you know ? 
  most americans are under the opposite impression , which ironically is false . 
  many americans who have never gone to europe before are nervous in doing so because they think `` oh , well the french/germans/swiss etc. 
  hate us . '', 
  prevailing sentiment in the us is closer to `` they dislike us yet rely on us militarily , '' which can be seen in the rants of a certain * populist * candidate . 
   you think those countries that suffered years under dictators propped up by the cia are just going to forgive and forget ? 
  most of the people missing from those times have still never had their remains found . 
  we literally fought a brutal decade long war in vietnam that was responsible for the deaths of almost 3 million people and now the vietnamese see us as a key ally and 76 % of them view the us favorably . 
  [ facts sure are fun !, 
  ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/04/30/vietnamese-see-u-s-as-key-ally/ ) & gt ; the us also does n't possess any formal colonies any more , and the era of state-sponsored covert regime change in latin america has been over for quite some time . 
  notice how we never got rid of hugo chavez ? 
   not for a lack of trying , just a lack of succeeding . 
  same with castro . 
  we voluntarily released our only real colony after ww2 . 
   and is it over ? 
  afghanistan , iraq , libya and now syria ... in the past 15 years alone . 
  at least they are n't covert i guess ? 
  it just changed place . 
  lmao , going down the list \u2022 afghanistan was harboring al-qaeda and osama bin laden . 
  \u2022 iraq was a mistake that the american people were manipulated into to satisfy dubya 's daddy issues . 
  \u2022 libya was a european endeavor in which britain and france demonstrated their impotence , as they could n't sustain an operation * in the mediterranean * for over a month . 
  however it was certainly british and french , and probably mostly french seeing as qaddafi aimed to undermine french economic influence in francophone africa . 
  \u2022 syria is still ongoing and is a conflict that did n't need foreign intervention to go straight for the toilet . 
  & gt ; they 've already appeared . 
  asean has been around since 1967 , but has n't come anywhere close to the level of integration of the eu . 
  unasur and the au are more feelgood projects than they are actual regional governing entities . 
   are you too young to remember 2003-2009 ? 
   really not that different from now to be quite frank . 
  your foreign policy has n't changed much . 
  people outside the us liked obama because they thought the us would actually change ... but it never did . 
  it 's the same . 
  it 'll be the same under hillary too . 
  trump would be a trainwreck , so i guess i do n't even need to talk about foreign relations if that loon gets in . 
  it would have been a lot quicker to just say ` yes . ', 
   there is . 
  russia doing what it wants . 
  even turkey ` threatened ' the us . 
  western europe is more and more negative towards nato and the us . 
  criticism over historical support for pakistan and saudi arabia is increasingly becoming an issue . 
  and then there is what we just mentioned , the decrease in credibility . 
  russia has always done what it wants because it has thousands upon thousands of nukes . 
  the best we can do for a non-nato state is fund them and give them equipment , which is what we 're doing . 
  if you take that or idle threats from some dictator who essentially relies on american support as a sign of decreased us global relevance then you 're more na\u00efve than i thought . 
  but yea i 'm sure the pentagon is in a state of crisis over * criticism * because this is the first time in history that the us has ever been criticized . 
  truly we are in a state of collapse . 
  i mean really ? 
  do you actually believe the things you 're saying ? 
   a superpower is partially a superpower because people believe it is . 
  it also helps when you have the logistical capability of bombing any capital in the world in under an hour , possess 12 aircraft carriers , a massive nuclear arsenal , an advanced fleet of fighter and bomber aircraft , the second largest standing army in the world , the largest navy in the world , largest air force in the world , allies and bases across the world , amazing geographic position with plentiful resources , third largest population in the world , one of the largest economies ... do i need to go on or is all of that negated by criticism of supporting pakistan in the past ? 
  so again - serbia rejects un . 
  everybody 's just supposed to be okay with that ? 
  if serbia does n't recognize the un 's authority in keeping innocents safe why should anybody else rely on the un to put an end to it all ? 
  a lot of blatant garbage , sorry . 
  that 's an easy way of dodging uncomfortable questions . 
   mind your texas and \\ or mexica ; serbia was n't neither mexica nor texas . 
  ** so why the fuck did you compare texas to moldova * in the first place **  putting it shortly : if you 'd bomb texas or even `` texas of the next day after it got independent from the us '' , noone would care about . 
   eu is a christianist , westernist camp ... christianist ? 
  maybe poland , but i hardly think any of the eu member states are particularly religious and i do n't think they let that into policy making at all . 
  bosnia is moving towards eu membership and islam is definitely a factor in bosnia . 
  westernist though ? 
  god forbid the eu , a western organization , places emphasis on western values that define its member  cut the crab !,
