  in my opinion cultural differences do n't cause conflict , rather they exacerbate it when it does arise for other reasons . 
  so as long as germany 's or turkey 's economy does n't collapse in the next few years i do n't imagine things will get as bad as a lot of people like to think it will . 
  for the record i 'm for stricter immigration policy . 
   do you believe they 'd have more similar values with christians ? 
  i do n't think it matters nearly as much as this subreddit likes to blow it out of proportion . 
  any conflict between refugees and the host population wo n't be religious in nature and will generally be a symptom of a larger issue . 
  unless europe is now super devoutly christian and nobody told me . 
  because they 're both muslim they must have the same values . 
  yea , that assumption 's never been wrong before, 
  what does a nuclear program have to do with refugees ? 
  sounds paranoid . 
  why would iceland be the key to framing assange ? 
   and just to further the conversation . 
  you 're just talking to yourself . 
  in case you guys were wondering , his username is meant to be ironic . 
  in san diego we do n't support such ridiculous platitudes . 
  you did n't answer the question . 
  if a woman who has been circumcised agreed with you , would her opinion still be worth less than that of a uncircumcised woman ? 
   is the point of a view of a woman that 's been genitally mutilated more valuable than that of an intact woman ? 
  it 's entirely possible that neither opinion is worth less than the other if we 're having a rational conversation . 
   no , how about instead you trust the opinions of relevant medical and ethical authorities from countries where genital mutilation is not endemic , like say , denmark ? 
  that would be a start . 
  basically your opinion and those who agree with it then . 
  as an american i feel inclined to give credence to american research as well . 
  the poster above is from seattle , so it 's relevant in the context of the comment chain . 
  i do n't think he/she really cared either way, 
  maybe it 'd be funny coming from a relevant state . 
  i mean who the fuck even cares when it 's coming from lesser british colombia ? 
  he fucking raped a minor ? 
  how about you just provide a fucking source with the first comment instead of going on a paranoid rant about how they were trying to escape from reality, 
  but just as phimosis can be solved with stretching , so can a `` tighter '' circumcision . 
  in fact you can actually essentially regrow your foreskin with regimented stretching of skin , though it 's obviously not the same as the original . 
   that is irrelevant . 
  what we 're discussing here is the value of your point of view , as a circumcised man , on the ethical impact of child circumcision . 
  as the primary stakeholder in this situation i would wager that my point of view is a lot more valuable than yours is . 
  given that it happened to me , and i am in no way obligated to defend it as somebody who has repeatedly stated his intention to not circumcise his child , i have to believe that i 'm quite qualified to discuss circumcision . 
  i struggle to believe that you are , given that your only exposure to it seems to be the internet . 
   yes , and this is irrelevant to whether circumcision is ethical or unethical so essentially what you 're implying is that yours is the only opinion that 's valid ? 
  good to know , next time i take a shit i 'll be sure to consult you regarding the ethics of using clean water to dispose of human waste . 
  what use is an ethical dilemma if the negative repercussions are negligible other than to stroke your own perceived moral superiority ? 
  i do think it 's interesting though , were i to be angry about my circumcision would my opinion also not matter to you or is that different because it compliments your own ? 
  do circumcised women speaking out against fgm have the same lack of value or is it different because it 's in line with your opinion ? 
   how is this measured , exactly ? 
  if this is the route you 're going to take then this whole conversation loses its meaning as now we 're discussing the relativity of the topic rather than the topic itself . 
   most children beaten by their parents excuse the behaviour ; if there has been any negative repercussions it is very hard to test for and every study done on the subject is heavily criticised by victims of childhood beating . 
  this is hilariously untrue . 
  negative repercussions of physical child abuse in the form of beatings manifest in every facet of a child 's life - maybe not immediately but the signs are not simply bruises . 
  behavioral , physical , psychological , and social issues inevitably arise with children expressing these symptoms in different ways . 
  just like sexual abuse of minors breeds its own slew of problems that are very much identifiable . 
   only when the type of abuse is not socially condoned do children generally speak out against it . 
   in my country of birth it is socially condoned to beat the everliving shit out of your kid and most children defend their parents for it . 
  that does n't prove your point though . 
  regardless of social acceptability physical abuse always has identifiable manifestations in the development of a child that then define how that person functions as an adult . 
  can you honestly tell me that circumcision has * any * of these characteristics ? 
   i remember a recent study where circumcision was , after controls , linked to autism . 
  ** if circumcision really did cause autism , diekema said , one would expect the rates of autism to have fallen in recent decades along with circumcision rates . 
  `` in fact , '' he said in the email , `` we have seen just the opposite . '' **  it was heavily criticised by circumcised men . 
  and plenty of medical professionals , like above . 
  quit talking out your ass . 
  all i 'm saying is that i think the reactions people have where they insist that people who are circumcised are so much worse off are completely overblown and yet propagated beyond belief . 
  it gets kind of tiring . 
   are you fucking serious ? 
  do you actually think these mothers are not themselves circumcised ? 
  how do you think the practise propagates itself ? 
  did you skip the part where i said i likely wo n't be circumcising my children or are you just an idiot ? 
   the biggest factor that influences whether a male child will be circumcised in the us is the circumcision status of the father . 
  so i ask again :  ** did you skip the part where i said i likely wo n't circumcising my children or are you just an idiot ? 
  **  likewise , in places where female circumcision is practised it is circumcised mothers that insist their daughters be cut . 
  men in these cultures tend to support circumcision * less * than women do . 
  oh boy i 'd love to see the source on that one . 
   so i ask again : your rhetorical devices are so fun . 
   how is your opinion any more valid than the millions of circumcised women who cut their daughters ? 
  since you are apparently very obtuse , i will direct you once more to `` did you skip the part where i said i likely wo n't circumcising my children or are you just an idiot ? '', 
  i 'm only the recipient . 
  as you should have picked up by now , i have no intention to circumcise my children . 
  as such my opinion on the subject is completely different than that of somebody who would do that to their own child . 
  all i can state , and this is not an opinion , is that i 'm completely happy with my penis and i hold no resentment towards my parents because of it . 
  if they had done something that would have made a negative difference in my life then maybe i would . 
  for some reason that 's a strange concept to you , but only an asshole would tell another person what he should think . 
  right ? 
   you do know that circumcision in the us has been declining for a while now , right ? 
  yes ? 
  when i say we , i do n't mean circumcised people . 
  i mean americans who have to listen to you idiots talk about a non-issue like it 's the worst thing since rwanda . 
   it 'll become a minority practise within a decade . 
  that 's fine ? 
   since everything that follows in your post is a pathetic attempt to attack my social status no , i 'm saying that you 're completely ineffective at conveying a message to people in a way that will incite a meaningful response . 
  instead you craft a rhetorical disaster by pulling hyperbole after hyperbole out of your ass that in no way demonstrates an ability to convey a point . 
   based on an already erroneous premise : ha ha , sucks to be you . 
  case meet point  tell me something ; in what way , aside for social acceptance , does circumcision differ from other forms of child abuse ? 
  typically child abuse has a negative effect on the child , i would imagine . 
  i ca n't really say the same based on my experience with circumcision . 
   genital mutilation is genital mutilation . 
  man reddit sure is something . 
  sewing shut the vagina after removal of labia and clitoris is now the same thing as circumcision . 
  what a time to be alive . 
   no , you need to hear this . 
  lmfao , who the fuck do you think you are ? 
   when you say that circumcision si fine because you were circumcised , i 'm not saying it 's fine because i 'm circumcised . 
  i most likely wo n't be circumcising my son .
