  what i am saying is that it has never made a difference in my life and thus i frankly do n't give a fuck what some blowhard on reddit has to say about my penis . 
  then you act like i should be angry with my parents for doing something that literally does n't matter in any way shape or form in my life ? 
  you need to get a fucking grip on reality if you think that i 'm going to resent my fantastic parents for something that you think is a big deal . 
  get off your high horse . 
   how is your opinion any more valid than the millions of circumcised women who cut their daughters ? 
  probably because i 'm the recipient , and not the person circumcising somebody else ? 
  if i can enjoy my sex life just like anybody else then what the fuck do i care if i do n't have a foreskin ? 
  if i had no feeling in my penis then maybe i 'd agree with you that it 's such a horrible thing to happen to somebody . 
  but as somebody who actually has a circumcised penis , i actually know what it 's like to have a circumcised penis , as shocking as that may sound to you . 
  and it 's completely fine . 
  the same can not be said about women who have their vulva sewn shut and clitoris removed . 
  here 's an anecdote then . 
  a friend of mine got circumcised at 19 . 
  aside from painful nighttime boners for about 2 weeks , he 's said that he does n't feel much difference at all . 
  obviously it 's different for everybody but in this situation his experience is in line with the study 's findings as he has experienced sex both with and without a foreskin . 
  if i were a gambling man i 'd wager that his case is not an isolated incident . 
  that said i 'm fully aware that nothing i can say will change your view on this . 
  are you just an idiot or are you actually comparing fgm , which often involves the removal of the clitoris and/or labia to male circumcision ? 
  tell me you do n't actually think they 're the in the same ballpark . 
  and please , spare me your speech on objectivity . 
  you 're not exactly in a position to be claiming that you 're being objective in any way shape or form given your comments . 
  quite the rhetorical piece you put together there . 
  do you ever wonder why we do n't take you seriously ? 
  hint : it 's not our culture . 
  it 's that you sound like a fucking idiot when you maybe could be making a good point . 
  maybe it 's a lack of social skills or a lack of education but either way you really do n't make people want to listen to your inane hyperbolic ramblings . 
  not really . 
  most of the time their reaction is simply `` nobody cares about it , '' as shocking as that may seem . 
  it gets old being told that your parents were shitty people for having you circumcised though . 
  in this thread people are even saying that it should be punished as child abuse and by having the kids placed in foster care . 
  study posted to / r/science showed that men with and without foreskin experienced similar levels of pleasure from sex , so i 'm not sure how that fits in with this [ link ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/4euptk/study_circumcision_does_not_reduce_penis/?ref=search_posts ), 
  it is n't the reason it 's performed in the us . 
  it 's a cultural thing that 's lost its importance . 
  hence why nobody gives a shit about cut or uncut here . 
  no but i live in america and i 've never encountered a single person who gives a shit about circumcision . 
  about half of americans are circumcised , and neither half gives a shit about the others ' penis . 
  i do n't know why this is so difficult to comprehend . 
  how many reddit comments there are is irrelevant . 
  lol the worldnews thread is infinitely more reasonable than this one . 
  i guess that 's pretty telling about where this sub is at, 
  really ? 
  look at the comments in this thread . 
  everywhere are comments saying that parents who get the procedure done are terrible parents whose kids should be taken away and put in foster care . 
  what do you call that ? 
  also are you really comparing fgm to male circumcision ? 
  are people really sending you threats over this ? 
  i think it 's fucking hilarious that people here think that circumcised people would be mad at their parents for having the procedure done . 
  spoiler . 
  by and large they are n't . 
  and when i see comments saying that parents who circumcise their children should have their children taken away i 'm really not sure if i should laugh at how stupid that sounds or cry because people actually believe that . 
  i 'm not even agreeing with circumcision . 
  it 's just the reactions that people on reddit have towards the procedure are absolutely bizarre . 
  do you know what the word rhetoric refers to ? 
  every time one of these threads get posted it 's just cringe city . 
  yea i 'm sure it 's just the jews pulling the strings right ? 
   you deserve to experience nirvana and the entire range of delicious lovemaking sensations nature intended for you . 
  that 's scientific alright, 
  have n't you heard ? 
  your parents are horrible people who * mutilated * you !, 
  you should have been put in foster care !, 
  how many people will suffer from unprofessionally done illegal procedures just so we can say `` but a few did n't and that 's all that matters ! '', 
  that argument reads like something i 'd see on a billboard in texas talking about how we need to ban abortion . 
  planes are gon na crash , unfortunately . 
  my dad almost killed himself in an f-18 at some point and he was a topgun instructor . 
  hopefully the f-35 will be a safe aircraft but i do n't want to hear doomsayers if one goes down . 
  shit just goes snafu in aviation . 
  even the best pilots can and do die in training exercises and in otherwise routine situations . 
  i hope this turns out in renzi 's favor , he 's undoubtedly one of my favorite leaders in europe currently . 
  all the best , italy . 
  let 's pretend it 's 1942 . 
  if your polish advisor had the opportunity to a ) go to iran or b ) go to free french morocco where he might have been able to reach the united kingdom or united states but with the caveat that he would pass through iran and much of the british-held middle east , do you think he would just resigned to staying in iran or do you reckon he 'd try to get to morocco ? 
   do n't brush them off as cherry pickers it 's irritating you 're missing the point . 
  i have the utmost sympathy for people fleeing war and persecution , which is why i find it ironic that poles are so willing to shit on these refugees . 
  i 'm sure your high school 's career advisor would 've done the best thing he could for himself and his family . 
  why would you expect anything different from other people ? 
  well then buckle up and get ready for the alt-reich 's wild ride, 
  convincing argument , but i have some degree of confidence that the austrians are n't complete idiots, 
  i 'm aware . 
  since you did n't catch it the first time around , just because you do n't stay in the first relatively safe place you can find does n't mean you 're not fleeing conflict . 
  if you were syrian and you could n't stay in your home country , would you stay in lebanon with millions of others in overcrowded and unsafe refugee camps or would you try to go to another country ? 
  not all of the poles who fled to iran stayed , and not all of them were simply taken in by other countries . 
  likewise you ca n't expect the syrians to just resign themselves to lebanon or turkey . 
   fucking take the families directly from the camps and discourage the risk taking if you really want to help people . 
  it 's not that easy though . 
  simply discouraging people wo n't stop them unfortunately . 
   sure , but it 's when you start going from safe country to safe country and even leaving a place you are granted refuge to get somewhere better is where you become an economic migrant instead of a refugee . 
  and we 're back to square one . 
  cheers . 
  so did germany with syrians and the way reddit acts about it you 'd think the german state is on the brink of collapse . 
  you can still be a refugee even if you are n't in the closest country to where you 're fleeing from is the point . 
  i guess new zealand is just a stone 's throw away then ? 
   you think they went to mexico because they expected a better life there than in the uk or sweden ? 
  because if we 're doing a direct comparison to the current crisis , that 's exactly why they choose germany and sweden over turkey , greece , poland etc. 
  b-but mexico was n't the first safe country they could have made it to !, 
  if they went to mexico they were n't real refugees . 
  that 's the argument at hand - that refugees should stay in the first safe country , and if they do n't they 're not real refugees . 
  that 's the standard that is applied to syrians . 
  i 'm for strict immigration policy but the talking point of `` well they are n't * real * refugees '' is pretty ridiculous . 
   why it actually happened was because mexico made the offer to take a couple thousand polish children as a display of solidarity when they joined the war . 
  so they were a very small group who were specifically told to come as a gesture to an ally .
