  what is this , 2009 facebook ? 
  love the south korean uniforms . 
  they look ridiculous but i kinda like them the more i look at them . 
  remind me how we shit on your sovereignty ? 
  i personally do n't recognize the russian federation . 
  the pretenders at the top try to tell me that they 're the russian federation but they 're really just the rsfsr . 
  anyway the soviet of nationalities dissolved the ussr so the individual soviet republics really had every right to leave as per the ussr 's own structure . 
  what a stupid fucking comment . 
  `` american makes joke ''  wow american shitposters your country sucks muh relative decline, 
  most are coming from north africa now . 
  hence italy 's frustration at the bratislava summit . 
  others are already inside turkey . 
  what 's this about being dense ? 
  good comment . 
  cheers . 
   half the size means it only carries half the payload . 
  it also has only one engine and less thrust/weight , meaning typhoon climbs faster and flies higher than gripen . 
  if they were to be deployed over , say , syria or iran then typhoon would be virutally unhindered . 
  it could just come in , rain pew pew and get out . 
  gripen would actually risk engagement with their migs . 
  the actual difference in payload size is only 1.5 tons ( gripen with 6 and typhoon with 7.5 . ), 
  and the gripen is far more advanced and capable of dealing with anything a syrian mig could throw at it , just like a typhoon . 
  both would carry the same `` risks '' of engaging syrian migs . 
  also , the gripen 's single engine is roughly as powerful as the typhoon 's two smaller engines . 
  pilots who fly either one or two engines will often attest that theirs is better than the other . 
  source : mcas miramar/pendleton pilots at bars with the good air force folk from colorado springs . 
   as for rafale , there 's like 1kg of payload for every kg of empty weight . 
  if rafale can carry it then typhoon can carry it too . 
  not true . 
  the rafale can carry nearly 5000kg more payload than the typhoon with its 5 more hard points . 
  as a multirole fighter this is pretty important . 
  my point stands , most multirole fighters are pretty similar minus the f-35 . 
  \\  writes \u043d\u0430 \u0431\u0435\u0440\u043b\u0438\u043d on cars on v-day \\  the millions of rapes on the way there were the soviets , not the russians fascinating . 
  i guess the soviet union is just a way of disowning any wrongdoing that 's immediately forgotten when russians want to brag . 
  its size is n't as relevant as you 'd think though . 
  for example , despite its smaller fuel capacity it is far more efficient than the typhoon and as such has effectively the same range . 
  i 'm not sure about the number of hard points it carries but i 'm fairly certain that it 's a more maneuverable aircraft as well . 
  the gripen certainly should n't be discounted because it 's a fantastic fighter . 
  the rafale , on the other hand , is more different than one might imagine . 
  for instance it can carry a larger payload than the eurofighter by quite a bit . 
   serbophobia jesus christ i find the russians to be ameriphobic and i find texans to be californiphobic . 
   muh russia is n't the soviet union but we still keep all the loot and the unsc permanent chair, 
  f-35 is multirole but still has significant air-to-air capabilities , but not on par with the f-22 . 
   it 's arguably the best multi-role fighter in the world , although there is strong competition , some might say the f-35 but realistically that 's having constantly problems all the time . 
  i 'd definitely argue against that . 
  the gripen , rafale , and su-35 all perform very similarly to the typhoon , to the point that it 'd be difficult to pinpoint a definitive better aircraft . 
  realistically each aircraft has strengths and weaknesses that generally correspond with the nation of origin 's military needs . 
  the f-35 however has the * potential * to be better than the above ( however it 's not finished and its tactics are still being refined ) , and its problems are frequently overblown by doomsayers and the idiots who think keeping the current generations of aircraft is a viable option for a country like the united states . 
  plus , with the addition of the f-22 to the united states ' arsenal air superiority should become easier to maintain . 
  and i swear to christ if somebody responds by bringing up dogfighting i 'll probably flip my desk . 
  in any plausible scenario dogfighting wo n't happen . 
  between the radars on the f-35 and f-22 and the sheer distance from which the two , especially the latter , can engage a target whilst having minuscule radar signature of their own makes the plausibility of a dogfight extremely unlikely . 
  [ apache ] ( http://youtu.be/1sqsnmaudug ) not sure if the mi-24 / 28 can do it because of their bulkiness but i 'm fairly certain ah-1w / z can as well, 
  feels  reals the fact of the matter is that nations are more willing to go with a political strategy that will benefit them than to shoot themselves in the foot for humanitarian reasons . 
  if that bothers you , well too bad because you 're shit out of luck and always will be . 
  even when countries say they 're doing something for humanitarian reasons it 's almost always self serving in one way or another . 
  the fact that people are still shocked by countries being self-serving is fucking incredible . 
  `` while i have never experienced war and likely never will , i know more than you who are currently being invaded by a larger and more powerful enemy . 
  because pedantry or something . '', 
  did i get it right ? 
  god i 'm glad we were n't at war after all in afghanistan since i guess it was n't war , just * an insurgency * . 
  somebody tell the russians that the soviet-afghan war was * just an insurgency * . 
  from what my friend told me the shitty part was at night since nighttime erections are obviously fairly common . 
  edit : my friend was 18 when he had it done for what it 's worth . 
  yea but that philosophy is a core foundation of the religion . 
  discounting it is like discounting countless buddhist sects because a lot of their religion is heavily , if not entirely philosophical . 
   because you are an arm chair general that knows what is the correct strategy for a such hypothetical and unrealistic fact ? 
  the majority of folks like you that `` knows '' still think that the geopolitical , social and historical situation that lead to the ukrainian war is comparable to the baltic states or to poland . 
  and yet here you are , also acting like you know what you 're talking about ? 
  what does that make you if not an armchair general ? 
  an attempt at taking the suwalki gap is not an impossible occurrence . 
  hence why * actual * generals worry about it . 
  but nah it 's just `` muh armchair generals '' worrying about a critical point in nato defense strategy . 
   at the same time the same majority of people like you still denies in every possible way what lead to maidan and how poro\u0161enko got power , but of course i 'm just a putin shill who spreads false information . 
  considering that you shoehorned in euromaidan when it was completely irrelevant to the conversation , i feel inclined to take your word for it . 
  i mean the german people as a whole . 
  the german army is fairly strong despite its apparent neglect but the question is would enough german citizens be willing to take up arms and go fight in lithuania against a heavily armed russian occupation . 
  but you 're probably right , germany would certainly respond to the call but to what extent is what i 'm curious about . 
  yea but keeping everything on the roads can make you vulnerable . 
  inevitably you wo n't stay entirely on pavement because that can get you this [ nsfw/l ] ( http://videochart.net/video/97064.99d0305e8f1730dceb040f5440fb ), 
  what the fuck do you want ? 
  half the comments in here are saying that `` russia would never invade ! '', 
  like that 's a reasonable defense strategy . 
  what criticism are you looking for exactly ? 
  will germans willingly go into an extremely bloody conflict in lithuania if russia and belarus seize the suwalki gap and take the baltics ? 
  i ca n't confidently say yes to that question . 
  plus spring sucks anyway because the snow melts and causes rasputitsa which slows movement considerably . 
  think mud up to your ass . 
  yea , that 's a cesspool of a subreddit, 
  in my opinion you are biased as well . 
  wow , this is fun !, 
  probably because the anti-immigrant sentiment is the only attractive quality they have to offer people in the current political reality and it 's what is actually getting them votes . 
   oh the west coast folks are just loud-mouths that ca n't stop talking about themselves ( born and raised in la so i know well ) . 
  gee , people from la think that they 're the only people on the west coast , what a rare and unexpected sentiment, 
  the dnc did n't commit fraud . 
  the dnc violated its own charter but it did n't break the law . 
  again , he just talks out of his ass with such frequency that by the time somebody who actually knows anything about foreign policy gets ahold of him he 'll already have forgotten about that statement . 
  hopefully anyway , but i do n't think he 'll be president to begin with . 
  you 're part of nato , it 's still your problem . 
  and even if cheeto benito becomes president he will not pull the plug .
