  turkey was technically within their right to send troops to cyprus . 
  if the greek cypriots wanted just for their part of the island to be part of greece nothing is stopping them and it would legitimize northern cyprus . 
  well i ca n't speak for him but for me to move here was a major pain in the ass . 
  there were points where i felt like i was trying to work in china or something . 
  where the poles get very angry about them being called `` polish death camps '' because they say it implies that the camps in poland were run by poles ? 
  what ? 
  for starters , i 'm sure the poles would certainly appreciate the labeling `` polish death camps , '' and two , clearly there 's a linguistic disconnect here because i compared germany 's * genocidal actions to ottoman genocidal actions . 
  feel the difference . 
  frankly i 'm not saying russia still enacts policies to the detriment of all of its ethnic minorities , rather that russia 's past is filled with instances of ethnic cleansing and russification . 
  i 'm american , and i live in france now . 
  the united states has accepted that aspect of our own past , and france is n't exactly innocent either . 
  i 'm more concerned with the denial than the facts that these things happened . 
  the reason that turkey gets flak for its genocide while germany has largely been forgiven is exactly that - acknowledgement and atonement . 
  denying that russification policies have had major impacts on some states , and even worse denying that they existed in the first place , only makes russia look bad . 
   russians lived in the baltics even before the deportations , as the baltics used to be part of the russian empire until they became separate states after the russian revolution . 
  that 's fucking hilarious that you bring that up as a defense given that the russian empire had more blatant russification policies than even the ussr did . 
  russian authorities definitely did n't try to ban polish and lithuanian language in addition to the latin alphabet , and nothing going on [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/russification_of_finland ) . 
  [ behold , the never once persecuted circassian people ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/circassians ) . 
  how does that possibly help your argument ? 
  that 's still russification policy in action . 
   aside from deportation of a certain segment of population after wwii due to political reasons , it was not a colonization per se . 
  nice whitewashing . 
  just political reasons !, 
  definitely not using german occupation as an excuse to send significant populations to siberia to work and die . 
  while russians move in . 
  it 's called internal colonization . 
   not sure why so suddenly concerned about karelia ? 
  there was an evacuation of the population of western karelia to finland in 1939 , but most of the people returned back after the end of the northern war . 
  irrelevant , the karelian population has been drowned amongst russians who moved after it was stolen from finland and the karelian people are gradually becoming more and more russified . 
   today , russia counts around 150 different nationalities living on its territory , each has preserved its culture and traditions . 
  what a load of shit . 
  tons of these nationalities are dying out , if not dead . 
  you may as well try to pitch to me that france is filled with dozens of nationalities which , while true on paper , does n't mean that groups like the occitans have n't been suppressed to the point where their language is in a state of general decay and will likely die out in a few generations . 
   show to me another country which preserved ** all ** their indigenous populations ? 
  surely you mean * an * example , ie singular , given that when i read about the samoyedic languages most of what i find is extinct languages and dying languages . 
  or , i do n't know , is n't it strange that there are n't any ainu left on sakhalin for example ? 
  no doubt russia still has a lot of different ethnic groups but i do n't think i 'd call russia 's history one of preservation of minorities . 
  mass deportations of baltic peoples and movement of russians into the areas sound familiar ? 
  remind me how latvia and estonia got their large russian populations ? 
  how many people are karelian in karelia these days ? 
  it 's called internal colonization and it definitely happened . 
  \\  country wants independence from russian political domination \\  country asks for protection from defense alliance \\  shitposting trolls blame nato for russia alienating all of its allies, 
   so by your logic , libyan war is entirely on nato because libyans would n't stand a chance without nato airforce obliterating government forces . 
  after the un coalition 's intervention it became more of a franco-british initiative than anything but i think there 's a definite distinction to be made in that there was no invasion by nato troops and the civil war was already in full swing before it became a larger conflict . 
  the same can not be said for ukraine in any regard . 
  but sure , the success of libya 's rebels was largely decided by the no fly zone hence why people refer to libya as the libyan intervention . 
   syrian war is entirely on the u.s. and gulf countries , because syrian uprising would n't stand a chance without tow 's , money and foreign fighter support . 
  again , there 's the distinction to be made that nato forces never invaded and the rebellion was in full swing before larger powers became meaningfully involved , but it 's disingenuous to call it a civil war anyway because fighters from around the world are coming in to fight over syria just as powers from around the world are . 
  it was a civil war for a few months at best . 
  to call it the fault of any one nation is oversimplifying the conflict massively . 
  as i said , afghanistan would be a better example wherein we invaded whilst simultaneously empowering ethnic tajiks to fight against the taliban and then the central government against the taliban . 
  we do n't call that a civil war . 
  why ? 
  probably because the poster 's history can basically be described as regurgitating alt-right talking points and given that the women 's march was definitely trump inspired they 're upset that somebody 's protesting their cult leader . 
  it 's now partisan to support women peacefully protesting , and yet they wonder why women wanted to protest . 
  well it 's a good tank that does its job well , but it 's becoming a little dated and by and large does n't doctrinally focus on tank versus tank warfare as much as other western tanks might . 
  though i 'm no expert on the merkava so if anybody wants to correct me i 'd be more than glad to edit my comments, 
  sorry , do n't mean to confuse , but what i meant by that was that the leclerc and merkava are less similar to the leopard and abrams and it would be interesting to see how they stack up . 
  the leclerc being a more mobile , lighter tank with the merkava being the opposite , i.e. 
  heavily armored but slower . 
  reason being that the merkava is expected to be defensive while being targeted by rpg teams while the french historically prefer armor that is good on the offensive . 
  the abrams , leopard , and challenger are generally more well rounded iirc, 
  yea , maybe there are a significant number of experienced buk-2 operators in donbas and the ukrainians simply abandoned their air defense weapons , or maybe russia invaded ukraine like putin has admitted multiple times after lying about not being involved ? 
  which seems more plausible at this point ? 
  i 'd say the newer leopard variants are superior to the abrams but i do n't think the difference is so significant to make a big difference in a combat scenario as they 're generally pretty similar tanks . 
  an interesting comparison would be a merkava or leclerc versus an abrams or leopard, 
  anything to discredit the protest though, 
  hey , watch it . 
  what you just said was * russophobic * and more or less means that you 're * crucifying ethnic russians *, 
   plus , if it were n't a civil war , the ukrainian army would n't have taken frequently revenge on the local populance for having supported the separatists . 
  this is among the worst qualifying statements i 've ever read . 
  not only does it not address anything i said in my previous comment , but it also just regurgitates russian propaganda in addition to assuming that the local populace in the conflict zone even gives a shit . 
  let me guess , ukrainians are also crucifying ethnic russians en masse and the soldiers coming from russia are simply lost tourists ? 
  are you fucking kidding ? 
  how did they get the necessary training to operate a * fucking sam launcher * and why would ukraine have deployed an anti-air weapon if it was just rebels ? 
  oh boy , whole * thousands * of ukrainians . 
  let 's put this in perspective . 
  if a country is invaded and the invading party enlists a faction of locals to fight against the central government it 's not a civil war . 
  the war in afghanistan is not a civil war just because we armed tajiks against the ruling taliban or now the ana against insurgents . 
  russia invaded ukraine , that 's a fact , and started backing separatist elements that would have never otherwise functioned had the regional power not gotten involved . 
  calling it a civil war is therefore disingenuous as the conflict is between ukraine and russia more than it is ukraine and the rebels acting as russia 's cannon fodder . 
  the actual ukrainians would n't stand a chance if it was n't for russian backing . 
  where the fuck do you think they get buks from ? 
  this war is entirely on russia . 
  most of russia 's trade is with europe . 
  you realize that germany , france , italy , and most other european union countries in some capacity all sell weapons to the saudis . 
  in fact the french do the most business with them . 
  t_d mouthbreathers have no shame , what do you expect . 
  bonus comment from him :  no , it just goes to show how much easier it is to push women around and how much more easily they cave in to pressure . 
  i despise trump but if he can respond in a strong way to this it 'll certainly raise my opinion of him and i 'm sure there are many other americans who agree . 
  1 ) are trump supporters now listening to the united nations ? 
  i guess that means they no longer support the immigrant/refugee ban . 
  2 ) are you implying that the druze have had it better than christians in syria ? 
  because the only difference has been that there are less druze . 
  3 ) point me to where trump has even mentioned the yazidis ? 
  where 's the support for the druze ? 
  fact of the matter is that trump is just pandering with that fuckery . 
  not that it matters , since we 're in / r/europe not / r/the _ donald keep peddling the agenda though, 
  a little different than the castles posted here lately , but one of my favorites in the region . 
  yea , but russia has rasputitsa in both the spring and fall .
