  in addition their absolute intolerance ended up causing major problems for spain , particularly due to their expulsion of the jews who were experienced with finance , since at the same time spain was introducing literal tons of gold into their economy . 
   the whole thing was mostly motivated by power and greed than religion but there 's always an excuse . 
  we have always had our ups and downs and we have to strives for ups rather than fearing downs . 
  the thing is though , it seems as though the islamic world has been on a steady down since the sack of baghdad . 
  one could argue that the ottoman empire was an `` up '' but i imagine that would depend on who you asked , as evidenced by the opinions of my serbian friends . 
  but yea , things are never black and white so it 's hard to categorize something like the ottoman empire . 
   yes you are right that people in the middle east are not as western , and i did not mean that christians are the same ; but that you ca n't group people together . 
  you 're right , but many of the nations that have inexcusably high levels of completely incompatible views are the ones with the most immigrants coming to europe , namely pakistan and afghanistan . 
  moroccans and algerians also seem to be major problem causers as well despite being from stable , and in the case of morocco , relatively prosperous ( though that 's very relative ) countries . 
   what happened in san bernadino was a tragedy and those terrorists can fuck themselves in hell . 
  but remember that it takes over a year for multiple government agencies to vet asylum seekers . 
  the people that committed the act had been in the u.s. for over 10 years and were radicalized within the u.s. 
  which is why i find it ridiculous when people try to claim that there 's no problem with the first generation immigrants/asylum since it 's the muslims that have been in their host countries for extended periods of time that commit all of the atrocities , as if those new first generation immigrants wo n't eventually be susceptible to the same method of radicalization that long-term and second and third generation immigrants are exposed to . 
  it 's clear that it 's not just a short-term problem , and by increasing the number of muslims in concentrated areas , nations are only setting themselves up for more acts like these . 
   but lets say that we do nothing at all . 
  block any new refugees from coming in and let them deal with there own problems and decisions . 
  but if people like isis gain power what do we do then ? 
  are we to let human beings suffer and go against the ideals that every first world nation is founded upon ? 
  aiding those in need and fighting isis are not impossible even if european borders are actually enforced . 
  the way asylum is supposed to work in the first place is that the first safe country is the one that asylum seekers are supposed to register at , which clearly is n't happening . 
  it would be more pragmatic to care for the refugees abroad rather than in europe , and it would be far less expensive for european countries as well . 
   but i understand limiting ourselves to stop intervening like we did in the past and find alternatives while still doing more than sending a couple advisers . 
  we have to westernize the middle east . 
  baby steps . 
  hopefully within our lifetimes we 'll see a truly prosperous middle east and north africa . 
  it really would be amazing , especially because a lot of the muslim world is beautiful . 
  i may not be a huge fan of islam , but i do think that middle easterners have a lot to be proud of in terms of history . 
  it seems like everybody forgets just how much the middle east contributed to the world in the late middle ages , giving us algebra , numerals that we use today , and massive contributions to astronomy , among many other things . 
  it 's a shame that things like bacha bazi and grooming accompany many islamic cultures , particularly in pakistan and afghanistan . 
  western cultures surely have had their fair share of things that could match , but it seems like we 've largely grown out of them . 
  and like i said , going to indonesia was really an amazing experience . 
  i had the opportunity to help teach english to a lot of indonesian teens and got to experience the urban culture of jakarta , and visited a small mosque in the middle of nowhere . 
  anyway i appreciate this conversation not turning into the usual bullshit shouting match that it usually does . 
  thanks for that . 
  well , some people do care , and even then there really are n't that many problems being caused by these immigrants , aside from the terrifying fact the central americans send their children unattended fairly frequently . 
  we 're also starting to get a significant amount of our illegal immigration from east and southeast asia . 
   why would n't there be ? 
  because germany is a nation created on an ethnic foundation , and if the german nation is no longer german , than at that point what is it ? 
  identity will become an even bigger question for its inhabitants . 
   all you need is a reformed education system and some effective social engineering to compensate for parent influence and , over time , erase any meaningful differences in early childhood in majority of kids . 
  this is idealistic at best . 
  you say this like it 's an easy thing to do , implying that germans are n't already head preaching that there 's nothing different between a german and any other race . 
  social engineering can never change that non-european immigrants to europe will never feel entirely european , rather feeling torn between their two nations of belonging : their ethnic home , and the country in which they currently live . 
  as a general leftist , i 've noticed that other leftists like to pretend that this is n't a problem , despite writers of immigrant backgrounds writing extensively of their emotions regarding their inability to feel a belonging to any one background . 
  when you say that they should `` erase '' differences between children , there 's no real way to do that short of denying them the knowledge of their ethnic background . 
  when derek walcott writes of his conflicting feelings of anger towards the british yet love of the english language , coupled with his desire to embrace his african heritage but lacking the means to do so , he 's writing the same thing that immigrants feel today in europe . 
  you can find this even in popular culture , with stromae vocally explaining his inability to find a cultural heritage to which he belongs , and hanif kureishi describing the same problem through karim in * buddha of suburbia . 
  * pretend that it is n't all you like , but race is important , and in europe causes and will continue to cause problems for social cohesion . 
   every child born in germany ( or one that moves to germany at a very young age ) is a blank canvas that can potentially turn into anything from a terrorist to the next german chancellor . 
  this just is n't true . 
  any moroccan in europe will be noticeable different than the natives simply through religion and color of skin , from birth to death . 
  no schooling can change that . 
  because of this they will never feel european , and they will question their identities . 
  the common identifier that mena immigrants have found in each other is consistently islam , and this directly ties in with the fact that all of the terrorist acts in europe committed by second and third generation muslims . 
  you ca n't just say that people are blank canvases , there is much more to every individual person than that . 
   you just have to tweak your policies until you can reliably get the picture that you want when they reach adulthood . 
  what the hell ? 
  just tweak your policies ? 
  you act like it 's so easy to fix society and yet you put forth no actual viable plan to do so . 
   their ethnic and genetic origins are of very little consequence , just so horribly false if you 're looking at anything other than a biological standpoint . 
   and germany ( and every other nation ) will change its ethnic and genetic markup over time , but that does n't mean anything of value is necessarily lost . 
  german culture and identity ? 
  is that not something of value ? 
  or are you the type who believes that diversity is the greatest strength ? 
  either way , it 's scary to hear people so eager to do away with the culture that nations like germany , france , italy , etc. 
  have developed over the last thousand years . 
   that said , there 's no long term national future for any country in europe because european integration process is no more stoppable than globalization itself . 
  yea , that 's really evident right now . 
  this idealism is just ridiculous . 
   have you met any actual muslims ? 
  do you think that everyone 's a radical damn terrorist ? 
  where i grew up there was a significant muslim population that i was exposed to from an early age . 
  i 'm not the oc , but where there were great people who were muslims , there were also really , really shitty ones with regard to how they interacted with their faith . 
  nobody thinks that all muslims are terrorists , that 's just an unfortunately common strawman . 
  pew surveys do confirm however that the opinions that muslims in the mena have are typically not aligned with western values , as mentioned in the article . 
   indonesia is the sex change capital of the world and its practically mostly muslims , i 've been to indonesia , and you 're right , it 's a great place with some great people . 
  it 's unfortunate that extremist islam is still a concern in the nation . 
   iran is something like that too . 
  dj khaled is blowing up his fans . 
  malcom x was a muslim , malcolm x did n't exactly preach peace , and iran forces homosexuals to have sex changes because homosexuality is essentially deemed impossible by the iranian government . 
  progressive only at the surface level . 
   muslims in the past have coexisted with others for centuries . 
  like when ? 
  the only peaceful spread of islam has been in east and southeast asia because of trade , but everything else was spread by the sword . 
  one can argue that the golden age in baghdad promoted peaceful coexistence and liberalization of islamic values , but that was put to a very violent end by the mongols long ago . 
   here in the states we have loads of extreme christians that if given the chance and resources they would murder gays , imprison them , ect . 
  there are always extremes on all sides . 
  go look at the pew survey regarding muslim opinions towards gays and rethink whether or not it 's just a few extremists on the muslim side . 
  it 's na\u00efve to believe that christians in the west are at the same level as muslims in the mena . 
  also , because you 're american you see very different muslims than the ones elsewhere in the world . 
  america 's muslim population is generally more educated and wealthy ; they would need to be to get here in the first place . 
  go abroad and you 'll find that muslims here are not representative of muslims elsewhere by any means . 
   what 's your deal ? 
  all hate hate and hate . 
  it 's not hate . 
  people do n't want the effects that this demographic will bring to their countries , especially in nation states like those in europe that are n't defined by the same immigrant histories that our country is founded upon . 
  i 'm pro-syrian immigrant to the united states even though i was around san bernardino on the day of the shooting , but even then i worry what the effects of the refugees would be on the united states . 
   the regions are still they 're do we just nuke the middle east ? 
  not all catholic priests rape children , not all muslims are terrorist , ect . 
  but to deny that it 's a widespread problem is simply ignorance .
