  let 's say i 'm proud of the achievements made by my nation in the past . 
  i had no influence on these events , but they have influence on me , and inspire me to do something to further those achievements . 
   for instance if i was proud of the long history and past glory of my nation , it would n't make any sense since i do n't have anything to do with that . 
  is it so irrational to feel pride in being able to be a part of the nation that you by chance were born into ? 
  i have n't personally shaped my entire nation , and yet i would like to contribute to the nation that i am a part of . 
  the reasoning behind a lot of the responses i 'm receiving is the opposite of this , ie i have n't done anything to contribute to my nation and therefore why would i be proud to be a part of it , whereas i feel like because i have n't done anything to contribute to my nation i might feel more inclined to do something to better it . 
  at least in theory anyway . 
   if i was proud of the conservation state of the momunents and actually participated in preserving those monuments it would be more understandable . 
  that is understandable , but what is it that drives one to go out of their way to help preserve their history ? 
   basically , imo people should be proud of things they do , and i think very few of us has an actual impact on what our nation do , or how our country works . 
  we have some ridiculously small influence on some niche aspect , but that would n't warrant some generic proud feel toward a whole organism . 
  i agree in that we should be proud of what we do , but i think that a part of being proud of one 's nation has to do with whether or not you would take an opportunity to better that nation were you presented with the opportunity . 
  we ca n't all be the bismarcks , napoleons or willems of our countries , but it seems as though if everybody had the mindset of `` well i was just born here , '' europe would be drastically different than it is today . 
  you 're right in that our overall influence on our countries are minimal , but i feel like there 's something to be said for the role of the individual in the wellbeing of the collective . 
  for instance , many people have the mindset of `` why should i vote , my vote is too insignificant to matter , '' which might be true if that mindset were isolated only to that person . 
  instead , 40 % of the american populace feels that way even in the general election . 
  it seems as though national identity is an interesting and surprisingly abstract concept when you really get into it , and i do n't think there 's a right answer either way . 
   the other way round , i am not ashamed at my country either , no one cared to ask me wether the army should do shitty things for instance , and i have no involvment whatsoever , nor can i realistically stop them from doing shitty things . 
  so would you say you have much connection to your country then ? 
  because it seems as though you have no strong feelings either way . 
  were your country occupied , would you try to fight the occupation or would you simply not care , as you were just born there and you never did anything for the country anyway ? 
  and again , i 'm not trying to argue , rather just get opinions on the matter to help inform my own . 
  thanks for being respectful in your response . 
  i suppose you have a point about catalonia . 
  [ this is an interesting read ] ( http://www.columbia.edu/itc/journalism/stille/politics%20fall%202007/readings%20weeks%206-7/civic%20and%20ethnic%20nations%20and%20nationalism.pdf ) regarding the subject if you have time  and finally , i am not american , i am canadian , and as similar as our two nations are , do not presume we underwent the same historical and social evolution to become the nations we are today . 
  i was aware . 
  my reason for comparing our two countries was due to the fact that the united states and canada were typically used as examples of civic nationalism , with common backgrounds regarding the immigrant-based nature of our societies . 
  this seems like splitting hairs . 
  call it cultural nationalism or ethnic nationalism , the fact of the matter is that catalans are in favor of being represented by catalans , rather than castilian spaniards . 
   people can be proud of their nation even if they are throwing stones at homosexuals . 
  nationalism makes us blind for our own defects , and tries to make us feel better for being superior to another shithole . 
  is this unique to nationalism though ? 
  and were i french , would it be wrong for me to be proud of my nation even though france had done terrible things in the past ? 
  i love where i 'm from but i still criticize the shit out of it when the need arises . 
  whatever though , to each his own . 
   remember folks . 
  wikipedia is the place to go for a  ccurate political assessments of current events . 
  historians are ancient history , as are political analysts . 
  put your trust in the collective of internet hivemind moderated by a group of moderators that overwhelmingly represent a very specific culture and viewpoint . 
  this is what you 're calling an argument ? 
   are you being intentionally obtuse , or do you genuinely believe that wikipedia is citable source on ongoing political events that have massive amount of online information that is mutually exclusive ? 
  are you deliberately avoiding contesting anything the above poster said and instead focusing entirely on the fact that he used wikipedia ? 
  because that 's what it seems like, 
  how is it that catalonia is attempting to foster civic nationalism when the entire purpose of their independence campaign is based on the idea of a nation representing the catalan people , ie ethnic nationalism at the foundational level ? 
  you mention civic nationalism in other comments like its something that european nations can easily attain , despite the fact that most european countries have long-standing traditions of ethnic based nation states . 
  why is it a negative thing for poland to be a nation based on the representation of the people ? 
  as an american , do n't try to push something that works for us under our unique circumstances onto europeans who have completely different histories that lead up to them having the nations that they have today , just like europeans should n't try to push things onto us based on what is unique to them . 
  why is it stupid to be proud of one 's nation ? 
  not arguing , just want to hear the reasoning behind this . 
  remember folks , instead of actually arguing a point , just patronizingly dismiss a widely used source of information instead of providing any of your own , because that would require effort . 
   thank you for your thoughtful analysis . 
  and thank you for a respectful response , i apologize if i come off in an asshole-ish manner . 
   i just think you are over blowing the differences with us and europe and exaggerating the integration and identity problems . 
  you gave good examples of immigrant stories and struggling with duel identity and the issues it causes . 
  however , these are not unique to europe . 
  there is a reason american 's hyphen their identity like african-american or irish-american . 
  and as an american who frequently has to explain to people like those who frequent / r/shitamericanssay , in regards to americans of european descent it is n't as much of a split identity as it is something americans identify as for some reason as a background that they like to look into and occasionally discuss with friends . 
  of course , there are a few idiots here and there who think their half-irish background makes them unique for some reason , largely it 's just a small thing that americans enjoy for whatever reason . 
  i 'm partially guilty ; i enjoy looking into my dutch background and i 've managed to find records dating back to the 1500s detailing ancestors and where they lived ( niehove ) . 
  but i digress . 
  african americans are a different story , as their identities were largely wiped out by the slave trade . 
  african americans in the united states have unique and very unfortunate problems that have arisen because of this , and often cause conflicts when africans migrate to the united states and find themselves ostracized by existing black communities . 
  but that 's another discussion . 
   immigrants in the us struggle with the same difficulties of integrating into a new land . 
  the same phenomenon of immigrants idealizing their homeland 's culture happens in the us as well . 
  they do , however these are generally alleviated more rapidly , particularly in regards to the muslim migrants in the united states . 
  part of the reason for this is that the united states and canada do n't have as much of an ethnic component to what it means to be american , rather one based on ideals . 
  at least in theory , anyway . 
  there are areas where people for whatever reason associate american with being white , but that 's generally in rural areas and , again , a discussion for another time . 
  anyway , we only have 2 % muslims out of our whole population which makes the formation of enclaves even more difficult , which in turn makes radicalization more difficult , but clearly not impossible , if san bernardino was any indication . 
   many 1st and some 2nd generation americans will tend to be more religious than the home country they left as immigrants cling to religion harder as source of comfort and to not lose their identity . 
  just like in europe , yes . 
  but at least in my experience this clinging to religion becomes as superficial as that of the christians of the united states , ie devout on a surface level . 
   it was n't that long ago , that the idea of a united european culture would be considered naive . 
  english hated the french and vice versa . 
  everyone just went to war with germany . 
  english would n't have considered the irish a nice well integrated minority during the time of troubles . 
  only today after a generation or two of integration does nobody have a problem with inter-european immigration . 
  now its those scary non-europeans who are too different to integrate . 
  but it 's very , very different when dealing with non-europeans . 
  it 's not like intra-european immigration is a new phenomenon with the advent of the european union . 
  for instance massive amounts of huegenots migrated to sweden , england , and germany as well as the new world without much issue . 
  we 've only started to see real lasting problems with european immigration when when its been extra-european immigrants , and in particular those from the middle east and north africa ( also afghanistan and pakistan , particularly in the uk , but some consider that the middle east these days . ), 
  as for the irish , you could say the same about the basques but i think the problem there lies in that they do n't want to be part of their current nation due to perceived lack of representation for their demographic and desire for a nation state for their ethnicity . 
   culture , religion , and identity are not static . 
  that does not mean that we should strive to change them . 
   they change regularly as people interact , trade , share , and learn more about each other . 
  number 1 dish in england is chicken tikka masala . 
  i do n't think that the foods that people eat are really representative of the status of the immigrants that countries take in . 
   as much as american 's like to think we are exceptional , we are just like anyone else . 
  we fear new people and what we do n't know , but after a while it becomes the norm . 
  20-30-40 years from now after more mixing and hopefully interbreeding , single ethnic identities will be considered abnormal . 
  americans may be similar to other westerners but it 's disingenuous to say we that we , as a society , are the same as other societies . 
  and even then , 20-30-40 years from now has n't been enough time for france to even come close to integrating the algerians it took in after the war , for the british to integrate the pakistanis to the point where they 'll stop grooming underaged girls , and the gypsies have been unintegrated in every european country for hundreds of years . 
  it 's far too idealistic to assume that time is all that is necessary for these groups to integrate . 
  we might as well put all of our hopes in singing kumbaya . 
  and as for the interbreeding comment , why do european nations need to interbreed with extra-european immigrants ? 
  i find it slightly disturbing that you would hope that ethnicities would be gone in this context . 
   always a reason why this time is different . 
  are you too stubborn to understand the fact that some societies are more capable than others at handling certain issues ?
