  well , you could always just use guiana * edit : corrected by / u/futuremachine, 
  statistics are * gross *, 
  you realize that this further fuels anti-immigrant sentiment , because even though they were born in europe they 're still killing europeans for an extra-national group ? 
  why would anybody want to take in more immigrants if they 're going to be an even bigger problem in a generation ? 
  they 'll never feel apart of european society , and this is n't a new phenomenon . 
  i agree , but what the sanctions did do was at least send a message that aggression towards western neighbors would n't be simply tolerated by the west . 
  we should n't throw ukraine under the bus so hastily , imo . 
  well , as it stands the project is being initially focused on the la-bay area route , with expansion to san diego happening later on . 
  but i agree that san diego-los angeles would be smarter , however we already have the pacific surfliner which runs to slo ( i did n't realize it went that far when i posted my earlier comment ) . 
  unfortunately that rail has an average speed of 41 mph which is obviously unideal , but the state has a lot of budgetary problems so replacing that infrastructure is a hot topic . 
  as a native san diegan , the public transit is really lacking . 
  we used to have streetcars like in san francisco , but for some reason they were done away with in favor of busses that are n't frequently used at all . 
  there 's a train that runs up the coast from solana to la but i 'm not sure if it goes past that . 
  it 's actually a nice ride , i take it when i do n't feel like dealing with the horror that is driving anywhere near los angeles . 
  but overall car culture is pretty big down here which is a shame , but overall i do n't think the city is neither big nor dense enough to justify a metro , and who wants to ride a bus when car culture is so prevalent ? 
  luckily [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/california_high-speed_rail ) is under construction which has me really excited . 
  the only way you 'll get arrested for public intoxication is if you 're making a scene . 
  source : relatively frequently drunk in public, 
  sorry , but this is n't true . 
  so please , do n't start this circlejerk . 
  source : circumcised , rarely ever have used any lube to wank . 
  except it 's not . 
  german jews would have been put in camps and likely killed . 
  afghans , pakistanis , west africans , and africans from the horn ( save maybe eritrea ) likely wo n't be systematically killed for their religions , and if they are , then they have grounds to emigrate . 
  but take a look at the non-syrian immigrants coming into your country and you 'll find that the majority of them are n't fleeing anything more than relative poverty . 
  i remember making these same comments back when it was released that the us spied on germans and being downvoted to oblivion . 
  how times have changed i guess . 
  for one it 's very much possible that the economic prospects in the united states are better for him than in germany , and that statement about the leave is n't uniform . 
  it varies greatly . 
  a , almost certain it 's a jpg file , and b , i know, 
  all is forgiven !, 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  i 'm sure donald trump has tremendous influence on spanish speakers around the world . 
  who are you kidding ? 
  lmfao , ** what ** edit : account age 1 minute . 
  if you do n't mind , i 'd really like to hear more of your opinion on the matter . 
   as tensions increased , the country pops . 
  it happened to the austro-hungarian empire , it happened to ukraine . 
  except when it does n't . 
  the austro-hungarian empire did n't `` pop , '' and nor is ukraine `` popping . '', 
   my history teacher from a small hs at the time in 2004 . 
  no wonder the rest of this post is bad history . 
  laugh all you want , i 'm still right . 
  net neutrality is stringently enforced in the us right now . 
  yep , this is the us ' fault . 
  europeans are n't capable of making boneheaded decisions on their own . 
  meanwhile the us has net neutrality . 
  what exactly were you importing ? 
   if kosovo can why cant rs ? 
  oh right its not western backed and only western backed separatist movements have legitimacy wow , countries do things and do n't want other countries doing the same things , what a new and crazy concept !, 
  good thing only the west does this . 
  lots of pakistanis and afghans . 
  you 're a bunch of idiots if you think the mess you 've inspired is the best way to help those fleeing war in syria . 
  german policy has accomplished only a mass migration from mena and south asia , as well as stunting the countries from which migrants are coming with the resulting brain drain . 
  let 's be clear on something : access to a foreign country is * not * a human right . 
  in response to the statement that syria is a dictatorship , this was posted  really no different than us elections . 
  we get the choice of 2 corporate parties backed by money and whether we have bush or obama we still end up with very similar outcomes . 
  just slightly different ways of getting there . 
  christ . 
  you might as well just cut out the middleman and say `` i do n't actually understand american politics , but i did just defend an actual dictatorship ! '', 
  what a horribly idiotic statement . 
  lol what the fuck, 
  truth is that nobody knows what the fuck they 're doing . 
  edit : except maybe the swiss . 
  and arguably singapore . 
  people look at us debt like it 's the checkmate that will take down the obviously sickly amerikkkan empire , when it could n't be further from the truth . 
  the us debt is , while problematically large , relatively insignificant , particularly in these matters . 
  i wonder if all the germans who were just so outraged that the us would * spy * on their * allies * are as `` shocked '' now as they were then ? 
  or now that germany has been caught multiple times spying on neighbors and allies , and people are going with `` everybody spies , '' can i start calling people german apologists now ? 
  somebody relocate me to luxembourg , * please . 
  hmm , interesting . 
  i guess my post has a major leak . 
  editing my post again once i finish the paper . 
  edit : so this is an interesting case . 
  two things specifically stand out to me . 
  the east german law essentially prohibits leaving the country without authorization . 
  this contradicts international law as it 's a declared human right to be able to leave any country . 
  however , where this becomes confusing is how this changes if a neighboring country does not want that individual . 
  do they have the right to circumvent another country 's borders against the wishes of that country ? 
  what further complicates this piece is that the gdr border guards were tried by the * bundesgerichtshof * after unification , as east german citizens were now all simply german citizens , and as such the killing of east germans trying to flee west by border guards is simply seen as a german killing a german . 
  ex post facto does n't apply in this situation i assume because of the aforementioned contradiction between international and gdr law . 
  anyway , interesting case . 
  however , some questions remain unanswered : how can a country defend its borders if a determined group is bent on crossing , if not by force ? 
  crowd control in the form of riot police , tear gas , and rubber bullets seem to be only semi-effective , although rubber bullets do n't seem be seeing much use in the border crises right now . 
  in addition , are there other examples of individuals being tried for killing foreign nationals attempting to illegally enter a country ? 
  because the example of gdr border guards being tried by the * bundesgerichtshof * seems to be a very unique situation . 
  edit 2 : also , the concept of national sovereignty needs to be addressed as well , because the ability for a country to have a secure border is , as i said , integral to the concept of a sovereign nation state . 
  borders are integral to a nation 's sovereignty . 
  if a nation does n't want to have its borders open to outsiders , it has every right to prevent people from crossing the border into the nation . 
  why people think it 's the right of the outsider to be able to enter a sovereign nation without that nation 's permission is beyond me . 
  and ironically nobody has a problem when other , `` globally southern '' countries enforce border security ; mexico constantly intercepts and expels central american economic migrants and nobody bats an eye . 
  i imagine it 's just that the media absolutely * loves * an opportunity to talk about racist eastern europeans . 
  just because they 're desperate and unarmed does n't mean they 're entitled to access through a nation 's borders . 
  it 's unfortunate that an afghan died , but if bulgarians decide that force is to be used in defending the integrity of their borders , then that 's up to them , just like it 's hungary 's right to build a fence . 
  having two factions that the us wants gone fight each other is simply good strategy , and with assad growing in strength this seems like a good way to fuck isis over . 
  it would also get the russians to actually combat isis as a priority instead of other anti-assad factions . 
  of course , all that assumes your statement is true , and i have n't seen anything to suggest that it is , so i 'm going to go ahead and take it with a grain of salt . 
  he 's certainly been doing damage to the party from the inside . 
  maybe tearing apart was an overstatement , but it 's hard to deny that trump is having a very negative effect on the gop . 
  personally i think that trump is brilliant in some areas and an absolute idiot in others .
