  but remember ladies and gentlemen , if your country had the misfortune of being part of the ussr , russia is inclined to slowly annex parts of your country , via puppet state or otherwise . 
   oh , but no , i am probably talking rubbish , and putin is hitler reincarnated , your words , not mine . 
   and you know it better even though you are an ocean away . 
  ah , the good ol' proximity = inherent knowledge trope . 
   because you have great non-biased media to read , do n't you . 
  ironic  oh , and i 'm probably stupid too , are n't i. 
  once again , your words . 
  did somebody hurt you ? 
   oh , and putin is a evil ruskie , is n't he ... or did i say that already ? 
  it 's alright , the rest of this comment may as well have been copied verbatim too . 
   and you are not rusophobic in any way . 
  and what is that anyway , rusophobic , if i had a nickel for every time a russian cried russophobia like he was the most oppressed being on earth , by now i 'd probably have dyed my hair orange and would be standing at a podium yelling about mexicans because i 'd be a fucking billionaire . 
  the only situation in which i can imagine russophobia being an * actual * thing is in eastern europe , in the countries that russia held hostage until ' 91 . 
  and in that case , russophobia is a literal fear of another russian takeover . 
  go ahead and call georgians russophobic like you have n't brought it entirely upon yourselves . 
  as for the rest of us ? 
  western europe and north america could boycott literally one of russia 's products and cause a societal collapse . 
  in addition , russia has a gdp smaller than that of california , a state of 30 million . 
  it 's not russophobia , it 's the west being sick of russia trying to become a superpower again when in reality all it 's doing is dragging down other countries . 
  russia could have easily realigned itself with the west after the fall of the ussr and would probably be much better off today , and honestly much more powerful . 
  but , now it sits isolated and ready to be used by china . 
   we all love our stupid drunk russians . 
  you 're really projecting here . 
  edit : [ bonus fun ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4cpe94/be_deutsch_achtung_germans_on_the_rise_from_the/d1kqe26 ) !, 
  not welcome by who ? 
  the former superpower that is resented by the nations it held hostage over the course of 50 years , or those nations who ran to nato at the first opportunity ? 
  because it seems like nato is fairly welcome in eastern europe . 
  the only people who care about having power balanced are the ones who no longer have any weight with which to tip the scale , and i do n't think the soviets were simply looking to keep the balance intact either . 
  so how * do * you justify repeatedly advancing the separatist border further and further into georgia ? 
  are they attacking russian peacekeepers ? 
  and yet they whine about nato `` expansionism '', 
  would love to hear the russian justification for this, 
  that 's certainly an interesting , and of course baseless assumption to make . 
  any other angles of attack you want to try to pursue ? 
  thanks for your input , cheers . 
  you understand that these are two corrupt and very nationalistic countries that have every reason to publish propaganda against one another ? 
  i 've realized by now that this subreddit has completely sided with armenia and lost sight of objectivity , but local sources are going to be completely and entirely unreliable for the time being and this post is no exception . 
  regarding context , how about the description of how they were killed ? 
  are we going to believe so easily that azerbaijanis just have it out for armenia 's elderly population , and seemingly only their elderly population ? 
  the whole thing just reeks of propaganda in the same way the us got itself riled up on reports of iraqis pulling babies from incubators and shooting them . 
  edit : look . 
  i do n't have any connection to either of these countries . 
  i 've just noticed by now what propaganda looks like in this sub , because every time something happens , whether it 's turkey shooting down a russian plane , russia invading ukraine , or even just interactions between turks and kurds , it always pops up in / r/europe and it 's not hard to identify anymore . 
  if you would take the literal seconds required to read any of the other posts saying the exact same thing , i was n't speaking in regards to geography . 
   `` this content does n't belong in / r/europe anyway '' says the guy with a us flair . 
  sorry , i forgot i was n't allowed in this exclusive club . 
   this is n't an eu subreddit , this conflict very much pertains to the larger european continent . 
  i did n't mean that geographically , i thought i had made that abundantly clear by now . 
   warped logic in what way exactly ? 
   by that same token human rights violations in syria should n't have been posted on reddit because they garnered sympathy or propagated animosity for one side or the other . 
  yea , here 's the problem with that comparison . 
  when articles pertaining to government versus rebel conflict were posted to / r/worldnews about syria , it was n't a collection of four photos dead elderly , and the articles were n't from syrian organizations , government or otherwise . 
  whereas here , it 's an armenian outlet posting nothing but pictures of dead elderly . 
  the only commentary is describing just how old and helpless they were . 
  it 's not that we should n't be posting and discussing human rights violations , it 's that we need to not be posting articles that only function as rage-enablers . 
  if bbc comes out with an article discussing events in nagorno-karabakh , we should definitely share it . 
  but in the same way a pravda.ru article pertaining to the ukrainian crisis is taken with a large grain of salt , the same scrutiny should be applied to articles coming out of what might as well be two balkan countries in the immediate aftermath of individual battles . 
  especially if it looks like propaganda , which i would say this could easily be . 
  when fighting in donbass was at its height , did you believe every russian publication that said ukrainians were crucifying ethnic russians for speaking russian ? 
   and what does him being a teen have to do with anything ? 
  looking at your comment history you play wow and other video games and spend too much time on reddit . 
  should that information somehow discredit what you share ? 
  of course not . 
  no , you 're absolutely right , although i meant to emphasize nationality which i would say is an important factor in determining motivation . 
  i was n't speaking geographically . 
  this just is n't the kind of post we need in this subreddit . 
  we should encourage actual articles and discourse , rather than gore shots posted to gain sympathy for one of the involved factions . 
  what 's your excuse for the thousands of fighters coming out of western europe ? 
  is that indicative of islamic extremism in their governments as well ? 
  because the amount of fighters coming out of belgium is pretty proportional to azerbaijan despite belgium being a historically christian country . 
  op referring to the original post in this situation , but anyway stay safe . 
  yes , you 've posted that `` article '' everywhere as well , despite it being hardly any different than the op . 
  it 's an armenian outlet posting without any context , other than how old these people are , a series of gore pictures that somehow only include the elderly , so excuse me if i take this publication with a chunk of salt . 
  i 'll wait until there 's better international coverage . 
  and given that you are in no way shape or form posting objectively , i 'm going to continue to be wary of propaganda posted by armenians and azerbaijanis in this conflict . 
   i 'd say that generally items about the conflict should be welcome on this subreddit i 'm not saying that on a geographic principle . 
   it 's just that it 's report in the context of a conflict from one particular side ( between two basically illiberal regimes ) about a supposed atrocity . 
  i do n't know much about this particular site ( and i 'm genuinely sympathetic to the armenian side ) but if we 're going to complain about azerbaijani ( and russian ) propaganda we should be critical of reports like these as well . 
  i agree , and this is largely what i meant in my previous comment : that this is essentially a gore shot that is void of any and all context and could easily be fabricated . 
  the fact of the matter is that this is the inflammatory stuff that wo n't actually have any rational discussion along with it , rather people calling one side animals . 
  i think articles and actual discourse about this conflict should be encouraged , but not random gore shots posted to put people into a fervor . 
  it is strange indeed , but the impression that i 've got is that despite their shia history the majority of azerbaijanis are atheists , they 're a former ssr , and they 've been pretty stable and relatively wealthy , with the potential to be a supplier of oil and gas to europe . 
  so i have to assume that that 's good enough for whoever is making those maps to qualify as european . 
  edit : they are strongly secular , and most who identify as muslims do so loosely , but i was incorrect in saying that they 're largely atheist . 
  thank you . 
  this content does n't belong in / r/europe anyway , and i suspect it 's being posted here simply to garner sympathy for the armenian factions in this conflict . 
  edit : yea , upon looking at op 's comment history he 's an armenian teen . 
  and they needed them before ? 
  the french had given up on naval ambition for 7 years by the time of the war . 
  it 's a pretty poor excuse to kidnap traders and steal their ships . 
  we stood up to the british and solidified our claim to independence . 
  in addition , the brits stopped impressing our trading vessels and seamen . 
  detective putin on the case once again in his trusty trench coat !, 
  but muh history, 
   so america is to blame for the radicalisation ? 
  nope . 
  the individuals getting radicalized and those that radicalize are . 
  thanks , you just contradicted yourself and confirmed the main point of my previous comment , that the west is n't responsible for the large scale radicalization of muslims , rather muslims are responsible for their own radicalization . 
  cheers , i wo n't even touch those other regurgitated arguments because quite frankly they 've been done to death . 
  i strongly dislike trump as a candidate , but this is n't anything worth reporting to be quite honest .
