  however , even ignoring the historical impossibility of the scare-tactic scenario you just dropped on us , i fail to see the relevance of anything you just said , especially given that it did n't address anything i mentioned in the previous post . 
  if it was an excuse to be smug , then bravo . 
  oh , and somebody notify malta that their country needs to be ethnically cleansed , seeing as they 're a country of mixed origin with a typically darker complexion and speaking a language descended from arabic . 
  jesus christ it 's like / r/european in here . 
  the ottomans pumped so much vitality into that city almost immediately that konstaniniyye would hardly be recognizable compared to the constantinople that the venetians shat on and left to rot . 
  we ca n't be certain that the hagia sophia would even be here at all if 14th century europeans had kept control of the city , and the blue mosque is another beautiful addition to istanbul . 
  but nooo dirty somewhat-brown people ( turks share a lot of greek genetics - they just speak a turkic language ) should n't * taint * glorious ~ ~ white ~ ~ european civilization . 
  very sorry for your loss , and i hope things in the united states are going well for your family , but i feel the need to ask about your username, 
  yep , we 're basically a third world theocracy over here . 
  ready to plunge the world into a global nuclear third great awakening . 
  any minute now, 
   the only problem i have with jews is that i do n't sacrilize them , like most of the rest of you ( americans and europeans ) and treat them without double standards consequently . 
  europe and the americas have this habit with all minorities , it 's hardly unique to jews . 
   also i did n't defend the caveman guy and he was n't calling people cavemen . 
  he said jews should go back to living in their caves . . idk what else that 's supposed to mean, 
  yea , this is n't nazism . 
  because israel , as a state for an ethno-religious group , has had conflict and complications with other ethnic and/or religious groups , does not make it a nazi state . 
  sweden used to sterilize gypsies until the early 70s , this did not make them national socialists . 
  israel does not have the governmental and economic systems that a national socialist/fascist state has had in the past . 
  so all in all , your claim that israel is nazi is a hyperbolic exaggeration that i can only assume you concluded for shock value , and , based on the willingness you showed to defend somebody calling jews cavemen , some irrational dislike of the jewish people . 
  what ? 
  germany absolutely has resources that we do , or at * least * the same resources that britain and france do . 
  the problem is that they are n't trying , and do n't want to try . 
  germans have amazing tanks , guns , planes , etc. 
  the problem is that they do n't want to bother with them . 
  france , by comparison , puts it 's military to use in north africa very effectively . 
  germany has no excuse to let their military gather dust like this . 
  and what makes you think that russians would be so much better at safeguarding this guy than a western nation ? 
  especially in relation to us power ? 
  and i did n't downvote you , but make more baseless assumptions . 
  that 's . . actually a good point, 
  with broomsticks and mothballed tanks i assume ? 
  germany is n't exactly ready for any fighting . 
  what 's stopping them from doing it now , if not in geneva ? 
   their people are more mean towards foreigners though and they do n't speak as much english . 
  ya know i appreciate your input , but i 've never experienced this . 
  maybe it 's because i have n't spent enough time in europe , but when i was in france everybody was very nice , and in switzerland ( yea , not germany but i figure just germans on steroids ) people were a lot more stern and condescending . 
  i 've also been yelled at by a german here in san diego and i 'm dating girl from qu\u00e9bec so i probably have a bit of bias . 
  love that it 's america as the bad guy again , never mind that european-based companies like bayer , nestl\u00e9 , basf , etc have just as much to gain from this trade deal going through . 
   `` b-b-but those are international corporations !! '', 
  this is n't just us corporations . 
  eh , # 7 comes out to roughly $ 10 which is a dollar below california , but $ 3 higher than texas . 
  so as always , it depends on the state . 
  source : california native in texas . 
  please send help . 
  these people think galveston qualifies as a good beach . 
   i 'm sure that capitalism is much better , since almost everyone is well off . 
  it 's evident in europe and the us , who have low poverty rates and almost no economic inequality ... oh . 
  you know , i too long for the days when instead of the horror that is income inequality , we 're all so dirt poor that it does n't matter anyway , and we live in a constant state of fear of persecution from our unelected , nepotistic government that would likely have us killed or sent to camps for questioning the marxist ideology . 
  that sounds like progress to me . 
  like , why should some people be educated , or why should anybody create culture ? 
  that 's bourgeois . 
  i know that when i look at a country like china , the first thing that pops into my mind is `` damn , i wish i could live like that . '', 
  like what the fuck are those idiots in taiwan even thinking ? 
  why have n't they joined with the mainland ? 
  further perplexing is that the eastern bloc became democratic , capitalist societies . 
  did n't people love communism ? 
  after all , they were all equal or whatever !, 
  if i did n't know better , i 'd say that communism simply does n't work . 
  if i were so bourgeois as to consider the fact that all of the successful `` communist '' countries have only been able to become successful upon abandoning core marxist economic principles , as ridiculous as that thought is . 
  no , we must combat capitalism wherever we find it . 
  because learning from history is ... bourgeois . 
  i 'm typically anti-gun , but what do you think is going to happen if anti-gun legislation is passed ? 
  all 300 million guns in the united states are simply going to disappear ? 
  guns are only part of the problem and should be tackled accordingly . 
  hence why you do n't see countries like the czech republic , switzerland , or finland having the same issues that the united states has despite their relatively easy access to firearms . 
   that 's just non-existant logic . 
  that 's like saying supporting regime change in nazi germany is the same as supporting regime change in iraq , just because ` it 's the same tactic ' . 
  one to godwin real fast . 
  but the difference is that those are two separate entities in two different contexts with two different outcomes . 
  meanwhile one entity , ie russia , repeatedly performs the same action ad nauseum , using the same sorry excuse that you 're peddling in this thread . 
  do you understand the point ? 
  by apologizing for russian actions by validating their justifications for royally fucking over other countries , you in turn validate the use of that excuse in more than just the one situation that you 're defending . 
  as such , you are inherently defending russian actions . 
   it 's not because any sensible person could see that context clearly matters . 
   saying something is right in one situation is obviously not the same as saying it 's always right . 
  as you said , context matters . 
  and in this context we have one party repeatedly using the same excuse that you defend and repeatedly using it to do the same thing . 
  you can literally apply this `` one situation '' to many other situations and use the exact same flawed logic to justify it , provided you assume the reasoning to be valid . 
  in the same sense that the us has in the past repeatedly used `` spreading democracy '' as an excuse to pursue interests in the middle east . 
  not everything is an isolated incident , and often times defending one thing can mean defending multiple associated things provided that they follow a common pattern . 
  as such , saying that a country deserved to have land annexed because it did n't sufficiently bend to a minority group justifies multiple actions , even if you were only speaking about one instance . 
  it 's called precedent . 
  but this is clearly going nowhere real fast . 
  have a good rest of your day . 
  and remember , * you 're the aggressor * since russia is always just defending itself , obviously . 
  yea , that 's not whataboutism friendo . 
  you 're actively saying that people should have the right to self determination in defense of a nation that simultaneously denies various entities self determination . 
  it 's not me using whataboutism , it 's you being a fucking hypocrite . 
   if you did n't want part of your country annexed maybe you should have at least made concessions to the majority that wanted independence there . 
  see the problem is that when you try to say you 're just defending a single act , you 're defending them all because russia has used the same tactic over and over again to create frozen conflicts in eastern europe and the caucasus . 
  in that sense you are indeed defending russia . 
   being refused your right to self-determination is n't oppression ? 
  coming from somebody defending a country that denies self-determination to moldova , ukraine , georgia , dagestan , chechnya , and historically plenty of other groups , this is * fucking hilarious * . 
   ad hominem fallacy to hide your own limitations ? 
  lmao asking why you act like such an asshole in your comments is not an ad hominem , particularly given that you started attacking me personally first . 
  life is full of little ironies . 
   so you feel humiliated and you 're trying to use smoke screens lmfao , yep nailed it  i.e. 
  a completely unrelated statement about area c in the west bank context . 
  do n't think for one second i do n't see right through you .
