  if you 've actually listened to the tapes , the only thing relevant out of the entire scandal was that she basically told the eu to go fuck itself . 
   began assaulting * anyone * with a russian political mindset that the question came on top . 
  russia * never * wanted such relationships with the ukraine ; it * always * viewed the ukrainians as brothers and nothing else ; hahahah , this coming from somebody whose leader literally said '' [ ukraine is not a real country ] ( http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/you-have-to-understand-ge_b_4976198.html ) , '' and with a significant part of the population that considers ukrainian just a dialect of russian . 
  you do n't see them as a brother nation , you see them as russians who should be a part of the federation . 
   the ukraine is the second largest state in europe thanks solely to russia , yet here we are , listening to this constant circus about how `` odessits do n't want anything to do with russia '' while observing the burning corpses of the ` euromaidan ' butchers ' victims , and similarly across the entire state . 
  am i watching \u044f \u041e\u043a\u043a\u0443\u043f\u0430\u043d\u0442 again ? 
  love the empty rhetoric though . 
  `` ukraine should be * thanking * russia ! '', 
  jesus fucking christ it 's like the ` arguing with a russian nationalist ' polandball comic . 
   everything may seem ` the same ' to someone who does n't know anything . 
  moldova has had a gagauzian-moldovan conflict , similarly to soviet-nationalist conflict ; a conflict that was settled entirely by the vote for independence failing , and high regional autonomy given to the gagauzians . 
  basically irrelevant to whatever point you 're trying to make . 
  it 's interesting because you never actually addressed transnistria though . 
  i wonder why ? 
   similarly in georgia , ossetian-georgian conflict was in full swing until russian peacekeepers came in and established temporary peace , only to see the georgian military propped by nato ` advisers ' commence a military assault . 
  and under what is essentially russian occupation , abkhazia and ossetia have moved closer only to the russian federation , with discussion of annexation now on the table . 
  meanwhile , georgia is held hostage by the territorial dispute and unable to move closer to nato and the eu as it would like to . 
  i 'm sure that 's just a coincidence though  basically in both cases certain segments of society went their own way disregarding the sentiments of those who openly hate them . 
  and russia held onto them . 
  so you say they `` seem '' the same , and they still do . 
  russia latches onto territory and prevents the countries from moving away from the russian sphere of influence . 
   if those currently occupying kiev continue to engage , they 'll suffer much bigger losses than what 's been seen so far . 
  kiev should just roll over and let russia have its way with them again . 
  that 's the logical thing to do , yep . 
   they 're gambling rather carelessly with ` their ' territory , it legally is their territory . 
  it 's as much russian territory as karelia is finnish territory . 
   non the less , somehow i doubt that 'd keep them from crying bloody murder once they 're forced out of the entirety of the novorossian region , along with their feverish anti-russian policies shoved down the population 's collective throat . 
  great insight into the russian mindset . 
   it seems to be the preferred behavioral model for them to step on a rake , and blame the rake for getting hit right on the forehead . 
  yep , ukraine * made * russia invade and occupy their land . 
  those dastardly `` urkos ! '', 
  out of curiosity , how do you justify to yourself the fact that your country currently is doing the same thing in moldova and georgia ? 
  these countries are basically being held hostage by the fact that they have these territorial issues . 
  a friend of mine is half panamanian , half hungarian . 
  his father raised him speaking hungarian , and he was born in budapest before moving to the united states . 
  he was planning to study in budapest , however the attitude towards migrants coupled with his darker complexion has made him reconsider whether or not it would be a good idea for him to go to his country of birth . 
  while many here would say that `` as long as he * integrates himself * into society , he should be fine . '', 
  however he said he simply would feel targeted on the streets and mistaken for a refugee . 
  in addition the political atmosphere in hungary leaves a lot to be desired . 
  it 's a shame because here we have a college educated westerner and great person who actually wants to live in hungary but feels that he ca n't do to the current events in the area . 
  it 's entirely possible he is overreacting , and i know that it is not a case of migrating between eu states like the op asked for , but this is his perspective . 
  if anybody wants to add their opinion that 'd be great . 
   russia has no want or reason to nibble at more territory . 
  since the collapse of the soviet union russia has not stopped nibbling . 
  from moldova to georgia to ukraine , their modus operandi is to create these frozen conflicts by holding land , and therefore the nations as a whole , hostage . 
  you can see this in action in moldova , as even if the moldovans wanted to get closer to the west ( frankly i 'm not sure about moldovan opinions , so please nitpick ) the west would never take them since they have a significant amount of territory disputed with russia . 
  georgia is the same way - georgia 's entry into nato is essentially a pipe dream because of the frozen conflict that has a significant amount of their territory totally not occupied by russia . 
   all they want is to have a buffer zone between them and nato military infrastructure . 
  the last time the russians got their buffer zone , half of europe was put behind the iron curtain . 
   what do they have to gain from nibbling at more territory ? 
  at best , they get a donbass type situation . 
  at worst , they get an insurgency from hell that drains their limited and dwindling resources were they to invade a place that did n't have popular support like regions with large russia supporters . 
  read above . 
  russia is able to keep its sphere of influence intact by preventing countries like ukraine from becoming closer to the eu and nato . 
  you said it yourself , russia wants buffer zones . 
  and preventing nato and/or the eu from incorporating ukraine allows them to retain their buffer zone . 
  this is the stupidest fucking article i 've read in weeks . 
  good job , huffington post . 
  well obviously you deserved it for some reason !, 
  he was being sarcastic . 
   nabil othman , the unhcr regional representative to the gulf region he 's the unhcr representative to the gulf region , not the saudi representative to the unhcr . 
  the amnesty article you linked does not make note of how many refugees are in the country , rather describes the lack of resettlement going on basically everywhere . 
  if we were to say that saudi arabia has no refugees because they have offered no resettlements , we can also say that germany has only taken in 30,000 refugees because that 's how many resettlements they 've offered , and this whole refugee crisis is a hoax . 
  but then again , your article is from 2014 which does n't really help anybody , now does it ? 
   nabil othman the ironic thing is that you sit here without any sources of your own and talk about lack of evidence, 
  how about the unhcr ? 
  saudi has upwards of 500,000 refugees . 
  down voting me and and shitting on the saudi government is not going to change that . 
   [ with saudi arabia 's non-signatory status , the syrians residing in saudi arabia are classified as `` arab brothers and sisters in distress '' instead of refugees covered by un treaties . 
  according to nabil othman , the unhcr regional representative to the gulf region , there were 500,000 syrian refugees in saudi arabia at the time of his statement . 
  the government itself of saudi arabia has stated that it has , over the past five years since the start of the conflict hosted 2.5 million refugees . 
  ] ( http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/europes-crisis-refugees_b_8175924.html ), 
  is that reflected in migrant groups in the past ? 
  i did n't spend as much time in europe as i 'd have liked to when i last went , but some of the arrondissements in paris seemed more conservative than jakarta , indonesia , and i 've heard that often times moroccans for example in western europe are often more hardline than their counterparts in cities like marrakech . 
  genuinely asking . 
   i wonder if the same number of hellfire ** drone ** missiles used by the us were fired in the us , just how quickly people will change what they think about drones . 
  remember guys , drones are the bad guys . 
  we should obviously just fire all of our hellfire missiles from the countless other platforms we have which do the same thing . 
  because it 's different . 
  buzzword . 
  are you opposed to bombing from aircraft as well ? 
   lel albania lecturing me on countries funny how fast it gets balkan-y in here . 
   um , they are democratic countries , so should resepect each other as equals not for someone to be ` answering ' to the other . 
  yea this is a nice sentiment , but how many people outside of serbia do you think see serbian authority on the same level the see american or western european authority ? 
  somebody ought to tell / r/worldnews that , particularly in regards to iran, 
  i 'm sorry , was that english or am i having a stroke ? 
  because i have n't the slightest clue what any of the above is supposed to mean . 
  it 's not a ` but what about , ' it 's a direct response to something you claimed did n't exist , stating the exact opposite . 
  which is true . 
  if ever an article is posted about civilians dying due to us actions it 's immediately on the front page of / r/worldnews , with 2,000 outraged comments . 
  and that 's fine . 
  but do n't try to say that nobody cares when the us does it because if anything , the opposite is true . 
  former yugoslav republic of macedonia . 
  greece was n't happy with what they saw as a bulgarian state trying to take the name of a historically greek ` province . ', 
  a strong , stable europe is in the best interests of the united states . 
  europe takes advantage of that by allowing the us to do the heavy lifting in regards to military while european militaries become essentially mothballed . 
  obviously this money benefits the european citizen but it gets old . 
  it 's funny how much shit you throw about nationality yet do n't follow through . 
  similarly , i never quite appreciated barbecue the same way i do now in texas . 
  everything is the us ' fault .
