  but do n't underestimate the effect on a long lasting war that 2 * million * brand new , well supplied reinforcements can have on every aspect of said war . 
   lol yes brush over the fact that you were late to the party like it 's no big deal . 
  tell me how exactly it is a big deal ? 
  we were n't ever under any obligation to join either party to begin with , and we were never even part of the entente after joining the war . 
  god knows europeans did n't listen to wilson in the aftermath because of that fact , and that certainly worked out well . 
   but if you look at combat casualties suffered by each country ( a better metric for how heavily involved you were , especially since it also accounts for how long they were involved ) : india , canada , bulgaria , australia , romania and serbia all suffered greater losses than the us ... 
  so casualties are how you measure importance of involvement ? 
  no yea definitely , bulgaria and romania were more important than the united states in finishing the war . 
  i 'm shocked that i 've never heard that before , my textbooks must have missed it . 
  just because you get steamrolled does n't mean you were more important . 
   i 'm not saying that americans should n't be included . 
  obviously they should be ; it would massively harm sales otherwise . 
  but do n't pretend that they were a major player , because it 's historically inaccurate . 
  you 're severely kidding yourself here . 
  the arrival of american troops was so looked forward to by the french fighting during the time of the neville offensive that their delay in arrival was one of the contributing factors to the wide scale mutinies that the french army subsequently faced . 
  2 million fresh , eager troops ready to replace the millions who had been fighting since mid 1914 is a * massive * deal in the outcome of a war . 
  even regarding morale alone in the western front that 's incredibly important , let alone the fact that french and british troops could be taken off the front lines while fresh , well supplied american troops fought . 
  the united states joined late - nobody 's denying that . 
  i do n't even think they were the crucial piece in winning the war . 
  but to deny the significance of their year of involvement is just plain ridiculous . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by a globalist agenda . 
  are you under the impression that , were the union dissolved , your country could just opt out of globalism ? 
  it wo n't stop , but individually european countries will be weaker in facing it , in my opinion . 
   look i 'd never play cod either way , but this the default german experience . 
  i think germans would be more offended if they were forced to play as the ss . 
   a game is a game . 
  those are n't american soldiers in there . 
  those are 1s and 0s . 
  i understand that . 
  me and you , however , are n't everybody . 
   if you personify those 1s and 0s , we have bigger problems on our hands than their nationality , as it would mean we 're actually shooting people when playing games . 
  many people see the recreation of certain acts in media as validating those ideas . 
  i do n't , and i figure anybody playing gta also does n't , but that 's the reason `` no russian '' was made optional and given an explicit warning before it began in mw2 . 
  and even then , it was incredibly controversial . 
  and even if they are just 1s and 0s , it 's not too crazy that even gamers would be uncomfortable with what they 're doing onscreen . 
  imagine if in a russian part of a world war two game you had to protect your comrades as they raped german women in eastern germany . 
  this happened , it 's realistic , but people will be uncomfortable and can understandably protest this inclusion . 
   also it 's not that the people did n't want to play as taliban . 
  no-one was forcing them to . 
  they sought ( and succeeded in ) removing that option from the game completely . 
  i 'm actually wrong here - i had remembered the outrage being in regard to the campaign offering taliban missions . 
  i played the game but honestly it was so unremarkable that i did n't remember anything about it . 
  it 's absurd that the multiplayer aspect was criticized , due to fact that other games have done the same thing . 
  i thought i remembered that part of the game but apparently i was mistaken . 
   the game was tailored to their outrage . 
  this game is being tailored to their ( perceived ) interest . 
  i do n't completely see what you 're disagreeing with : the production 's assessment of the market ? 
  at heart i 'm more disagreeing with the original notion that americans need americans to be the hero in the game , when in reality i think americans just want a good game . 
  and it 's not like americans need to be the hero themselves in a game - grand theft auto has sold so well in the united states that i do n't think you can honestly say that . 
  as a fan of the series since bf2 , i 'm aware of that tragedy . 
  i blame ea in entirety for the absolutely awful launches of bf3 and 4 given their hardon for strict deadlines that cause developers to release unfinished games . 
  with that said , i 'm not so sure that ea exercises such direct oversight regarding the content in the games . 
  i think they just want games on schedule , hence why we have n't seen a battlefield bad company 3 . 
  as long as ea gets it 's game . 
  if they really wanted to milk every dollar/pound/euro out of the franchise they 'd have forced dice to tap into the massive demand for a new bc game . 
  ea is shit but it seems like developers have some autonomy . 
  given the focus on diversity in the first world war i 'm thinking this was a dice decision . 
   yes i understand your point why to make a ww2 game about americans/brits , but at the same time i personally think a ww2 shooter about a german soldier would be much more interesting gameplay wise ( the whole blitzkrieg thing ) . 
  you could even make a nice story about it , how you got into the war/military , how your opinion changed from `` deutschland siegt auf allen fronten '' to losing a friend in battle and just wanting to get home alive . 
  how you get drawn into doing horrible things to civilians . 
  i do n't think many people would share your opinion . 
  because just because the wehrmacht was n't the ss that does n't mean they were n't drawn into horrible things , and i doubt many people would want to massacre their way through the slavic world before watching the russian climate , rasputitsa , and various soviet elements take out hundreds of your brothers in arms and armored support before retreating to berlin to find your wife dead and raped by half of the red army . 
  it might make a good book , but not something i imagine a lot of people want to play . 
  the beginning of the game might be fun , but the player knows what he 's doing and i do n't see that sitting well with a lot of people . 
  especially if you wanted it to be realistic . 
   and really , have played as an american in so many games now , it would simply be refreshing to see something different . 
  i 'd be fine with more variety . 
  but as it happens a lot of the developers are american and that makes a lot of sense from a development standpoint . 
  with that said , i 'd love to play something from more perspectives . 
  edit : see my other response . 
   they do n't portray the conflict in a good light but i do n't know any that does n't portray america in a good light . 
  really ? 
  how do you want a war film that is obviously not going to be depicting anything other than the conflict that the story is centered upon to depict america ? 
  just shoehorn in `` also , fuck america ! '' ? 
  or the actions of the soldiers ? 
  because if so , again , none of those films portray the soldiers in good lights either , except the protagonist who is used to show us the horrible things that the other soldiers do and the awful things the military orders . 
  `` i ai n't never seen brains like these before . '', 
  fmj ? 
  `` if they run , they 're vc . 
  if they stand still , they 're well disciplined vc . '', 
  apocalypse now ? 
  shooting women from a helicopter . 
  if you 've seen these films you 'll understand that they are in no way pro-america , nor pro-vietnam , yet were wildly successful and critically acclaimed . 
  [ meanwhile , in enlightened and definitely not hyper-reactionary-to-criticism europe ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lacombe,_lucien ) . 
  the us sent 2 million to france . 
  it 's certainly not the same contribution that the powers that actually had a reason to fight made , but i 'd say that amounts to main combatant level , particularly given the fact that the french were mutinying at that point in the war . 
  the addition of millions of new troops was very significant even if their arrival was very late . 
  ea caused euromaidan confirmed . 
  thanks 13r !, 
   it 's often hard to see what others see from the inside mate . 
  i get where you are coming from that it 's not american 's making this decision ( unless ea have a hand in it ) but it 's america 's attitude that can sway a non american company to think this way . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  we are n't going around looking at dice 's video games thinking `` america or riot ! '', 
  if dice made a good game that was n't centered around americans , americans would still buy it . 
  because it 's a good game . 
  assassin 's creed had one american character and that was possibly one of the most disliked assassin 's creed games . 
  and nobody really gave too much of a shit about the main overarching story compared to the memory characters . 
  there are 200 million more eu citizens than americans , i have a hard time believing that americans dominate the market so hard that european developers are simply saying fuck off to europe . 
   look at war movies and games in the last 20 years and most of them all have america fuck yea in them . 
  let 's think for a moment about war games and the us .
