  nah , nah , nestl\u00e9 , bayer , dutch shell and bp have repeatedly demonstrated that they have the people 's best interests at heart , it 's inconceivable that they would want to have the same access to an unregulated market in europe that they do in the rest of the world . 
  that would likely mean a larger profit in the region , and * why would they want that ? 
  * no no , europeans have made fun of america for years , so their companies surely would n't support a trade deal . 
   this deal was not to be , not as long as americas politicians belong to american corporations . 
  might aswell slap a wal-mart sticker on hillary , stop the pretense that the people have any say in what goes on . 
  remember , / r/europe , america 's politicians ? 
  evil , greedy , and all elected with the explicit purpose of stealing candy from european children and then forcing trade deals on their countries , because apparently those countries ca n't make decisions on their own ? 
  europe 's politicians , on the other hand , have pure hearts and repeatedly demonstrate their dedication to listening to their constituents . 
  `` american corporations '' is simply another buzzword that people get riled up over despite the fact that some of the companies with the shadiest business practices come out of europe . 
  and your politicians are negotiating for them , just like ours are . 
  do n't doubt it at all , it was quite the town . 
  staying here tonight and it 's beautiful , if a little touristy, 
  i love how much salt is always in the comments on these posts . 
  didnt you know that angela merkel is the iron fisted dictator of the european union ? 
  anybody know what happened to the driver ? 
  regardless , my heart goes out to sweden, 
  being american i thought it was really interesting that the whole time he kept bringing up the same talking points that you hear from american trump supporters . 
  he literally called sweden the shithole of europe . 
  older gentleman too . 
  between nantes and angers i think i 've met just a single person who supports le pen , and he was an irish citizen anyway . 
  i really have n't seen much support around here , whereas i 've seen flyers and advertisements supporting fillon , poutou , and macron fairly frequently lately . 
  i have to assume the support is either not high in this department ( i spend most of my time in the maine et loire ) or it 's just hidden entirely . 
  this is a hilariously stupid analysis, 
  apparently i telegraph pretty hard that i 'm not portuguese then . 
  incidentally i did find some pretty good hash there though , and in general loved portugal . 
  yea hordes is n't even an exaggeration . 
  go by pra\u00e7a lu\u00eds de cam\u00f5es and 5-6 guys will approach you all at once saying `` hashish ? 
  coke ? 
  good shit . '', 
  that is stunning, 
  i 'd love to hear your qualifications if you 're throwing them around so freely . 
  huh , saw this in lisbon this afternoon but unfortunately there were only a handful of people there . 
  this comment is fucking hilarious, 
  you asked why would anybody tell me that . 
  as it happens we converse about various topics here , and given the size of the irish american population you think that would have come up at least once if it 's apparently so common . 
  also , i looked through about a dozen articles in the irish times and i did n't see anything other than irish people leaving surprisingly civil comments for news site commenters . 
  but if i see any americans telling irish people that they are n't really irish i 'll gladly eat my hat . 
  we have conversations in the united states ? 
  the likelihood of this ridiculous scenario coming up between fellow americans is just as high as otherwise . 
  ie , not likely at all . 
  but yea , whatever , every irish american is just out looking to confront irish people at any given time . 
  well i live in france now but what i meant is that i 've never heard anybody mention something about being the `` true irish '' or whatever he 's talking about even when talking about the `` muh irish heritage '' types . 
  it 's definitely not a common sentiment . 
  yea , you say that but it 's not so simple . 
  a significant amount of the people i graduated with went to small colleges in the great lakes region , the midwest , and in other rural areas in nevada , oregon , and the southern eastern seaboard , and while yes , there are plenty of small colleges that are liberal , such as amherst , there are a large number that have a far more conservative student body . 
  that was the consensus i got when talking to them . 
  you just are n't as likely to hear about the 500 student university in bumfuck nowhere illinois . 
  also , thats not to say it will only be conservatives . 
  that 's never the case , hence why i said the rural universities will see more conservatives enrolled in comparison to universities in the cities . 
  that 's a disingenuously black and white picture . 
  many , if not a majority of renowned universities in the united states are also very left wing . 
  you 're right , pardon me . 
  typically the universities in rural areas attract more conservative students on average compared to universities in the cities . 
  furthermore i would n't say that most universities are in rural areas either . 
  there are small rural universities , sure , and there are universities that basically take up half of the city , eg fort collins , college station , tempe , etc. 
  but i would n't say that college in the us is particularly rural . 
  it 's just that europe is extremely city oriented and the university system here is very different in general . 
  the culture war statement is quite off the mark . 
  is there social conflict in the us ? 
  sure . 
  there 's social conflict in europe too . 
  some ( many ) people see europe as falling apart . 
  neither are true statements , so i would have to place emphasis on the `` ignorant opinion '' aspect of your comment . 
  if you view the world through the lens of reddit you 'll tend to have some warped perspectives . 
  i 've literally never heard anybody say anything along those lines having lived in the united states my entire life . 
  i 'm not saying somebody did n't say that to you , but i am pretty certain that it is n't a common sentiment even around the `` kiss me i 'm 1/64th irish '' crowd, 
  since i 've been in france i ca n't really recall any french beers that have caught my attention . 
  really i ca n't even remember having any french beer in general, 
  unavailable in france too , which is strange, 
  yea , i 'm aware . 
  most people i 've met here seem to be pretty opposed to le pen but then again her party is the fastest growing . 
  regardless i 'm more confident in macron after his alliance with bayrou . 
  god i hate that my country is represented by that . 
  staying in france sounds better and better . 
  well it used to be a requirement but the dress requirements are still relatively strict, 
   tillerson is not sane ? 
  mnuchin ? 
  ross ? 
  cmon ... 
  sane individually ? 
  sure , i assume . 
  in the context of the position they 're filling ? 
  unfiltered , usda uncertified , swamp-grade stupidity . 
  like devos . 
   you may disagree with them on certain issues but this extreme trumphobia we see is irrational . 
   trumphobia welp now i 've seen every stupid `` phobia '' the internet can throw at me . 
  this is somehow more sad than `` russophobia . '', 
   even for him personally the us system has made sure to keep him in check with its genius system of checks and balances . 
  and only a month in he 's already trying to shut down those checks and balances . 
  his solution to the 9th circuit court checking his torrent of executive orders ? 
  split up the 9th circuit court . 
  with the republican majority in congress these checks and balances can only do so much . 
  i 'm aware . 
  i think celebrating the one sane individual in the cabinet is n't too outrageous . 
  and responded with sanctions . 
  which the current president seems to want to lift . 
  thank god for mattis . 
  in case anybody was wondering , this is n't satire, 
  because they wanted cyprus as a whole to be part of greece . 
  the turks did n't .
