  the reason that turkic peoples look asian is , incidentally , because they came from asia . 
  the reason that turk * ish * people do n't necessarily look asian is because of the fact the majority of turks are genetically greek and anatolian , they just happen to have adopted the turkish culture , language , and traditions over nearly a thousand years of rule by turkic peoples . 
  edit : my comment was stupid and i was thinking incorrectly . 
   clearly you dont really know what you are talking about like a lot of people on this sub . 
  im probably going to unsubscribe and find somewhere that isnt full of ignorant and hysterical agenda bots . 
  you all live in another world full of ignorance and fear ; devoid of empathy calling for detention centres and treating humans like cockroaches . 
  yea , where 's the war ? 
  terrorism is not war . 
  syria is in a state of war . 
  pakistan is not . 
  if we were to take everybody from every country that is n't safe by western standards we 'd have literally the entire world . 
  sorry , but pakistan is considered a safe country and as such it 's legal by any definition to send back the people who make their way to europe . 
  your biggest threat in most pakistani cities is a heroin overdose , not terrorism . 
  i empathize with where you 're coming from but there are countries from which we should n't be taking everybody and pakistan is one of them . 
  there are far more people from syria who could actually use the help . 
  afghanistan will always have insurgency and tribalism in its rural areas , iraq 's conflict has largely been pushed to the northwest , pakistan is shit but was never a war zone to begin with , hence why these countries are designated safe to return asylum seekers to . 
  i know where you 're coming from but i think these countries are just as safe as many others that we also wo n't and should n't accept large amounts of asylum seekers from . 
  tatars are a turkic people regardless , hardly matters in this context, 
  yea why even detonate it ? 
  e : / s if it was n't clear . 
  thanks , that 's all we asked for . 
  i do n't think the syrians themselves have caused many issues . 
  these people are genuinely trying to escape a war zone . 
  it 's been afghanis , pakistanis , iraqis and maghrebis in every terror attack , none of which are countries that warrant so many refugees . 
   if you ca n't see how the front national especially has been tempered by mainstream success then i can only conclude you 're simply uninformed on the matter . 
  this does n't answer the question . 
   for reference , the deleted comment is me calling romanians ( specifically op ) insecure for taking a post , which uses a century old propaganda map as a joke , seriously , and `` correcting '' it ( i.e. 
  killing the joke ) . 
  you 're the only one who 's upset about this . 
  i appreciated the post giving actual numbers . 
  nobody was doubting the original post being a joke but being able to see the real numbers was refreshing . 
   everybody the post is directed at will know the context , making it accurate does n't make it funnier or more informative . 
  in what way does improving accuracy not make something more informative . 
   do you have anything insightful to add , ironic given your original comment boiled down to `` butthurt romanians '', 
  are you going to delete this comment like you deleted the last one ? 
  he achieved accuracy ? 
   this is exactly why trump won, 
  aiming to train , supply , and protect our allies . 
  does n't it make more sense to give this money to the unemployed for example ? 
  something something this is exactly how trump won, 
   this 17 organization claim has largely been exaggerated . 
  there is one body overseeing several organizations , that does not mean there are 17 separate entities that confirmed that hack . 
  you act as though that negates the scope of what these organizations are saying . 
  it does n't . 
  the fact that the intelligence community is so unanimous about russia trying to undermine and influence our election is stunning . 
   the most you can claim is they released dirt on hillary to wikileaks . 
  in this respect , if this dirt is so damning , why would n't you want this information in the public space ? 
  first of all it was hardly damning in any way . 
  what was more damning was the fact that she was under investigation , which is more important to people than whether or not she 's actually guilty of anything . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  how can you support a foreign power hacking into us politics like this ? 
  russia even trying to influence our election should be cause for concern across the aisle and yet trump defends them ? 
  given the manafort scandal and his exxon pick how can you not see that this is far too much russian involvement ? 
   wikileaks may have not leaked much on russia , they may very well be working with russia . 
  gee , the website whose figurehead had a show on russian state television working with russia ? 
  surely you jest . 
   but the statement that the election was somehow hacked by russians is nonsense . 
  they do n't mean hacking the voting machines . 
  they mean that russian hackers deliberately targeted a side in the election for their own benefit . 
  if they did n't like a trump decision and released information that could get him impeached for example , i 'm positive the_donald would be calling for heads . 
  foreign involvement in our electoral process is bad for everybody . 
   likewise the fbi and cia are in disagreement with regards to the intent of russia . 
  but they still both point to russia as the antagonist here . 
  that they do n't agree on a common motive is not a refutation of russian involvement . 
   so even if russia hacked , the most they have done is give people a look inside the crooked hillary administration . 
  you still do n't get it . 
  if they put out information about trump then it might be better because at least they would n't be taking a side , but this is america 's enemy we 're talking about . 
  there is no way in which this is not malicious behavior on their part . 
  you just do n't care because you think it benefits you . 
   i do n't see you complaining about trump being exposed for some lewd comments he made or that he groped women . 
  because this did n't come from a foreign nation ? 
  the women who claimed the sexual assault charges brought these allegations up themselves . 
  it was n't boris from yekaterinburg . 
   stop being naive by buying into this russian conspiracy and actually look at real , verifiable information . 
  what , like the information that the entire united states intelligence community points to russia directly trying to change the outcome of an american election ? 
  if you do n't see the problem with this then you 're the na\u00efve one . 
  and this does n't even touch on russian tactics regarding disinformation campaigns to target politicians ( hillary 's health ? ), 
  and undermine confidence in the american democratic system ( it 's rigged ! ), 
   `` to counteract the radicalization we must go back to the situation such as the one in the middle east of which not the least the palestinians see that there is no future : we must either accept a desperate situation or resort to violence , '' margot wallstr\u00f6m told swedish television network svt2t ( link in swedish ) a short while after the november 13 attacks , which were claimed by the islamic state terrorist organization . 
  http://www.timesofisrael.com/paris-attacks-rooted-in-palestinian-plight-sweden-fm-says/ this implies that the reason for the terrorist attack is caused by israel 's conflict with palestine . 
  what a ridiculous line of reasoning . 
  because you do n't like israel , and because she made an idiotic comment that israel obviously would n't like , that makes her ridiculous comment right ? 
  jesus christ this sub, 
  like blaming israel for the paris attacks ? 
  if that 's `` right '' i do n't know what to say . 
  they ( 17 security organizations , all branches of military ) are currently all in agreement that russia influenced the us election via hacking . 
  the only person opposing a bipartisan investigation led by fucking * mitch mcconnell * is donald trump . 
  wikileaks would n't dare report negatively about russia so i do n't know why we should take wikileaks seriously when it comes to criticism of russia . 
  i prefer the russians not meddling in our elections . 
  what a thought !, 
  a foreign country influencing elections is a bad thing no matter how you spin it . 
  i 've had only good experiences in java though . 
  jakarta is a pretty crazy city . 
  cheers, 
  very untrue . 
  the majority of the turkish khaganates converted voluntarily after having conquered arab and persian lands , or having been allied with muslim powers of the times . 
  this is hilariously wrong . 
  more along the lines of a frenchman in russia . 
  because their religion is roughly the only major thing that they have in common . 
  turkish and arab cultures are quite different , and while i do n't think that will make a huge difference in how the refugees will be resettled in turkey , i think it 's still pretty ridiculous to talk about how they 'll be so much better in turkey because of some supposed inherent synonymity in values and culture .
