  well , considering that every piece of evidence points towards a russian-made and likely russian operated surface-to-air missile , with the best case being that it was only operated by pro-russian rebels ( unlikely given the complexity of the system , unless russia has been training rebels ? ), 
  i , and everybody else who actually looks at empirical evidence , would probably go with the missile instead of the fighter jet , given that the fighter jet has no decent evidence towards it . 
  there is literally nothing that suggests a fighter jet . 
  pro-russians will , of course , believe anything that removes blame from their party despite the simple impossibility of the claim . 
   i 've seen evidence of the former but i 'm a layman and try to analyze the evidence with logic by trying to find agendas . 
  it 's ironic that you 'd say that . 
  the fact that you defend russian interests as you do in ukraine is telling enough that the notion that you are trying to analyze evidence with logic with the intent to expose an agenda is categorically false , because you are actively defending an agenda and i can only assume doing everything you can to throw logic under the bus in the process . 
  for example , you imply with the statement that the cia should have been able to prove that russian assets were operating in ukraine that the west has n't been able to prove that russians have been operating in ukraine , while when nato was claiming that russian soldiers were operating in crimea pro-russians espoused the narrative that nato had no proof that russians were operating in ukraine . 
  the pro-russian demographic said it , the kremlin said it , vladimir putin said it himself . 
  months later , vladimir putin claimed that russian forces had operated in crimea during the takeover . 
  if you were looking for an agenda , you would have seen that putin is doing literally the exact same thing he did with crimea , in establishing plausible deniability knowing wholeheartedly that pro-russians would defend this deniability , as you 've done in this thread . 
   russia arranged the cia coupe in ukraine ? 
  okay , first of all , coup . 
  we are n't talking about cars . 
  second of all , what the fuck are you talking about . 
  aside from possibly monetary aid , in what possible way was the euromaidan a cia coup d'\u00e9tat ? 
  this is constantly espoused by pro-russians on reddit , but there 's no actual basis for this belief . 
  i assume it has to do with something bad for russian interests = automatically cia . 
  because ukrainians are clearly incapable of doing things on their own , and need american help to get rid of the leader they did n't want . 
   what the hell , there are european states worse than the us ? 
  just goes to exemplify the level of blind arrogance around here . 
  wow , honestly you should get an award for how many incorrect statements you managed to fit inside a post that short . 
  very rarely . 
  the climate is often referred to as mediterranean but even in italy i stayed in the mountains the whole time so i ca n't speak to the accuracy of that . 
  typically weather is around 22 * c with a standard variation of 5 * . 
  if i had to guess humidity i 'd say it hovers around 20 % but that 's just a guess . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  it 's moderately expensive . 
  in my experience european capitals definitely pricier , but then again that 's european capitals . 
  you can find some nice places for reasonable pricing as you get away from the beach . 
  my only real problem with it is the lack of public transport infrastructure . 
  the bus systems are typical for the west coast and the trains we have do n't offer much incentive to take them . 
  if you take a look at muslim attitudes towards homosexuality across the globe , you 'll find that in almost every muslim country they are n't exactly fond of homosexuality . 
  and this is just one of their hated minorities , as jews for example are increasingly being targeted by european muslims as well . 
  these are the same people that are moving to european cities en masse . 
  will europeans face the fact that their tolerance of intolerance will have long lasting effects on european societies ? 
  i assume the difference is that instead of those countries operating the f-35 inside the united states while it 's being worked on and having tactics developed for it , this one left the united states and is controlled by italy , in italy , where as the others have so far remained in the united states . 
   for me same as / u/spacemastertom but with good internet quality and preferably a place where i 'm not likely to die due to gun-related violence . 
  so basically . . san diego still welcomes you . 
  what a pretentious and pointless comment . 
  well , i guess every nation needs * something * to be proud of . 
  san diego welcomes you, 
  i maintain that french guiana has plenty of space . 
  are you fucking kidding the russians pull all the shit in ukraine that they did and you try to make it a matter of europeans getting over themselves ? 
  that 's just insulting . 
  russia fucks up a european country and then tries to kiss ass to make everybody forget , though i 've seen your comments in other threads and looking at your comment history almost every one has a pro-russian slant so it probably does n't matter much to you anyway . 
  which is why russification was a policy in the ussr, 
  as long as russia continues to try to play its hand at becoming more powerful than the west it will always be hostile to the west , and vice versa . 
  as unfortunate as it is , it 's simply na\u00efve to think otherwise . 
  but for some reason everybody seems to have forgotten about ukraine already , so putin is back to being reddit 's strongman to worship . 
  also , great argument about my points , that was really eloquent . 
  again , syria is a relatively sovereign state that is free to do what it deems necessary . 
  last year they even shot down a turkish f-4 . 
  given that turkey allows the u.s. to base aircraft in its borders , and that turkey and the united states are good allies , yea i suspect that an airspace violation turned violent , however impossible that would be probably would n't gather the same reaction . 
  what the significance is though is beyond me . 
  and just so , syria is welcome to shoot those planes down , since violating airspace is generally a no-no . 
  i suppose there 's a reason though that no us aircraft have really been fired upon . 
   they are currently executing their `` precision '' drone strikes under that very premisse . 
  where 's that , the countries which specifically ask for and approve drone strikes from the u.s. like pakistan and yemen before they collapsed ? 
  yea it 's easy to get that confused when [ pakistan simultaneously supports and criticizes drone strikes . 
  ] ( http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2013/10/24/new-documents-showpakistanascomplicityinusdroneprogram.html )  just that the people there have no way of defending themselves . 
  well , members of terrorist organizations might have some protection if their governments were n't integral in the drone strikes to begin with . 
   by the way this is not me attacking you , this is me informing you or pointing something out . 
  i would never squarely equate my frustration with the us governments actions with the us people themselves , at least not just like that and with broad generalisation . 
  likewise , and i appreciate it . 
  have a good one . 
  actually , that 's incorrect . 
  airspace violations warrant reactions from the violated country . 
  even more so when the plane is coming from an enemy . 
  imagine a japanese plane violating chinese airspace , i doubt it would get away unscathed or at least without having been fired upon . 
  i would be maybe slightly angry but more so confused as to why the plane was illegally flying in turkey 's airspace , because doing so is asking for trouble . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
   georgia has never controlled this territory . 
  centuries ago , sure , they controlled it i just want to leave this here . 
   but not in the modern period . 
  i guess that 's what happens when imperialist powers annex your country and hold it for long periods of time . 
   a century ago georgia was a part of russia too , maybe georgia is russian territory ? 
  this mindset is not exactly uncommon , especially in regards to belarus and ukraine , and to a smaller but still significant extent kazakhstan and the surrounding countries . 
   and yes , how dare they try to annex south ossetia and abkhazia ? 
  the south ossetins and abkhazins despise the georgians for what the racist ultra-nationalist government in tbilisi did to them in the 90s , nobody invited saakashvili here . 
  no mention of ethnic cleansing of the regions , naturally . 
   russians are straightforward with what they want who are you fucking kidding ? 
   there are no russian soldiers in crimea , you can buy those uniforms anywhere , they were just lost on vacation . 
  russia 's entire game is being the opposite of straightforward so that they have plausible deniability for their actions . 
  you 've been swallowing a lot of propaganda if you honestly believe that there 's anything straightforward about russian actions . 
  mistakes as in giving slack to geopolitically important states because their overall importance to nato is greater than the annoyance that is their elected leader ? 
  yea , nato sure did fuck that one up !, 
  why ? 
  because they literally do not control the territory , an aggressor does ? 
  an aggressor that is responsible for the territory it captured ? 
  donbass is literally part of ukraine . 
  i 'm not even going to validate the idea that ukraine invaded donbass . 
  just because a bunch of russian sponsored rebels popped up there does not make it an invasion , rather the opposite actually . 
   glorious ukrainian liberators are gloriously fighting to liberate the land from the very people , who live on it , by blowing their own property up . 
  did n't russia win multiple conflicts this way ? 
  just destroying everything so that the countries invading them could n't use their resources against them ? 
  and then actually called those conflicts `` great patriotic wars ? '', 
  your comment is a little ironic given russia 's history of using scorched earth tactics . 
  naturally none of this is the invading party 's fault . 
  it would be russophobic to even consider it !,
