  but given that even lord byron described taking the marbles as looting , it seems weird that britain would still keep greece 's history in the 21st century . 
  so you ca n't explain the difference in stealing the art and items of historical significance between nazi germany / `` art collectors '' and the british is what you 're saying nobody 's calling the british nazis except you . 
  you ca n't , however , apparently differentiate between art collectors buying from nazis and brits buying from the ottomans . 
  edited for clarity . 
  why did n't you explain the difference if it 's so clear ? 
   why is so much food produced instead in the californian desert with poor taste due to poor desert soil ? 
  first of all , this is a misunderstanding of california geography . 
  the desert areas of california are located in the southeast of the state where there is n't all too much agriculture . 
  what you 're likely thinking of is the la/san diego chaparral environment which is essentially mediterranean ; for example san diego and spain often have similar climates . 
  northern california , however , is much greener , with much more rainfall and with a more forested landscape . 
  the san joaquin and sacramento valleys are where the vast majority of california 's agriculture is produced and the soil is by no means desert-like . 
  it 's the most productive agricultural region in the united states and if the food coming out of the region has a poor taste it 's not because of the climate or soil . 
  but i would disagree that food in california has a poor taste anyway . 
  with that said , i think you also overestimate how far the reach of california produce is . 
  the mississippi is the river area has the largest agricultural output in the us . 
  san francisco sourdough is fucking delicious, 
  what a beautiful shitpost, 
  to be honest i do n't see many large implications of this aside from paris potentially getting a new nice looking building and russians having a place to worship . 
  if putin wants to flex russia 's dick via architecture that would be welcome to me if it looks nice . 
  anybody else have any disagreements ? 
   i just want to live in peace which is almost impossible for secular people in turkey . 
  i 'm not a turk but i know that in istanbul and izmir at least this is entirely possible . 
   when a civil war happens , i would gladly join the sides of seculars but with democracy , this middleeastern country is not progressing . 
  well it 's good to see that the fetish for civil wars is n't unique to american teenagers . 
  if you leave , things will only get worse . 
  the individual matters . 
  [ i do n't see the problem ] ( http://youtu.be/le_ungdpa4c ), 
   * : pets your head : * such a cute , cold-hearted wannabe constantly portraying himself as intellectual . 
   not sure if / r/cringe or / r/iamverysmart, 
  despite all of the self proclaimed progressiveness of europeans in this subreddit , even this thread has a lot of people claiming that homosexuality is a disease or something similar . 
  or at least that was the case when i originally posted . 
  it 's just interesting to see . 
  please , do explain how a law making criticizing a leader illegal could possibly be spun as a good thing . 
  this comment section has been eye opening . 
  the word is and basic concept is , however the american style of doing it is very different than how the native caribbean and south americans did it . 
  that does n't even touch on the flavor . 
   a famous biologist from the netherlands was asked in an interview whether he was molested at his religious boarding school . 
  he said yes sure but it was n't a big deal back then , i got a great education from them and what we were really worried about as kids was having to eat cod liver at dinner . 
  i tell this story as a point of comparison : just because you do n't personally have a problem with it does not mean that the practice should be continued . 
  cutting parts off babies for no reason is not right . 
  earlobes are less functional than foreskin , but if you had parents cutting off their baby 's earlobes there would be outrage , but for some reason when it 's done for religious reasons it 's completely fine . 
  that 's an interesting point but i do n't think child molestation and circumcision are really comparable , especially given the psychological effects that molestation can have on somebody . 
  in addition earlobes are hypothesized to help regulate the temperature of the ear and even help with balance . 
  however regardless were it a longstanding thing i think people would only care in the same way they do about circumcision . 
  i 'm not saying whether it 's right or wrong . 
  i 'm just sick of people treating it like it 's some society-breaking issue and that i should just be outraged that my penis does n't have its foreskin . 
   it 's the only way we can get this thing banned at last . 
  with overdone emotional appeals ? 
  that 's not a great quality with which to define your movement . 
   when france was in the process of passing the gay marriage law , those who opposed it all used the argument that `` there are more urgent things to deal with , what about jerbs ?? '', 
  as if we should n't touch gay marriage before we fix the job market . 
  i 'm not making that argument and never did . 
  i 'm saying that in my life is completely unaffected by the fact that i 'm circumcised . 
   if a discussion starts around it , then it will be the right time to be emotional and passionate so that it can be written into law . 
  do you think laws should typically be written based on strong emotions and passion ? 
  if so , do you agree with france 's new surveillance laws ? 
  and i completely understand it . 
  it 's an interesting ethical question . 
  however , people are far too emotional about it in my opinion . 
  there 's the nerve ending argument which is valid , but i 'm not sure just how important that is in sex , given that one of my friends was circumcised at 18 and aside from the healing process has n't noticed any real difference . 
  edit : some people obviously have different experiences and i should n't speak for everybody . 
  pretty much . 
  it 's a different fap i guess , but not essential . 
  i 'm sure being uncut makes cranking it easier but i 'm not convinced that the difference is hugely significant . 
  it 's also worth noting that circumcision is n't universal in the united states by any means . 
  when it comes down to it , and i always get very negative responses when i say this , circumcision has n't made any difference whatsoever in my life , nor has it made any difference in my sex life . 
  i 'm not happy to be circumcised , nor am i angry about it . 
  i simply do n't care . 
  it 's just my penis . 
  since this for some reason always comes up , as a circumcised american we go either way . 
  does n't really make too much of a difference . 
  the outrage on reddit over it is completely disproportionate to how big of an issue it actually is . 
  we do n't want to lose members . 
  if we did that we 'd be making european countries , especially western ones because i suspect they 're who would refuse , more susceptible to russian influence which obviously harms our interests and the general stability of the region . 
  the us is kind of fucked ; european nations know they can do whatever they want in terms of military because we have no choice but to foot the bill or harm our own interests . 
  do n't kid yourself , this is n't russia being more liberal , it 's just russia taking advantage of a situation to suit their interests . 
  they 're always going to do everything they can to facilitate the breakup of the eu , and right now the migrant crisis is a godsend for them in that regard . 
  in austin women can be topless anywhere men can as well . 
  barton springs typically has a good deal of toplessness , for example . 
  yea sure , in the same way that europeans believe that the european union is the pinnacle of governance . 
  if this subreddit is any indication , that 's only true depending on who you ask . 
  wait really ? 
  why anti-us sentiment among croatians ? 
  i believe he was referring to british politicians engaging in pedophilia rings . 
  well i do n't suspect the french-german border will be hit by a tsunami anytime soon so i think the comparison might be a little flawed in general . 
  they just hit the same bullshit talking points every time . 
  it 's like clockwork . 
  [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/ekfobb6_naw ) is a great video if you have an hour . 
   it 's amazing how you 're trying to use warcrimes commited in the 80s and 90s to justify your invasion , and by your i mean the united states , it 's amazing how you keep ignoring the entire subject . 
  i 'm not saying the us invasion was a good thing . 
  i never said anything of the sort . 
  i said that saddam was fucking horrible for iraqis , something that you 're downplaying to an extent that 's almost scary . 
   if the war crimes saddam commited against ** iranian conscripts ** yea , it was n't just iranian conscripts . 
  that you try to whitewash it * again * is just insulting . 
   makes 2003 invasion justified it 's justified for any country to attack the us for the war crimes commited in vietnam ? 
  i never claimed it made the 03 invasion okay . 
  the fact that i 've had to emphasize so many times that my point this entire time has been that saddam was awful for iraq despite hordes of redditors claiming that iraq was so * stable * under saddam . 
  but if you feel up to invading and overthrowing the us government , by all means . 
  i 'd love to see a european country that is n't russia actually use its military . 
   i 'm not trying to justify anything , i 'm explaining that those chemical weapons were soldados to saddam by the us and germany to help him during the iran-iraq war , do n't try to wash your hands .
