  russia invades ukraine ? 
  yanks made 'em do it . 
   i do n't know why you think ukraine badly needs new equipment though . 
  ukraine is one of the biggest weapons manufacturers in europe . 
  they might need some really hightech weapons . 
  but for the most part they 're fine . 
  its just their army that is so corrupt they never get the equipment because it disappears before reaching the soldiers . 
  even your own article states that ukraine is in desperate need of modern equipment . . 
  in addition to the training and modernization that the us and british can provide . 
   sure . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/mar/19/volunteer-brigades-bridge-ukrainian-army-gaps-kiev-army ) and [ here ] ( http://www.isn.ethz.ch/digital-library/publications/detail/?lang=en&amp;amp;amp;id=164175 ) . 
  neither of these back up the claim that the ukrainian army simply sells its weaponry for profit . 
   so because they did that , we 're somehow obliged to help them ? 
  no we 're not . 
  ukraine has not made any attempts at starting reforms that could curb the rampant corruption that is crippling ukraine . 
  no point in trying to help them then . 
  you should try to help them . 
  in the same way romania has overcome rampant corruption , ukraine can be coerced . 
   lol . 
  spoken like a true american , having no idea what he is talking about . 
  what the fuck is your problem ? 
  attacking my flair instead of challenging what i say ? 
  are you so na\u00efve to think that russia would n't be overjoyed at western europe abandoning ukraine like you 're so eager to do ? 
   ukraine is not entitled to our help . 
  we offered it if they fullfilled some terms . 
  they have n't fullfilled them and does n't look like they 're even trying to do it . 
  according to you , we should just send money anyways , that would disappear as soon as they arrive . 
  when did i say we should send money ? 
  this wasnt about money , this has to do with their military . 
  they 'll never get better as a country if they have this rebel group controlling territory , and that 's exactly what russia wants , so that ukraine is forced to stay within their sphere of influence . 
   of course i am . 
  so would any person that knows anything about europe . 
  russia supplies over half of europe 's energy needs . 
  so would you be willing to wean yourself off of russian energy or would finding alternate sources of fossil fuels and natural gasses potentially piss off russia ? 
  god knows that would be unacceptable . 
  see what you either do n't understand or do n't want to admit is that russia 's economy is entirely dependent on supplying energy to europe . 
  they ca n't do anything in that regard even if you `` piss them off , '' as evidenced by the lack of action even after we put sanctions on them . 
  more now than ever with oil being so inexpensive they 're at the mercy of the buyers . 
  in the same way china wo n't in the near future start any conflict that would severely damage their business with the united states and its allies in the east . 
   russia has completely valid security concerns . 
  america would never allow pro-russia countries in its backyard . 
  what , like cuba ? 
  we tried and failed to get rid of castro but otherwise we 've been living with them and the venezuelans in our backyard for a long time , and with the cold war over peacefully so . 
   look how you ruined south america to fight communism to prevent pro-russian countries on your side of the atlantic . 
  we did a lot of bad things to south american in the cold war but to say it was us that `` ruined '' south america is insulting both to history and to south americans . 
   and then you seem to expect russia should just put up with having nato aligned countries all around it ? 
  so let me get this straight : when russia uses force to keep its neighbors within its sphere of influence , it 's justified because of those dastardly americans and we should n't bother them , but when the americans sponsored rebels in the prime of the cold war it was a horrible thing that ruined south america ? 
   its always rich when you americans come on here and think you know so much . 
  again with my nationality . 
  as much as i 'd love to believe that because you share a continent with ukraine you 're inherently more knowledgable about the current crisis , that 's not how it works . 
  if i were to say that i find it rich when scandinavians try to talk about anything military or conflict oriented given their complete incompetence in dealing with either of those things , that ignores the fact that some individuals might have a good deal of knowledge in those fields . 
  do n't make that mistake . 
   so for you , not wanting to help out one of the most corrupt countries on the planet and arming them with weapons , which they 'll probably sell to make a profit , equals pleasing russia ? 
  1 , is there any precedence to ukraine selling off badly needed weaponry for profit within the scope of this crisis , and if so can you point me to the evidence that would suggest this ? 
  2 , in what way is abandoning the country who broke its good relations with russia in favor of the eu , was subsequently invaded and had land annexed by russia , and now has a considerable portion of its land now occupied by russian and pro-russian forces ** not ** pleasing russia ? 
  in regards to ukraine , the only thing that would make russia happier than the west abandoning another european country just as they have in the past and are now would be for ukraine and belarus to simply capitulate and accept annexation . 
  how do you validate the thought process that not helping ukraine does n't please russia ? 
  it 's even more ironic because you 're so hesitant to , and i quote , `` piss off russia , '' justifying it with ukrainian corruption when russia is similarly corrupt . 
  i do n't know why , but seeing what 's happened to georgia and moldova after russia made land grabs makes me not want to let russia get away with another one , but i suppose that 's just me . 
   and the swastika predates nazism as a sanskrit symbol of good luck . 
  what 's your point ? 
  if a country was using a swastika on their flag prior to the nazi adoption of the symbol they 'd be justified in keeping it despite not being associated with nazism ? 
  ie , the case of the turks in islam ? 
   people are pointing to the 1950s as the time the star and crescent became an islamic symbol , but that 's a stretch because the star and crescent was the official state symbol of an islamic caliphate ( aka the ottoman empire ) since the 18th century . 
  a version of the crescent appeared on ottoman navy ensigns in the 17th century . 
  a turkish islamic caliphate , and the star and crescent first began popularly appear on the ottoman flag in the late 19th century as part of pro-westernization reforms . 
  what is your point ? 
  that because the star and crescent was used on naval ensigns of ottoman ships that it was a symbol of islam ? 
  do you agree that the white flag is a symbol of france because they used to fly a white flag in their navies ? 
   for the largely christian european states ( or rather kingdoms at one point ) that warred with the ottoman empire over a few centuries , the star and crescent already began to stand for islam for that reason . 
  whether correct or not , people refer to the defeat of the ottomans in vienna in 1683 as the time when `` christian armies '' protected europe from `` muslim invaders '' . 
  there 's no real information that indicates the star and crescent was associated with islam in the 17th century . 
  muslims as well as christians used the star and crescent at that point . 
  in addition the siege of vienna is almost entirely irrelevant , and many would also say that the battle of tours was equally as important in stopping the spread of islam . 
   i understand why turkish people resent this implication , since their war for independence specifically resulted in a politically secular state ( the flag is red and not green ) . 
  and it 's true that nowadays the crescent and star does not carry that connotation with respect to their flag . 
  but the symbol 's use as a state symbol predates the secular turkish republic by quite a few centuries , and moreover , if you ask a random person outside of turkey what the star and crescent represent , you 'll probably hear `` islam '' or maybe `` arabic ( oddly , enough ) nationalism . '', 
  what a random person thinks is irrelevant to the actual background of the star and crescent . 
  if you ask a random person what a tricolor represents they 'll probably have no idea but that does n't mean a tricolor does n't represent anything . 
  this entire conversation is so irrelevant to anything it 's insane, 
  lol this is gold, 
  is anybody else colorblind and struggling to make sense of this map as much as i am ? 
  massoud was not a fucking taliban , he fought against the taliban . 
  it takes deliberate ignorance to believe that `` anti-communist mujahideen '' = `` taliban . '', 
  you 're ( i assume deliberately ) ignoring the fact that the star and crescent was likely adopted either from imagery having to do with constantinople , or from the history of the turkic tribes of central asia , and only really began to be associated with islam in the mid to late 20th century . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but the conflict between the turkish and greek cypriots is no longer going on ? 
  so why occupy half of the island today anyway ? 
  you did n't invade an eu member state , but you currently occupy half of one . 
  criticize the information at hand , not the flair . 
  just because i have an american flair does n't mean what i say about your countries is instantly invalidated . 
  and if you do nothing , you get countries like moldova , trapped in almost complete stasis because of the presence of rebels occupying significant portions of their land . 
  what is the point of trying to please russia when they 're just going to work against western interests whenever they possibly can ? 
  he 's referring to a potential arms race that could come of american `` provocations '' towards russia . 
  that does n't mean that 's its effective range . 
  planes do have countermeasures and an s-400 firing at maximum range would likely be ineffective . 
  very well put , thank you . 
  so let 's say you decide to put effort into bettering your country . 
  then is it still pointless to be proud of it , or is it instead pointless to put in the effort in the first place ? 
   it depends on what you are doing . 
  my basic question would be , why are you proud of your nation and how much involvement have you in your nation being that way ?
