  i concede that europe handles many of their domestic policies , particularly in regards to workers and consumer 's rights and with healthcare , and i 'm completely willing to recognize that the united states may not have the same grip on these issues as our european counterparts . 
  this is especially relevant to gun policy , and yet i understand that things are different there than they are here . 
   turkish german 's are a success . 
  the turkish gastarbeiters are only a success on a relative scale . 
  compared to the north/horn african migrants , they 're wonderful . 
  however they are not in any way a good example of proper integration of a population . 
  if you want to see a success story , look at the chinese in the united states and canada . 
  that is what integration looks like . 
   if you question their slow integration it is because they were not initially accepted into the culture . 
  denied german citizenship and thus place in civil society , because germany treated them as guest workers even after it become long apparent they were not staying just as guests . 
  the aforementioned chinese immigrants in the united states had it infinitely worse than the turks in germany , and yet here we are . 
  the japanese were even interned during world war two . 
   german has integrated many nationalities successfully into its culture . 
  . . like ? 
   i have yet to see a good historical example where a mass refugee wave destroyed the host nation culture , unless you think germany is akin to native americans . 
  doomsayers have a very poor track record , think it is naive to believe this time is some how different . 
  they wo n't destroy a country . 
  but if you do n't think that they can fundamentally change an area that receives migrants en masse , then you 're quite na\u00efve . 
  i 'm currently in austin , texas , and the changes that the city has undergone in just the last few years due to large scale immigration * just from places within texas * is shocking . 
  while i stand by the statement that immigration in europe and immigration in the united states are inherently different and largely incomparable , it 's evident that a significant increase in migrants , particularly of a single ideology ( in this case political and social conservatism ) can have significant effects on existing populations . 
  so whether or not you want your country to be altered by a population seeking to make things more like the places from which they came is up to you , however it 's disingenuous to say that things will be fine if you just give it time , and this can be seen anywhere that there are large numbers of migrants . 
  and to imply that the people worried about immigration are doomsayers is essentially a strawman argument . 
   europe is full of open , multicultural societies now . 
  since the eu has opened borders , you ca n't consider individual countries as enclosed ethnic conclaves anymore . 
  you 're right . 
  that does not , however , mean that extra-european integration is working particularly well . 
   england and france have similar level of immigration and foreign born populations as america or canada . 
  again , you compare england and france to the us and canada when to do so is a very difficult comparison , and i 'll get to why in a second . 
   in today 's world , anyone can become a swede , a german , or just a european . 
  but that 's not true . 
  maybe in the idealistic mind of a european , but if you think that the non-european migrants feel the same way , then that 's just willing ignorance . 
  there are countless examples of migrants who come to or even are born in european countries having torn identities as they can not identify as european , yet have difficulty identifying with their ancestral homeland as they 've left it behind or , in the case of second and later generation immigrants , have never even been there . 
  however , they 're not of the same skin color , religion , culture , features , etc as the native european population . 
  if you 've read any of derek walcott 's poetry , it 's evident that this is a problem that is not a new phenomenon and not isolated to the current background of migrants that we see today , as walcott describes his feelings towards both of the places from which he feels he should identify with , yet is unable to feel a sense of true belonging to either . 
  this phenomenon is captured in today 's media as well ; belgian-rwandan artist stromae has sung about his inability to fit in with native belgian society and yet his connection to africa is omnipresent through his features despite him not having much more connection to rwanda than that . 
  this sense of being an outsider is captured as well by hanif kureishi through karim amir in `` multicultural '' london , where karim struggles to be english despite his being born in london , due to his indian background , his `` exotic '' religious background , and the clashing of his traditional versus western values . 
  the problem of non-european immigrants in european society is one that can not be ignored , because it leads to social problems . 
  perhaps the greatest problem facing today 's generation of immigrants is the susceptibility to radical islam . 
  as previously mentioned , the immigrants to european do n't feel that they can just `` become '' a swede , frenchman , or german . 
  rather they look for people who can similarly empathize with them , and find their catharsis in their fellow migrants . 
  however many come from different national backgrounds , leaving the strongest identifying factor for these people being islam . 
  as they largely find each other and form enclaves , this leads to echo chambers forming leading to conservatism that would n't even be seen in the countries from which they come . 
  for instance , enclaves in europe are often more religiously conservative than cities like marrakech . 
  in addition , with more and more middle easterners showing up due to the migrant crisis , these communities become susceptible to radicalization beyond conservatism as migrants who hail directly from the middle east embed themselves directly within the muslim communities in europe , often bringing with them extremist ideologies that appeal especially to the later generations of immigrants , as somebody from their `` homeland '' with the firsthand experience of the culture from which they believe they come can easily become seen as an authority figure to the youths on which they prey . 
  it does n't help that many mosques have extremist imams with links to extremist organizations and ideologies . 
  if you 've ever wondered why so many of the attackers in european terror attacks are second and third generation immigrants born in the countries which they attack , that should easily explain enough of it . 
  european countries do not , can not handle extra-european immigrants on a massive scale until europeans completely forego their native identities , and does anybody really want that ? 
  europe needs to get a handle on its immigration policies and stop pretending to be the united states and canada . 
  you 're quite the martyr , but again , do n't count on mass immigration to your small nation to be the same as immigration to the united states or canada . 
  germany 's turkish gastarbeiter population should be some indication , particularly given that they 've been there since the fifties and are at best somewhat german at this point . 
  if you think north and horn africans , pakistanis , afghans , and the odd levantine will be better then that 's just na\u00efve . 
   well , if you go by history , things work out well in the end for almost all refugee crisis . 
  just in the united states , there have been many refugee crisis and all were unpopular and followed by fear mongering . 
  irish in 1850s , catholics in 1900s , communists in 1950s , boat people in 1970s , or cubans in 1990s . 
  nativists each time claimed it would be the end of the us and culture . 
  each time it worked out fine . 
  sweden will remain one of the most desirable countries in the world to live in for the foreseeable future . 
  i always have to laugh when people in / r/europe try to use the united states or canada as a template for how they should handle large scale immigration . 
  immigration is very different here , because we are all immigrants . 
  anybody can be american , but not everybody can be a swede . 
   firstly , the current way how the iranian government is founded , is done by iranians themselves after the usa installed a dictator . 
  so basically they revolted against an oppressive government . 
  and they changed it . 
  which only furthers my point . 
  the oc said that iranians would n't stand for an oppressive leadership/wouldn ' t bend over to anyone , and yet they put a horrible theocratic government in place that is in many ways more oppressive to the population as a whole than the government of the western backed shah . 
  maybe you could make a point of saying iranians only bend over and take it from themselves , but that 's kind of a moot point do n't you think ? 
   hell , there 's a woman in charge of the iranian oil production . 
  are you really trying to make out iran as tolerant towards women ? 
  somebody please tell marjane satrapi so she can edit * persepolis * accordingly . 
   secondly , iranians have way more freedom than saudi arabians . 
  please point me to where saudi arabia became relevant in this discussion . 
  all of you redditors with throbbing erections for iran are so quick to make comparisons to saudi arabia when saudi arabia is n't even relevant to the conversation , as a means of validating your own insane justifications for the horrible things that go on in iran . 
  do n't bring up things that are completely irrelevant as if they 're supposed to be some trump card . 
   so yeah , they have not the same freedom as you and me . 
  but their government is n't that oppressive . 
  just , wow . 
  do you know why so many iranians came to the west after the islamic revolution by any chance ? 
  i 'm sure they 'd love to hear you tell them how their government really is n't that oppressive , especially if they 're religious , political , or ethnic minorities . 
   also something you seem to fail to see , iran is changing . 
  i see iran changing * very * slowly . 
  when iranians get rid of their current government in favor of something that 's accordingly progressive as reddit says the population is , then maybe i 'll take these arguments seriously . 
  please , if you 're going to imply that what i said is incorrect , do make a correction , since you 're clearly well-read . 
  there are significantly more azerbaijanis in iran than there are in azerbaijan , which is a fun fact depending on who you ask . 
  well , no one except their new oppressive government for the last 37 years . 
  yea , no . 
  maybe here they 're received less positively , i assume because a lot of eastern europeans frequent the subreddit and are aware of the histories of their countries , but in / r/worldnews and elsewhere people are more often than not pro-russia . 
  even regarding their actions in ukraine you 'll be able to find plenty of users pulling excuses for russian actions out of their asses . 
  yea , save your tl ; dr , the only thing that ties in with what you apparently * think * the article states is this . 
   the threat of libya 's oil and gold to french interests though the french-proposed u.n. security council resolution 1973 claimed the no-fly zone implemented over libya was to protect civilians , an april 2011 email sent to hillary with the subject line `` france 's client and qaddafi 's gold '' tells of less noble ambitions . 
  the email identifies french president nicholas sarkozy as leading the attack on libya with five specific purposes in mind : to obtain libyan oil , ensure french influence in the region , increase sarkozy 's reputation domestically , assert french military power , and to prevent gaddafi 's influence in what is considered `` francophone africa . '' to which i must ask , unless i 'm missing another part of the article , what is the relevance of the french desire to curtail libyan influence to the petrodollar ? 
  many countries no longer trade in the dollar . 
  china and russia do n't , many oil-producing nations sell with other currencies , china and japan do n't trade in the dollar , and china and south korea are working on a similar deal . 
  in addition brics countries are starting to trade in their own currencies . 
  and yet , people harp on about how the united states * needed * to destroy * libya * of all countries to preserve the mythical petrodollar . 
  never mind the fact that libya was n't even a us initiative . 
  the petro-dollar theory that 's espoused around here just has too many holes in it for me to take it seriously . 
  this thread man , what a shitshow . 
  does it really differ much in western europe ? 
  forgive me , as an american my knowledge of european organizations by country is fairly limited . 
  based on simply the comments in this thread alone , if i were a european who was against mass migration from the middle east and north africa and was n't a particular fan of islam , is there any group that i could identify with that would n't leave me immediately labelled a nazi , skinhead , or far right extremist ?
