  ironic  the financial sector gained most of the profits from economic growth whilst the average worker got shafted . 
  you understand that they 're both being shafted , right ? 
  i do n't want to see members leave . 
  however i 'm also a democrat and believe that the will of the people should be honored . 
  so as a federalist what do you think the policy towards russia should be ? 
  what about ukraine ? 
  a strong european union is almost diametrically opposite of russian policy towards europe . 
  ukraine vs the baltic states demonstrate that perfectly . 
  also , the article you posted clearly shows that the republics that were essentially inside the rsfsr voted pro-ussr while those that wanted to secede did not take part in the soviet referendum , in favor of holding their own referendums . 
  as such i 'm not sure what your point was in posting that article . 
  in addition , you seem to be discounting the non-soviet warsaw pact states ' opinions in the matter , which is especially relevant given the `` west of grodno '' criteria . 
  you fell for the wog bit . 
  how naive of you . 
  you 've activated my trap card ! '', 
  if you want to make ridiculous strawmen about what you think i think about you , i personally could n't care less . 
   i 'm not good enough to be in your company is it ? 
  i bet even the working poor in britain are too low for you . 
  i currently work at a moving company in san diego , ca while i work on my internship . 
  before , i worked at a moving company in austin , tx . 
  you can fill in the blanks regarding the relevance . 
  the point is that what you think you know about the working class is completely disconnected from reality , as somebody who currently makes most of his income via blue collar contract labor . 
  so when you try to tell me what the working class * really * wants i really can only laugh at how hysterically wrong it is . 
  maybe blue collar laborers are simply categorically different in europe , but otherwise i simply can not believe your representation of the working class . 
   the break up of yugoslavia was in direct violation of its constitution . 
  completely irrelevant to the topic at hand  the breakup of the soviet union happened in direct violation of the people 's wish after a referendum . 
  whose ? 
  the russian people ? 
  because everybody else except for the kazakhs and maybe the belarusians were pro independence . 
  hence why they declared independence . 
  kazakhstan only very narrowly had support for independence due to their connection to the russian economy . 
   who 's calling for communism ? 
  you talking about the working poor not supporting the west ? 
  again , what 's your connection to the working poor if i may ask ? 
   austerity happened these as well . 
  they had an excuse in being under military siege after ww2 but i digress . 
  incoherent  asking for economic aid ?!, 
  the fourth largest economy ? 
  you realize that their financial sector is not doing so hot because of market uncertainty in addition to the implications of now being outside the eu right  well ... now it 's the fifth because the people have spoken . 
  they want their fair share of growth instead of being lumped with all the risks . 
  should malta secede from the eu ? 
  i thought you were pro-european , being a european citizen and all . 
  do you think that the eu is in the best interests of europe ? 
   shit posting . 
  indeed . 
  if i provoke your most cherished beliefs i must be filthy wog . 
  you give yourself * way * too much credit , unsurprisingly . 
  though the bit about the wog ; your words not mine . 
   how selective . 
  please , elaborate . 
  i 'd love to hear how an instance of russian aggression at the * very * beginning of the timeframe you gave me is selective . 
  `` how about you start at 1990 ? '', 
  \\* russia almost immediately invades a european country * `` muh cherrypicking *  you think cherry picking will magically make the working poor accept the new cold war . 
  what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  supporting communism ? 
  nobody needs convincing that that 's a fucking joke . 
  and out of curiosity , what 's your experience with the working poor ? 
  because your expectations do n't seem realistic . 
   britain just called . 
  probably asking for economic aid . 
  and i thought you were pro-europe ? 
  oh boy the narrative changes every time . 
  quoth our most vocal maltese shitposter - `` my nationality is european . '', 
  yet now you speak of brexit like it 's something to be happy about as somebody who is willing to say that his nationality is european ? 
  what does normalizing relations and dropping sanctions * do for ukraine ? 
  the way etiquette typically follows is that you say something and have something to back it up . 
  i 've done my research , my opinion on this matter is not by any means uninformed . 
  if you ca n't produce anything concrete to support why you think you 're right i 'm in no way inclined to believe that you are . 
  as such if you have nothing to suggest that this conflict is n't as cut and dry as you say it is , then why should anybody believe you ? 
  cheers . 
  please elaborate , i 'd love to be enlightened about the world . 
  show me the grey , baby edit : i understand that things are n't always black and white . 
  that 's obvious . 
  but things seem pretty cut and dry here with tensions rising between russia and nato in the aftermath of ukraine being invaded . 
  calls for apathy by optimistic ideologues in germany do n't seem to fit the reality of the situation in any way . 
  as such , calling the faction that 's acting in response to a 21st century war in europe warmongering just seems ridiculous . 
  sure - 1990 : the tiny region of transnistria secedes from moldova , magically arms itself , and is supported by elements of the russian army preventing action from moldova . 
  fast forward 26 years and the status quo still has n't changed , moldova ca n't move towards the eu or nato because of transnistria , and russians refuse to help resolve the situation despite essentially controlling the region . 
  countries historically under russia 's boot ask to join nato - what a provocation !, 
  want me to continue ? 
   so there is no sabotage going on ... because he failed ? 
  if i consider sabotaging a piece of equipment , for example , but never get around to actually doing it and nothing ever happens what did i sabotage ? 
   ( no doubt in collusion with the likes of mccain and nuland ) you say this like it 's supposed to mean something ? 
  he probably consulted with obama too at some point , \\* gasp *  afaik minsk agreement is a european effort . 
  minsk ii is simultaneously a pathetic joke and miraculously successful , in a completely relative sense , in that it has stopped large offensives , while not solving anything whatsoever as it is repeatedly violated resulting in daily ukrainian casualties . 
  minsk ii completely favors the russians because it gives them literally everything they want out of this conflict . 
  if you want to glorify it was a european effort then go for it , absolve american responsibility for it . 
   he might have failed in arming ukraine but the sabotaging of the franco/german attempt at stopping the incipient civil war in ukraine is ongoing . 
  lmfao you actually believe the french and germans are going to stop the war in ukraine ? 
  like anybody needs to sabotage the minsk agreement to get it to fail miserably . 
  you might as well call up neville chamberlain to negotiate a treaty , because all minsk does is give the russians what they wanted all along on the condition that nobody actually has to lift a finger , except eastern europeans of course . 
  and do n't pretend that it is n't a russian in support of separatists . 
   it 's not just him . 
  there are many state department appointees who are pushing things in ukraine at the expense of european security . 
  you talk about european security whilst simultaneously talking about softballing an aggressive state occupying territory in 2 or 3 european countries , depending on how you count georgia . 
  unless european security only counts for the eu , because it seems like everybody else is sol as far as your description is concerned . 
  i 'm sure it 's russian sponsored but that 's no excuse . 
  everything about this just screams laziness on the general 's part . 
  the leaks themselves hardly seem damning ; it 's not exactly shocking that a general might see military action as more effective than sanctions . 
  the op , however , frequently posts anti-nato articles because he feels that europe should leave the organization and simply cooperate with the russians so it 's not exactly surprising to see it being made into a big deal if it fits his agenda . 
  and his password is `` natogeneral1 '' as it turns out .
