sweden has to face the consequences of its actions , i dont have to like it but thats simply how it is . 
  sweden made this shit happen , it created this problem by its own . 
  you either infringe their rights or you let them kill innocent . 
  both shit , but one better than the other . 
  if you have a rabid dog you would lock it away , even if it has n't bitten anybody yet, 
  then there is no other way than locking them away . 
  otherwise you cant protect the safety of innocents i much rather have the rights of islamists infringed than the right to live of others, 
  when they are n't citizens ? 
  deport them . 
  when they hate euroe so much they can have a nice live in the middle east, 
  im not suggesting arresting people for they way they think , im suggesting bringing them back to where they come from . 
  love it or leave it, 
  the question is : why are n't those people deported ? 
  if we know that i have a lets say a iraqi in my country that wants to kill people in his host country , why should we allow him to stay ? 
  those people have no place in europe, 
  we all have our christian holidays , we dont need more . 
  czechia wont have the euro anytime soon, 
  is afd anti eu in general ? 
  i always thought they want to reform it , not to get rid of it like ukip and fn, 
  well ... maybe ... with shotguns and an army of prostitutes ... hmmm, 
  '' ... with broomsticks and without working jets ! '', 
  ftfy . 
  seriously , the bundeswehr is a parody of a german army , i would n't feel safe giving them such serious tasks . 
  they should go back supporting our us allies, 
  i dont think it is good to give the german federal goverment even more power in europe . 
  smaller european nations should try to achieve more military cooperation with the usa and not with the broomsticks, 
  and i cant understand the ones that are n't, 
  to expensive imo , just close the borders, 
  for me its because i have family over there . 
  in general i think it just is a rather typical destination of european migration ... also nice girls and plenty of free speech, 
  usa , also chile or argentina, 
  imo the marriage should be a union of a man and a woman , if you give lgbt couples the right to have a `` registered partnership '' they will sooner or later want to have full marriage . 
  so im against it, 
  it has gotten absolutly out of hand in prague , just like with most major european cities . 
  phoenix, 
  there is no point in it anymore , when it was created it was a good thing because there was a need for one single lingua franca since at this point it was quite divided between english , french and german ( and also to some extend russian ) now english hold this position easily and wont loose it anytime soon, 
  i did voted in the german federal election last time , not sure if i will do so this year . 
  if i do im not quite sure what to vote , either fdp or afd . 
  im german , my gf is czech . 
  we lived 2 years in the us , and now since 3 years in the czech republic . 
  before we moved here i knew little to no czech , but i guess without her i would not have managed the language to a point i can get around . 
  i think she got me more releaxed/balanced in some ways . 
  so yeah , somewhat . 
  we are both verry americanised people i think tho, 
  none . 
  it would be stupid , even if the us would be some kind of dictator what it is n't, 
  only in some touristy areas i think, 
  what kind of restaurant dose n't offer alcohol ? , im out, 
  cost of living rises faster than income , thats a problem what is funny is that i would consider most of your points either as good things or as not so bad . 
   guns . 
  it is a constitutional right for citizens to have guns . 
  so now there are literally more guns than people , and we have a lot of gun crime since almost anybody can get one . 
  criminals dont abide the law , if you make guns illegal you simply will leave criminals armed while the law abiding citizens cant defend themself . 
  the best and only tool against an armed criminal ? 
   crime . 
  crime is so common that it is normalized . 
  i go outside to see my car window smashed , and everybody sees it as an everyday inconvenience . 
  it happens so much that the police do not care , it happens every day in my town . 
  yes this is a problem , the us crime rates are shrinking since years . 
   health insurance . 
  if you work a wealthy job you may be well-off in this . 
  but if you get into an accident when in between jobs , you will be in debt for the rest of your life . 
  the current government will only make this worse . 
  its not peoples job to pay for services others recive , if you want an health insurance you can get one , but the goverme n't should n't force people to it . 
  i think trumpcare sounds quite fine . 
   racism . 
  most americans are very racist against hispanics , african americans , and muslims . 
  that is why they elected this guy . 
  and this sure is because whites is so evil and totaly not because the way hispanics , african americans , and muslims act ? 
   work . 
  it is standard to only get 2 weeks of vacation in a year . 
  us has extremly good wages tho . 
  private system , the goverment should n't be allowed to force people to have healthcare , it should be optional, 
  not like there are n't algerians in isis or like there was n't white europeans killed by algerian terrorists , so yeah i dont want them come to europe and america as well . 
  whats the last time an christian or an atheist mowed down people with a truck for a pedophile in the sky ? 
  so what ? 
  not my culture , not my buisness . 
  we only have to ensure this conflict dose n't come to europe by islamic migrants , otherwise its not my issue, 
  yes , and he described how the system that worked for short time was guzzled by the communist reality . 
  people tend to shoot back if you shoot at them , so do the kurds . 
  also turkey is not a democracy or western , so i dont care . 
  it basicly means that you have a system that is doing nothing but stealing the capital people worked for all day long . 
  communism is nothing utopian but completly dystopian , its total theft and its total control . 
  if an ai leader would be smart and benovent it would open up all markets and bring freedom and prosperity . 
  estonians had to suffer under the reds for years , nobody that saw communism would want communism . 
  read orwells homage to catalonia, 
  if it would be benelovent it would n't be a communist, 
  im against universal health care and think it should be a private issue, 
  uae, 
  not the buildings but `` churches '' as the institutions ( catholic church , orthodox church , hussite church , lutheranian church ), 
  yes , im not a big fan of the most churches tho, 
  also one could argue that it is unfair towards the poorer people for two reasons . 
  + a millionaire pays the same percentage of taxes as a poor worker + people that have high ranked positions or are self employed can get the vat back even if they are using the goods partly for private stuff . 
  so a manager that buys a mercedes `` for business '' and uses it privatly end up paying less taxes than an employed person buying a cheap family car, 
   if you count a rifle that does n't like getting hot as a solid tool ... 
  it sure does , but so does the ak , the ar and all other select fire rifles . 
  in fact when the g36 overheats it has an lower accuracy drop than the ak and only slightly more than the ar . 
  the thing is that the bundeswehr ( ab ) used the g36 as an lmg since their real mg3 lmg 's are not up to date and to clumsy , also they used cheap brazilian ammo . 
  the german ministry of defense even lost a court case against h&k over it . 
   also mentioned is the perennial problem that 5.56 nato does n't have the legs for long-distance engagements in open country ( 5-600m ) , this is n't the 1960 's , long range fighting is basicly non existent , most fights take part on like 20-40m .
