that 's because they do look like toy money . 
  sometimes i do . 
  good way to check on inflation . 
  and where do i park my hovercar ? 
  pardon , i just read it as territorial because those are the ones usually discussed . 
  you 're forgetting `` malvinas son argentinas '' :d, 
  do n't like russia ? 
  do n't go to russia . 
  problem avoided ( unless it 's one of those cases when russia comes to you ) . 
  younger , fit enough to run a marathon . 
  putting my money on stubby . 
  do i see griffins and elephants ? 
  that might cause problems in the bedroom . 
  should 've styled garage into a sphinx . 
  was a matter of time anyway . 
  how many jews are there in sweden ? 
  how many muslims ? 
  they vote . 
  [ france can into kebab removal !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocw3fbqpqku ) man , i wish we had a decent kebab outlet in my country . 
  those things are delicious . 
  right now almost every `` ethnic '' restaurant we have is a pizza joint , even if it 's not italian . 
  in poland , netherlands , scandinavia and baltics , yes . 
  elsewhere not so much . 
  son of a bitch , i 'm on my phone and accidentally sent a friend request . 
  canceled now but wonder if he 'll still get a message . 
  being a central european country with a very turbulent history - having been both an empire stretching from the baltic to the black sea and being partitioned by several foreign powers - it 's natural borders are bound to be somewhat of a blur . 
  there is no denying the warsaw-krakow area is as polish as it can get but elsewhere the lines are n't as clear . 
  you could always argue cities such as vilnius , brest or lviv should be polish or why gdansk , szczecin and wroclaw should n't . 
  either way , it is more than obvious poland is n't going on an anschluss spree . 
  congrats to us . 
  lost our only ( relevant ) minister who , while somewhat lacking social skills , is actually competent in his work . 
  i dread to think what cabinet we 'll have come next spring . 
  those are some strategically placed dynamite sticks there on david ... 
  did you get your girlfriend ( or w/e ) back ? 
  also why the uk anyway and not germany ? 
  interesting read . 
  honestly though , sometimes i wonder if they do stuff like name their national football stadium after philip ii of ancient macedonia solely to piss off you guys . 
  [ here ] ( http://i58.tinypic.com/28mlrmx.png ) * i do n't really hate anyone . 
  * i disregard current politics but take history into account . 
  * i realise there is a rather stark difference between north and south , i guess it 's just the way it is . 
  * this is at least partly affected by my travels and friends made . 
  for example i liked czech republic while simply ok-ing slovakia although i imagine and consider the two to be very compatible in general . 
  * i consider israel to be a part of europe even if strictly geographically speaking they are n't . 
  life is balance . 
  my only real worry with sde is the fact they may end up forming a coalition with ke should both parties do really well in the elections . 
  which is probable given the continuous irl decline . 
  also ossinovski and palo . 
  lol is there any way to check what is the most viewed youtube music video by country ? 
  to be honest , it 's hardly surprising some neo-nazis find their way to the front lines . 
  this might sound inappropriate but lets face it - should shit hit the fan in your country , it would also be the rowdy macho gun-loving nationalist crazies that would volunteer to fight for their fatherland first , not the moderate politically correct liberal rolemodel citizens . 
  too little too late . 
  so a council president who does n't speak english and an inexperienced foreign policy chief . 
  they 'll just submit a request to join russia . 
  rip . 
  given all the fighting and commotion taking place in and around luhansk now , i seriously doubt we 'll ever learn the full truth . 
  a honorary consul is someone who has close ties to both nations , usually business or charity work . 
  the legal status of a honorary consul depends entirely on the host nation , although in most ( if not all ) european countries , they do have diplomatic immunity in connection with their duties as consuls . 
  meaning should one commit a crime they can be held accountable and prosecuted . 
  so strictly speaking , calling him a lithuanian diplomat is n't wrong . 
  how will these cars start , run , manage snowy roads during norway 's rather cold winters ? 
  then why ban stuff from poland , lithuania , latvia and finland on regular basis aswell ? 
  surprised volvo is still the biggest company in sweden . 
  do n't know about other countries but in estonia there are definitely a lot fewer volvo 's on the streets now than there used to be some 10-20 years ago . 
  i still have fond childhood memories of drawing my dad 's old boxy volvo with a help of ruler . 
  volkswagen lives up to it 's name . 
  hard to tell yet . 
  reform + social dems + free party one would probably make the most sense . 
  problem is many free party voters voted for them specifically because they are tired of reform party leadership and want a change so free party allying with reform would be seen by many as a betrayal . 
  however the pro-russian centre party and the nationalist conservatives are both pariahs with incompatible views so that leaves not many options . 
  i think the opposite . 
  putin obviously cares for his legacy and his heir will be a carefully picked successor , touted and hyped by the government media to no end for months before putin leaves . 
  the leader himself has n't changed but he has gone through a large number of potential heirs . 
  for some estonian posters here complaining about how `` all the parties are basically the same '' once they reach an office . 
  one important fact you all seem to forget is because we have many different parties as opposed to many western european countries where they only have 2-3 major ones we always end up with coalition governments . 
  that means parties are forced to make compromises and work closely with one another . 
  it could n't work any other way . 
  if reform party , social dems or anyone else could form a government alone they would rule quite differently . 
  if we had the geographic location of say belgium or portugal and still had reform party at helm we would 've had a professional army for a long time now . 
  like i said , conforming to reality and present dangers . 
  ps : i wonder what are the odds of laaneots becoming our next minister of defence . 
  would be interesting for sure . 
  in an ideal world reform party would abolish consciption because of civic liberties and all that jazz . 
  however we do n't live in an ideal world and scrapping the conscription based army would undermine national security . 
  parties are allowed to conform to current reality , it 's called pragmatism . 
  not necessarily a good thing but yes , he 's currently the youngest pm in the eu , followed by charles michel ( 39 ) of belgium i think . 
  the so-called anti-russian sentiment is attributed to geopolitical realities not a main ideology . 
  not sure about old people at all , most polls say the opposite . 
  winning is getting 51 or more seats out of the 101 . 
  they will not win and no other party will form a coalition with them ( social dems might be tempted but it would destroy them in the long run so they wo n't ) . 
  pretty much , just replace the estonian rap with equally bad russian rap . 
  oss ( or ossid in plural ) macho tough guy subculture , love for german/us cars ( bmw 's in particular ) , god-awful estonian rap ( see below ) , picking up chicks/partying etc. 
  wear caps , hoodies , basketball shirts . 
  usually live in shitty poor parts of a city ( commie blocks ) with a car as a status symbol but some can have middle class background . 
  a [ video says more than a thousand words ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eswaptwdkxw ) , title means `` my beemar has got new wheels '' . 
  epic , ` murica will be proud . 
  so it 's quite the price difference . 
  same was said about poland-ukraine euro 2012 , nothing happened . 
  whoops , i thought he meant spain would veto scottish accession should scotland seek it after separating . 
  so good we stole your national anthem !,
