  used to play runescape a lot 2004-07 . 
  just 61.145 people from europe to north america , meanwile 3.576.727 from latin america . 
  i guess the american dream is finally dead to europeans . 
  feeling enriched ? 
  that would be my guess as well . 
  our distant hungarian cousins on the other hand are literally tripods . 
  the finns might have that one extra iq point on us but we have [ 1 millimeter longer dicks ] ( http://alphadesigner.com/wp-content/uploads/europe-according-to-penis-size.png ) . 
  i think we all know who the real winners are . 
  and yet it makes me think of schnappi the crocodile ... 
  it 's considered to be a part of the republic of cyprus * de jure * . 
  a part the state does not control because of a foreign power . 
  i wonder how the whole northern cyprus issue fits here . 
  you forgot feminist . 
   gun violence is not uncommon in sweden 's major cities it 's not ? 
  it should be noted that unlike the wwii gambles trying to find that perfect combination of protection , firepower , mobility and speed , characteristics of modern tanks from all over the world are very similar . 
  all weighing aprox . 
  50-60 + tons , armed with 120-125mm guns and doing 60-70 kph . 
  any discussion about which one is significantly better is essentially a military fanboys version of `` my dad can beat up your dad . '', 
  what matters more is the content of a tank - the electronics , optics , the guiding system , `` smart ammo '' etc. 
  and what really makes the difference is their part in the military doctrine and how they are used together with infantry , artillery , airforce etc. 
  perhaps there 's a firebomb set under his desk as a secondary prank ? 
  which makes them no worse than say spain . 
  former-pm berlusconi approves . 
  found the irish potato farmer . 
  much ado about nothing . 
  so pm hires an eye candy assistant , no proof of an affair or anything . 
  just because a girl posed topless years ago ( probably to pay for that college degree ) , means she should be considered a social pariah ? 
  bunch of prudes . 
  not enough 15 meter tall solid marble statues of horse mounted putin . 
  a part of me is genuinely ashamed for knowing who that is . 
  being on the run is a part of a prison break . 
  you 're not exactly home free after you escape . 
  and they got put into another prison later . 
  what made it shit was all the super-deep conspiracies , all the high-ranking politicians being corrupt to their eyeballs , the `` company '' etc. 
  the show would 've been much more realistic if it was just a smaller gang like a mafia with connections to maybe a couple of local mid-ranking politicians . 
  sounds like a made-up country from an american movie . 
  spring came early this year , no snow but it 's still rather chilly and windy . 
  as it did the last year come to think of it . 
  yay for global warming . 
  if memory serves the only regions where russians do n't have a landslide majority are the caucasus ( because they are scared of chechens ) and tatarstan ( but even tatars are mostly assimilated ) . 
  so all this talk about russia breaking up or whatever is complete nonsense . 
  a century of hardcore russification and massive population transfers and russia is more homogeneous than most european nations really . 
   vojvodina influence of greater hungary i take it ? 
  i have n't paid much attention to it but most men do n't . 
  personally i only do it if i 'm in a relationship or if it 's summer , otherwise cba . 
  still better than asians and their [ capsule hotels ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capsule_hotel ) . 
  we should do that with trains and people . 
  of course the helmets would be arranged nicely in lines ... :d, 
  i hope there 's at least one place called kurwa somewhere in a western slavic country . 
  [ tapa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tapa,_estonia ) , means * kill * in estonian . 
  coincidentally the smalltown is mostly known for hosting the country 's largest military base . 
  french : pomme - an apple pommes - fries where is the logic ? 
  you have more good things though , like being industrious , efficient and good at football . 
  estonians , the poor man 's germans . 
  * stubborn ( or determined , depends which way you look at it ) * pessimist * introvert * tech-savvy * drunk, 
  would never work , too different defense policies and priorities . 
  besides , what belongs to everyone , belongs to noone . 
  there are military alliances for that , if one day it wo n't be nato , it 'll be something else . 
  states with similar goals and interests have always formed alliances since the antiquity , they will continue to do so . 
  that is one very red bridge . 
  any reason behind the colours picked ? 
  fought long and hard ? 
  the people i 'm talking about are either russian colonists who occupied us or the locals who grew up during the soviet regime and were around 40 or older by the time we regained our independence and simply found themselves unable to change with the times . 
  neither sure as hell do n't deserve any respect . 
  at the very least you 'll try to look better . 
  soviet people lacked fashion sense ( the ones that grew up then still do ) and gave up on their looks after they had children . 
  hence all the overweight older people you see vs. slim young people . 
  this has changed now since we 're all obsessed with our looks and aging . 
  my local gym is full of soccer moms , a sight that would 've been impossible in the 1980s . 
  wonder how many of those 1m couples stayed together ... 
  might be good though . 
  if they make big gains now , the complacent mainstream parties might finally get off their arses , start addressing problems people care about and come up with decent programs before the presidential elections . 
  c'mon bro , do n't expose the rooskies to even more of tujurikkuja . 
  yeah and they all play semi-amateur football there . 
  i guess the outfit is mostly to keep the tradition alive and to help the marketing . 
  he mostly works in the old town where you have medieval houses that actually require a chimney sweep and people living there are wealthy enough to pay a little extra for a genuine old fashioned guy . 
  so now they will have entitled daughters of senior executives , their friends etc instead of their entitled sons . 
  big woof . 
  at least they have internet , rural italy has neither . 
  same here but without the innuendo . 
  so russian propaganda is using a several years old estonian satire sketch mocking the russian propaganda constructed ` baltics are nazi ' narrative . 
  same-sex marriage in britain but not northern ireland ? 
  colouring mistake or do they get to pass such laws independently ? 
  ok , thanks guys . 
  guess it makes sense since they are a country within a country after all . 
  tbh , i did n't even know there were such parliaments until the whole scottish independence campaign became an issue few years back . 
  one does not need to preserve an actual concentration camp in order to learn from history nor does keeping one necessarily mean that it 's owners have learned . 
  but like i said , that 's just my personal opinion . 
  i do n't advocate tearing them all down . 
  i actually have an unfortunate connection to perm . 
  my grandmother 's parents , her brother with his family and some other relatives were all killed in perm camps in 1941-42 . 
  personally , i could n't care less if that place remains open or not . 
  i do n't think keeping a whole camp like that as a museum somehow honours it 's victims memory , same with the nazi ones in poland . 
  there are special memorials , history books and living memories for that . 
  i certainly feel no urge to set my foot in one , i 'd burn these eerie places down to the ground . 
  besides it 's not like russia would ever allow justice to their victims or repent their actions , certainly not sincerely , so there really is no point in keeping such museums open . 
  the whole ` estonia is nordic ' national branding nonsense is blown out of proportion on reddit for some reason . 
  it 's nowhere near that big of an issue here . 
  what would russia today even want from our mod ? 
  still going crazy over those 4 american armored vehicles at our independence day parade last week ?
