  then again , it can be nepotism pure and simple . 
  the bit about him having finnish citizenship is interesting . 
  i do n't think it 's necessarily a bad idea . 
  if local residents with foreign citizenship can vote , then why not 16-18 y.o. ? 
  personally i see it more as a good and safe way to check youth knowledge of politics and voting activity , because quite frankly , municipal elections hardly matter . 
  estonia - so shit we did n't even make the list . 
   `` moreover , you can be called mohammed without being a practising muslim , '' he added . 
  and you can be called christian without being a practising christian . 
  as it is often the case these days . 
  the idea behind this odd census was obviously to figure out the ethnic makeup of his district rather how devout anybody was . 
  quite frankly i 'm more curious as to how did the front nationale win a mayor seat in a town that supposedly has minority majority ? 
  and how many of those are there ? 
  and i do n't even mean those who get rejected , i mean those that actually do get sent back . 
  because they can try and appeal for years and even after all their appeals have been exhausted , sending them back is difficult because they either lack documents , already have families here or just escape and repeat the process in next european country . 
  / r/europe just reflects current events , nothing more . 
  and yes , it has become more agitated but so has europe . 
  a couple of years ago we did n't have 1930s style anschlusses and war in ukraine or thousands of africans sinking in the mediterranean with countless more reaching their destination . 
  perpetually default threatened greece is already old news but still causes some tensions from time to time . 
  i see a mix of old soviet armour and some of israeli merkava/namer design features there . 
  the wheeled ifv looks more like the new western 8-wheeled afvs - boxer , patria amv and especially the vbci , rather than the btr family . 
  not sure if it 's a wise move to introduce so many different types of brand new vehicles at once when there are still so many different relatively modern designs in service . 
  the transition period is going to be long , very expensive and logistically challenging . 
  doubt she 's from syria , most syrians flee to turkey/greece , libya would be quite the detour . 
  most people coming from libya to italy are non-libyan africans who often actually earn the money they need for the boatride in libya because despite the supposed mess it 's still a much better economy than outrageously overpopulated sub-saharan africa . 
  i wonder what kind of a shell punches a hole like that through a concrete wall but leaves only minimal incendiary damage and all the furniture , plush toys etc inside the room intact . 
  britain has one of the few skyskrapers i actually like , it 's not the highest one you have though , the gherkin . 
  idk , i just think it looks cool . 
  did not get a call up . 
  : / is there a more accurate breakdown on how many professional soldiers/kaitseliit/reservists / allied troops there are among the 13k ? 
  surely it also largely depends on where the immigrants in question come from . 
  if it 's mexicans , then perhaps . 
  if it 's semi-illiterate africans from countries with insane unemployment rates , then probably not . 
   is it just 1st generation migrants ? 
  do people moving between eu countries count as migrants ? 
  yes and yes . 
  one simply ca n't equate the new world and the old in these matters . 
  canada and usa are former colonies , built by immigrants , whereas european nations ( a couple of federations aside ) are all built around a single , relatively homogeneous , ethnic group and culture . 
  that 's what makes france france , germany germany etc. 
  we do n't wish for this to be destroyed . 
  and taking massive amounts of immigrants , especially those from underdeveloped nations , leads to cross-ethnic tensions and all kinds of other problems because they fail to intergrate . 
  and while canada might claim multiculturalism , it is still expected that the immigrants assimilate into the northern-american anglophone culture ( or french in case of quebec ) , otherwise they will be disenfranchised just the same . 
  not to mention canada still only has a couple % of africans , not nearly as many as some european countries , nor facing such a rising tide of them . 
  plot twist : it was his own helmet . 
  does n't paint the whole picture . 
  * some countries already have large amounts of unintegrated offspring of immigrants on top of new immigrants , whereas others are relatively new to mass-immigration . 
  * some countries get most of their immigrants from countries with shared cultures and languages , such as switzerland , whereas others get immigrants from very distant cultures . 
  * russia might seem like it gets many immigrants but virtually all of them are ethnic russians/russified people returning from - stan countries , ukraine etc. 
  * oil rich arab states import most of their workforce but these people never become citizens and return to their home countries once they 've earned enough money . 
  the vid is a little bit iffy , i 'll grant you that . 
  it also says 4 tanks ( leopard 2 , challenger 2 , leclerc and ariete ) but out of those only the leopard is still in production with a handful of pending orders . 
  i think it 's eu designed and currently in production , leaving 3 ( eurofighter , gripen and rafale ) . 
  leaving out non-eu and older designs . 
  the only point is support is further equipment standardization and that has been happening for a while now , slowly but surely . 
  with pupils , hands and mouths , polandball purists wo n't be pleased . 
  we 're just 7 billion hairless apes , clinging on to a massive rock that orbits an even larger flaming ball of gas at high speed and none of us really know what any of this means . 
  do you feel content now ? 
  2nd/3rd/etc generation immigrant . 
  and it was n't me who came up with the term . 
  if you look different , speak a different language , follow a different religion , have different customs and views , those of your immigrant ancestors , then people will consider you to be an immigrant too , regardless of where you were actually born . 
  if you 're different , then you 'll be perceived as such . 
  nothing offensive about it , it 's simply a matter of fact . 
   how long do you stay an immigrant really ? 
  as long as one 's foreign features remain dominant . 
  those fears are somewhat justified . 
  according to this map we have some of the largest wolf population per capita . 
  we usually have several wolf attacks on farm animals every year , ca n't remember the last time a person was attacked though . 
  nonetheless from a financial pov wild boars digging up fields are a much greater nuisance than predators . 
  they just skip work , ca n't even be bothered to organize a strike . 
  depends on one 's pov , i reckon . 
  supporters of a rival clubs such lyon or marseille might be understandably dismayed but overall it raises the quality and profile of the french football league and betters france 's uefa coefficient . 
  it also encourages the owners of other clubs to raise the ante and invest more if they wish to remain competative . 
  * selling arms to arab nations ( that do n't invade anyone ) = no harm done to anyone and jobs and money for france . 
  * arabs buying psg = the french get to enjoy some nice football while arabs foot the bill for it . 
  hardly something to complain about . 
  damn , those are some crazy prices . 
  even with the missiles and pilot training costs , qatar will pay more than twice the amount of money per jet compared to previous orders . 
  but i reckon it 's easy when you have billions gushing out of your seabed . 
  i favour the death penalty . 
  in our society there are incarcerated people ( very few thankfully but nonetheless ) who have commited unfathomable heinous acts and possess no redeemable qualities whatsoever . 
  i firmly believe such people should be put down rather than letting them to live out the rest of their life on taxpayers ' expense , continuing to present a constant danger to their fellow man within the prison system , be it a prison officer , medic/staff member or fellow inmate . 
  however , as others have said , it 's not going to happen . 
  taking wages into account , turkey and romania have it roughest . 
  fairly obvious they would n't dare to actually target a sub . 
  antibiotics kill viruses as well as bacteria can honestly say i would n't have been able to give an answer with 100 % certainty if asked to this one . 
  czechs and slovaks , united in ~ ~ diversity ~ ~ beer . 
  would be like the austro-hungarian battleships in wwi where everyone is yelling at each other in 10 different languages . 
  seeing how massively china has been investing in africa , they might want to try introducing their 1 child policy . 
   a monument of danish shipcraft and engineering skills !, 
  with hull sections built in the baltics and armament and electronics from the us . 
  someone should make one of our glorious navy ... with all 4 of it 's tiny active duty ships . 
  yeah , the kind of dudes that need to pay . 
  to `` eggs '' and `` ham '' , i presume . 
  kazakhstan will be fine as long as it still has oil and some of the money trickles down to the people . 
  because hitler and the rest of nazi top brass never wanted a prolonged war with britain . 
  it cost them too much ( virtually cutting germany off global trade ) and there was no way to invade britain anyway as long as the island nation was guarded by a strong airforce and a massive navy . 
  after the operation seel\u00f6we fell through they just gave up trying alltogether and shifted their military resources east . 
  hence the constant peace offerings and appeasements such as allowing the dunkirk evacuation and decent treatment of pows - it 's difficult to make peace with someone after you 've savagely treated their prisoners . 
  many germans kept the hope of peace with britain ( and the west ) alive until the very end . 
  that 'll solve parking spot disputes ... 
  actually my bad , i did n't choose the 1 room flat option .
