  germany is only 1.5-3 times more expensive . 
  some people just learn to take their vip status for granted . 
  anywhere . 
  it appears that if i was to sell my 1 room flat in tallinn and move to berlin ... 
  i 'd find myself living on the streets . 
  to fill up the pockets of every pair of jeans i own . 
   i never really understood how you can be accidentally run over by a train . 
  i mean a train is n't exactly silent and train tracks are n't very broad , it just takes one step to get out of the way . 
  boggles my mind as well and unfortunately people getting run over by trains is something that happens over here too . 
  my parents house is in the suburbs and i used to cross railroad twice every day . 
  as children we would sometimes take shortcuts and cross in nondesignated areas but nothing ever happened on account of us not being complete idiots and checking the road . 
  seriously , how can you not see/hear a train ? 
  [ the train itself looks old and tired ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/24/us-macedonia-migrants-iduskbn0nf0jd20150424 ) . 
  doubt there was much he could have done . 
  so an average day in tallinn then ? 
  by jove , we finally beat finland at something !, 
  everyone party hard and drunk drive now !, 
  i like the first one . 
  maybe add an ushanka hat for the bear to wear and it would be perfect . 
  those russian dolls creep me out , so does putin . 
  the ones with the flame look like generic russian gas company logos . 
  relax , it was a jokey comment . 
  fluent : * estonian * english basic : * german - studied it in school but forgot a lot due to lack of practice . 
  * russian - can speak and read some but ca n't write in cyrillic . 
  would like to learn : * finnish and other finnic languages , at least to a certain degree . 
  * spanish, 
  underwater rugby , the sexual harasser 's sport of choice . 
  perhaps / u/ethernum is a shower , not a grower . 
  and martin ( after martin luther ) continues to be one of the most popular given names . 
  stubb 's smile is n't blinding the room so he must be grumpy . 
  think of all those poor finns with heart conditions trying to purchase nitro pills in iceland but ending up with viagra by mistake . 
  [ perhaps this will help . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=im3jzxlatus ), 
  i assume ireland is so high because it 's bouncing back from recession ? 
  that 's donetsk shakhtar . 
  would n't . 
  because if you live in poland where there are very few muslim immigrants you probably do n't actually know any muslims personally and all you hear about them in the media is the havoc they wreck on western european societies . 
  no pulp fiction references ? 
  muskets , swords , lances or plungers ? 
  witnessed someone actually being racially abused ? 
  people using racial epithets casually in all-white circles ? 
  all the time . 
  granted , the older one gets , the less frequently it seems to occure . 
  same here . 
  i 'd feel awkward being in a sauna with a female i 'm not intimate with . 
  guys is perfectly fine , even if you 're sweating buckets and sitting hip to hip . 
  this is a surprisingly good article on the subject , detailed yet not too long , not common in english language media . 
  however if i 'd have to nitpick , it 'd substitute the term `` voluntary apartheid '' with `` voluntary segregation '' . 
  it 's fine as long as there 's no face sitting or squirting . 
  because back in the 90s when mexico joined , it was probaby better off than romania . 
  since then it has only gotten worse , whereas romania has improved . 
  kept searching for latvia and lithuania . 
  long term population projections are seldom accurate . 
  migration rates and birthrates of future generations are near impossible to predict . 
  now they 'll know how using chatroulette feels !, 
  got 100 % however i would 've struggled with some if i had to spell them . 
  in that case , most european countries can just claim hitler/stalin . 
  not our ruler though . 
  if vi vil ever h\u00e4v junaited juropian federeishion den tis shud bi de \u00f6fizel l\u00e4nguidz . 
  frozen in quotation marks is correct . 
  they have like 10 + soldiers killed every year and last year azerbaijan also managed to [ down an armenian gunship ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/azerbaijan/11227676/azerbaijan-shoots-down-armenian-helicopter.html ) . 
  but because of geographical and geopolitical peculiarities , nobody really gives a fuck . 
  it 's a small place in virumaa , which is where most of my ancestors are from . 
  i guess if your last name ends in a vowel = italian . 
  even if you have pasty white skin and blondish hair . 
  11.8 % wow . 
  gongrats , hungary , you basically have a colony . 
  so much for being cold and emotionless , this guy is friendly and cheerful as fuck . 
  over a cup of coffee and learning english nonetheless . 
  you got to love him , i 'd buy him a drink . 
  i had this little conversation with an american guy adding me on facebook which i found very odd . 
   him : last name ? 
   me : sipria , s-i-p-r-i-a  him : uh , what 's that , italian ? 
   me : no , estonian , why would i be italian ? 
  we 're in estonia . 
   him : yeah i know but still , it could be tho ... 
  it went on for a little while like that , cut story short he genuinely thought all the ethnic groups in europe are scattered around randomly pretty much just like in the us . 
  actually it 's just called immigration . 
  to which there are entirely different sets of rules and procedures compared to those applied to refugees . 
  manned by former criminals and bastard sons donning black !, 
  too much moose and not enough coffee breaks , otherwise 10/10 . 
  the strong finnish accent is spot on . 
  except that 's not really asylum seeking now is it ? 
  you can smell the bullshit when 75-84 % of all applicants are male and minors are usually less than 10 % . 
  what ever happened to women and children first ? 
  will you post results here ? 
  i bet germany will win . 
  probably call the authorities . 
  i do n't have the connections to offload cocaine , weed maybe but not cocaine , and i 'd be worried that whoever it was that lost the shipment would track me down . 
  checked polandball right after this , nothing yet . 
  i 'll give it time . 
  agreed . 
  the term higher education has become rather loose by adding all those new easy majors any dummy can breeze through . 
  unfortunately , i know plenty of people who hold degrees yet manifest total ignorance regarding matters related to their fields of study . 
  quality  quantity . 
  a no name university shelling out bimbos with `` business manager '' degrees results in a more educated country , a quality trade school producing good mechanics brings the average down . 
  kind of , sort of ... 
  according to the originial definition , ireland and switzerland were third world , whereas mozambique and zimbabwe were first world . 
  so if we applied political allegiance as definition today , then yes . 
  economically , the better off former socialist countries - such as the czech republic - today are on par with the poorer western europe ( portugal , greece ) and have arguably better prospects ( less debts , faster growth ) .
