  blood is always thicker . 
  cursed if you do , cursed if you do n't . 
  in the navy !, 
  come on and join your fellow man !, 
  in the navy !, 
  not surprising . 
  prague is easily the most beautiful , vibrant and affordable city in the region . 
  has everything but coastline and beaches . 
  they only claim asylum in hungary because many of them are caught there . 
  the usual ` balkan route ' is greece/fyrom/serbia - hungary - austria - germany - ( maybe sweden ) . 
  hungary just happens to be the first country that does a relatively good job at catching them . 
  relax , mogherini wants permission , not help . 
  if european armed forces are n't capable of destroying old rust buckets used to smuggle people europe might as well disband it 's armed forces alltogether . 
  which probably and hopefully is the case this time . 
  not a fan of ekre by any means but he did n't steal , he found a phone someone had lost and tried to sell it . 
  certainly to a degree but nowhere near prostitution and drugs . 
  it 's called shadow economy for a reason . 
  they do in countries where prostitution is state regulated . 
  loads of people live poor without turning to crime or extremism . 
  why should a random african that comes to their country be entitled to more ? 
  besides , you 're overdramatizing what i said . 
  it does n't have to be a roach infested bed , surely they can clean after themselves or is it asking too much ? 
  no , it 's to weed out the economic migrants from real asylum seekers . 
  if you 're supposedly coming for safety you 'll be satisfied with not having to fear for your life , if you 're after welfare benefits you are not an asylum seeker . 
  i tend to agree . 
  unless you have legalized , state regulated and taxed prostitution/drugs like in germany or netherlands they should n't be added . 
  not because they 're `` bad '' but because you have only a very crude estimate of these sectors . 
  i prefer financial statistics relying on hard data . 
  western european countries did n't fuck africa up ( not in recent times anyway ) , africans fucked africa up . 
  most of them have been independent for over 50 years now , that 's more than enough time to get your shit together . 
  but instead they keep on having children they could never support and electing and putting up with one crazy leader after another . 
  i 'll agree with the part that large amounts of africans would never integrate in eastern europe . 
  as a result of colonialism , most africans speak french or english and even they fail to intergrate in the uk/france . 
  having to learn an obscure language on top of massive cultural differnces is a recipe for disaster . 
  hungary is one of the first eu countries you come across if you take the balkan route . 
  and they can still move to richer european countries later , after they get some of their papers in order . 
  i 'm not from saaremaa but i too thought of kuressaare even before seeing your post . 
  essentially , our urban landscapes represent our shitty history . 
  while you can find truly beautiful districts and neighbourhoods in most estonian towns , most will also have neighbourhoods consisting of run-down commie blocks and trying to improve them is like putting lipstick on a pig . 
  but still able to beat greece at football !, 
  more like a blue water patrol boat . 
  it lacks greater firepower such as missiles and antisubmarine weapons , present on a corvette . 
  and how many millions is that ? 
  when will it end ? 
  there are more africans than there are europeans and their birth rates are several times higher . 
  we 're all witnessing the troubles that coping with large amounts of migrants causes and the strains it puts on society right now . 
  troubles that these countries would never be exposed to had they not taken in so many immigrants . 
  furthermore , if taking these immigrants in is such a good thing then why some of you are so desperate to dump them on someone else ? 
  and i happen to live in one of the most immigrant-laden countries in the world , having escaped being drowned out in our own country just few decades ago . 
  this is not a solution either , you wo n't fix the world 's problems by taking in endless streams of poor and uneducated people from foreign cultures . 
  you 'll just submit your own country to the same squalor and violence one neighbourhood at a time . 
  geography prevents you from having enemies other than the uk . 
  and while you 've had a troubled history with the uk it 's exactly that - history . 
  one that 's not going to repeat itself . 
  it 's sad how one guy manages to ruin a perfectly good name that 's been in use for centuries . 
  should 've been a more patriotic dane and gone with jaime lannister . 
  we do n't have that many unique names . 
  most estonian names are estonianized versions of bible/germanic names . 
  some of the old historic names are also shared with other finnic peoples . 
  estonian given names are also often short ( ago , alo , anu , ene , uku , uno ) or vowel-laden ( meelis , paavo , peep ) which i do n't really like . 
  the worst female given name is probably kr\u00f5\u00f5t which is pretty much fallen out of use . 
  some of the ones i like are kalev , kaupo , raivo , reigo . 
  so you ca n't be interested in politics if you 're from vietnam ? 
  germany is the 4th largest economy in the world so merkel is fairly relevant no matter where you live . 
  however i find politicians facebook profiles quite dull , uniformative and usually obviously just made because at this day and age you are expected to have social media accounts . 
  i only follow a few ( estonian ) politicans myself who are genuinely into it and sometimes post stuff the local media has n't caught up to yet . 
  lmao , you 're actually getting downvoted for this . 
  at least he survived , the inventor of the first `` real '' [ flying car ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ave_mizar ) was n't so lucky . 
  should 've just put soviet union proper , in 1939 borders . 
  can kosovo be an issue though ? 
  the eu does n't really meddle in territorial disputes . 
  there are even several eu member states that do n't recognize kosovo ( they all have obvious self-serving reasons not to but still ) . 
  during the russian empire baltics were ruled * de facto * by baltic germans , most balts went through their entire lives without as much as seeing a single russian . 
  pardon my ignorance but do these targets matter in the slightest ? 
  if you do n't reach it , then what ? 
  i 've also noticed how many germans seem to think they 're italian or french now and name their children mario or andr\u00e9 ( seriously , you do n't even use the acute ) . 
  friedrich , theodor , wolfgang and wilhelm just do n't seem cool enough anymore . 
  * we * most certainly did n't , brits did though . 
  ... world wars ? 
  do n't think so . 
  mistranslation by german source perhaps . 
  except birth rates . 
  and that is how refugees look like . 
  large camps full of mostly women and children in the closest safe country ( in this instance , turkey ) , carrying what little belongings they managed to take with them . 
  not endless boatloads of young , able-bodied men coming from countries where they do n't have anything going for them because they all keep having 6-8 children despite often lacking even the most basic necessities . 
  * the whole point of this country is that if you want to eat garbage , balloon up to 600 pounds and die of a heart attack at 43 , you can !, 
  you are free to do so . 
  to me , that 's beautiful . 
  spain is the florida of europe . 
  100 years ago we were fighting a world war . 
  millions of men dead or sent to the frontlines and women pulling extra shifts at factories might have had something to do with it . 
  the classic answer would be [ truth and justice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/truth_and_justice ) . 
  it 's a ** ton ** of reading but i 've read them all . 
  it can get rather tediously depressing especially in first volumes but gets a lot more interesting when we reach the 1920s and 1930s . 
  all my favourite books are set in 1920s-30s ( i.e. 
  such a fascinating era imo . 
  * nii hea * means * so good * in estonian . 
  so yes , pass the fries , please . 
  i guess only the people who actually follow the russian league and have seen him play can answer this . 
  in a way of course it must suck to have people questioning your every achievement because you happen to have a rich and influential father .
