  so again , yes . 
  however the stigma of having been in the russian `` sphere of influence '' still persists . 
  some great moustaches there , kaiser wilhem and king george of greece tied for # 1 . 
  and ladyboys instead of window prostitutes !, 
  at least we wo n't have to send our peacekeepers to the other side of the world now . 
  from probably the most developed small island nation to least so . 
  estonia - gabun ( gabon i take it ) . 
  do n't really know what to make of it . 
  means aubameyang from dortmund borussia is now ours , so there 's that ... 
  should it be odd that such notions do n't faze me in the slightest anymore ? 
  did n't the creole people come from french colonists `` having fun '' with the natives ? 
  in estonia we have these in history textbooks . 
  it 's those eerie tragic-looking statues . 
  loved all the little fishing vessels . 
  wait a little longer , you 're getting two new ones . 
  much bigger ones . 
  from what i understand it 's not a part of the manouvers , they 're returning from them . 
  except instead of loading the vehicles on train platforms like usually , they decided to drive all the way back , making short stops along the way greeting the locals . 
  it 's blown out of proportion , that 's what it is . 
  it 's not even that big of a column , not even a full regiment . 
  the media ( on both sides ) is just going crazy in wake of latest russian anschlusses . 
  for comparison in 2007 and 2009 an entire british aircraft carrier group visited tallinn , it went down quietly not to say unnoticed . 
  imagine the media hysteria if it happened now . 
  meh , expected results really . 
  if anything , south american votes are a positive surprise . 
  i 'll elaborate . 
  the east coast and new york in particular has always been the place for more conservative/less adventurous european off-the-boaters . 
  1st generation usually do n't wander futher west . 
  also new york is where they have a small but rather active [ estonian american ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civic_club_/_estonian_house ) community . 
  my cousin actually visited and did some work with them when writing her thesis , so i know a little bit about them and if i 'd live in the usa i 'd want to be near . 
  i know this might not be in the spirit of this subreddit but probably the usa . 
  preferably somewhere along the east coast , depending on what i could afford . 
  it would be the easiest to integrate and america so diverse that there really is something for everyone over there . 
  do n't really like these maps and ratings . 
  first of all , they are abstract - the term ` boss ' is very loose , it can be a manager of a fortune 500 company or a manager of a neighbourhood beauty/tanning salon . 
  second , there 's a line from where on this obsession with gender equality becomes unhealthy and starts to inflame tensions between the sexes . 
  men are also massively over-represented in physically demanding , dangerous and dirty jobs like construction , mining , waste management , military etc but somehow that 's not a problem at all . 
  it 's only the cushy prestigious high-paying jobs where we need gender equality . 
  ah yes , the story overprotective parents from all over europe use to discourage their children from taking that one semester abroad . 
  no we wo n't . 
  balkan football hooliganism is n't exactly a new thing and it has n't transferred to other international competitions . 
  besides , football and eurovision cater very different groups of people . 
  not that good of a bait , will not bite . 
  looks like there are disproportionately many idiots among young females . 
  perhaps it 's because they know brits do n't do the greet-kiss and they do n't want to make you feel weird . 
  once on the cheek ( sometimes but not always ) , applies only to : my mother , close female friends , my brother , my good cousin . 
  a total of maybe 15-20 people . 
  by estonian standards that 's a lot of affection . 
  yes , those two . 
  american football fanbase is pretty much non-existent over here but the local sports news still provide plenty of media coverage so i know about them . 
  from what i 've gathered they 're not very good overall . 
  hunt is a beast though given his size and speed . 
  he used to represent the national athletics team in his youth , then discovered american football . 
  and i see roos is retired now . 
  so it 's like hailing a taxi ? 
  because the european team would n't even know how to play it . 
  come to think of it , i know there are at least a couple of ethnic estonian players in the nfl , there are bound to be other europeans as well . 
  no idea how good/rubbish they are but an us vs. eu all-stars game could be fun . 
  team eu would get wrecked obviously but still . 
  aww :3 looks like the former dominions all went for the same style - a navy blue circle around a red national symbol ( maple leaf , kangaroo , kiwi ) . 
  latvia and finland had adopted the swastika before anyone even knew who the nazi party or hitler were . 
  actually wonder could they 've gotten the idea from them . 
  now those are words one has n't seen in the same sentence for a while . 
  they 're the right kind of fascists , the anti-american/western kind . 
  i was talking only about airliners actually owned by german companies . 
  but yes , obviously germans have also been killed flying other commercial airlines . 
  just looked it up , the last time a german airliner crashed was in 1966 with 46 casualties so this is the greatest aviation disaster ever for germany . 
  liquid bread . 
  for a supper there sure does n't seem to be a whole lot of eating going on ... 
  curiously enough , the [ scouts battalion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scouts_battalion ) actually owes its existence to an estonian american . 
  also you have the former east germany , which is still only recovering from the socialist rule much like the rest of eastern europe . 
  there is a lot of discussion about it over and the only answer the public seems to know is : `` give us more money '' . 
  i think that 's wrong . 
  do n't get me wrong , im not saying more money would n't help raising kids , it certainly would . 
  just like it would help with anything else - hell , i ca n't think of a single aspect of my life that would n't be improved if someone threw money at it but when it comes to children then there is just much more to it than just money . 
  how many of us can honestly say that they consider themselves to be at an age , in a good rock-solid relationship and are ready to be in it for the long haul but just do n't have the money to raise children ? 
  generations today simply are n't wired like that . 
  many of us have shifted towards two separate extremes . 
  the first simply find the idea of having a family unappealing , they might even be in a relationship and well off financially but would rather just extend their youth , travel and see the world rather than get bogged down with a couple of kids . 
  for others the idea of a family has become extremely romanticized and idealized and finding such a perfect partner ( who would also reciprocate your feelings ) has become nearly impossible . 
  and coming back to money . 
  you do n't really need that much money to raise a kid but we think we do because our expectations have grown . 
  if we drop the high expectations and the urge to appear to be better , raising your children suddenly becomes a lot cheaper : children 's clothing is expensive ... only when you shop at the expensive stores , you can dress your child up for less than a tenner at your local second-hand store ( minus the shoes ) . 
  sports practice , dancing and music lessons , hobbies etc are all expensive ... but your child does n't really need them . 
  here is a football , take it and go play with other children at the playground . 
  university tuition fees are exorbitant ... so do n't go there . 
  trade school and your child can start making money on his own right away . 
  that 's how the previous - mostly working class - families did it , and that 's how the population grew . 
  the society today almost demands us to be more successful than our parents and to demonstrate our success . 
  so we decide to postpone our potential families until we are sure we will be able to provide for them fully . 
  i actually know about the ` old school ' runescape and you can still play classic too if you 're a member . 
  unfortunately you have to start from scratch and i just do n't have the time nor the will for that . 
  come home from school , have a sandwich , go up and play runescape until dinner . 
  that was my routine . 
  actually enjoyed it a lot how deep it got with clans and i made some really good friends too . 
  also it did n't need that much of attention while skilling so i 'd chat with friends online , watch tv series , even do homework while say fishing , cooking etc. 
   i do n't think i 'll ever match the hours i sunk in to that game . 
  perhaps when you 'll be old and retired . 
  what 's so bad about serbia you have to claim asylum ? 
  seriously , the war is long over .
