  it 's not a coincidence that the netherlands ( location of largest freight port in the eu ) has been leading the effort to block ro and bg from schengen . 
  a few years of the rest of schengen enjoying the economic benefits of borderless freight transportation, 
  the big deal is economic benefits coming from reduced transit times of freight romania is not really on the path from greece to central europe so smuggling should me very limited bulgaria is a lot more exposed but they did build a fence / wall, 
   uk : this is a mess , we need a two speed europe in order to fix and reform things to ensure long term success of the european project . 
  it was more like the uk wanted cherry-picking , nothing to do with two speed europe a two speed europe will still have free movement of people and richer countries being net contributors to the eu budget - otherwise the common market does n't make sense, 
  i 'm afraid the whole `` those who want more do more '' scenario is just rhetoric . 
  just because a country will want do keep up with the speed of integration will not mean it will be allowed to . 
  this is what happened to schengen , romania and bulgaria 's admission is now postponed indefinitely despite meeting all technical requirements for years and clearly expressing intent to join . 
  it wo n't change much for individuals expect make it a little bit easier to cross borders as romanians and bulgarians already have the right to travel and work in the eu but the whole thing gets tangled with populism and core members are reluctant to agree because they fear populists at home . 
  `` those who want more do more '' will probably give the core members the power to block countries like romania from integrating further due to political / ideological reasons . 
  willingness will not help much , just like in the case of schengen . 
  juncker seems to be sure , he signed the document, 
   russia now has internet trolls that is by far the most annoying . 
  it 's a wider problem actually . 
  cold war propaganda in present days is most hypocrite - even china is better than that . 
   population of 24 million that number is quite doubtful, 
  nice !, 
   natos accounting standard would be fascinating to read , do you have a link ? 
  it would be amazing to have a secret accounting standard, 
  better question is how can it be done quickly ? 
   europeans look at the us for the next decades trump is n't lifetime leader like putin , worst case he goes home after 4 years, 
  so romania is now the 3rd poorest country in eu , quite an upgrade, 
  the single currency is only partly to blame for unemployment and low economic growth, 
  doing better than the uk lately though, 
  maybe both ? 
  a `` fair '' deal is enough `` costly and as painful '' as it is , no reason to make it even more so, 
   what i mean is that during brexit the eu does get smaller , but the uk does not it 's just word play , the remaining eu members ' economies will not get smaller either, 
  no it 's not 15 + new members since 1990 and one exit does not make a trend, 
  you are using a double standard in assessing the implications , it 's quite obvious the uk will suffer more eu loses 20 % of its market , uk loses 80 % eu as a block will be 20 % smaller but uk loses 80 % of its negotiating position the uk economy was never more of an `` eu economy '' than the eu economy was a `` uk economy '' uk is also much more dependent on exports to eu than eu is dependent on exports to uk as great as the uk is it is still small compared to the eu, 
  by that standard the uk will be losing 80 % of its market / economy, 
  he was actually given a pretty good deal i 'm quite sure the media would have been hysteric about it no matter what the actual deal was, 
  the united nations has been telling everyone to accept refugees , time to get out of the wto then, 
  with that attitude you 'll soon be accusing non-eu trade partners of `` telling you what to do '', 
  nah just lower corporate income tax and give incentives and everything will be fine / s, 
  he 's like this policeman making outrageous comments in the media , publishing books etc. 
  but somehow manages to not get fired never really understood how it works, 
  eur/usd was 0.84 for some time in 2001 , its 1.07 now which is far from lowest, 
  euro or ecu used to be lower than usd at one time so it 's still far from lowest ever, 
   36x faster population growth easy there, 
  actually the takeaway is to pay close attention to confidence levels and error margins of surveys , especially when the surveys are close, 
  right wing populist party ? 
  funny how most people think the euro is a good thing but they are also afraid to publicly defend the euro for fear of some conspiracy or fringe-economics adept spewing bullshit, 
  technically it 's eurasia-africa, 
  then maybe trump has been doing a terrible job at communicating with european leaders ? 
  on the other hand he seems to be communicating with putin just fine, 
   and then what do you do people who make such claims have no idea how it development actually work and what it takes to automate a process and keep it up to date with the business requirements and the legal framework automation will advance but at a slow rate and there will be no sudden switch this will give people time to adapt and demand and supply will align itself to the new technology and market , this has been the case for over 100 years and there is no reason it will stop, 
   once automation is fully implemented if it 's not politically motivated than why are some people trying so hard to implement ubi now ? 
  we are so far off from total automation that it 's way too early to discuss ubi . 
  if full automation is ever achieved it wo n't be within the next decades . 
  nah he just found out about [ these ] ( http://image.stirileprotv.ro/media/images/600x375/jul2017/61897652.jpg ), 
  maybe it 's because they know the uk lacks the capacity to do all this checks and it would result in huge delays ? 
   also , being as it system savvy as you claim contesting my knowledge on this topic is the last straw , not going to go any further than this post . 
  ponzi schemes always have vocal supporters because these schemes actually work ( in terms of [ real ] cash return ) to early adopters or seem to work in the long term for people participating in the pre-crash period . 
  they thrive on clients who actually believe in a proposition that seems to be too good to be true , but when they finally go bust these supporters just scatter off . 
  i just hope you are not too invested in this scheme and if you are i urge you to look at the matter more carefully . 
  volatility alone should scare you off if all other does n't . 
   nobody can just randomly start printing bitcoins so its superior in this regard to begin with . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  ultimately it 's a matter of trust and a system designed by an anonymous person having no oversight should have less trust than the us government  currently crypto currencies are rather tiny compared to the big currencies but if bitcoins market cap were as big as the usd or eur ? 
  the whole world would be behind it and nothing to do with countries . 
  ponzi shemes usually stay small  you might be interested to learn that if the code is broken ( sha256 ) then conventional banking is equally screwed . 
  no , it 's not . 
  i know quite a lot about banking it systems . 
  sha256 is often used to remotely access customer accounts through internet banking applications but the core banking system has nothing to do with that and there are layers upon layers of security protecting that . 
  there are a lot of redundancies in place for such a scenario . 
   as hardware gets better , miners buy new hardware for their own profits , pretty simple . 
  that 's a flaw because it is a risk for the valuation of the currency . 
  a currency must by definition be able to preserve value . 
  is somebody produces an incredibly efficient gpu the price will crash by market forces . 
  and btw it is completely environmentally unfriendly to produce bitcoin . 
  you are basically producing a lot of waste and burning incredible amounts of energy for no good reason . 
  conventional currency has a lot smaller impact on the environment . 
   the founder ( s ? ), 
  reserved 1000 btc for himself . 
  that is around 2 million eur today well i read somewhere that he got 1,000,000 in bitcoins so that would actually make it 2 billion usd ? 
  and besides it 's quite pointless to look at how much he `` reserved '' , every early adopter who mined for himself could have potentially gotten richer . 
   there is little desire for a citizen of country a to see their currency go to the shitter . 
   why is that ? 
  i personally have 0 loyalty to the euro . 
  i mean i like that i can use it all around the eu and other single market benefits that are associated with it but if suddenly the euro were to experience mass inflation , i 'd have no reservations about switching to something else . 
  most people do n't want their currency go to shit because they have savings and jobs paying in real money, 
   that is entirely meaningless , they are currencies , not put contracts . 
  if some countries currency goes to shit , the locals are just going to start using some other currency , just like so many underdeveloped countries unofficially using the us dollar for example . 
   the reason why euro and the us dollar are considered relatively stable is not because of the country ( ies ) that came up with them but rather the amount of value flowing through them and the amount of people and industry behind them . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  money has value because it is issued by a trustworthy country which has proven to be responsible in managing the monetary mass ( i.e. 
  not printing currency like crazy to pay off debt ) and is likely to continue to do so in the future . 
  the more powerful in terms of military and influence and also the more economically stable a country is it become less likely that they will undergo a significant economic crisis where they have to start printing money to devalue their currency . 
  the usd has the us behind and the euro has the eurozone contries behind it . 
  what does bitcoin have behind ? 
  some anonymous chinese guy and a bunch of it technicalities and buzzords . 
  and its scarcity is based on the idea that the code will not be somehow broken and that graphics cards will not become significantly more powerful in the future . 
  it is a ponzi scheme in the sense that the founder ( s ) get filthy rich by mining easy at the beginning and then selling currency to other people , early adopters can make money as more and more people want to get in and the value goes up but at some point almost everyone loses when people finally realize there is no value in bitcoin . 
  except the founders and very early adopters who will already have huge amounts of real money in their bank account . 
   most bitcoin exchanges are regulated - they are not like the darknet markets you seem to be referencing . 
  who regulates them ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hr4hp_-ksi ), 
  going to throw up, 
  the summit is not already set to take place in turkey , the decision is to be made in june . 
  there is no `` cancelling '' of anything read the article .
