  so you are labeling them `` far right '' just because you do n't like them . 
  the purpose of calling them `` far-right '' seems to be to make them unelectable and to keep them outside the democratic process . 
  is n't that a bit authoritarian ? 
  so what exactly makes it far-right except the left and far left calling it that ? 
  the right could just as easily call everyone else socialist / communist / bolshevik / stalinist or whatever . 
  wwi and wwii ? 
  germany has a history of warmongering and extremism with an imperialist fetish which manifests as being welcoming to middle eastern migrants nowadays . 
  fr and uk also have a history of putting germany in its place . 
  germany is not `` the '' center of influence , its is just one of a few . 
  the same things could be said about cutting funding for eastern european countries . 
  the eu budget is approved until 2020 and there is no link to `` accepting migrants '' , conditioning funds based on migration policy would be totally illegal and against the purpose of the eu budget . 
  cuttings funds also leads to awful things you know ? 
  why would it then be ridiculous for eastern europe to suspend free trade with germany ? 
  stop acting as if germany owns the eu or eastern europe . 
  the eu budget is for implementing cohesion policies and not a bribe for accepting migrants from the middle east . 
  everyone jumps to tomatoes when it comes to this topic . 
  indeed , there is great variability in tomatoes but differences in other vegetables / fruit are much less noticeable . 
  this needs to stop . 
  in that case every woman in the car , perhaps even one car behind and one ahead , were sexually assaulted in that instance . 
  yes but what if you decide to put a mobile radar station just outside the projected range of any a2g weapons or anti-radiation missiles those planes would be likely to carry . 
  a 2.19 km violation could mean that it gives those aircraft the opportunity to strike your radar station and thus pose a threat to a strategic installation . 
  that 's why you have borders and airspace . 
  also curv\u0103, 
  lost 6kg since 1 january wohoo, 
  fat protein and carbs edit : and alcohol , 
  makes sense but representatives are elected . 
  sometimes english speaking ability is not a top criterion when people vote . 
  unfortunate but it would be undemocratic to prohibit people from running because they do n't speak english . 
   reform plans were too challenging for current diesel models and could threaten technology as a whole , jeopardising jobs across the region diesel car sales would just switch to gas . 
  why would there be loss of jobs ? 
  overall demand for new cars would be roughly equal . 
  alternatives to paying more for immigrants or to merkel ? 
  i understand that merkel is totally irreplaceable and there is no man or woman in germany who is capable of succeeding her but why not pay less for the migrants to deter them from coming ? 
  they really need to kick out of schengen whatever country can not guard its borders until a hard core is formed , even if that means building walls . 
  one a country proves it can guard its borders they can be re-admitted . 
  [ a lot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l91isfcuzdw ), 
  you do n't need to seal the med route . 
  just seal the land border in the balkans and they will stop coming to greece at some point because they will realize it 's pointless . 
  wo n't stay in greece or balkans , they will just go back . 
  what do you mean border security is meaningless ? 
  bring down the walls and disband all border patrols between us and mexico and see what happens . 
  if someone threatens with suicide unless you give them your wallet would you do it ? 
  ok , perhaps you would once or twice but after one or two years you would be sick of it and just tell them to fuck off . 
  theoretically think east and west germany while west germany was an eu member . 
  did n't even ask i think . 
  the us seems to pivot towards wherever there is trouble . 
  the focus on asia has been a trend due to issues there but now eastern europe is back in focus . 
  the russians have significantly strengthened the black sea fleet and crimea in general 2015 and strategically for nato the only possible answer to that is to strengthen the area stretching from the baltics to bulgaria . 
  its like a classic cold war arms race . 
  poland has done its job very well in this respect in the last few years and romania is also increasing its military spending . 
  you ca n't just assume that the ships `` would be doing nothing '' or would be destroyed in 3 seconds because you read some russian propaganda about some magic missile from the 60s which has probably never been used in war . 
  having a strong aa and asw capability is crucial in the black sea . 
  besides , i thing the russian threat in ee is much more real than china invading taiwan or japan or something . 
  that 's mostly rhetoric behind the rising right wing at the height of the economic crisis 6-7 years ago you were n't seeing populists being elected, 
  so what you are saying is cut taxes ( government income ) while at the same increasing spending, 
  it 's leftist liberals pretending identity does not matter ( among others ) that has caused all this . 
  they have pushed and annoyed the right wing too much and they have awaken fascism . 
  the harder they will push the stronger the right will become . 
  i am a moderate and this is so obvious . 
  there 's like a 80 % overlap so it 's close enough, 
  seems the ec announced in [ july ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-16-2371_en.htm ) that ceta is a mixed deal as the form of the agreement was getting close to final the commision 's decision is likely a formal step after agreement from the council, 
  i believe it is the commission who decids but most trade deals have been mixed agreements so far, 
  what makes you think it was `` so important '' , it was just one of many other deals with a medium sized country, 
  not if it 's a [ mixed agreement ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2012/june/tradoc_149616.pdf ), 
  the corporate income tax rate does n't mean much in a lot of countries because there are so many exceptions and waivers and private tax deals done with local tax authorities that you can bring the effective tax rate to 1-2 % or even 0 % . 
  especially if it 's an spv / holding company type of structure . 
  having a common corporate income tax framework would make a lot of sense . 
  countries would still be able to change the tax rate while applying the framework . 
   approx . 
  41 aircraft [ 4 ]  fixed wing ; 12 \u00d7 su-33 fighters ( current ) 20 \u00d7 mig-29k / kub fighters ( future ) [ 5 ] 4 \u00d7 sukhoi su-25utg / ubp trainers  rotary wing ; 4 \u00d7 kamov ka-27ld32 helicopters 18 \u00d7 kamov ka-27pl helicopters 2 \u00d7 kamov ka-27ps helicopters all unable to land through the smoke , 
  yes , they have very good peering as well as excellent speeds , that 's the point, 
  of course it 's not going to be the same speed but it 's still insanely fast i get 300-400 mbits to servers in western europe and 50-100 to servers in the us i was actually talking to a friend who lives in the uk and we were amazed that i get a faster connection speed to his isp 's server in the uk than he does as a client living nearby and paying multiples of what i pay if you have a 50 mbit connection in western europe you will barely get 5-10 to us, 
  the economic border in that area is actually the eu border , i 'm sure they will not try to avoid going through german waters so in a sense this is euro-nationalism right ? 
  there are places with poor options for public transportation everywhere in europe , what 's your point ? 
  i 've heard threats regarding the german auto industry , from seceral mps, 
  delaying brexit and backtracking on a number of key issues has decreased uncertainty right now it 's business as usual except the uk has lost a lot of influence inside the eu the sound economic reasons have been explained over and over , you just do n't want to accept them, 
  no they just delayed the brexit , never expected it to take one year before giving the official notice , recession is just delayed - like the brexit the sound economic reason is still there, 
  danubian hillbilly, 
  well since i have n't expressed any views regarding the king 's actions in wwii or after in this thread it 's kind of hard to disagree is n't it ? 
  there are generally two kinds of romanians who hold that view : - people influenced by communist propaganda who claimed the king left the country with a train full of gold and valuables and of course he is evil , privileged , represents old social structures where the working people are opressed etc. 
  ( marxism ) - fans of the late fascist marshall antonescu who was overthrown by the king in 1944 ( typical depiction of the king is coward and/or traitor ) unfortunately 70-80 % of romanians seem to fall into one of the two categories, 
  people view it as a battle cry because it usually comes up in the media when something bad has happened . 
  what is wrong with that ? 
  yes but pulling them out made it much worse , bad decision, 
   cease all international military engagements in the middle east , and stop meddling in their political sphere ( by-proxy regime changes etc ) . 
  how would that help in any way ? 
  taking troops out of iraq was a major indirect contributor to the rise of isis if you leave those countries alone they will probably consolidate into an isis super state , run over israel and then start an invasion of europe , full jihad , like the middle ages, 
  you just make them an offer they ca n't refuse because they are so special, 
  no proof and totally irrelevant if you name your country we can then look at the human rights record and see who 's better though, 
  more like left wing ideology trying to create an imaginary enemy in the `` far right '' how can it be `` far right '' to praise israel ? 
  you sure the russian would do the same ? 
  haha it 's funny how brexiters seem to think it 's ok to put pressure for the dismantling of the eu and wishing the union will fail however it 's unacceptable for others to wish scotland independence it 's a race to the bottom i guess , if uk politicians keep acting this way there is nothing stopping eu officials to push for the dismantling of the uk hopefully in 15 years little england will realize what they have done, 
  i do n't think that 's acceptable for the eu . 
  from that point on every opposition party would play the brexit card in every elections , pressure would mount etc. 
  put political pressure to have a 2nd referendum to decide it once and for all , maybe worded more wisely to see what course the uk should take ( eea , trade only goods , total isolationism ) ? 
  uncertainty and expectations to leave the eu can not continue forever . 
  colonialism ? 
  no funding for experts, 
  they probably can , the problem is they want an economic union with free movement of goods , services and capital only . 
  people only one way , or maybe cherry pick countries which can travel/work in the uk .
