   the system of rules governing this election have formed over a long period of years whereas this may be true when talking about the uk , it 's more complicated in most eu countries the current political systems and constitutions of countries like france , germany , italy and eastern europe are relatively recent , spain 's system is younger than the eu itself, 
  but ttip is evil ... 
  it 's kind of too late anyway . 
  even if they somehow manage to keep the uk in the eu confidence has already been lost , who knows who will win the next elections and what referendums they will have in the future . 
  best bet is to move to frankfurt , at least you know that if germany leaves the eu then there is no more eu . 
  all that can be done at this point is to slow down the move . 
  you would be surprised of how much of it is eu related, 
  financial services companies who have a license and operate in an eu country can offer services in any orher eu country with relative ease because their license is still valid . 
  that 's why there are dodgy financial companies in cyprus for example . 
  if uk leaves companies lose their eu `` passport '' and would have to either have a license for every service from every country ( almost impossible for a number of reasons ) or just move to another eu country like ireland or germany or nl etc. 
  if you move your license to another country you also need substance / operations in that country so even if they could keep some ops in uk it would be difficult and expensive . 
  beat business decision in this case would be to just move almost al hq and backoffice from uk . 
  i think barclays and rbs have been explaining this for quite some time but it was labeled as scaremongering . 
  also think of all the non-eu companies like us banks and funds who decided to enter the european market through the uk because this gave them the eu license and london was the place to be . 
  it nakes no sense for them to stay if their license is useless in the eu . 
  you have to realise you are dealing with a 27 strong economic union . 
  it 's not only about de and fr . 
  uk mainly exports to eastern europe for example and these countries used to get working rights in return . 
  no eu immigration - no deal . 
  de and fr export way more to eastern europe and other member states . 
  you ca n't cherry pick free movement of goods and capital only and leave out workers . 
  you make it sound like anti establishment is a good thing . 
  ni leaving uk is also anti establishment . 
  and it can also be because the government ( british ) will fail to listen to fears about leaving the eu . 
  this is one big can of worms . 
  meanwhile in [ china ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-f2tbmi1adow/u44doegx6fi/aaaaaaaaduw/a1en2q2liy0/s1600/china.gif ), 
  it 's textbook whataboutism , an appeal to hypocrisy pointing out events or actions in the western world in order to somehow diminish the moral merits of the claims . 
  typical cold war tactics which never lead to anything constructive . 
  just imagine sharing a flat with a russian guy and someday he shits in your bed while you are away . 
  it 's clear it was him , he first tries to deny it and finally he resorts to whataboutism . 
  like `` remember when you pissed in the bed of your roommate back in college ? 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fleet_in_being ), 
  [ this ] ( http://www.defensenews.com/story/defense/show-daily/sea-air-space/2015/04/12/russia-black-sea-mediterranean-navy-fleet-crimea-sevastopol/25477449/ ) in the next few years , the black sea fleet will be joined by four improved kilo-class diesel-electric submarines ; two were delivered last year . 
  by 2017 , the surface fleet will be reinforced with six talwar-class frigates , barabanov said . 
  by 2020 , the fleet expects to receive six bykov-class patrol ships and at least nine project 21631 small guided missile corvettes . 
  overall , 30 ships are expected to be delivered to the black sea fleet by 2020 . 
  sticking your head in the sand wo n't help . 
  if you were to pick the best performing eu funding program in romania , agricultural surface payments would be it with 90 % + absorption the problems are with other programs, 
  local currency , 
  they roll it over replacing maturing debt with new debt , keeping the total debt at a more or less constant level while only paying interest all this time . 
  all countries do it but it 's dangerous because if something happens and the rating agencies lose faith you risk going into bankruptcy really fast because you can no longer lend ( at the same price ) . 
  200 % + is quite bad though . 
  having to show your passport at the border as a person is just a minor inconvenience , that is not where potential economic losses come from . 
  the biggest impact would be on freight traffic and transit on the continent ( trucks ) . 
  goods move slower , transportation costs more , internal producers gain a competitive advantage . 
  nightvision equipped riot police with big sticks maybe ? 
  dictionary.com is quite neutral i would say [ here ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/genocide?s=t ) it was a copy paste btw the soviet union has historically opposed including politically motivated mass killings from the un definition of genocide so that they could minimize genocide under stalin and throughout the communist period, 
  ... the deliberate and systematic extermination of a national , racial , political , or cultural group ... 
  having committed genocide or attempting to commit genocide, 
  well [ apparently ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2017/04/05/middleeast/idlib-syria-attack/index.html ) they just unleashed chemical weapons on the rebels you sure it 's just `` criminal '' ? 
   if you think russia is doing bad things it 's worse than `` bad things '' actually , it 's state sponsored terrorism in ukraine and supporting a genocidal government in syria, 
  and no mickey mouse either, 
  that 's tougher than i thought it would be looks like the parliament is going to be the bad guy and the council will be the good guy, 
  paramount uk - fake disneyland, 
  so `` pint of beer '' is a factor but passporting / licensing requirements is not also color coding makes lower office vacancy rates look like a negative, 
  if security cooperation breaks down in nato between us , uk and eu members it would make a lot of sense, 
  is n't security collaboration ( in the wider sense , including intelligence ) covered under nato ? 
  maybe that eu army is not such a bad idea after all, 
   no legal basis hardly anything in the uk 's negotiating position has ( currently ) legal basis, 
  1 . fat acceptance is wrong but that does n't make fat shaming right 2 . 
   fighting for your right to get fat there 's a quote, 
  major ingredients of `` regular '' chocolate also includes sugar and milk , which are not chemicals can you point to specific chemicals which have proven to be harmful to humans and which are usually used to make chocolate ? 
  quite sure that organic chocolate is marketing bs can you explain what the difference is in ingredients & process that makes it organic ? 
  and also what makes regular chocolate `` plastic '' ? 
  why are you assuming that all the inferior products are unhealthy ? 
  could it not be that some of these products are in fact healthy ? 
  also why are you trying to fat-shame people who would like equal quality ? 
  you must have a lot of free time  anyway you ca n't make chocolate or nutella by yourself and the ( alleged ) lower quality also affects basic ingredients which you cook with, 
  maybe you are right but this has nothing to do with the topic of lower quality food / ingredients does it ? 
   nato is basically a common military command it 's not , military command is still with national governments and would continue to be so in the eventuality of war nato is a ( military ) defensive treaty under which countries agree to defend each other but it has little to do with command sure nato has established command centers which would coordinate the war effort if needed but military command would be retained by the national armies , just like in wwii, 
  ok but what would make that decision necessary , i do n't get it are you thinking opposing military alliances like eu vs us ? 
  this should n't be a problem , other sellers are able to seamlessly handle taxation and currencies ( booking.com or airlines for example ) they just apply vat rates based on the delivery / invoicing address i regularly buy from amazon.co.uk and they are able to charge vat rates as per local regulations , they just do it in the payment step, 
   choice between nato and eu military what choice are you talking about ? 
  these are by no means mutually exclusive, 
  different but i would say it is on a spectrum , similar approach, 
   i 'm actually an independent , i figured my non-interventionist defined that . 
  isolationism seems to be a republican thing nowadays , trump inauguration speech makes it quite clear, 
  seems to me like you are a republican , the other half of the us does n't seem to hold those views anyway european anti-americans have always been very vocal and largely over-represented in the media / online , also aided by russian interference despite the appearance , polls taken in the last 20-30 years show that the majority of europeans are favorable towards americans , even in core countries like france , germany and italy my view is that the recent swing in public opinion towards the us is temporary and directed at trump, 
  you should not take anti-trump as anti-americanism, 
   why do you think that patriotism and nationalism is a positive thing ? 
  why is it bad ? 
  people sharing common features ( values , language , history , identity ) being in control of their own land and their own future as part of a nation state , deciding who they want to be friends with , who they want to trade with , who they want to allow to travel and work in their land . 
   i am trying to understand why they could be positive , because in my mind they do n't seem to work together with globalization and that we all are one people . 
  it almost seems like you are advocating for something similar to the [ new soviet man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_soviet_man ) only that the soviet man is replaced with the global man . 
  it really is marxist / leninist ideology dressed up as `` progressiveness '' . 
  that 's true to a certain extent but for many people there 's no feasible alternative it 's the shaming tactics that bothers me, 
   we allowed what does this mean really and how do you `` disallow '' these things ? 
  nothing short of a dictatorship could try to prevent these things also your post kind of smells of liberal leftism - tries to shame people ( individuals ) driving cars and accuses them of not enough putting enough effort into recycling - hates on the us and accuses it of `` dictating '' things - shames people for not caring equally for things and events which are far away as they do for things and events for which they care for and which are closer to them ( human nature ) - calls for equality by shaming people with `` privileges they were born with '' - blanket accusation of racism targeting `` white , male , straight '' - blames nationalism & associates it with fascism it 's bullshit like this that is driving moderates towards the right and the harder leftists will try to push the stronger the response will be, 
  with such a fragmented vote it does n't really matter who is 2nd, 
   protesters take down dutch flag & put up turkey 's at istanbul consulate yelling allahu akbar, 
  there will always be upcoming elections in 27-28 states, 
   the dutch blocked us because of plain old xenophobic based populism , not due to some imaginary port competition . 
  no point in taking this further , you clearly have strong views on the subject  backup your claims with data , do n't repeat paranoid nationalist claims what you posted seems to be about right but you should know that in most ports cargo does indeed come in containers but it also comes in bulk your source only shows containers , which is a relatively small source of traffic for both rotterdam and constanta if you add up everything you will end up with ~ 12 % [ source ] ( https://www.portofrotterdam.com/en/the-port/facts-figures-about-the-port ) and [ source ] ( http://www.portofconstantza.com/apmc/portal/static.do?package_id=st_generale&amp;x=load ), 
  it 's ~ 12 % of rotterdam, 
  2 reasons : - general understanding of schengen by voters in western europe + populism creates a perception that schengen membership would lead to an influx of migrants even though it does not make sense ; it does not make sense because ro and bg citizens already can travel / work legally in the eu and both countries have largely aligned their visa requirements towards third parties ( except for maybe moldova but they can get citizenship anyway ) and made significant investments in border protection in terms of equipment / systems and manpower at non-eu external borders . 
  this makes politicians uncomfortable with the issue and some play the populist card by claiming they are defending against migrants by not allowing ro and bg in schengen . 
  there is always an `` election year '' somewhere . 
  - economic interests especially in the freight transport area . 
  constanta is a major shipping port and goods imported into the eu spend a lot of time at land borders exiting romania . 
  schengen membership would reduce the transit time for road transport by at least as much as they currently lose because romania does not have a full east to west motorway ( covers ~ 60-70 % of the distance only ) .
