well except for like almost half of united nations members, 
  roaf already has '' [ modern trainers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iar_99 ) '', 
  it depends on what scenario you are imagining . 
  in a full scale air war with russia even having 2-3 f-16 squadrons would n't help much unless they were integrated into a larger multinational operation . 
  the most realistic use scenario for a roaf combat aircraft is air police and perhaps intercepts of `` hostile '' aircraft over the black sea . 
  a subsonic trainer like the iar-99 or even hawk is not of much use as it flies lower and slower than an airliner and has almost no air to air capability , you can not realistically expect it to do any kind of air police , especially if you are intercepting a fast target . 
  mig-21s are very fast , they are basically an interceptor and therefore are well suited for the mission they are currently fulfilling . 
  even the uk mostly uses the typhoons for intercepts . 
  roaf is currently getting an f-16 squadron from portugal , romanian crews and maintenance staff are already in portugal and the first is set to be delivered later this year . 
  the only realistic scenario where a mig-21 would risk being shot down would be in iraq / syria and they are not being deployed there because of this reason . 
  the roaf will likely be able to resume air police over the baltics and perhaps perform some combat missions in the middle east after they get a 2nd f-16 squadron . 
  and btw it would still be harder to shoot down a mig-21 flying high and fast than a modern subsonic trainer , as long as the mig is n't doing low level bombing like the syrian af has been doing recently . 
  not supersonic . 
  since it would affect trade / business with the us it 's not so internal now is it ? 
  i see this approach quite often and just do n't get it . 
  why would it be a good thing for foreigners to be made aware of all the poverty and crappy places in romania , why do you insist on making a point that they are not getting the `` full experience '' by staying away from shitty places ? 
  there are shitty places everywhere , i 'm sure when you are visiting some other country you do n't seek squalor , you go to the best places . 
  and you would n't like locals complaining continuously about how that is not the `` real '' country or whatever . 
  if they want to experience rural or poor romania i am quite sure they can do it themselves . 
  this is one of those bs views coming from the media and politicians always trying to minimize any positive results . 
  investments grew even more than consumption in 2015 and therefore had a substantial contribution to gdp growth . 
  not that there is anything wrong with `` consumption '' , economic growth can be very `` solid '' when driven by consumption . 
  btw , gdp growth excluding agriculture was more like 4.4 or 4.5 in 2015 since it was not an exceptionally good year . 
  christians are about 10 % of people living in uae, 
  there is ample evidence of roman writing and some evidence of british celtic writing ( latin alphabet ) from roman times . 
  except for greece , you only find proto-writing in europe before the romans , simple symbols depicting objects . 
  mainstream history acknowledges complex writing system as a prerequisite of civilization and thriving trade . 
  the romans had it , the native inhabitants of britain did n't . 
  anyway you seem to have created your own alternate version of history / celtic pride theory which replaces actual evidence of a thriving economy with unfounded claims about the sins of he romans . 
  you are also using contemporary terms such as inflation , unemployment , price regulations which do n't make much sense in an ancient setting . 
  that 's some fringe history you got there . 
  big infrastructure projects do not cause the economy to thrive , it is the other way around . 
  and i suppose the gift of writing brought in by the romans was also irrelevant to the economy ? 
  recover from what , the flourishing prehistoric tribal societies ? 
  i was wondering when this would pop up again , it 's usually 1 or 2 days after an attack . 
  so what would get people alarmed ? 
  1000 dead in a year ? 
  so tell me do you have any evidence that ahmad al-mohammad and m al-mahmod were in fact eu citizens ? 
  you are either trolling or just too stubborn to understand the meaning of `` occupation '', 
  the term `` occupation '' implies presence against someone 's will , this is not the case a better word would be `` guests '', 
  it 's exposing her real goal . 
  she wants hoards of refugees and economic migrants from me and na to flood the entire european union not just germany . 
  and she wants to hide behind the argument that `` there is nothing we can do to stop them '' . 
  the fact that the flow has been stopped is very annoying to her . 
  there are a few hidden assumption in your list of questions . 
  one is that all migrants are the same which is clearly not true . 
  the more different people are from the local population , the harder it is to integrate them . 
  i live in a country where almost all minorities are well integrated ( small numbers ) but at the same time we have a minority which has failed to integrate for almost 1000 years . 
  people of power are often behind the curtain in russia , ceos are often puppets serving mainly a pr role you would expect `` women in senior business roles '' to be correlated with wealth rankings but they are not, 
  that 's not how vetoes work ... 
  but it seems to be mutual interest . 
  going to 0 would defeat the purpose of negotiating . 
  what if they ask for 20 billion ? 
  you need stand by the price you are offering . 
  turkey has the means to stop the inflow . 
  they would still get 6 billion and still house roughly the same number of migrants , just send fewer to europe . 
  seams like a good deal . 
  clearly you 've never bargained for something in the middle east . 
  you need to show them the cash . 
  i know that it 's annoying to see when hitler comes up in a lot of these discussions . 
  but think about it . 
  think about it this way 3 billion is 1 for 1 , 6 billion is 1 for 2 , 1.5 billion is 2 for 1 this is not tango , this is negotiating a bribe, 
  they should do something like take one refugee from turkey for every two returned . 
  if they get through and they are caught they are sent back . 
  the german government , elected indirectly by germans and plotting the course of the entire european union . 
  she 's talking about europe not germany, 
  `` that is not my europe '' wtf ? 
  it 's like getting a bonus in the form of a donation to a random charity . 
  what happened to consumer interest ? 
  they should factor in the economic benefits of importing millions of middle easterners ( germany ) . 
  the germs are to blame of course and the european population was also suffering from those diseases . 
  stop victim blaming !, 
  but nl already has age-adjusted minimum wage right ? 
  that might help a bit but what is really needed is trucks loading freight from constanta and driving to other eu members unrestricted . 
  the main topic should be schengen . 
  the romanian people simply do not understand the vast economic advantages of joining schengen , they just think about the simple act of not showing your passport or id at the border and think that they `` can live with it '' . 
  benefits to private individuals are minimal compared to the economic benefits when it comes to schengen . 
  see taiwan and arabian gulf, 
  marxists and communists have no respect for `` property '' so you wo n't be converting anyone ... 
  it 's an excuse for schengen that 's why mcv needs to die . 
  should be replaced with something similar with greater scope ( other countries ) . 
  http://www.jacklinks.eu/en/ this , seems to be distributed widely in some countries since about one year ago, 
  because they were bombed by nato , have little prospects of ever joining the eu and still have few regrets of their participation in the ethnic and religious conflict in the 90s ? 
  of course it 's not uncommon for people to get scammed , even highly educated people . 
  but it does not happen en masse . 
  it 's not like you see millions of people getting trapped in ponzi schemes . 
  seeking `` risk/reward ventures '' to sneak into a country is a criminal offense and it can only stop or be substantially reduced if you make it clear that there are consequences . 
   like europeans being selfish and trying to keep all that free welfare , healthcare , education all to themselves , and its only going to make them want into europe more yes it 's like fighting a thug and he gets more aggresive when he feels you are afraid . 
  solution is to stick your head in the sand right ? 
  i do n't know man it sounds like you are just making excuses to keep them coming in . 
  these approaches have the highest chance of stopping the influx . 
  they will not stop everyone and europe will have to continue to accept genuine refugees because it 's the humane thing to do but it 's still something . 
  i think it 's degrading to the migrants to think that they can be sold `` anything '' by traffickers . 
  almost like implying they have limited reasoning or understanding of the real world . 
  they have smartphones with internet access and like to share photos and experiences with each other and with their relatives . 
  if they hit a roadblock news will travel fast back to their country of origin . 
  by that logic the whole of the middle east will spill into europe in a few years . 
  you need deterrence and incentives to stop it . 
  what makes you think they will keep coming ? 
  news that they are stuck in greece will travel fast and they will likely stop coming , perhaps many will get on a boat and go back to turkey .
