  globally applicable : 1 . 
  do n't be a dick 2 . 
  use your brain 3 . 
  do n't be a dick, 
  is hate speech valued there as well ? 
  naziism is equivalent to hate speech . 
   poison eggs come on now . 
  they were mildly polluted by a forbidden substance . 
  i 'm pretty sure the netherlands are part of northern europe . 
  source : we eat black liquorice . 
  all egg distributors would have to invest in egg washers , and all supermarkets would have to invest in extra fridges . 
  do n't wash eggs , it 's a pointless exercise that only serves to increase co2 emissions of supermarkets . 
  this article reads as if it 's been years . 
  exactly 0 , probably . 
  did n't he try walking away first ? 
  you just worded it poorly . 
  do n't be a dick . 
  more proof that the netherlands can into nordic, 
  prequelmemes leaks everywhere , much like fidget spinners, 
  it helps the vpn industry, 
  no , it 's definitely aliens, 
  the summit is in the netherlands . 
  i like how they have no data for switzerland but colored it red anyway because that seems about right . 
  this has been going on for much longer than a month, 
  that burning desert sounds fun ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  thanks , england, 
  he was leading in the polls , and few people went out to vote against him . 
  is that why his party got a 53 % majority in parliament ? 
  yes , being petted on the head with a wet hand scarred me for life / s, 
  which would n't be strange . 
  in fact , in most lists of the world 's most influential figures , both hitler and stalin are usually listed in the top 10 . 
  everything looks like puke on a plate if it 's photographed like that . 
  people are very picky when it comes to what their food looks like , which makes food photography very difficult . 
  you either need skills or instagram filters that hide your screw ups to pull it off . 
   we should be free to rotate maps as we wish . 
  yes , but now the map rotates as google wishes , and it does n't make me happy . 
  that same sort of laugh that you laugh when someone you care about does something really embarassing and you 'd rather want to hug them and tell them it 's going to be ok , but the situation is far too awkward for that . 
  pls no . 
  if there 's anything amsterdam does n't need , it 's more tourism . 
  my point is , they 're not stupid . 
  we are talking about their leaders here . 
  i 'm starting to wonder if you even read the article . 
   these people are too stupid to think like that . 
  `` they 're wrong , therefore they 're stupid . '', 
  sadly it does n't work like that . 
  if they were as stupid as you think they are , they would 've been in jail a decade ago . 
  what surprises me most is that the daily mail used the word ` fascist ' as an insult . 
  you forgot the [ thing ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/yncuvp5icg7ebsn1h2k7ueypau-tzky66flpa0eusrg.png?w=320&amp;s=45a5db4194d5b98d127868e7be40c8ea ), 
   german ( in a way that 's basically speaking dutch while twisting your tongue ) maar das ist hoe man deutch sprecht , toch ? 
  or perhaps the state of emergency allowed france to make more arrests . 
  maybe we misunderstood them and they just meant to announce that they were leaving, 
  [ no , that 's this map ] ( http://www.fietssnelwegen.nl/kaart.png ) . 
  only the red ones are actually built , though . 
  although i suppose it 's a bit outdated , many of the blue ones were built as well . 
  the result is also heavily skewed by big industries . 
  if you look at [ this map ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/maptoolclosed.do?tab=map&amp;init=1&amp;plugin=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tgs00026&amp;toolbox=types ) , groningen shows up as the poorest region in the netherlands . 
  the reason for its high gdp is the export of natural gas , the people who live there do n't benefit from it at all . 
  this is very misleading . 
  the map shows the regions with the highest gdp per capita , it says little about the wealth of the people living in those regions . 
  so they can shelve even more information, 
  yes , let 's reintroduce witch hunts !, 
  what could go wrong ? 
  what the uk needs is not more surveillance . 
  what they really need is to figure out how to work with all the information that they are already getting . 
   i honestly could n't tell you the difference between barilla spaghetti and no-name spaghetti . 
  spaghetti can be horrifyingly bad , though . 
  source : ate honig spaghetti once . 
  it 's expensive and tastes like worms . 
  if you ever want to buy spaghetti in the netherlands , whatever you do , do n't buy honig . 
  sounds like it 's time to blockade the schelde again . 
   show me , where on this graph is this collapse you 're talking about ? 
  first off , that graph is a lie . 
  secondly , even the lying graph shows that in 2015 it was worth 1/5th of what it was worth at its 2013 peak . 
   what , the same as ftse and all those other indexes ? 
  when did the ftse grow exponentially to 5 times its value over the course of a month ? 
  can you really not do better than these are half-assed attempts at counter arguments ? 
  yes , they did , and they were right . 
  in 2015 it was worth 1/5th of what it was worth at its 2013 peak . 
  right now , cryptocurrency prices are at an all-time high and are rising exponentially . 
  it 's only a matter of time , and this time around the crash will be even more spectacular . 
  you make that sound as if $ 2000 is a lot . 
  i think you 're underestimating how expensive sf really is, 
  because the bubble will collapse . 
  you should factor in the cost of living , though . 
  most of that $ 200k is spent on the rent of a small apartment . 
  what 's the point in importing them , though ? 
  nobody wants to carry 1 and 2 cent coins around . 
  it works flawlessly in finland and the netherlands ( i have n't seen those coins in years ) , i do n't see why it could n't work in italy or germany . 
  not surprising . 
  moldova 's economy collapsed after the dissolution . 
  it still is the poorest country in europe by far . 
  below *, 
  it is incredibly petty , but sadly it 's the only language that trump speaks . 
  i do n't get it, 
  i meant the collective you , the uk . 
  yes you did , you ( the uk ) voted conservative , so you voted for whoever they put forward as their leader . 
  now i 'm fully convinced that countries that use a fptp system are not democracies . 
  fptp, 
  are you that kind of asshole who honks at student drivers when they stall their car at a traffic light ? 
  donald trump will be glad to hear that his environmental policy prevents skin cancer .
