  no fracking . 
  there are man-made earthquakes in groningen , but those are caused by the exploitation of normal gas wells , not by fracking . 
  [ pretty much ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/3nv3e8/world_gdp_density_map_wealth_map_908x514/ ), 
  imo intent is important here . 
  if criticism of terrorist groups is the intent , and these images are relevant , then it should not be illegal to share them . 
  the cbs number is more recent , and has a more representative sample : it 's mandatory by law to participate in a cbs research that you were selected for in the netherlands . 
  [ 4.9 % according to the latest cbs poll in 2015 ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/nieuws/2016/51/helft-nederlanders-is-kerkelijk-of-religieus ) . 
  12.1 % in amsterdam . 
   so % of muslims did n't went up in last 10 years ? 
  it 's been approximately 5 % for nearly 2 decades . 
  that 's good for approximately 30 seats . 
  46 to go . 
   all geert wilders needs to do is retract his statements about the ` less moroccans ' and the vvd would potentially be willing . 
  doing that would be the end of the pvv . 
  no , he 's not . 
  the ` islamization of the netherlands ' does not exist , and even if it did , none of the following actions will help to solve it : banning a religion , abolishing freedom of expression , abolishing freedom of religion , abolishing freedom of association . 
  his whole mindset has no place whatsoever in a western society . 
  maybe not where you live , but here , in the netherlands , geert wilders certainly does exist . 
  i do n't even understand how that comment made any sense in your mind . 
  also many people just have n't made up their mind yet , i suppose that that inflates the statistics for parties with a strong voter base , such as the pvv . 
  although that would depend on the methodology of that poll . 
  you 're still missing the point . 
  oh well , i tried . 
   religion = imagination , prove me wrong !, 
  imagination : the creative ability to form images , ideas , and sensations in the mind without direct input from the senses , such as seeing or hearing . 
  religion : a unified system of beliefs that is part of a culture , which is passed on through communication between members of a society . 
  communication is a form of direct input from the senses . 
  religion , not imagination . 
  the difference being that religion is something that 's taught to children , and it 's believed to be an undeniable truth . 
  compare it to how we believe that the earth orbits the sun . 
  not because we 've seen it ourselves , not because we made it up , but because it 's been taught to us , and nobody is going to convince you that it 's not true . 
  good for her . 
  now she gets to play the victim again . 
  nothing better than coffee with a cloud of cholesterol . 
  smaller population than germany . 
  cue shooting stars, 
  and sweden . 
  is that supposed to be a bad thing ? 
  when in doubt , roundabout, 
  we already did . 
  centuries ago . 
  could be , but that does n't mean that the daily mail is more tolerant than most european newspapers . 
  just a touch ? 
  he 's completely out of touch with reality . 
  here 's the full text of his electoral program for this election :   ** the netherlands ours again !, 
  **   millions of dutch citizens have simply had enough of the islamization of our country . 
  enough of mass immigration and asylum , terror , violence and insecurity . 
    here is our plan : instead of financing the entire world and people we do n't want here , we 'll spend the money on ordinary dutch citizens . 
    this is what the pvv will do :   1 . 
  de-islamize the netherlands  - zero asylum seekers and no immigrants anymore from islamic countries : close the borders  - withdraw all asylum residence permits which have already been granted for specific periods , close the asylum centers  - no islamic headscarves in public functions  - prohibition of other islamic expressions which violate public order  - preventive detention of radical muslims  - denaturalization and expulsion of criminals with a dual nationality  - jihadists who went to syria will not be allow to return to the netherlands  - close all mosques and islamic schools , ban the koran  2 . 
  the netherlands independent again . 
  leave the eu  3 . 
  direct democracy : a binding referendum , power to the citizens  4 . 
  completely abolish health care deductibles  5 . 
  lower housing fees  6 . 
  retirement age at 65 , indexation of supplementary pensions  7 . 
  no public money for development aid , windmills , art , innovation , broadcasting , etc. 
  rollback cuts in home care and elderly care , more hands on the bed  9 . 
  a lot of extra money for defense and police  10 . 
  lower income taxes  11 . 
  halving of car taxes   financial paragraph per measure and total :  1 . 
  -2.0 bn  total : 0  source : https://www.geertwilders.nl/index.php/94-english/2007-preliminary-election-program-pvv-2017-2021 ( note that this is the * full text * , not a summary . 
  this is literally all there is . ), 
  til that the uk has a law against politicians advocating for military interventions ^ / s, 
  the trump - clinton polls were close to 50-50 the entire time . 
  it 's literally incomparable . 
  itt : people who think facebook would otherwise be an unbiased news source . 
  it 's a bit naive to believe that facebook has ever been , or could ever be unbiased . 
  it 's specifically designed to be biased towards your interests . 
  please stop the sentimentalist 1984 bullshit . 
  it 's facebook , not the government . 
  they 're a private company , and you can easily choose to not use their services . 
  it 's not like facebook does n't have the power to censor news from their website already . 
  if facebook wants to censor right-wing news sources , then they could easily do so without the help of french news agencies . 
  the difficult part is telling what 's real apart from what 's fake , that 's why they need reliable news sources to help them . 
  i think you misunderstood the term ` fake news ' . 
  ` fake news ' is misinformation that is intentionally spread by malicious websites . 
  people want made up bullshit to be filtered because it 's harmful . 
  it 's got nothing to do with ideology , it 's about preventing websites from intentionally spreading misinformation . 
  pim fortuyn , a far right anti-immigrant eurosceptic politican . 
  on the 6th of may 2002 , nine days before the election , he was assassinated by a left wing extremist , which led to his party being the second largest in the elections , and they were part of the coalition along with the cda and vvd . 
  soon afterwards the party collapsed . 
  coincidentally , in 2002 , wilders was appointed as spokesperson for the vvd , and he used that position to voice his anti-islamism . 
  in 2004 he got kicked out of the party for that , and started the pvv . 
  very true . 
  that 's how geert wilders happened, 
  of course , she needs more rubles now that they cut her eu allowances . 
  because the a380 was not innovative, 
  i ca n't read, 
  i 'm not sure what you 're getting at , but cancelling passports of a small group of suspects is not comparable to trump 's blanket ban . 
  for what ? 
  thought crime ? 
  that 's her father, 
  which part of the quran dictates that ? 
  le pen just recently , yes . 
  they support putin 's expansionism , though . 
  i wonder what 's up with that . 
  well , yes , destroying france 's economy would be a solution to the immigration problem , but i do n't think that 's the solution that most people have in mind . 
  at least 400.000 people do . 
  to collect her rubles ?
