you can hardly call android open source . 
  only the very core of the os is open source . 
  the android os that you use on your phone is loaded with google 's proprietary software , and without it it 's effectively unusable . 
   / u/clockwerk16 slams media for using `` slam '' in articles and titles . 
  finland has a lot of wind , though , and plenty of room to build turbines . 
  some say dumber shit than others . 
  the song is a sea shanty , it 's meant to set a slow and steady work tempo , so i think it 's safer to say that the pogues ' version is an extremely fast version . 
  i think we owe armenia an apology , though . 
  did they even recover after we poldered them in ? 
  f is for fire that burns down the whole town !, 
  i 'd love to help , but / r/sweden is threatening our country https://www.reddit.com/r/place#x=587&amp;y=50, 
  hey , at least [ we 're doing it right ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lzptdfn.jpg ), 
  either way , it 's more reliable than a random redditor picking random non-representative trips such as a tgv route from paris to lille . 
  averages from their booking platform . 
  it says it right there on the page . 
  [ some more reliable numbers ] ( http://www.goeuro.com/travel/transport-price-index-2016 ) . 
  only denmark and the uk are more expensive . 
   they take away the studenten ov ? 
  inciting hatred based on religious differences as a campaign strategy works as well in turkey as it does in most other countries , i suppose . 
  see the above comment . 
  this 2006 article seems to suggest so :  protests against merger of regions is banned : officials in siberia have banned protests and rallies against a controversial referendum on sunday to merge a smaller region , ust-ordynsky buryat , home to the buryat people , into the much larger region of irkutsk . 
  `` authorities are preventing any kind of discussion , '' yevgeny khamaganov , a local journalist claiming media censorship , said , according to the moscow times . 
  mr. khamaganov , who opposes the project , said that police have accused him of being a terrorist and confiscated anti-merger leaflets in early april . 
  opponents say the kremlin plans to reduce the number of oblasts -- regions that correspond to american states -- through mergers in order to further centralize power , a tendency of president vladimir v. putin 's that has often been criticized by the united states and europe . 
  i think you 've got your cause and effect reversed, 
  yes they did . 
  bottom right . 
  and how is that different from any conflict in the past two millennia in europe ? 
  i 'm sure their christianity had nothing to do with the whole conflict . 
  how does that make him any less of a hypocrite ? 
  there 's a very good reason why the system favors larger parties . 
  imagine the situation where 3 parties , a , b and c , participate for a 20 seat parliament and receive 12.3 , 6.3 and 1.4 seats , respectively , resulting in 1 remainder seat . 
  if it was simply given to the party with the greatest remainder , then c would end up getting 2 seats , which means that the average number of votes per seat would be 30 % less than the denominator . 
  if instead it 's given to the party with the greatest average , then the difference between the denominator and the average number of votes per seat is minimized . 
  in the above example party a would get the seat , which gives them a number of votes per seat that 's only 5 % less than the denominator . 
  i do n't think he 's a narcissist . 
  on the contrary , in my opinion they 're one of the most constructive parties in the parliament , who are always willing to work towards an agreement . 
  also i have to agree with timgroothuizen here . 
  your ` open borders to all ' and ` give everything away to europe ' claims are grade a alternative facts . 
  they 're basically far right on everything except when it comes to the aow . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.partijgedrag.nl/partijgelijkenis.php ) 's a comparison between them and other parties , based on voting behavior in the parliament, 
  speaking badly about the d66 on reddit ?!, 
  tpo = linkse media ? 
  there 's are a lot of things you can say about these elections , but that there was a lack of options is not one of them . 
  also there 's only one party that consistently leaves its voters behind , and that 's the pvv . 
   he says europeans killed each other for hundred years because they had different religions ( denominations ? ) . 
  is he describing the armenian genocide ? 
  i 'm not sure how voting for an angry isolationist would 've helped . 
  i wonder how people have an isolationist netherlands in mind . 
  a good start would be closing the port of rotterdam , i suppose , otherwise it will turn into a huge financial liability . 
  probably followed by disbanding amsterdam . 
  we 'd need to reopen the coal mines , increase gas exploitation , and we should consider fracking . 
  people from groningen will be pissed , but we have to keep our economy going somehow . 
  and with eu you mean cavusoglu ? 
  let me get this straight . 
  you 're saying wilders is irrelevant to a discussion about the reason why people vote wilders ? 
  sorry , but that makes no sense whatsoever . 
  i would agree with you , if wilders was n't that big of an idiot . 
  he really does not have any concrete plans when it comes to solving those issues . 
  instead , all he really does is throw tantrums . 
  the back side is blank . 
  there are no local elections in the netherlands . 
  each 0.67 % of the national vote wins you a seat . 
  there is no formal threshold , but a party can not get remainder seats if they did n't get at least 1 seat , so in practice there 's a threshold of 0.67 %, 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) \u256f \u2572 \\ _ \\ _ \\ _ do n't mind me , just taking my mods for a walk, 
  a war over the bosporus would be an economical disaster for russia . 
  they need a stable situation in turkey . 
  do you think trump or merkel want to play fallout 5 irl ? 
  we were discussing the situation where the nato countries are the aggressors , and in that case russia does n't need a big army to stop them from invading turkey . 
  the threat of nuclear retaliation would be enough of a deterrent . 
  russia is a nuclear power . 
  wait , according to that poll , only 84 % of pvv voters think that the pvv has the best plans for immigration and integration . 
  that 's kind of odd . 
  is that pineapple on a kringverjaardag platter ?!, 
  that might just be worse than pineapple on a pizza . 
  those people already vote pvv . 
  because he 's a buffoon who is incapable of doing anything more than that . 
  not really . 
  the current government has shown that they 're more than capable of handling the situation . 
  in the meantime , wilders did n't achieve much more than a couple of aggressive tweets . 
  even if we invaded them , russia would side with them in an instant and things would immediately escalate to either cold war ii or world war iii . 
  orange juice is the best . 
  at least that 's something we can agree on . 
   jobs are being added and debt is getting cut . 
  [ thanks , obama !, 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9b/us_unemployment_measures.svg/720px-us_unemployment_measures.svg.png ), 
  is it hypocrisy to end negotiations when the other party threatens with sanctions ? 
  which is nothing compared to the rest of the nato combined . 
  not now that we 've seen your example of how well voting for right wing populists works . 
  there are no stalemates . 
  if no majority for a bill is achieved , then the bill is rejected . 
  but then they could just kick dissidents out of the party and replace them with a new puppet . 
  but gl wants the center-left coalition , cda + d66 + gl + sp + pvda , without the vvd . 
  if the only feasible coalition with the vvd includes gl , they might just refuse to join in , opting for their preferred coalition instead . 
  very insightful, 
  `` a few rhino 's '' quickly adds up to earth 's population . 
  also of note is that 1 % of the eu 's combined gdp gives the eu a military budget of well over 3 times that of russia . 
  by drilling into a gas pocket that 's trapped underneath a layer of non-permeable rock . 
  the difference is that fracking uses hydraulic pressure to shatter shale to release gas that 's captured inside of the rock . 
  the latter does n't happen in the netherlands .
