in edinburgh the driver sells them with a little machine that you drop cash in to and then it pops out a ticket . 
  it 's really quick , and there are hardly ever any problems . 
  exactly . 
  the death is worse than the deaths of steers for meat , but they get to live way longer in much better conditions . 
  careful , do n't cut yourself on that edge !, 
  it 's not supposed to be a fair fight , it 's supposed to be more of a show than a real fight . 
  those are all widely known . 
  yeah , it depends a bit on what you 're doing . 
  but letting people who do large scale growing use gmos and pesticides does n't mean that people on medium sized or small scale farms ca n't do organic farming . 
  do n't be such an asshole meg . 
  why would farmers be using pesticides and buying from monsanto if it was less profitable ? 
  they can grow more crops , more reliably , using the same amount of land . 
  it 's straight up better . 
  there 's a middle ground between `` you can do whatever the fuck you want '' and `` you ca n't do this at all '' . 
  awwwwww . 
  poor portugual . 
  at least they make great pastries ( seriously , if i do n't manage to get rid of my pastel de nata habit soon , i 'm going to become obese and die ), 
  the balkans are more clusterfucked than russia . 
  edit : if you 're talking about the former ussr in general , then i 'd agree with you , but if you mean just russia , then i think the balkans are still definitely more messed up . 
  mate , have you never heard of castro ? 
  super far left , also a raging homophobe . 
  sure , they 're useful as conventional strategic bombers . 
  they are very useful for that , but it just seems silly that people call them `` nuclear bombers '' , because that 's not their main function , and they 're not even that good for delivering nuclear payloads because of their low speed , low capacity and low range compared to modern missile systems . 
  nuclear bombers are a stupid idea now anyway . 
  nuclear weapons are delivered by missiles , not by planes . 
  the problem is n't the idea of warning people about genuinely fucked up shit that happens in books , the problem is white middle class university students who have n't experienced any real hardship in their lives claiming that they 're victims of oppression through their whole lives and saying that the have ptsd which will be triggered by reading a book where someone gets shot , or a women is slapped . 
  it is about a pedophile . 
  it 's about a grown man who is sexually attracted to a 12 year old , what the fuck else do you call that ? 
  the thing is that most of these twats have n't been raped , they have n't experienced anything genuinely dangerous or traumatic in their entire lives . 
  they 're white middle class university students , and that 's fine , but they should n't pretend that they 're all poor victims , because they 're fucking not . 
  that is so fucking stupid . 
  let 's stop telling antisemites about antisemitism because they 'll fell bad about hating jews . 
  no , how about you educate these people on how hating jews ( or anyone else ) because of their race is a terrible thing to do , do n't tiptoe around it because maybe they 'll get upset . 
  i think it would be better on / r/iama, 
  i 'm not even going to merit the huge pile of ignorant rubbish you spat out with a response . 
  lol . 
  russia was pretty shitty during that time . 
  there was a civil war , the secret police was fucking horrible , and there was also a famine . 
  the paris commune was decent , but it only lasted 2 months so who knows how it would have turned out in the long term . 
  catalonia was also alright , but again , short term so it 's hard to know what would have happened long term . 
  the same thing applies to the free territory of ukraine , the shinmin autonomous region , and the ezln . 
  and cuba is pretty fucking shitty , they have a repressive dictatorial government . 
  and sure , capitalism is n't perfect , but you are saying that capitalism has caused the deaths of thousands , which is true . 
  but what about communism , which has caused millions of deaths in the soviet union , the people 's republic of china , and a few more million spread through a bunch of other , smaller communist countries . 
  you are an ignorant historical revisionist . 
  shut up you stupid commie . 
  the greek economy was incompatible with a monetary union with the rest of europe , and it still is . 
  it just does n't work . 
  it 's necessary though . 
  the ridiculous corrupt bureaucracy does more harm than good , and whilst it will make a lot of people lose their jobs , the thing is that their jobs are completely pointless , they do n't create anything of value , they actually hinder economic growth through corruption and deregulation . 
  saying that they should keep the huge , corrupt bureaucracy which is strangling growth just because some people would end up losing their jobs is stupid , because the problems caused by it would be short term , but the long term benefits would be huge . 
  it 's different in greece . 
  in the us , there was never really a huge amount of regulation , and it has n't really caused problems . 
  in greece there is an insane amount of regulation , much of which only exists to help corrupt officials squeeze more money out of people , and avoid taxes . 
  it slows everything down and it helps corruption . 
  what ? 
  how does not wanting to carry on bailing out greece have anything to do with slavery , plunder or fucking genocide . 
  shut the fuck up you idiot . 
  no , it 's because who wants to see a bull getting fucking velcroed ? 
  that is insanely boring , and the bull would still have to die at the end of it because after they have fought a human they are too aggressive and dangerous . 
  a stupid , illogical opinion based on absolutely no facts , no research , and no rational thought . 
  holy fuck , you did n't listen to my advice . 
  i recommended that you remove your head from your anus . 
  if by now you have n't managed to do so , you are in grave danger . 
  you could die . 
  i urge you to contact a doctor , because if this goes on for any longer , you will literally drown in your own feces . 
  no one is going to spend loads of money on a bull when there is no reason to . 
  the amount of money spent on a bull would leave you making a massive loss if you just sold it for meat , and even if you could somehow make a bit of profit why not just spend far less money and make even more profit from it ? 
  there is just no reason to spend all that time , money and effort on a bull if it 's not for bullfighting . 
  and i do n't give a shit whether you think it 's barbaric , it 's no more `` barbaric '' than eating a steak . 
  pull your head out of your arsehole and come back to me with some facts and logic , otherwise you can eat your own bullshit straight from the source : your fucking anus . 
  most animals in the west have lives which are n't toooo awful . 
  but they 're still short , boring , and pretty fucking sad , especially when you compare it to the fucking amazing lives that bullfighting bulls get until their deaths . 
  i think it 's pretty fucking ridiculous that so many people decide to focus so much on the last 6 hours of the animals life , and pretty much just ignore the fact that the entire rest of it 's life is far longer and of a much higher quality than the lives of other animals . 
  it 's not like anyone actually expects them to fucking pay . 
  the only thing they 're arguing about is on what terms they do n't pay . 
  they literally ca n't pay , it 's not really a choice for them . 
  it 's no use in bargaining . 
  democracy does n't mean you can force other countries to give you what they want . 
  i support greece , but this bullshit about how germany not just throwing shitloads more cash at greece and not letting them just run off with it and not pay being `` undemocratic '' is complete and utter fucking nonsense . 
  wow , so killing thousands of innocent people because of your ideology is the same as getting pissed off at peoples insane hypocrisy . 
  also , you should learn how to fucking spell , you claim to be far more intelligent than me but you have the language skills of a fucking 10 year old . 
  no one in spain gives a shit what ignorant hypocrites like you think . 
  unless you 're a vegetarian or vegan , you are a fucking raging hypocrite if you oppose bullfighting . 
  there is so much more suffering in your steak than there is in a bullfight . 
  animals raised for meat live short , shit lives and then die quickly . 
  animals raised for bullfighting live long , enjoyable and healthy lives and die in a slow painful way . 
  i 'd rather live a long happy life and die in a shit way , than live a short life full of misery and die in a `` humane '' way , thank you very fucking much . 
  exactly . 
  people do n't go to see something suffer . 
  yes , suffering is involved , but that is n't the point . 
  the point is to see an amazing performance . 
  most people in rich countries do n't need nearly as much meat as they consume to live a healthy life . 
  a huge amount of the meat that we eat is absolutely not necessary for our survival . 
  you do n't need to eat several kilos of meat every week , the reason most people do this is because meat tastes good , and it 's convenient . 
  it 's enjoyable . 
  the thing is that it 's fucking true . 
  no one would be breeding bulls and letting them live long in great conditions if there was no bullfighting . 
  no one is going to spend thousands and thousands of dollars to raise a bull if there is no incentive to do so . 
  most people in first world countries do n't need anywhere near the amount of meat that they eat .
