  the reason people eat so much meat is because it tastes fucking great , and it 's convenient . 
  it has nothing to do with necessity , do you think that out ancestors were eating several kilos of meat every fucking week ? 
  sure , the death of the bull in the bullfight is worse than the bull slaughtered for meat , but the life of the bull for the bullfight is far longer , and far happier . 
  would you rather live in a short , shitty life and die quickly , or live a long , enjoyable life and die in a slow and painful way ? 
  i think most reasonable people would choose the second option . 
  you kill it to enjoy its meat , which you do n't really need . 
  that still causes suffering . 
  you 'd rather just hide the suffering behind an invented need for delicious food , rather than openly show it as an incredible show . 
  also , it 's more efficient , because one bullfight will entertain thousands , whereas one bull killed for food will feed maybe a few dozen people . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm not a vegetarian or anything , but its really crazy just how much hypocrisy most meat eaters have . 
  they have no problem eating pork , but if someone in china decides they 're going to eat a dog instead of a pig , they freak the fuck out , even though pigs are actually more intelligent than dogs . 
  they 'll happily eat a delicious rib eye steak , which they only eat for pleasure , but if someone in spain wants to watch the bull die in an incredible performance , they get all high and mighty about animal rights , even though the bull they ate in the form of a steak last week had a far shorter , shittier life than the bull who died in a bullfight . 
  you can argue the same about eating a fancy steak . 
  it causes animal suffering , and there is no need to eat it . 
  i do n't need to go and spend a shitload of money to eat an amazing steak , i only do it for fun . 
  it 's no different than bullfighting . 
  i think that if you eat beef , it is hypocritical to oppose bullfighting , at least on moral grounds . 
  the lives of the bulls are far better than the lives of the bulls raised for meat . 
  they get to live much longer , they get to roam around huge open areas and t hey are feed the best food possible for them . 
  their deaths are shitty , but i think it 's better to live a long , healthy life , and then die in a shifty way than it is to live a short shit life and die painlessly . 
  so fucking what ? 
  if someone breaks in to steal all your shit and give you a good beating , it 's justified to fight back , even if he does n't want to murder you . 
  they are defending their homeland from invaders . 
  sure , war is n't pretty , but sometimes it 's needed to defend from invasion . 
  i think the whole build a new city idea is pretty fucking stupid , but i agree that we have to invest in the mediterranean african countries if we want to stop illegal immigration , and increase stability in the region . 
  they 're dumb retards , you ca n't expect consistency in their views . 
  bureaucracy really sucks when you want to get a job illegally . 
  the more papers and complicated processes involved the harder it is to get a job illegally . 
  a 5 year old child with an extra chromosome . 
  the public gets a voice later . 
  it has to be voted for to be implemented , which means that nothing will actually happen unless you/your representatives vote for the final treaty . 
  it 's democratic , it 's just that the actual negotiation process is hidden so that all of the parties can get a good deal in the final proposal . 
  this proposal is then voted on , so the public does have a voice , a voice in deciding whether it will actually become a law . 
  it is absolutely democratic , it 's just that morons like you have no understanding of how any of this works . 
  lobbyists and corporations do n't get any more access than the general public . 
  part of the reason for secrecy is to stop lobbyists and corporations from fucking the whole process up . 
  the negotiations are secret . 
  that 's how pretty much all international negotiations are held . 
  negotiating is really , really hard when everything is under public scrutiny and you 're getting lobbied hard by everyone who does n't like what you 're currently saying . 
  it 's still democratic , because once the negotiation is finished the treaty is open to the public to read , and then it has to be voted for . 
  the only secret bit is the negotiating process . 
  at the end you or your representatives will be allowed to vote for or against it , and only if it gets a majority for will it have any effect on your life . 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  i do n't really care what people want to do in their bedrooms . 
  it 's not going to happen , but if they made the changes necessary and joined it would be fucking awesome . 
  europe would be the number 1 world power without a doubt . 
  uhhhh it 's not just russia pushing homophobia , poland is pretty fucking homophobic and they all fucking loathe russia , and they have a completely different religion . 
  he was talking about establishing education in north africa ** and ** mass immigration . 
  like i said i have no problem with immigrants , it 's just that i think ignoring falling birth rates and instead bringing in shitloads of people from other countries is a bad idea . 
  euroscepticism is something that people are generally very open and public about . 
  if anything , i 'd expect closet europhiles . 
  no , but just not doing anything about shit birthrates and just importing poor , uneducated people from other countries to make up for terrible birthrates is a terrible solution . 
  i 'm pro immigration , but i do n't think we should just ignore falling birth rates . 
  we 're most likely going to stay , but i 'm really fucking worried , especially with the right wing media having another 2 years to bombard everyone with their bullshit . 
  that 's a bit scilly !, 
  it is based on height , so for most people it 's fine , but if you are like really , really tall ( something like 6 ' 7 ) it would be a problem . 
  well , i think that they should let new members integrate bit by bit , because you ca n't just change everything in your country in a day , but it 's a bit ridiculous that the uk has been in for ages and we still refuse to integrate properly . 
  fatties who want to claim that it 's all muscle , even though they 've never been to the gym in their lives . 
  blocked in uk . 
  very few people are so fit and so muscly that bmi wo n't work . 
  it 's bad for pro athletes , but almost everyone else will get an accurate number . 
  i do n't think that destroying things and attacking people is `` democracy '' . 
  still fucking shitty people . 
  they want to beat the shit out of anyone who does n't agree with them , they 're not really any better than fascists . 
  no , unemployment is very bad , and the people who do get jobs are generally stuck doing shit work with awful contracts . 
  it 's really terrible . 
  i prefer lib dems or labour . 
  not a fan of the tories right now , a lot of the cuts they 're doing are n't actually necessary for helping the economy , they 're just bullshit cuts to fuck over the poor . 
  also they want an eu referendum , which i think would probably end up being won for staying in the eu , but i would n't want to take the risk of leaving the eu and our economy being fucked . 
  the last one is great . 
  open camps for them to go in neighbouring countries so that they can be safe . 
  send illegal immigrants to these camps , where they will be able to apply to immigrate legally , based on whether they are still in danger , and based on what skills they have . 
  eh , i 'm all for their self determination , but they should really stop being a tax haven . 
  we were given a referendum , and i , as well as the majority of other people in scotland voted to stay in the uk . 
  now fuck off , you butthurt snp twat . 
  i support keeping them and upgrading them . 
  most people support keeping them , support for continuing to upgrade them is fairly split , but there is a very vocal minority who hate nuclear weapons . 
  maybe both . 
  in spain ( i do n't know about the other countries with late ages , but i 'm guessing it would be similar ) , there is n't as much pressure to leave the parents house , but now since the economy is so bad and it 's hard to find a decent job , there 's even more pressure to stay at your parents house because otherwise you 'd be living on the street . 
  150 people were killed , 500 were injured and a church had its roof blown off . 
  if that 's not terrorism , then i do n't know what is . 
  i have spanish and british citizenship . 
  i think it 's unlikely that anyone will be made to choose just one , but if europe moves closer to federalism , a `` european citizenship '' would be a possibility . 
  yeah , and the pro russians do n't let them go to a lot of places . 
  they still think there was a russian sub , this is just saying that what they thought was a picture of a sub turned out to be a boat . 
  people do n't really talk about him . 
  but when people do talk about him , he is viewed with quite a lot of respect . 
  extremist logic : going to a rich , western country where your human rights are respected and you have freedom and a good standard of living , from a poor shithole where you have none of those things , and then complaining that this country is too different from the shithole you left . 
  rich spoiled teenagers claiming to be oppressed even though they 're rich as shit and have never had to deal with any hardship in their sheltered lives . 
  no , but it is a reason to think twice before throwing away your ultimate deterrent against war because `` its expensive and sp00ky !!!! 11 !!!!!!, 
  we might not get another nazi germany , or ussr , intent on destroying us , but if you look at history you 'll see that it has happened quite often , and it 's likely that it 'll happen again . 
  unsafe , and fucking angry at the hippy idiots who campaign for it . 
  it would be a huge mistake to get rid of them . 
  mate , my name is making fun of people who believe in idiot conspiracies blaming teh space joos for everything bad that happens . 
  the name is poking fun at the racist arseholes who claim that anyone who does n't hate jews is a `` jidf shill '' . 
  argentina can eat a cock . 
  if they try anything we 'll just send in the royal marines again and fucking crush the wankers . 
  in spain and the uk it 's fine for homosexuals . 
  they can marry in both countries , and adopt kids .
