  yet every old mac i have seen was qzerty , while others were all qwerty . 
  italian here . 
  my keyboard is qwerty but the parentheses are all like that . 
  to write { you need alt gr + shift + \u00e8, 
  italy : rossi means `` reds '' followed other common surnames are `` verdi '' ( greens ) `` bianchi '' ( whites ) . 
  no [ browns ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-j0b0li7jzpw/t1c5c9u8dri/aaaaaaaaa3o/ynvvxrtjwtw/s1600/back-to-the-future.jpg ) though ( which would be marroni ) hmm . 
  just realised [ we might be up to something ] ( http://www.comune.rufina.fi.it/opencms/multimedia/images/upload/med/2/1257424722226_20081013145552_bandiera_italiana.jpg ), 
  the problem is that if spanish law works like the italian one , it is fine to download stuff , but you ca n't upload it . 
  so mega.com is legal for example . 
  bittorrent and all other peer to peer networks are not , because the instant you download a chunk of a file , you start uploading it to someone else . 
  to paraphrase churchill , it 's not impossible , but it would be useless . 
  we do n't realise it . 
  europe is `` that bunch of politicians up north '' who are n't really any different from `` that bunch of politicians in rome '' . 
  if anything , they 're even more annoying , because when europe makes laws ( most of which we consider useless ) they really care that we follow them , which is in utter contrast with how we 're used to deal with laws . 
  i have to be the grammar nazi ( or fascist in this case ? ), 
  it 's nuova ( not nuevo ) and nazionale ( not nationale ), 
  the only fascist we had was fini , who had his nose broken in his youth when he was posing as a neofascist and went around beating people up . 
  he received no votes and has been kicked out . 
  it 's not like we were n't mad , back then . 
  but if you really want to try your luck , look like the saviour , the one and only solution , it 's much better to do something big but `` una tantum '' rather than adding weights on people every day . 
  something quick and painless like a sudden bank withdrawal is surely a big hit , but at least you also realise that it 's not going to happen again . 
  there is only one thing to be certain , with taxes : they will never go away , ever . 
  no it was monti . 
  go look it up . 
  i only know him from his work in italy and he seemed like an idiot . 
  maybe it 's because it 's midnight , but i had n't noticed the paler red in your flag . 
  so i am going to apologise for mistaking you as one of us . 
  no , he did not do anything . 
  he just increased taxes . 
  and what do you get when you increase taxes ( by so much ) ? 
  scared people . 
  people afraid to spend . 
  thus , market contraction , which spirals down into more of a a crisis . 
  he increased vat by one point ( from 20 % to 21 , and menaced to increase it by other two ) . 
  he reintroduced the tax on your first house . 
  he put a tax on fuel . 
  it increased by twelve cents overnight . 
  that is not how you tax people when you want to get out of a crisis . 
  he taxed everyone , including the poor soul who has a shitty home and has to drive his car to get to work . 
  while all this , to the rich , did n't matter , because they could afford paying that . 
  you want to tax people ? 
  take the money out of their bank account . 
  like they already did in 1991 . 
  overnight ( and no warning at all , either ! ), 
  * everyone * woke up with about 1 % less money in their bank account . 
  now that is something that hits everyone equally . 
  his way , instead , those taxes might have meant ending up with no savings whatsoever at the end of the month for the poor , and nothing at all for the rich . 
  does it seem equal ? 
  yeah because going back to the penultimate election when prodi won he totally was in charge ... right ... 
  all polls closed at 3:30 pm . 
  there is only one timezone . 
  seriously ? 
  have n't you realised how much worse the `` crisis '' has become ever since monti went to power ? 
  he has squeezes every dime and every ounce of hope out of us . 
  why ? 
  because of high finance , international speculations and who knows what else for . 
  we 're not as screwed as we 're portrayed . 
  everything was fine , the day he appeared everyone was struggling to buy food . 
  does n't it seem a bit suspicious ? 
  anything but monti . 
  even vendola and his boyfriend , but please oh god no not monti again, 
  but also habebimus papam, 
   we can have nice things again i did n't know we had stem cells back in the roman times, 
  but there is another prophecy saying that when the coliseum will crumble the world will end !, 
  here i was thinking how little solar we use and how much more we could use , how stupid of a country we are etc etc. 
  and now i find out we 're second in the world , with about three times more power than the third best . 
  so it looks like it is n't italy who sucks . 
  it 's the whole world . 
  you know it 's like the english word `` fuck '' and one can fucking add any fucking word he fucking pleases to his fucking speech , especially in his fucking own language . 
  which is the first step to gay marriage , and then pet marriage , legalised manslaughter and satanism . 
  right ? 
  right ?? 
  and leonardo da vinci in bologna !, 
  italian . 
  had to get to 4th panel to get it, 
  surely not when you are writing in a text field , right ? 
  anyway mine does not do it, 
  italy too, 
  or , right alt + e, 
  as someone who used to have banknotes worth 52 cents ... 
  there should be a 1 $ note, 
  that map was immensely accurate . 
  they did n't add any new denomination . 
  it 's simply a redesign . 
  euro banknotes have always been 5 , 10 , 20 , 50 , 100 , 200 and 500 . 
  200 euro though are some of the most rare things in the world imho . 
  i only remember seeing one or two on my father 's desk back in 2002-2003 . 
  then maybe one in 2005 . 
  then they completely disappeared . 
  not one around . 
  austria would take south tyrol, 
  probably because italian girls are accustomed to italian men and do n't find them `` extravagantly exotic '', 
  portugal italy greece spain . 
  you seem to have an extra i. 
  also switzerland , the uk and ireland are in the same group , and they do n't seem to be going that bad . 
  you also have the world 's fastest ipv6 adoption rate . 
  also one of you stole my girl . 
  5 parts tea , 1 part milk, 
  yes . 
  most definitely .
