  but again , i do n't care . 
  it 's there , it 's a basic service that everyone is entitled to . 
  you do n't want it , you can afford private ? 
  perfect !, 
  but you 'll still have to pay the `` insurance '' for everyone else , because someday you might find yourself without a penny , and that day everyone else will pay insurance for you, 
   when i 'm never going to need it i would never wish any of this to anyone , but ... 
  wait for the day you 'll break your arm , and walk out of the hospital with all of your money . 
  or the day you 'll get old and need dialysis . 
  then you 'll maybe change your mind, 
  i live 200 km from it and happily slept through . 
  thankfully . 
  i am terrified of earthquakes . 
  or , use [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) for auto-escaping, 
  to fix the parentheses in the links , you should escape them , which means adding a \\ before the offending character [ http://example.com/trytoescapeme\\\\ ( pleasedo \\ \\ ) ] ( http://example.com/trytoescapeme\\ ( pleasedo \\ ) ), 
  where my flair says , italy, 
  the fact that i sadly live in a country that is n't doing too well right now does not mean that i do not approve of austerity . 
  right now , over here , it is being done completely wrong , though it is something we have to go through to get out of this mess . 
  rest of europe : that woman has square balls and will get us ( or at least her own country , if things go really bad ) out of the crisis . 
  shut up . 
  whole of italy : prodi is an idiot, 
  easy to look after ? 
  mountains to the north , large uninhabited areas where people could sneak in , and miles and miles of coast on a calm sea where boats can land safely without being noticed . 
  mr grumpypants , i 'm italian , and i 'd be the first to go down to pantelleria and kick them all back . 
  but it is n't as simple . 
  sure it does : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooldewpcfzq, 
  apparently http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g864l5lphf4&amp;ob=av2e, 
  update : get your kitten farm going , it passed . 
  against . 
  i agree with the common market , as for the rest , can we please stay within our borders ? 
  they 're there for a reason . 
   people have nothing better to do with their lives than get drunk every evening and then knocked up , etc. 
  judging by the noises coming from the bar i have downstairs , it 's already happening . 
  and i do n't like it at all . 
  people , always complaining you 're out of money , just stay the fuck at home and do n't waste your life and your finances !, 
  it 's not about what they do in the privacy of their house . 
  fuck on !, 
  i care about the planned subversion of our society . 
  all the destroyed families . 
  all the traumatised children . 
  all the legal expense waste . 
  no , but at least you 'd think twice before marrying somebody , having children , changing your mind , divorce drama , lawyers , child support , child assignment , children bouncing from one parent to another , getting `` brothers '' from second marriages from both sides , hating step-fathers and - mothers and stuff . 
  you like that woman ? 
  you sure ? 
  really ? 
  really really ? 
  fine , now do n't complain . 
  because marriage was , in the end , a way to keep two people bonded togetherforever to make children and raise them . 
  between divorce , same sex couples , childless couples , what 's the point of calling it marriage anymore ? 
  just call it `` selective fucking '' and that 's it !, 
  also the difference between male and female is n't in one 's brain , it 's in their dna . 
  you want to be called a woman ? 
  whops sorry , your dna says something else , * sir *, 
  well , the `` freedom of sex self-definition '' and support for same sex marriage is the most prominent problem i have with them, 
  i just read the page you linked . 
  yes , i did read it , no , apart from the internet freedom , i do not like the part about the meatspace rules, 
  yeah , but apart from the pirate part , they 're the exact opposite of what i 'd vote for, 
  as an italian , i laughed, 
  yeah , we did invade it , and we are still paying taxes on petrol to finance the war . 
  at least silvio did n't keep adding new taxes every day, 
  sorry , no thanks, 
  [ random urban skiing in genoa ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmrg9v3g8p8 ), 
  we never force anyone . 
  we just make offers that one ca n't refuse, 
  you 're welcome . 
  glad i could help to shine some more light on this obscure argument, 
   the widely-respected technocrat no , he 's an idiot, 
  nah , the shops that have those signs do not accept credit card either . 
  cash , or get the fuck out, 
  well it 's like signs in shops you can see here in italy . 
  `` we 'll begin accepting cheques starting tomorrow '' then tomorrow comes and the sign is still there . 
  actually , judging by the layers of dust you see on many of them , it looks like they 've been put up in the 60s , or at most 70s, 
  i like it how fucked up our system is . 
  it 's a fucking up that has lasted centuries and has finally come to a delicate yet stable equilibrium . 
  no need to refuck it up now . 
  also , i support the northern italian secessionist party . 
  i sure do n't want to get any more tied to anyone . 
  i 'm sorry , but no thanks . 
  looks like i 'll move to ukraine, 
  schultze gets the blues bienvenue chez les ch ` tis rien \u00e0 declarer, 
  selfishly speaking , i am glad they continue up north :-p but yes , all of this is unacceptable . 
  they should n't be able to get in the eu , not the single countries . 
  i am quite surprised that the eu bureaucrats , there , up north , where the immigration problem is much worse , have such a soft touch on the issue . 
  maybe they do n't understand that those who get to pantelleria then get up there , maybe they just think they 'll stop here in italy . 
  because sincerely , who cares about italy nowadays ? 
  why ? 
  now we have become even more of europe 's dumpster ? 
  fuck it . 
  we had a treaty with libya . 
  we would give them some money , and they would use it to keep those people out of their borders themselves , so that they did n't have to go through the dangerous sea and sell themselves to the illegal human traffickers . 
  illegal immigrants that managed to get on a boat to italy were seen as a breach of the treaty , and sent them back . 
  spain shoots at them . 
  malta does n't give a shit about anyone . 
  there are many reports of maltese ships seeing the boats and just sailing away . 
  when they manage to get ashore we have to cure them , feed them , give them water and a place to stay . 
  we were tired of this crap and made sure libya stopped it on their side . 
  and now they come and tell us we ca n't do it ? 
  except that we 're all under the mighty euro . 
  if one goes down , everyone does . 
  monti is acting up because he 's pressed by the european commission . 
  ftfy,
