  nobody even knows what alfredo sauce means, 
  of course . 
  he always did things right . 
  so are ours !, 
  we put them in coffee, 
  galletti are terrifyingly fat . 
  then again , any cookie is . 
  ever tried macine ? 
  it means millstone . 
  they 're just as heavy on your stomach, 
  apparently eating cookies for breakfast is n't a thing , abroad, 
  for example , i do n't know any person eating lunch at 3 . 
  it 's 1:30 max, 
  no , the opposite . 
  all gypsies are beggars . 
  beggars as a lifestyle , not as a need . 
  north italy : pretty much the same thing , except my experience with really close friends is that we do n't need hugs , kisses , handshakes ... just a nod and an insult, 
  we ca n't default . 
  we 're too big to bail out . 
  if we go down , everyone else goes down too, 
  looks lie we need to amputate right below the knee ... 
   kids smart enough will go vote people that do n't care about politics will not go uhh when i was 17 and 11 months old we had an election i could n't take part in . 
  i was so incredibly angry because i wanted to vote . 
  whom for ? 
  did n't matter , as long as i could vote . 
  which , looking back to it now , is completely demented . 
  i propose to increase voting age to 21 or 25 , the latter of which is still the age requirement to vote for the senate here, 
  a parallel economy will arise . 
  not with cash but physical goods . 
  no way shopkeepers will accept taking plastic only . 
  hidden economies are what keep prices low and people alive . 
  they also result in shitty infrastructure , though , but in times of need i do n't think many people care . 
   handling cash is very costly for a business because fees for every transaction are n't expensive right ? 
  in order : meh , good , awesome , nopenopenope, 
  that chart is false . 
  the minimum it says is 9 , while the most popular internet speed here in italy is 7 . 
  well just yesterday i drove 877 km . 
  ok it 's not a common thing , it 's actually my personal record so far . 
  but it 's not like every single park spot has a recharge column ... yet, 
  hehe , had the chance to be with some telecom italia salespeople and i asked them `` are you ready to have your pipes stuffed full by netflix ? '', 
  they just sighed ... 
  pappararappa !, 
  papparararappa !, 
  pappararappa !, 
  papparararappa !, 
   is based on multilateral co-operation . 
  it is too slow , and it is too ineffective . 
  so bomb the shit out of polluters ? 
  i 'm up for that edit : go look up `` irony '' on the dictionary, 
  i do not trust the eu in general but these things give me a warm fuzzy feeling, 
  i 'm in for that . 
  almost . 
  then a tornado comes by and whoosh , all gone . 
  the only leaf spring i remember seeing was on a train built in the 70s, 
  how about hating the people living 5 km away because ... well nobody really remembers why ? 
  happens . 
  more than you 'd imagine . 
  wait , seriously ? 
  one single solid axle even in the 70s ? 
  slip slippery slippy !, 
   going fast through corners puzzled them gold . 
  pure gold . 
  driving is only fun on long , winding roads dammit !, 
  anyone is good at driving straight !, 
  yeah , sure is nice , but do you really need all that space , all the time ? 
  must have terrible mileage, 
  huh , interesting . 
  in which way did it confuse people ? 
  i have always had this kind of dream of going to the us , rebuild my house with concrete and bricks , put blinds on the windows , huge steel door , and a bidet in the bathroom . 
  just to piss people off . 
  so i 'm interested, 
  i * do * want to close it . 
  in a cell and throw the key, 
  decemvrezerg , can you stop deleting your posts after i reply to you ? 
  probably the user i replied to understood , because he deleted his comment anyway it was something along the line of `` scientists get sentenced for not foreseeing earthquakes and all those crazy religious nutjobs do n't get a minute in prison for believing in their imaginary friend ? 
  double standards lol , amirite r/atheism ? '', 
  i 'm also smelling pure copypasta from another thread . 
  no , i do not , and i recognise my error , but i 'd much prefer to be corrected rather than mocked, 
  oh fuck you , you 're just doing it to embarrass me more and more . 
  i know you know i do n't know , and i know you 're just sitting there giggling from the top of your knowlegde . 
  so you you know what ? 
  fuck you . 
  why did n't you point that out if you know it so well , then ? 
  still , not anyone can do that . 
  so we avoid the problem of sharia tribunals . 
  and that 's all that matters to me . 
  cue downvotes, 
  i ca n't , because arbitration does not exist in italy . 
  we have `` mediators '' , people with knowledge of the law , part of local registries , who can help the two parties achieve an autonomous settlement . 
  mediators can not anyway decide anything definitely , only judges can do so . 
  and here lies the problem . 
  by allowing anyone to make a final , compelling decision on a matter based on his own ideas , stuff like these sharia tribunals end up existing and being recognised . 
  arbitration can not be done by the first idiot who comes by . 
  these arbiters must be at least approved people , that know and follow the real laws . 
  otherwise , shit like this happens, 
  the opening of the olympics would do , too, 
  ca n't type on my laptop ? 
  at least it 's outside , so smoke should disperse . 
  but we all know how smoke always goes towards the one who likes it the least, 
  in italy , we introduced a ban on smoking in public places about 8 years ago .
