i think most people would consider a fta to be hard brexit . 
  it probably would n't be ready by the time we leave anyway . 
  it means that the uk will leave the single market and customs union . 
   so the british want to choose between a centrist and a center right party ? 
  that is an accurate assessment . 
  theresa may got elected leader without there without there even being a vote as everyone else dropped out . 
  ca n't say that i am unhappy with the outcome but it was a bit unfair on the party membership . 
  today i have been mostly rubbing my hands in glee at the thought of a conservative century . 
  whilst i condemn violence or abuse of anyone i am sceptical that there has been an increase of crime against eu citizens living in the uk . 
  i have yet to see any actual statistics which show any increase in these types of crimes . 
  if anyone can link some i would happily admit to being wrong . 
  the reporting has all the hallmarks of a classic media panic . 
  well that 's how it 's looks from here in the uk . 
  i can only imagine how it looks from countries outside the eu . 
  it has the whiff of retroactive taxation and the arbitrary seizure of people 's property about it . 
  you can try and justify it , and what you say may technically be true , but this is how it looks . 
  to the rest of the world this must be viewed as mugabe like behaviour . 
   this was literally what the polls were about , apart from the significant number of brexiteers who have since recanted their vote , and those who said they only voted leave because they were upset with cameron . 
  that is complete fiction . 
  who are these recanters ? 
  polling seems to indicate that , if anything , support for brexit has gone up since the vote . 
  i often read about illegal hydroponic cannabis farms being operated by vietnamese people . 
  yes , and it only took 10,000 pub closures and unknown thousands of jobs to achieve this feat . 
  he was quite a lot better than most previous pm 's . 
  he took on the job when the country was in a pitiful state and on the brink of disaster . 
  he did an acceptable job of shoring it up . 
  he deserves some credit for this . 
  as a leave voter i must say that i would be appalled if they did actually throw an extra # 350m a week into the nhs money pit . 
  omg , i give up . 
  it 's not just me . 
  you are likely to see the word ` access ' used again . 
  this is what people mean by it . 
   they sell goods to the eu members based on the wto rules this is what access means . 
  you are conflating access with membership . 
  since this debate started it has been clearly understood by everyone that access means the ability to trade with members of the single market with or without tariffs as the case may be . 
  that is rubbish . 
  do you own any products that were made in china ? 
  if so how did you get them because apparently you think that this should be impossible ? 
  i do think that everything will be fine . 
  the uk wo n't become a basket case like zimbabwe , it just means that we wo n't be quite as wealthy as we potentially could be , which i consider to be a fair exchange for regaining the lost sovereignty . 
  i did n't agree with the experts , and my sentiment appears to be backed up by reality as their post referendum predictions have so far been very wide of the mark . 
  my personal opinion is that we will be fine and probably wealthier than if we stayed in the eu . 
  i am just showing you what the predictions used by the remain side actually were . 
  these were the most pessimistic predictions and they in no way come close to your assertion that leaving the single market would be economic suicide . 
  all indications suggest that we are heading for a hard brexit , which i welcome , so norway 's arrangements wo n't really be relevant . 
  canada does not pay anything , nor does it have to implement eu law . 
  only products that it ships to the eu need to abide with eu regulations . 
  this would be perfectly acceptable for the uk . 
  it 's still a case of not being quite as wealthy as we could be rather than getting poorer . 
  we were talking about access not membership . 
  tabloids like the [ bbc ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36270203 ), 
  [ treasury report ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/517415/treasury_analysis_economic_impact_of_eu_membership_web.pdf ) , [ bbc artical ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36355564 ), 
  almost every country has access to the single market . 
   that does n't mean you will get richer by leaving eu , that means you will be poorer no it does n't mean this . 
  it means that we will get wealthier regardless of whether we leave or remain . 
  however by leaving we will not gain as much as is potentially possible . 
  you are just engaging in wordplay to make it look worse than it actually is . 
  would you consider this economic suicide ? 
  i am not sure that many people would agree . 
   you need to compare it to what would happen if you stayed in you dum dum huh ? 
  this is exactly what my post was about . 
  getting wealthier but at a slower rate is clearly not economic suicide . 
  sure it might mean that the uk slips a few places in global ranking but that would hardly be a disaster . 
  it 's not bullshit , this is what treasuries doomsday worst case scenario predicated . 
  of course the media hyped it up a great deal . 
  it said that by 2030 the average family would still be wealthier than today , but # 4000 less wealthy than if we stayed in . 
  no forecast said that we would get poorer . 
  go and look it up . 
   u.k. mustn ' $ t get competitive edge after brexit , danish pm says he is admitting that being a member of the eu harms your country 's competitiveness . 
   i want to leave the eu economic zone and lose access to the single market committing economic suicide even the remain campaigns worst case scenario found that this would result in the uk still becoming wealthier but at a slower rate . 
  hardly economic suicide . 
  if someone else has the lid and wo n't give it back then you no longer have control . 
   it seems to me that your plan is to have an extremely small amount of trust in the foreign service 's past work and an incredibly large amount of faith in their work in the immediate future at a task that they felt was inadvisable . 
  i have no faith at all in the foreign office . 
  if it were up to me i would have disbanded it and rebuilt from scratch years ago . 
  unfortunately this is n't possible but theresa may has done the next best thing by putting a the uk equivalent of john bolton in charge of the brexit section . 
  first i have heard of this . 
  this is terrifying . 
  i was talking about a deal with the eu but now that you mention it that 's a fine idea . 
  we could start buying more of our food from africa . 
  it would be good for the uk and african farmers . 
  that 's what the uk should get but with services included as well . 
  i do n't know about hacker rank but on some other coding sites there is a massive amount of cheating going with those outside of the first world being especially bad . 
  i completely agree , i have been thinking this for a while . 
  the shy trump voter factor , in that people are too embarrassed to tell pollsters that they are voting for him , is probably quite large as well . 
  now he 's nearly level , assuming that he does n't say something outrageous , i think he 's going to win . 
  ukip are finished as an electoral force . 
  they have achieved their only serious policy objective . 
  they are not going to be a feature in future elections , their support started draining into the tories as soon as it became clear that brexit was going to happen . 
  however if may is seen as backsliding on brexit they will be back and more powerful than she can possibly imagine . 
   brexit was not a mandate to remove the human rights act electing the conservatives in 2015 was though , it was in their manifesto . 
  they have full mandate to go ahead with it . 
  it would be better to increase their national insurance contributions . 
  just like with private insurance people who lead unhealthy lives should pay more . 
  probably politically impossible though . 
  you ca n't sell in imperial measurements then , as i said . 
  if you issue someone with a receipt in pounds in and ounces you will be breaking the law . 
  the best you can do is provide this as supplementary information . 
  are the afd not more center right than far right ?
