  yea no shit i got bad karma because i say shit that pisses hypocrites like you off , and since there are so many of you here , you all try to shut me up by downvoting me to oblivion !, 
  oh the irony , if i wrote a book you 'd probably burn it . 
  / u/yungfambruhgini  he 'll get arrested , and that 's a good thing . 
  i know people like you would probably be glad to be able to scream heil hitler wherever they want but we germans have decided that we do n't want people to incite hatred against others . 
  people like '' * you * '' ? 
  what do you mean * you people * ? 
  lookie here , another assumptious hypocrite . 
  go ahead , label me a bigot or something , give me a little badge to put on , blame me for your weakness for hate speech , and shoot me later when i resist . 
  yea exactly , you germans have decided to ban hate speech , which means you do n't have free speech , which is what the dispute is about mr. germanface . 
  you claim to hate nazis but it seems goebbels work has rubbed off quite well on you with your uniformed opinions . 
  go into your local police station and scream out `` heil hitler !! 1 ! '', 
  and see what happens , mr. germanface . 
  oh , and maybe add in a roman salute for consistency since you guys are big on that . 
  and before you say what i think you 're going to say , go look up what the word ` dissent ' means . 
  well you do sound like an idiot for sporting dogma , so i do n't blame him, 
   oh , now they say the referendum is legally meaningless because london bankers are bitching and some people signed petitions on the internet ?!!!, 
  if they do this , there is going to be civil unrest has n't the penny dropped yet ? 
  oh , i did n't know uk had a whole island for * that * ... 
  sure go ahead , you wo n't have to worry about us sending them back ... 
  / u/spirit _ inc is probably right but i was gon na say that europoors should just forge some identities , put them all on passenger airlines and send them to uk on the day before brexit lmao ... 
  `` right now russia is the country primarily responsible for the ongoing killing in syria that is driving so many people out of their homes and causing unimaginable human suffering . '', 
  their opening statement , the embodiment of their reasoning , * is a straight up lie * . 
  their selected evidence ? 
  a quote from a pamphlet ... 
  i hate to look like a russophile because i 'm a cocksucker and far from it , but why the fuck do i find myself having to sift through a horde of misinforming bullshit on the same stupid fucking topic ? 
  syria is the primary country responsible , u.s. & friends are the second , while russia & friends excluding syria are the third . 
  this is obvious to anybody who observes * primary sources * instead of believing paid-for hearsay and statistics ( secondary sources ) . 
  so in other words you blockaded the russian embassy because you 're either warmongers , a bunch of idiots or both . 
  i will go with both . 
  secretly ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm pretty sure taking the piss out of foreigners standards does n't count as hiding . 
  how ironic that the democratic party is complaining about russians supporting trump given their lucrative history with communists and their russian money ... 
  i could n't agree more ... or less ... 
  i was joking , romania is good country to live in . 
  statistics can not really measure * quality * . 
  the value of $ $ $ varies depending where you are , which is why countries like saudi arabia may be rich , but are shit holes . 
  even if you got shitty shanty town infrastructure , there is a clear ` quality ' of life in romania that is not present in most places , in some ways they are more ` wealthier ' than than west westerners . 
  developed ? 
  bullshit/dogma opinions that always look and sound exactly the same because media companies pump them into everything . 
  `` everything is one , we are all god '' `` we need to lower emissions , too much carbonmcdonalds in the atmosphere '' `` the definition of marriage is between a man and a woman '' `` jooz did 911 '' etc. 
  they all have grains of truth ofc but the point is they only get circulated around social media because somebody wants to sell something . 
   lol an australian giving us european history lesson . 
  every time lmao , europoors and their pride  :d maybe ... just maybe ... 
  i am also european  im gon na pass on vichy . 
  it was dark days , maybe you want me to bring australia 's dark days too ? 
  how you 've been treating arboriginals since , ever , or how fundamentaly racist your country is ? 
  i know it , been there twice mate . 
  well i do n't know what you meant there explain a bit more ... but yeah like we say , england has always been france 's worst friend or france 's best ennemy . 
  not germany , england . 
  haha , i think you misunderstood , i was not bashing france . 
  i 'm implying that the holy roman empire * will * have its revenge . 
  i do n't like the vast majority of this sub 's paid-for-opinion bullshit , but i have to deal with it , so you have to deal with the term pigs . 
  lmfao idiot it was joke , i 'm talking about * p.i.g.s. 
  socialist pigs are up to something, 
  naww , france can be so cute . 
  france has been being prepared for a post-nato militarist regime since de gualle . 
  do n't forget how placid vichy was , do n't forget about napoleon and * why * the french became ` friends ' with britain in the first place . 
  you 'd be surprised how deep many of these wounds go . 
  the beginning of wwii ? 
  um , france & britain * chose * to uphold a treaty and declare war on germany * after this invasion * . 
  also , the soviet union invaded poland ( had been planning to for some time ) , so the ` western good guys ' literally had a couple months to sit back and go hmmmm which one of these mutts shall we put down first , ey laddies ? 
  better than most i guess, 
  i shall, 
  ahh the irish, 
  the problem for italy is that half of mussolini 's giovanezza grew up to become emigrants, 
  oddly enough , italy does n't look too bad, 
  shhh do n't give the germans ideas ... just wait 'til they stop repressing the ` prussian ' question . 
   it always fascinated me how germany went crazy . 
  as many people have said , nobody wanted to believe at first that the nation of goethe and bach turned so evil . 
  why ? 
  because they committed persecution , exodus and genocide against an ethnic minority ? 
  if that is the case then * all * the allied countries were already crazy and evil long before * and after * nazi germany . 
  in-group = atheists out-group = theists ( your logic ), 
  vlad make kebab, 
  no offence but shit stirring kosovo ca n't talk, 
  bahahahahhaahahaha love that bit, 
  roma, 
  hurr durr well you should know mr. 
  classicist that the roman empire was not democratic and it most resembles fascism with corporatist economics . 
  how would you know ? 
  to all the people blabbering on about how democracy has been the most successful system , you are all wrong . 
  existentially speaking , the roman empire was the most successful state of all time , and its principle was * strength * beyond everything . 
   sorry , but what ? 
  this is just too much confusion in just one paragraph . 
  people that demonstrate for piece and against racial-motivated violence is creating hatred ? 
  okay , yeah , they show that they do n't like facists , but that does not mean that they would commit crimes against them , or that their goal is to stir up enough hatred so that others might commit crimes . 
  it is indirectly dehumanising people because they protest against a ` fascist-enemy ' persona , and anybody who * says * something that resembles said persona , gets treated as if they 're actually an enemy ; a 'cause r of racial-motivated violence ' . 
   the one that commit crimes from that side are left-autonomes which are just as a problem as nazi 's and that the police fight as well ( just see the street-fights at every first of march ) and the same thing can be said for fascists , most blackshirts back then were good-hearted people generally doing good things despite being manipulated . 
  yet there is a double-standard being applied for ` the enemy ' . 
   i do n't care why facists start to spread hatred at the first palce , but that they do is the crime here . 
  we will never end , or at least limit the circle of bloodshead and hatred if we do n't stop the people screaming to spread it . 
  that 's the problem . 
  i told you * why * they start to spread hatred , it 's because there is an enemy persona and double standard towards anybody who gets labelled in association with said persona . 
  * it 's people like you ... *  we will never end , or at least limit the circle of bloodshead and hatred if we do n't stop the people screaming to spread it . 
  sigh , what people say and what people do are different . 
  just because you say that * they * are the people who cause bloodshed by calling for bloodshed , does n't mean that they are the cause . 
  their ` callings ' are a symptom of desperation , if you want to shut them up then you need to address the desperation . 
  ostricising them is the major cause of desperation , most nazis in germany have an association to east germany or feel deeply wronged for some retarded reason . 
  many are angry that jews and now muslims get more recognition and humanitarian empathy than their own folk .
