  some concepts just do n't hold true anymore . 
  i know what you 're trying to say , but latin is a dead language and it is not just a verbal language like english or italian , it contains a entire cosmology of metaphysics , which is really what i was trying to highlight . 
   anyway i do agree that we in the information age there is some kind of dichotomy . 
  while information and historical data is easily accessible and everything is becoming more and more researched and analyzed , at the same time the whopping mass of information available has led to people mostly confining themselves within certain boundaries or giving more relevancy to recent information ( although the recency issue has always been around for humans ) , casting shadows over past events that would help us so much understand our present if only people had studied more about them . 
  that , and the `` resonant chamber '' effect internet has . 
    and in italy this is especially stronger as we suffer from `` damnatio memoriae '' in regards to everything that happened with wwii , which spills over and taints also neighbouring ( time-wise ) periods like wwi and the post-war . 
  some things were definitely great for italy ( and some were most definitely not ) , but all was thrown in the trash can and forgotten . 
  yea , these are two * great * points . 
  i think people will come to it soon , just like the decay of fascism it wo n't be long until people realise their negligence is n't working . 
  history repeats itself . 
   so yes , i do believe strongly that in the information age we sorely lack education to give people the means to properly analyze information before absorbing it . 
  we should do something about this , as it is becoming more critical as time goes on . 
  recent events are definitely showing this effect ( us elections , brexit ... ) and they should serve as cautionary tales for the future we are about to face . 
  this is the * best * part , yup !, 
  people have put so much faith into their representative democratic system that they have forgotten there are other systems , and that the winds of change are blowing . 
  i 'm not saying democracy is evil , but treating a democratic constitution like a religious scripture has its consequences ( in my opinion i think democracy should be used to veto policies , giving the uneducated the power to prevent politicians from exploiting them , instead of selecting politicians who mislead them into exploiting them ) . 
   as for your studies , bologna is a very good place if you plan to study in italy . 
  very old and respected university , with one of the most vivid student scenes i have ever seen ( and i 've travelled quite a bit ) and enjoyed , also being close to where i am originally from . 
  awesome , thank you !, 
   what the fuck am i reading dude ? 
  i 'm not the biggest antifascist in italy for sure , but what you are saying is just a mess . 
  there 's no place anymore for even a light state ideology anymore in europe , for a long time . 
  while this could be bad in some aspects , trying enforcing something like this would be absolutely detrimental . 
  blah blah blah , that 's what i read . 
   most of all corporativism , whichever the sense you are giving it , does n't work in italy , an only took place during the fascist ventennio , if it ever did . 
  no , you do n't know what corporatism is , because you are not an expert on fascism , and you are not an expert on the 12 000 years of human civilisation , you are not an expert on the roman empire , the etruscan religion/society nor the symbolism and primitive sciences associated with the fasces . 
  you also do not know the connection between corporatism 's tripartite model and light polarisation ( red , blue and green colours ) , additionally you are not an expert on etymology of latin and indo-european languages , and have not realised the connection between a number of words such as calendar , ` chiamare ' , calories , colour , carbon etc. 
   the problem in italy is corruption , high bureaucracy , tax evasion , and organized crime . 
  while a good cohesion from the population could partially help with it , taking out of the closet abstract ideologies and movements just means fuck all . 
  and you did n't read my comment for shit  ok , i read you other post . 
  while they are well thought and content from your point of view , you are absolutely messing with things . 
  you are confusing a political , economical and social reform my country needs with talking about classical and mostly philosophical stuff . 
  your conversation is just something that should be held in a class , it has anything to do with the factual reality of a country , nor its economy , nor its people . 
  yours are just abstractions on a culture , the same abstractions that have been said on russia from the western world since the rose of the cccp . 
  they can help enter in a country mentality , but they do n't have to be absolutely confused with the crude reality , or with crude reality dealing stuff like its political or social environment . 
  you can make whatever acclamations you want , but nobody ultimately gives a shit , because i can elaborate on everything i say forever and ever and ever , and all you can do is just say ` you 're a mess , you 're wrong , you do n't know what you 're talking about ' , yet you can not justify , explain or go into * any * detail as to why your points are valid , why mine are not , and how they conflict . 
  it 's just dribble . 
  this is reddit not the fucking parliament , i can say whatever the fuck i want . 
   too add , you cited gentile . 
  are you aware of the number of people that ever heard of him ? 
  on my philosophy text i used at my liceo he had just a one page paragraph reserved , my professor simply cited him . 
  and god forbids you ever go to italy and start telling the same things you wrote to a university student . 
  you are gon na get eaten alive . 
  my same friends , whenever i say something vaguely of right winged , take off the fascist argument immediately . 
  anything fascist related is still strongly ostracized in italy , surprisingly more by youngsters with higher education background than adults of old people . 
  this is getting controverse , but our intellectual scene always strongly emphasized the negativity of fascism for good and/or for bad , but at the cost of mostly reducing it to simply `` evil '' , diluting its historical value . 
  pretty similar thing for fururism : many students simply associate with fascist art . 
  what i mean is that you do n't simply walk around in italy and start talking about collettivism , futurism , even italinism . 
  higher education people will oppose to you , lower education ones will simply do n't understand . 
  while i 'm happy an australian can make these talks , it also show how much you are detached from my country . 
  while it does appear i am being hostile towards you , i appreciate this comment for your honesty , but the truth is i do n't give a fuck . 
  i will be honest with other people who are honest ( like you ) , and i will tell dishonest people what they want to hear to get my ideas wherever they need to go . 
   while i 'm happy an australian can make these talks , it also show how much you are detached from my country . 
  that 's because i am detached from your country , i live in australia , it does n't mean i 'm wrong it just means people in your country would n't agree with me , but to quote the fascists , it does n't matter if only one person has the most merited opinion , if it is the best one it is the one to go with . 
  learn from mussolini 's life and death , people will change their minds in 5 seconds if they understand that it is in their interests . 
  ( seperate comment , cbf waiting cos karma ) / u/marslumograph and i 'm going to elaborate because you politely asked me ? 
   this goes even further beyond what i thought , but i guess because you are a philosopher while my endeavours are very different . 
  ( how come do you know so much about italian culture , if i may ask ? ), 
  i grew up in an italian speaking household , one side is a post-war immigrant family , other side is modern european italian . 
  though our family is n't political at all , i happen to be a descendent of a notable blackshirt/cavaliere , and being australian , have been able to see things from both sides of the coin to have developed a ` middle road ' stance ( plus a background in archaeology ) . 
   i myself have never thought of `` resiliency '' as a characteristic trait of italian culture . 
  but historically it does makes sense , as italian culture has been able to survive ( with the proper mutations ) for such a long time despite pressure on all sides , and while being somewhat of a gate to europe for asia/middle east . 
  resiliency is a trait of all forms of culture because culture means ` about to grow ' ( see latin ` culturus ' ) , but the thing is what people call ` culture ' is n't necessarily culture , which is something i 've noticed to be particularly relevant here in australia . 
  whatever happens to be italian culture * is resiliency for italians * , it was what assures they will continue to grow ( and had been in the past for the reasons you have mentioned ) . 
   thanks for the food for thought , really . 
  i wish more of my fellow countrymen would reflect on this perspective , unfortunately as of now they are mostly grounded in the present or short term past/future . 
  but it is no wonder really , as our country has been somewhat made anew 150 years ago , and this is reflected in the mindset . 
  oooh i notice this too , especially here in australia . 
  i 'm starting to think this a big problem everywhere , but look at our conversation , we are being honest with each other , are n't we ? 
  it seems to me that when people are dishonest with themselves , they buy into bullshit because they ca n't help it , and on the contrary , the more honest you are , the more bullshit you end up selling because you end up being forced to dodge everybody else 's bullshit : mussolini , berlusconi , renzi , grillo , pope francis , whoever . 
  we got ta fix education ( not schooling , but leading outwards ; ex + ducatio ) , i plan on studying in europe and i think i 'm going to choose bologna , and i 'm going to take this agenda with me heuheuheuheuh, 
   i love you . 
  i love you too . 
   while having shared your thought for a long time , i am not sure what do you exactly mean with `` most consistent ethics '' . 
  could you elaborate a bit more on them , if you do not mind ? 
  well that 's the actual thing , it really is n't anything objective , more so * whatever happens to survive as the most consistent ethics * . 
  as of 2016 , i would say elements of platonism , roman/etruscan religion/calendar/whatever this is . . also latinism , not necessarily the language itself ( though obviously i endorse it ) , but more so the logic embodied within its metaphysics ( which is actually relevant to that old roman/etruscan tradition ) . 
  i would say , and one of few things that maybe mussolini had right , is really the concept of ` forza ' . 
  what i mean by this conception of strength , is the ability or flexibility to resist pressure . 
  basically ` bella figura ' . 
  because of italy 's history with the roman empire , byzantine empire , catholicism , gallic/germanic feudalism , holy roman empire , merchant republics , mafia & fascism , it needs a * corporatist * economic policy to succeed . 
  neo-fascism is not necessarily the answer , at least not in a bigoted patriotic sense , but it needs some kind of tripartite model where * cultural corporations ( that perpetually grow ) * mediate the organic and mechanic functions of the nation as a collective . 
  in my opinion , italy first needs to grow out of it 's napoleon/mussolini strongman machoism , re-establish a * collective * cult of personality e.g. 
  revering the spirit of romanity/italianism/mediterraneanism , instead of whoever fits the glove of il duce , purge the mafia and poisonous ngos , and finally turn on the vatican , brussels , washington & moscow * all at the same time * ( italy does not need many friends ) . 
  it should also re-adopt gentile 's actual idealism , while distancing it from mussolini and fascism , and re-invigorate it as a national philosophy to combat catholicism , capitalism , communism and most importantly form a middle ground between conservatism and progressivism , traditionalism and futurism etc. 
  berlusconi 's vitality , renzi 's ambition , and grillo 's populism are all indirect symptoms of this desire to return to a true corporatist system , embodied by italy 's most consistent ethics . 
  is this german latin or something because the pronunciation is half church and half classical ? 
  seriously , just do classical , the phonology is specifically ordinated for native * latin * . 
  ecclesiastical and neo-latin are an imitation of greek/byzantine phonological systems that are designed to work with christian scripture . 
  classical pronunciation is designed to work with roman law & the calendar , which is more relevant to whatever the fuck the eu is trying to do . 
  languages i know/been learning for years : * english , * * italian , * * a dialect of neapolitan , * * french , * * latin , * languages i 've been learning relatively recently : * spanish , * * german , * * greek , *, 
  i 'm also italian , and a direct descendent of a notable blackshirt & cavaliere . 
   balkans in the 90s , everyone had roughly the same morals , ha , yea that 's why all the countries are based upon religious differences ( excluding slovenia and macedonia , which were the only places with no war ... ) . 
   thing is , there are good morals and there are bad morals . 
  morals that include killing , that include oppression , that include genocide are not good morals , and if those morals get to many people , that 's horribly bad . 
  yea , but i think this is authority because these things are only bad in your moral framework , if you were a cowboy in the wild west , shooting people for money would be a whole different thing . 
  if you were living in the worst parts of afghanistan or somalia , you would have a different moral attitude to picking up a gun and spraying people . 
  if you want we can say catholicism , orthodoxy & islam in yugoslavia had similar morals but they ultimately responded to different authorities that embodied/represented the expression of these morals . 
  it 's complicated but i highly recommend war & peace by tolstoy for this topic . 
  that 's all you got ?
