  dude this retort sucks and is easy to break  for not buying you 're arguments that all charities are bad ? 
  tell me i 'm misreading you here , please . 
  lol no , as i said * it 's all fine and dandy to disagree * but you did n't respond to it , you did n't fight it , you refused to humour the allegation , i 'm humouring all your dumb shit despite thinking it 's weak ... basically , tell me why i 'm stupid . 
   once again , there is no evidence of this . 
  you 're theorizing here . 
  you say i 'm assuming the allegations are untrue - yeah , because it 's innocence until proven guilty . 
  and there 's nothing available , to the public at least , that suggest she 's guilty of what you 're describing . 
  yes there is , explain how there is n't ? 
  i 've already explained how by ignoring the content of her emails and by just allowing them to get out of the classified circle in itself * is a crime * ( see snowden & manning , how cute , you forget to respond to that too ) . 
  do you see why your argument is weak ? 
  are you stupid ? 
  yes , * we know about her emails * , if they did n't get leaked , we would n't know about it ... that 's evidence that she was n't taking care of classified information . 
  illuminati , media , bias , got it . 
  i guess they do n't believe in the peaceful transition of power where you 're from then . 
  no , i 'm not implying that , yawn , i 'm getting bored because insults do n't phase me . 
  they 're rigged because of the way safe-seat and swing state delegates are predetermined , and not so much because of an evil jew lizards pulling strings . 
   this is hilarious . 
  this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  already the trump brigade has spun this into utter lunacy . 
  you know what happened - a republican protester went to a rally in nevada with a sign that said `` republicans against trump '' he holds it up , gets attacked - trump eggs on the people there - someone shouts ` gun ! ', 
  and now you 've got a free for all on this innocent man . 
  re-read my comment idiot , i did n't say ` clinton sends man to shoot trump ' , i said clinton have been sending thugs posing as journalists to fuck shit up at his rallies , * that includes anti-trump republican heckling * . 
  also , i 'm not a trumpet , i 'm just balancing deficits . 
   the fact that you 're so quick to rush to spew this misinformation before even knowing what happened is ridiculous . 
  ok i 'll give you this , maybe my wording could have been better but i did n't really imply what you are saying . 
   people have attacked journalists - shouted about how jews run america . 
  literally called journalists l\u00fcgenpresse . 
  yup , i know , and we hear about all the fucking time on here but not so much about how clinton is guilty for the same shit , which is the problem . 
   and you 're telling me that that 's not fascism . 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  i 'm an expert on fascism , i 've told you now three fucking times what defines it , you are clearly on some misinformation agenda with your stupid buzzwords because i know you are not that stupid . 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  i 'm better at this than you , i can keep going forever and ever and ever and ever and ever , you will get tired and give up at some point . 
  you are * my * platform not the other way round , bub . 
  idiot , i 'm an expert on fascism . 
  national socialism is not fascism , but do n't get me started ... 
  though i see your point , however i would argue that what you are referring to is authority and not morals . 
  morals should be interpreted almost like a mapped pathway ( check out its etymology ) . 
  oh and sorry for calling you an idiot but do your homework on fascism , it is completely misunderstood . 
   lol , i like how you 're throwing a hissy fit because a country does n't allow you to incite hatred against other people . 
  lol , i like how you actually think this tactic will work on me , you realise you are giving me a platform to advertise my ` agenda ' ? 
  i 'm clearly not throwing a hissy fit because of what a country allows me to do , hell if i wanted to incite hatred against other people why would i let a country 's law stop me ? 
  i 'm clearly throwing a hissy fit because people are hypocritical , illogical , and creating a double standard , which is how the * real * hatred being incited . 
  ostracising people for dumb things they say is de-humanising and leads to some fucked up shit , take muslims for example . 
  a lot of radical muslims are saying lots of dumb things , so lots of people are starting to assume that just because muslims say dumb things they are going to commit to some fucked up shit ... last century a lot of jews were saying things people did n't like either ... people were accusing * them * of inciting hatred ... and look what happened . 
   like how much hate is there in you that it offends you so much . 
  go back to / pol / hate ? 
  this is sport , this is literally fun for me . 
   i 'm sorry , but the first part of your comment reads like a joke . 
  i 'm not going to agree with you that charities are bad things . 
  which is more evidence that you are full of shit and have an intent of misinformation . 
  not agreeing with me is fine , but to refuse to acknowledge the argument and pretend it is not there is literally irresponsible , and a clear tactic to distract and avert the attention of the observer . 
  a failed attempt , may i add . 
   i did n't go into specifics - but the thing that fbi director comey was talking about was more related to the anthony wiener investigation . 
  anthony wiener ( an unfortunately named disgraced politician whose been caught up in a sexting scandal ) has a wife , huma abedin , who has been a clinton aide for years now . 
  exactly , and you did n't go into specifics on purpose , to uphold the guise that * all * allegations are false ( exemplified by your final sentence pertaining to ` they 're just looking for excuses to paint her as a criminal ' . 
  while anybody with half a brain can figure out what weiner is up to , in this particular case nobody cares about weiner 's weiner . 
  it is about hillary clinton occulting information , which is kind of what you are doing when you start blabbering on about something irrelevant ( weiner 's weiner ) , instead of responding to the argument : * that hillary is a criminal for occulting information , not necessarily for the content of her emails . 
  *  i do n't have time atm to get bogged down in a discussion on the emails , but you have time come up with these stupid digressions ...  but the fbi has already thoroughly investigated months ago and nothing came of it then . 
  because they were bribed and infiltrated , or at least they maintained the guise that the attempt of influence from the clinton foundation had succeeded , which now clearly appears to be the case as they were playing possum and played her good : took her money and fucked her anyway . 
   since then her foundations been hacked numerous time and those emails have been made public . 
  and still nothing . 
  yea exactly , * nothing * . 
  she was supposed to do * something * , and that something was take appropriate care of that information , including making sure the top secret content of her emails * was not publicly leaked * . 
   donald trump has said that he might not accept this years election results . 
  donald trump has threatened to jail his political opponent . 
  donald trump has been attacking the media for being ` dishonest ' and ` rigged ' since day one . 
  and ? 
  the election is rigged but to be fair to hillary , * they have all been rigged * , but i guess that kinda makes them fair : that anybody can rig them . 
  it does n't take a genius to figure out the media is biased and preaches for the highest bidder , also it helps to understand that ` media ' is a plural of ` medium ' . 
  ( go ahead and repeat the same mistake you did for ' i refuse to acknowledge your opinion that charities are scams hurr durr , see what happens ) . 
  threatening to jail his opponent in this particular case is very rational , as two other people : edward snowden and whatever manning , have received serious punishments for similar crimes , rulings that were and still are supported by hillary . 
   on donald trump 's campaign trail , the members of the media have needed their own separate security detail . 
  this means what exactly ? 
  the donald trump does n't like the media ? 
  i would n't blame him since clinton have been sending thugs posing as journalists to fuck shit up at his rallies , in fact secret services had to protect him today in nevada ...  if none of that sounds fascist to you , i do n't know what will . 
  i literally just fucking said it in my last reply , which you blatantly ignored , so ` if you do n't know what will ' you 're a fucking retard or a wilfully ignorant propagandist : tripartite corporatism , a spiritual nationalism revolving around strength/resistance to pressure nor fascist-totalitarianism ( which is more liberal than authoritarianism and is a completely different concept to the standard definition , see : giovanni gentile 's explanation of ` totalitario ' , which can be found in the ` fundamental ideas ' of the doctrine of fascism ) . 
  check & mate , thank-you-come-again , this is sport for me . 
  but your argument has no merit because you are implying that charities are n't * all corrupt scams * ( either ponzi schemes , pyramid schemes or economic bubbles ) , and that statistics are primary sources/evidence ... also your criticism of comey is a hypothetical potentiality ` coulda/shoulda/woulda ' , and also includes a statement without evidence , not even ` fake ' evidence :  and even though the letter was largely vacuous with no evidence connecting to clinton - the effect that 's had on our politics is undeniable . 
  her actions are evidence , actively * occulting emails/information * count as an action that can be observed from an outside perspective ergo evidence ( see : ex + videns ) . 
  occulting basically means to move out of sight ( see : the astronomical concept of occultation ) . 
  in this case , her ` not doing anything ' is the supposed crime as she was supposed to do something , which was to deliver specific information to a recipient . 
  and you 're using slander ` republicans are acting like fascists ' , which is obviously not true as they 're not remotely interested in tripartite corporatism , a spiritual nationalism revolving around strength/resistance to pressure nor fascist-totalitarianism ( which is more liberal than authoritarianism and is a completely different concept to the standard definition , see : giovanni gentile 's explanation of ` totalitario ' , which can be found in the ` fundamental ideas ' of the doctrine of fascism ) . 
  you 're dad is smart but it 's whiteness that brings people together , and blackness is what divides them ( light polarisation ) . 
  good brings peoples ' * morals * together , and evil divides them . 
   well , i was n't downvoting you . 
  good on you but you did refer to the fact that i get downvoted as an example of why i have ` major flaws ' or whatever . 
   your last comment was way over the top and you really do not need to go around name-calling . 
  lmao , why are you accusing * me * of name calling , it seems your definition of name calling has major flaws . 
  name calling is not name typing , if you imply i 'm stupid and not worthy of voicing my opinion , that 's * calling me out * . 
   if that is all you can do it 's clearly not . 
  i have been able to argue and shoot down * everything * you say , while you have only been able to digress the conversation to an off topic issue unrelated to the question of free speech ( which i have referenced in each one of my retorts , regardless of the digression ) . 
   i am sorry for you . 
  i doubt it, 
  i say what i want , nugguh . 
  ( i had to wait 9 minutes to make this reply because butt-hurt people downvote me for having the wrong opinion and saying the wrong things ) . 
  see !, 
  you * are * a hypocrite , and you * are * full of shit , no wonder you have to resort to shaming/belittling me with some backhand insult .
