  believe it or not but the cowboys who run this world are aware that the earth is part of reproductive cycle pertaining to something ( energy , light , god , buh ? 
  ) , which is being channelled through the sun , into earth via the planets and all their moons . 
  obviously we do n't know exactly what the fuck is going on , but we know that the earth is effectivly an atom bomb that will detonate when it 's magnetic poles are perfectly aligned , not just with themselves but with the sun , the galaxy , the centre of the universe and blah blah blah creating a battery effect . 
  this will effectively blow the whole solar system up , creating a new star exactly the size of our current sun * multiplied by its own size * ( e = mc2 ) . 
  that is the purpose of the nation , to birth a star , and we are like drones to a hive . 
  if you have ever heard the phrase ` your whole life is in the hand of god ' , take a look at your own hand : the thumb is it 's head , the pinky it 's left hand , the index it 's right hand , the middle finger is the right leg and the ring finger is the left leg , the pulse in your wrist is it 's heart . 
  try and translate this conception to your entire body and see how you yourself are a ` hand ' and maybe you idea of ` mano ' will change ( manifest , manipulate , manual , masturbate etc. ) . 
  https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/manus i tell you , latin is a magical language . 
   culturally maybe , and i still have some doubts . 
  but politically ? 
  how ? 
  by being divided for almost 1400 years in a plethora of small piece of lands who declared war at each other every once in a while and at the same time used to get regularly fucked left and right by frenchmen , austrians and spaniards ? 
  because gravity , understand ? 
  rome/byzantine , papal state , renaissance , venice ( who controlled the gold/silver trade , which was the same as the federal reserve 's oil/gold trade ) etc. 
   i 'd also add : from your previous talks you seem to consider italy as a unified entity , at least in their inhabitants ' fantomatic ancient and rich millenniar culture : this unity is just an apparent artifact of your philosophy . 
  no actually , i consider italy only having recently unified under fascism , not even under garibaldi , as the original kingdom was an extension of savoy . 
   while a common substrate is definetely present throught the times and territories of the country , the path of its people went along many different branches . 
  i read you citing etruscans as they were our grandparents , and romans as parents : this is a gross simplification , i could descend from a moor who invaded apulia for what i know . 
  and if their genomic assets got lost or diluted , and that 's for sure , not different fate must have undergone their customs and way of thinking , both for the influences of external nations and regional balkanization our same territories went throught the centuries . 
  just look for a map of our dialects . 
  i 'm a bit afraid the italianism in your system is much akin to a classical temple in a de chirico 's work . 
  oh no , genetics are like microcosmic gravitational orbits , genes do n't exist in a materialistic sense ( hence why they are called * genes * , generators of life , * birthers * ) . 
  the etruscans simply preserved , expanded and * birthed * the old far eastern ( sumer , babylon , assyria , egypt , phoenicia etc. ), 
  into italy through their calendar , law & religion ( which was all one thing really ) , that 's pretty much it . 
  i know exactly the map of italy 's * languages * , puzz ' parl\u00e1 nu rialett ' ra napuletan ' !, 
  the dilution you are referring to is a good thing , i 'm not looking to resuscitate a dead horse , i 'm more interested in burying its rotting carcass into soil to use as fertiliser for a sprouting tree . 
   i smiled here ; usually i 'm not fond of sterotypes , but this one is pretty true . 
   : ^ d  yes , it does , pretty much my same sentiment ... this a bit less . 
  heh  now that i got around your mind a bit , yes , sure , it 's correct , it 's coherent , it-can-work , but still only under your idealistic postulates in your mathematical field . 
  i 'm afraid we wo n't ever agree on anything substantial . 
  fair enough  my opinions may be simple , but they are not trivial . 
  they definitely are not !, 
   now , all this said , i recon i may appear as a pessimistic person . 
  maybe i am , but believe me , i really want this country to get back on track . 
  i want to be able to see again something like this in my life i truly believe and love to see/hear this enthusiasm , even if we do n't agree because we have the same goal . 
   maybe we 'll bump into each other in bologna . 
  we probably will , oddly enough . 
  because gravity . 
  and hahahah that video !, 
  the 1980s , hey ... that 's somewhere we can start ... 
  none of these are arguments , i noticed the way you decided to address his points by imitating the guise of an argument , but these are all just baseless assertions . 
  this sub has literally getting to the point where upvotes & downvotes have reversed in function ... 
  oh yea , among other things !, 
  but i 'm really just curious as to wether merkel is consistent ... 
  was n't she part of the whole ` get rid of berlusconi ' thing because he was there ` for too long ' ? 
   little to comment . 
  what i meant is : if you think italy could get out of its trouble by promoting social responsability and a national sense of community , absolutely , i agree with you . 
  but if you think our governement , or every governement ever , in europe , should re-enact , any form , of state driven propaganda , because this is what it sounds you are saying in your previous post , well , you are simply anachronistic sure , but i think it is clear this is not what i am saying . 
  if you look into gentile 's genuine work , and not that sponsored by mussolini for fascistic purposes , you may come to the same conclusion as me . 
  i 'm simply anachronistic ? 
  like that means anything , anything with an - ism on the end of it is subjective and can be applied to anybody with this logic . 
  in saying that , you can not avoid spreading propaganda , so it is best to become self-aware and control the content of your propaganda to avoid it distorting the truth too much . 
  i studied latin too , i can appreciate some nuances of our language , like the difference between `` scio '' and `` nosco '' , hence why `` scienza '' is written with `` scie '' and `` conoscenza '' with `` sce '' . 
  but this is simply culture , anecdotical i 'd even dare saying , this has nothing to do with our political , economical and social milieu , both present and past . 
   all this shit has fuck nothing to do with our everyday life . 
  hahaha yes it * does * , just cos you do n't notice it does n't mean it is n't there ... 
  this shit has been relevant in italy for thousands of years , you think it is just going to disappear after one generation ? 
  the symbols my change but i 'm telling you , it is more relevant than ever , take from an outsider with an objective opinion . 
  ( nice !, 
  check out the future participle words like nature , venture , future , culture etc. ), 
   all this stuff , in my honest hopinion , is just shit your are filling your mouth of to make me seem weak on my same culture , while at same same time showing an australian dude from a commonwealth nation from the other side of the world can dictate his will on a weak ignorant italian . 
  ahhh , yea do n't flatter yourself , i ai n't dreaming about you at night . 
  it 's funny that you have this opinion though . 
  i like the ` dictate my will ' part though . 
  yeah , maybe i lost it when i read italy should said fuck you both to the usa , the eu , russia and the vatican . 
  should i add sanmarino too ? 
   what 's the point of this ? 
  do you have a slight grasp our foreign politics from 1945 to today ? 
  italy has always been on both sides , appleasing everyone and trying go get the max it could get from everyone , and all the time by being a little bitch , but a somewhat smart little bitch . 
  italy has only been a bitch since napoleon , before that it was the centre of europe . 
  what 's point ? 
  re-alignment . 
  italy still is smart , even you ` ignorant ' italians have a couple aces up your sleeves that other europoors do n't , because you are can be full of so much shit sometime you have an uncanny ability to sniff out bullshit , which can be a * very * useful quality in political reform ( you guys get shit done in the last minute too ) . 
   but since 1992 , things got only worse . 
  our foreign policies have been non-existant , while at the same time our gdp going down and debt rising : we got from being a present-day germany in the 60ies to a decerabrated nato puppy lending our military bases to france and uk to bomb libya against our same interests as a nation . 
  i laugh everytime i hear someone saying `` fanculo l'europa '' , it just show their little-mindedness . 
  we founded europe , and thanks to our short vision we almost got out of it . 
  should we say fuck 'em trying fixing things ? 
  this is the plan ? 
  i agree with this , my view is way more complicated - i 'm pro-european but anti eu if that makes sense ? 
  if it were up to me i 'd turn europe ( and the world even ) into one empire with infinite republics . 
   as shown by each previous point , i ca n't really see much elaboration from your reply . 
  exactly , * you ca n't see * ...  i was on mobile and missed this point before . 
  really man ? 
  fightin communism , fighting capitalism ? 
  this is non-sense , i wo n't even argument , but this also manages to be a spit in the face at the same time . 
  the nation with the biggest communist party in europe during the cold war , and the nation with the biggest growth rate in europe until 1992 and still its second industrial force while having a strong tissue of little-medium family business which really offered little to no place to despotic capitalism . 
  combat does not equate to abolition , it should be obvious based upon my advocation of corporatism ( and my previous elaborations ) that i prefer to harmonise all these qualities into * one * system . 
  even catholicism , i would take out their theology and dogma and apply their ` guild/monastic management systems ' directly into government . 
  while their agenda is skewered they sure do know how * unify * organs through a machine into a collective body . 
   i still somewhat respect your thoughts ( even though it 's not really clear wether i 'm talking with a passionate antropologist or an egocentric megalomaniac ) , but really , do n't play the big boy by trying to impress the public with your cultural exhibits by forcefully sticking them to modern day reality . 
  these are pindaric flights you can make in a literary cafe by sipping some coffe , not attached to a piece of news regarding a constitutional reform with the premise of being the panacea for a decaying nation . 
  ha , thanks i respect your thoughts as well but that 's not true , fuck you :p . the difference is between us is that i used to have simple opinions just like you about these things * before * i was educated in the entire history of the world and the roman empire/latinism , and now i have different opinions . 
  grrrrrrr , but thank you, 
   no idea why people are downvoting you ( and me ) . 
  anyway , thanks for your background info . 
  it now makes sense why you are so informed and have given a deep thinking to the topic . 
  i know why , because they 're dishonest with themselves and have to blame somebody when they feel like their ideas are threatened . 
  instead of questioning the merit/strength of their own ideas they just assume it must be the fault of the opposition , they can sook all they want , they 're the ones who are going to end up eating up the bullshit . 
   you use a lot of latin though , and as you noted , meaning has changed into today 's languages .
