god are you being deliberately obtuse ? 
  are you ? 
  you have literally slammed me on * every single one of my comments * ... it 's almost as if you have some kind of agenda ... and looks like you have a whole fucking brigade of brownshirts downvoting me and leaving slanderous comments , meh , you 're just giving me a platform to advertise myself sooooo , keep it up , dick head !, 
   being free does n't translate to `` do and say whatever the fuck you want '' hey pete repeat , are you following some kind of script ? 
  tell your boss it 's fucking shit , or should i say schei\u00dfe heh  hate speech is harmful thus it 's not allowed to be propagated . 
  actually it 's not . 
  * believing hate speech * is harmful ... there 's a big difference ...  punching people is harmful thus you 're not allowed to punch people . 
  does the ban on punching people mean your state should n't be called free ? 
  yes , it does !, 
  do you now see why you 're stupid ? 
  you 're arguing in favour of a romanticised definition of the word ` free ' . 
   words do n't exist in a vacuum and just like physical actions they have consequences and can infringe upon the rights of other people . 
  listening and following words * hence why listening to me scares you because it infringes upon your retarded logic, 
   you think freedom can only exist if it is total . 
  i disagree . 
  finland has a more free press than germany , germany has more freedom of press than russia , and russia has more freedom of press than iran . 
  freedom and free press are different things . 
  i do n't disagree with the notion you are implying but remember i 'm simply disputing the * fact * that germany has free press , not wether its journalists are arguably ` freer ' than their russian counterparts . 
   so if you say that germany does n't have a limitless freedom of press , you 're right . 
  that 's all i have been saying , except not limitless because journalists are limited by their own journalistic abilities to publish a coherent article , but that 's completely different . 
   but in a global comparison , as done by reporters without borders , germany ranks among the top 10 % worldwide , so it has a very free press compared with most of the rest of the world . 
  great . 
  irrelevant to my point because statistics are subjective , who defines the severity ? 
  the people conducting the survey . 
  as you said , `` it has a very free press compared with most of the rest of the world . 
  '' , but if you do n't compare it with anybody else , it does n't have free press at all , and that 's the magic of journalism . 
  the comparison determines the severity , and do you understand why this is misleading , and not all what i 'm talking about ? 
  it does not provide an objective conclusion , it can not be confirmed by somebody viewing the issue from outside the dynamics of the comparison , hence it is not * evidence * ( ex + videns ; seeing out of ) . 
   statistics are mathematical evidence , you know , depending on how they are peer reviewed and unbiased . 
  we 're are not talking about a mathematical problem because mathematics does not determine * facts * . 
  it determines * how facts are recognised * ( how one can learn facts ) . 
   if they were n't `` soft '' sciences could never exist , because statistics are all they have as evidence . 
  no , they 're not . 
  all sciences consider hearsay and statistics as secondary sources , which are not evidence . 
  they are useful as resources or tools , but they are not evidence ( i 'm a qualified archaeologist ) . 
  this is why history is considered an ` art ' while maths is its own field entirely . 
  nice try , wordsmith , but in order for there to be free speech there must be freedom of the press . 
  i 'm denying germany has both so ... 
  no it does n't . 
  an index is a statistic , it is hearsay , and not evidence . 
  it does not objectively prove that germany has ` more ' free speech than america , it just exemplifies * how it could be considered to have more free speech . 
  * i 'm also not saying america 's lack of free speech is due to their * law * , it is actually a result of external pressure such as one agenda with more funding/support drowning out the opinion of another ( hence why i get downvoted ) . 
  and no . 
  my point is simply that german does n't have free speech , i 'm not talking about wether or not it is ` better ' than another country 's press . 
  my reference to the u.s.a. was towards * legality * of free speech , not the * actuality * of free speech . 
   that 's not a derailment . 
  you were claiming that the press in germany was n't free , and i gave an explanation for the restrictions . 
  it is a derailment because it is actually irrelevant , as * speech * and * action * are different . 
  you can not impede democracy by talking . 
  also , did i say i disagree with your explanation ? 
  i just said i do n't care . 
   and i think that claiming germany has no free press is ridiculous . 
  but you just admitted they did ... you just said `` i gave an explanation for the restrictions '' . 
  so you have inconsistent logic ? 
  are you practicing and promoting doublethink , where you believe in two conflicting ideas ? 
   there are far-left and far-right news outlets , and many in between . 
  you ca n't make one right unlimited without compromising others . 
  when you sentence a criminal to jail time , you 're taking their right of freedom away in order to protect others ' right of safety . 
  great . 
  i do n't care . 
   and like that , the freedom of press can not be unlimited either then it is not called * free press * . 
  do you understand ? 
  fucking hell man ...  or would you want , for example , isis media outlets sold openly ? 
  * rolls eyes * , i 'm calling out the hypocrisy , i do n't give a fuck about who says what . 
  if you admit that germany does n't have free press , i wo n't have much else to say . 
  i 'm not talking about wether or not it 's justified , though i obviously disagree , it 's * irrelevant to the fucking topic * , which means i 'm not discussing fucking isis in this conversation . 
  and you lose , you swallowed my whole load of jizz . 
  you refuse to admit that germany does n't have free press !, 
   go to moscow and scream all over the red square ' i hate putin ' do the same in germany , just exchange putin with merkel . 
  let 's take a bet on which country does n't drag you into some dark alley and stick a knife into your throat . 
  i 'm not talking about that , i 'm talking about germany 's lack of * free press * , which i will keep repeating until you admit it or shut the fuck up . 
  also , if you did that in red square you would get murdered ... that 's pretty obvious ... may i remind you that you ignored my point for the fourth or fifth fucking time ? 
  you 're just making it obvious what you 're trying to do ... just because i 'm getting downvoted does n't mean people with half a brain can not see what 's happening ... 
  that is what i 'm fucking saying , which proves germany does n't have * free press * . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  can you read english properly ? 
   to be fair , you started the argument with the example of the nazis which strongly points to the issue of democracy . 
  they can attempt to derail the issue all they want , and i can resist every single attempt . 
   free press implies that the state can not arbitrarily suppress opinions mmhmm , and there are national socialistic opinions . 
   that there are stances which are not tolerated in a society does not mean the press is controlled by the state . 
  sure , but if those ` stances ' can not be legally expressed via a published opinion , that is * arbitrary suppression * , hence the lack of free press . 
  a stance and an opinion are different things , people * act out stances * and people * say their opinions * . 
  capeesh ? 
  nice try . 
  great job , you have just exposed how german propagandists derail criticism of their press . 
  * i 'm not talking about democracy , i 'm talking about free press * . 
  i told you i do n't disagree , i 'm disputing the notion that germany has free press . 
  here 's an experiment , let 's see if * you * have an agenda . 
  say this : `` i admit that germany does not have free press '' . 
  also , please actually read my comment before you respond . 
  look at that , what a coincidence , * another derailment from ` free press ' to ` democracy ' * . 
  hmmm , interesting , this seems a conditioned trend . 
   it 's a result of the failure of the weimar republic . 
  it showed that a democracy that has unlimited tolerance for its enemies is vulnerable . 
  i do n't disagree , i just do n't care . 
  i 'm calling that german out for being a hypocrite by saying that germany is superior to russia by having free press , * which it clearly does n't . 
  i clearly do understand because i just fucking said : `` and if the people vote for it , yes it can give them the right to incite hatred , hence the anti-russian bullshit . 
  '' , which means they can vote for whatever the fuck they want , that includes banning or allowing anti-democratic groups . 
  but i also said , which you clearly ignored , and ` still do n't understand hurr durr * fart noise * ' , the topic is about free press , the criticism is free press , not democracy . 
  the argument about free press is being derailed into an argument about democracy , the issue is * free press in germany * .
