  blah blah blah , if derailing discussions was a crime you 'd be in jail . 
  free press . 
  a german makes fun of russia for not having free press , asserting that germany has free press , which is their excuse to push anti-russian propaganda . 
  do you realise that is incitement of hatred ? 
  and if the people vote for it , * yes it can give them the right to incite hatred * , hence the anti-russian bullshit . 
  i actually agree, 
  yes it does , it is illegal to publish an article containing swastika 's and messages praising hitler , nazis and national socialism . 
  in u.s.a. , where there is ` free ' press , it is not illegal to do so ( per se ) . 
   undemocratic hate groups do n't have any place in a democracy but you 're just saying this without proof as they clearly do . 
  part of being a democracy is that you can vote to take away your democracy . 
   by your definition all murders , pedophiles and rapists are allowed to spread their toxic propaganda . 
  yes they can , it 's the responsibility of the observer to be an honest person and sniff bullshit out . 
  dishonest people buy into propaganda , honest people do n't have to worry about being brainwashed . 
  also the topic is free press , not democracy , are you purposely trying to derail the discussion because you know you ca n't win ? 
  yea that 's why you can publish swastikas , say ` heil hitler ' and talk about nazi stuff ... oh wait , ` free as long as we do n't get offended ' , so not-so-free press . 
  you and plenty of people say he 's racist and misogynistic , but where is the evidence ? 
  when did * he do anything racist or misogynistic * , he might have said some things but people can say anything , where is any tangible proof that he has done anything to deserve those labels ? 
  his opponents spent billions trying to slander him and all they could find was a couple of inappropriate comments ... trump did n't even have to do anything and clinton was already under fire for her emails , something inappropriate she * did * , as opposed to * say * . 
  because instead of worrying about what you can * do * to improve your country , you 're worrying about what opinion you should have . 
  corporativismo ... 
  this plan is propaganda with a grain of truth , hiding the fact that * europeans * want to split the world into a new east/west roman empire with western europe and eastern europe acting as the centres . 
  took me a second , bahahaahah !, 
   are you an australian of italian heritage ? 
  considering that europeans rarely think of italy it just seems a weird choice . 
  yea i am , but i say this not for my own ` nationalism ' but because of how the economy relies on italy , particularly the ahhh ` unofficial ' markets ...  if you made me split europe into groups , i would avoid language and base it on characteristics . 
  this is what i mea n't , but there are still three economic spheres , and they do n't change on command they must be manually transmuted . 
   i would have northern characteristics and southern ... 
  if you pushed me then i would say germanic and latin . . 
  i would also prefer this but it would need another few generations . 
   the germanic would be germany , austria , denmark , sweden , finnish , holland , the north of belgium and most of eastern europe . . 
  they value hard work , pay taxes , aim for sustainable government spending etc. 
  the latin would be the rest , france , italy , spain portugal , greece etc. 
  these are the guys that have historic tax avoidance , run government deficits in spite of eu requirements etc. 
  i like you enthusiasm and imagination but i feel this is not how its works hahaha , maybe as an end goal but we need to address the real players ; corporations , oligarchs , ` philosophical ' societies , ancient legacies ...  i think that `` northern '' and `` southern europeans '' would largely get on ... or perhaps better than the current mix all together does . 
  perhaps !, 
  did you syend resyume to rish yunibersidy ? 
  the conditions are the same ; countries with low voter turn-out , traditional government being elected by a vocal minority , and populist options appealing to non-voters . 
  i hate to admit it but * at the moment * a renzi-dictatorship is probably italy 's best option , since he wo n't be answering to hillary ... 
  because people can not just unite because they say so , there is a ` chemical ' process that needs to occur . 
  decentralise europe into 3 spheres : germanophone , francophone & italophone . 
  these spheres are not so much cultural-linguistic , but more so * militaristic , economic and political * , because regardless of whatever romanticisation one might have for their country , those 3 countries pull the strings . 
  even italy , it 's shitty economy and what not are just smoke and mirrors . 
  a collaborate frankish , volkish and roman legions will be perfect for european military unification without destroying the integrity of its independent nations . 
  the current module unfortunately leaves europe susceptible to ` anglophone ' or ` standard occidental ' colonisation . 
  the agenda of the anglophone is to unify all western nations into one nation , * with anglophones on top * , while i support this agenda , it must be the other way round . 
  continental europeans have richer culture , language and societies , they need to be the ` priest-class ' or leading example of western ethnicity . 
  if there are elements we do n't like about continental culture and that anglophone culture ` does better ' , then of course we should be open to influence but not as a replacement . 
  europeans are not ` obsolete ' . 
  abandon english and adopt * classical latin * as the common language , * specifically because it is dead language with fixed definitions and contexts , and also because it 's association with roman law has a metaphysical value that will improve the mental state of all its adherents * . 
  unified foreign policy ; initially acting as a medium between the anglophone world and the eurasian world , while using the mediterranean peoples to spread the agenda into latin america & the middle east , northern europeans into the anglophone world , and slavs/whoever else into the eurasian world , creating a broader fourth ` oversea 's territory ' sphere . 
  a united sub-saharan africa will be the next big thing , if europe is to survive , it will need to address this emerging ` menace ' , and i say menace because they will have an obvious bone to pick with europe , * and rightfully so * . 
  thanks mate , you betcha !, 
  uhmmm , what ?? 
  * elephants do n't forget *, 
  pax europa britain , u.s. and probably france next . 
  notice a trend ? 
  it 's impossible to feel any other way when you realise * why * the italians came to this country ... 
  in saying that i do love this land and * all * its people , and yea i agree , i think our problem seems to be in between that of america and uk . 
  despite all these trivial matters , the country has no existential purpose ... what are we doing here ? 
  working our asses off for what exactly ? 
  a career title ? 
  there 's no collective agenda , everybody is out for themselves and it 's no surprise we have so much depression and alcoholism . 
  the standard aussie social life is completely fake , just for show on facebook or something , go out to the pub/club , get smashed , fuck a bitch , go to bed , wake up , go to work ... there 's no real community here ... hell , it 's not even a * nation * ... not to mention the pigs ... ugh . . 
  this country needs a strong republican movement or state separatism , i would obviously prefer republicanism . 
  oh what a coincidence ... brexit , trump , european isis videos ... tell me you people are n't that stupid and see clearly what is going on here ... 
  are you seriously curious or are your trying to say that i should keep my political/economic opinions to my own country ? 
  well , if you bothered to read my other comments , you 'd notice that i 'm * both italian and australian * so italy is also my country . 
  firstly , thanks for taking the time to respond like this , i love these passionate comments and this is a * great discussion * . 
  hopefully people read our shit get some ideas . 
  but anyway , here we go :  i mean , what do our culture , story and language have to do with the actual and factual concrete present political situation , where matteo renzi ( a leader who prior to becoming prime minister was travelling around the peninsula on a camper helding rallies citing barack obama speaches and making comparisons between apple and nokia to explain his political beliefs ) is speaking a crappy english while dealing with germany , france and bruxelles to get some attention and money and little relevance ? 
  uhh , well ...  there 's no aid from the past here , there 's nothing to look for around ourself to get out of the impasse , beucase there 's just not solution . 
  you can keep theorizing and exposing your philosophical system , but the fate of a good chunk of 60milions people at this point is just tied to the actions of actors acting outside of our `` limes '' . 
  this is the problem , this this this . 
  simpsons `` ca n't somebody else do it ? '', 
  - the reality is politicians * do very little * , you can blame them all you want but end of the day it is the inactivity of the italian people that cause these deficiencies , not the politicians . 
  the politicians are just an extension , more so an expression of the collective . 
  a strong collective will have strong politicians , there is no point wasting time trying refine your leaders when people can not produce any good leaders ( hence why education , ex + ducatio is * very relevant * ) . 
  fascism was n't so successful because mussolini was super awesome , it was successful because for the first time in a while , people got off their asses and collectively built something together ; their culture . 
  gallics , venetians , ligurians , tuscans , meridionals , neapolitans , sicilians , sardinians , and plethora of minority groups avidly merged their customs into one collective culture ; italian culture , which had not previously existed , not even through garibaldi , cavour or whoever . 
  mussolini was just really good at taking credit for things that the common people were accomplishing because he was a journalist lmao . 
  but i guess you could say that this is what motivated italians to keep going with their development and not accepting a satisfactory state of being , as he never let them believe that they had truly done ` enough ' , even until the day of his * alleged * death . 
  that whole ` life of discomfort ' thing he promoted was probably the defining quality of this point . 
   with globalization , informatization , finance and billionar multinational groups , which do n't miss a chance for putting cancer dust in our foods and goods , we 've come a point in the history of this world where there 's almost not place anymore for a national state with a sovereign government elected by its people , let alone for any of your thoughts ( outside of your and maybe your intelocutors heads ) i can not agree with this at all because i have immersed myself with the old and i tell you that the world has been more globalised under ancient persia & rome than it has in the present day . 
  a common misconception is that people think our ancestors were vastly different people , they 're not . 
  there were just less people around , which means less humans consumin/producing resources , simple . 
  the achaemenids governed over 80 % of the world 's population within their borders , rome ( in imperium , prior to byzantine ) fluctuated between 55 % and 70 % of the world 's population ... something * no state * has come close to recreating since . 
   what you are celebrating is an utopic layer of believes and costumes to be laid upon a bunch of people in a soon to be 8 billion people world , which you adamantly state will ... what ? 
  i do n't even know anymore . 
  simply the mos maiorum is n't the cure . 
  another big problem is language because people do not know what the fuck the word ` nation ' means . 
  it means ` birthing ' not a culture , not an ethnicity , not a blah blah blah . 
  in corporatism , a nation is a perpetual lineage , which translates to a * literal gravitational orbit * , not what your high school teacher says it is , and just because the contexts of these words become polluted , * does not mean the original meanings are lost , they still exist . 
  * it is the responsibility of the people using these words to decide how they interpret them . 
  same criticism to a religious person who picks and chooses how they interpret their scripture , goes to people who pick and choose how they use their words . 
  they 're all just ideas . 
  utopic layer of what ? 
  i 'm advocating for a constant struggle , for people to accept that there is no way to deny the bullshit , and that they should embrace it by ` wanting what they have , to have what they want 100 % of the time ' . 
  what is the purpose of a nation ? 
  simple , create the strongest gravitational orbit . 
  why ?
