nobody is likely to have any idea what this `` northern europe '' and `` southern europe '' business is . 
  nobody besides with a brain and an iq above their shoe size . 
  french are too busy not showering and hiding behind trash bins while their country is under attack , it 's hard to find free time and learn something new . 
  astonished by your ignorance , as mentioned before , finland is n't scandinavia and the baltic states are in northern europe , not eastnern . 
   basically russians go f *** yourself . 
  russians in estonia are in no position to change anything and it is not debatable . 
  these russians are the produce of the soviet occupation in estonia . 
  i would rather personally go over and shoot every one of them before see them change anything in a country that they do n't even belong in . 
  period . 
  what kind of unrest was it ? 
  question , what would russia gain from killing the president ? 
  i do n't know how things in latvia are , but here in estonia there 's a good chunk of russians who are unhappy and basically hate estonians and estonia itself . 
  does this give russia a legitimate reason to invade narva for example and start a war ? 
  no , in my opinion , if you do n't like something , you leave , not the other way around . 
  what a lovely picture , two scumbags , saakashvili and mccain . 
  what is this filthy georgian trying to achieve now that he 's been thrown out of his home country and ukraine , trying to get belarusian citizenship ? 
  just like the video said , russia started the war when kiev elected a pro-nato government . 
  obviously russia does n't want ukraine in nato . 
  so , unless belarusians is planning on joining nato and overthrow lukashenko , there should n't be any fear of any annexation ? 
  touch\u00e9 , i did n't know these things about him , because i 've little interest in russian elections . 
  all i know is that he had a couple of videos exposing medvedev 's corruption . 
  besides , no need to make it personal . 
  you make it sound as if putin is n't such a bad guy after all when compared to him and should run for president for the 4th time . 
  navalny is n't the only one being harassed for exposing corruption and bullshit in russia . 
  lately a russian [ youtuber ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucdbsy8c1eqj5t6kbv9ds-ag ) has also been harassed , in fact lately for some reason i have n't been getting notifications about him uploading something new , although i do have notifications turned on . 
  the attackers were also paid and this is n't the first time navalny has been attacked by paid people , provoking violence . 
  the only argument putin sect worshippers have against him is that he studied in the united states , yale university . 
  yeah , so in the end russia is responsible for giving cossaks a huge amount of freedom to do as they please . 
  you do n't blame the gun when somebody dies , you blame the shooter . 
  i made a slight mistake , what i really meant was ordinary russians . 
  those who praise what putin does but really do not benefit from it at all except get a shit ton of sanctions on their ass . 
  i do n't understand serbia , they take part in russian exercises and then they 're cooperating with nato . 
  so should i blame cossacks for that ? 
  no , russia . 
  funny thing is , for russians there is nothing to gain from occupied crimea , moldova , war in ukraine and georgia . 
  in fact the only thing they get are sanctions and they still remain happy about themselves and their government . 
  i once managed to watch news from a news channel that is n't owned by the kremlin and there are some villages in russia that are without fresh water and old people barely make it with the money they get . 
  one woman was inprisoned for stealing food , and then they point fingers at europe and us , saying we 're the bad guys . 
  it was pretty hospitable before you came along and murdered all the natives . 
  he meant latvian legion . 
  i wonder how it could 've gone if we would n't have given in to the soviets and their ultimatum and actually put up a fight . 
  probably in bloodshet , but at least we could 've tried . . 
  no , i actually read a lot of vatnik comments about how they call europe ` gayrope ' and hate everything about the west , yet then they go back to their everyday lives . 
  wash teeth with colgate , wear nike , use iphones etc. 
  they 're in nato , why would they want russians in their country ? 
  besides us wouldnt tolerate it . 
  i wonder why those russians are coming to gayrope anyway , as they call it . 
  why not visit newly conquered lands such as crimea ? 
  fireifghters protec but they also attac, 
  well , tough shit . 
  luckily there is n't a russian minority in montenegro in need of liberating . 
  why is it such a problem for russia if montenegro is in nato ? 
  so if the major wanted to build a huge prick in the middle of the city , he could basically do that or are there some kind of regulations towards what can and what can not be built ? 
  macedonians were greek , just like the spartans were greek , just like the athenians were greek . 
  filthy slavs will never be recognized as macedonians . 
  those who say it 's not such big of a deal , imagine if russians in kaliningrad would become independent and claim to be the successors of the teutonic order or prussia , basically claiming german history for themselves just because they happen to live there , idiotic . 
  has n't this already been posted before ? 
  kosovo is not a country . 
  shit hit the fan everyone in the 90 's in the region , not just russia , but in no way were times better for them as they are now . 
  russia is not in europe in your mind ? 
  are you seriously implying that people had a better life in eastern europe during the 90 's than now ? 
  actually , i think it 's kinda hard considering the corruption . 
  i really doubt they are happy , at least the normal people are n't . 
  there was once an article about an old russian woman who broke into someone 's home just to get some food because 12 000 rubles a month was n't enough . 
  russia has so much potential , natural resources yet it 's people are living worse than smaller countries who started from scratch in 1991 . 
  give them equipment so during battle they can retreat and leave it for the separatists to pick up and use against them ? 
  it really is n't , it 's the 90 's and it is still present in russia . 
  25-years ago yet if you go outside moscow or st.petersburg it still looks the same , i know , i 've been to russia and had the chance to visit a small town just outside moscow called kirzhach and my god it was awful . 
  that was probably one of the most depressing sights i 've ever seen . 
  boneless clouds, 
  i like how there are villages in russia without fresh water and electricity and your biggest concern is to prove to the western world is that you can build a bridge , yeah money well spent . 
  how is it senseless ? 
  there are a bunch of confused slavs stealing greek history , claming it for themselves and calling their country ` macedonia ' . 
  there is no such thing as macedonia , there is only fyrom with an identity crisis . 
  i 'm glad they 're called for what they actually are , a former yugoslav republic of macedonia and nothing more . 
  filthy slavs , who the fuck cares what they think or want ? 
  whoah , what a tragedy , poland is attac lithuania , send nato troops to protec, 
  slavic skinheads who would 've been killed if germany would 've succeeded and started the germanization of poland . 
  i do n't get these people . 
   we 'll see how brave you are about '' dying for estonia '' when you have bullets in your gut . 
  i never said i would die for estonia , just like i never called myself some ` estonianlion ' or ` rambo ' . 
  i suggest you apply [ this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/81/39/58/8139585abd5d0358c12eb1116704e396--funny-memes-funny-pics.jpg ) . 
  we are discussing conscription and military , defending your country from an agressor , not fucking folk dance , so do n't even bother bringing that up , it has nothing to do with the topic at hand . 
  i guess latvians should 've also just fled to canada in 1919 and just keep their culture there instead of fighting for their home like they actually did , huh ? 
  in your mind , it 's better to run elsewhere with your choirboy books in your hand than to stand and fight for your home . 
  our countries have already been raped , estonia and latvia have the most russian minority , luckily lithuania was spared of such shit . 
  if people were to run once more instead of actually taking up arms and taking the chance of fighting back then they should or else our people would fucking die out , because of our own cowardice . 
   i am not willing to die for latvia . 
  you call yourself ` latvianlion ' but so far i have n't read anything that would prove you being anything but a sissy . 
  what do you mean you 're not willing to die for latvia but are willing to live ? 
  there 's a question of quality when choosing between conscript military and professional . 
  while yes , a professional soldier may equal to five or ten conscripts , war most of the time is still about numbers and attrition . 
  if war were to break out between baltics and russia , there would be no front line , we do n't have anything to hold them back long enough to actually create a front line , this would result in tactical retreats and urban fighting . 
  latvia does n't have enough soldiers to defend it 's soil , your military was meant to fight outside your country , that 's why you 've got your desert camouflage during your parades . 
  serving 8-11 months is n't going to kill you and wo n't definitely hurt ` muh democracy feelings , you 're training to defend your country and not relying on some 6000 guys to do it for you . 
  you guys also have n't got conscription , divided society is n't the only problem . 
  good job , greece !, 
  then what is it ? 
  a monument celebrating freedom in europe after world war 2 ? 
  yeah , awesome , ukrainians must love it just like they loved [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor ),
