  i [ ca n't ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/81/39/58/8139585abd5d0358c12eb1116704e396--funny-memes-funny-pics.jpg ) believe you just said that . 
  sorry for hurting your feelings , `` macedonian '' muh heritage , muh succession . 
  my god . . what if it 's one of putins secret agents who spilled the sekrit dokumints ??? 
  the truth is out there, 
  no , real macedonians are greek . 
  you 're obviously butthurt and retarded , i feel sorry for you , every day must be a challenge to get through . 
  sorry to disappoint but i 'm not interested in playing games with you . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i get it , greek history is like a juicy slice of meat . 
  it 's full of history , culture and famous people , but you 'll never be macedonian . 
  you 're as much as related to them as finns are related to italians . 
  except the funny thing is that estonians actually are uralic , i get it , your slavic feelings are hurt because most of the world does n't recognize your deluded idea of being true successors of the macedonian empire . 
  you 're not and never will be macedonian , you 're slavic . 
  you fall under the category of slavs and macedonians were not slavic . 
  well they did raise the monument to alexander the great although he is greek , so i suppose they do consider themselves hellenic , successors or whatever . 
  it 's one of those balkan countries i refer to as ` porno ' - it 's just a mess . 
  except that this time russia has permission to be there by the syrian government . 
  i 'm not turning off adblock to read this , sorry . 
  i personally find it ridiculous how a bunch of slavs decided to call themselves macedonian and basically embrace greek history for themselves . 
  to be honest tallinn 's old town looks better . . 
  and to think that we had him in tallinn with some people actually waking up to take pictures of his motorcade and wave at his car , hoping he would give a shit . 
  what would an an-2 be doing near finnish airspace anyway ? . . 
  personally i 'd be scared to sit in that thing , let alone fly it over water . 
  we have n't got [ much ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_air_force#aircraft ) to violate anyone 's airspace with . . 
  lithuania ? 
  are you telling me that you personally had a choice whether or not you should ally with us ? 
  ofc not , us does n't have allies but interests , just like any big country . 
  i never said anything about being occupied by the united states , lmao . 
  lol , choose to be allied with usa , really ? 
  yes , the united states and the rest of europe would much rather sanction russia and have diplomatic negotiations with them rather than going to war . 
  no one will ever start world war 3 over an irrelevant country such as estonia or any other tiny turd bordering russia . 
  as long as russia is n't pushed into a corner in the baltic sea , there is nothing to fear . 
  i doubt estonia , latvia and lithuania even pose a threat to them , kaliningrad oblast alone is stronger than these three combined . 
  fucking search it yourself about russia joining nato . 
  `` hurr durr that 's not excuse for invasion '' - a fucking country is getting cornered in a region , of course they 're going to do something about it , welcome to the fucking world you stupid crybaby . 
  nato troops ? 
  the amount of nato troops near petersburg is irrelevant , four abrams tanks and a couple of thousand soldiers is nothing . 
  i 'm sorry to disappoint you but nato presence in baltic 's is just to calm down the hysterical imbeciles . 
  as i said , i 'm aware of all those things , i did n't figure your sashlik loving ass would n't figure it out by itself . 
  i love how you think that i 'm not aware of the fact that estonia is easy to invade due to poor terrain and basically no army and that we 've a lot of russians . 
  i 've nothing to admit since i know these things . 
  and please , go with the classic , assume i 'm russian just because i 'm not as deluded and retarded as you are . 
  just know that this exercise is just that , an exercise , no one gives a shit about your country . 
  my hero putin , i love how personal you 're starting to get , calling people morons and assuming they 're russian just because they 're not on the same boat with your hairy georgian ass . 
  he would n't fucking want to invade estonia because there is nothing to gain from it . 
  i said it 's a weak debate because those are such stupid , weak reasons . 
  `` uuugh he would invade you just because it 's easy . '', 
  i 've a hard time believing anyone would want your bare ass country , but your tie eating president sure did a great job . 
  such a weak debate , putin finds estonia worthy for conquering because it 's much easier and has a large russian minority . 
  i was hoping you 'd list the gains , maybe resources but nah . 
   putin lies and manipulates , just like every politician on earth but i guess the americans are exceptional especially for georgians and estonians . 
  putin clearly stated that he is n't interested in war with nato and that would be a disaster , but schizoprenich morons must have a scary boogie to be afraid of or else uncle sam wo n't have any weapons to sell and land to use for their interests , or should i say `` protect from russians '' . 
  you fail to realize that crimea was annexed just because of it 's black sea connection and naval base . 
  russia has enough power in the baltic sea region , if anything nato made us a target in case a war breaks out , but that 's the destiny of smaller countries , the big choices are made behind closed doors . 
  and yes , putin has suggested joining nato , i suggest you to look it up . 
  if finland is not worth conquering , why estonia is ? 
  there is nothing here , it 's a piss poor country with nothing to gain from . 
  us would n't get into an open conflict with russia , that 's the most idiotic thing i 've read . 
  i doubt us would give two shits about estonia at that time , in fact i believe it would n't care at all , just like it did n't really give much fucks about your country . 
  if russia had plans to build bases , they definitely would find a reason to . 
  political support is insignificant when bullets start to fly , and it 's also a waste of fucking taxpayer money . 
  russia had a less organized army but with it 's size it could 've taken estonia , it 's not even up to debate whether or not they could . 
  even now we do n't have an airforce or navy , sure the names exist but in reality it 's 0 . 
  us inflicting pain on russia , how ? 
  russia in fact wanted to join nato but was rejected , i guess we really needed an evil boogeyman or else there would be no reason to buy weapons from the united states if we 're all friends . 
  do n't be amazed , i 'm not going to shit talk russia , wave an american flag and talk about how evil they are and how good we are . 
  but it 's a classic , let 's get personal instead and talk about my nationality which is definitely russian since i 'm not talking shit , am i right ? 
  we could 've gotten on pretty well with russia , finland has talks with them about energy , tourism and economy , meanwhile we discuss missiles with us . 
  well , to be honest that 's what diplomats are , spies . 
  did n't have the stomach for it ? 
  before even joining the eu and nato we barely had a military . 
  russia would 've overrun us in a day , what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  i doubt anyone would give any fucks about russia occupying some small , irrelevant nation . 
  finland and russia get along just fine , if you have n't heard , then just recently putin had visited finland and had talks about energy , trade and tourism . 
  meanwhile we call our `` friends '' to discuss bringing more weapons and soldiers to up keep . 
  what do you want russians to do about estonia ? 
  we 've constant propaganda made to hate them , not a day goes by without news outlets serving up new steaming shit about how bad their economy is , how rusty their tanks are but for some reason we 're still supposed to be scared shitless of them . 
  russia , just like any major country has it 's own interests , you do n't expect them to give up every strategic location to us just not to be seen as the ` bad guy ' by some three irrelevant balts . 
  if moldova and ukraine + georgia would be in nato , it would be a good bye call for russia in the black sea , and they do n't want that . 
  for some time , russia was n't even a threat , in fact putin proposed to join nato , his proposal was declined and i 'm not surprised why . 
  the world or more specifically europe needs a scary boogeyman to keep the wheels rolling . 
  how else is russia supposed to react to nato 's expansion ? 
  if crimea would n't have been annexed , they would 've lost a huge portion of control over the black sea and their naval base . 
  traditonal estonian history - i guess we 're sticking to our traditions just like our forefathers , being controlled by others . 
  sure , we get to fly our flag and sing , talk in our languages but it 's the big desicions that are made by others . 
  our castrated government does n't reject anything from the eu or us , any order is always carried out without questions . 
  our ideas will never be heard since we 're a small , irrelevant nation , we 're a liability . 
  we rely on others , nato to protect us , russia to supply us with gas and so on . 
  if russia wants baltics so bad , why did n't they invade us before we joined nato and eu ? 
  it 's funny how as long as you claim your military exercises are to `` protect against agression '' you 're all set , innocent . 
  but when russia conducts military exercises and does n't let itself get strangled like a dog by having nato countries surround it 's borders ; they 're the bad guys . 
  i hate to break it to all georgians , but you 'll never join nato as your conflict with south-ossetia and abkhazia are frozen and will stay that way , if nato were to help it would give a legitimate reason for russia to interfere . 
  some people here indeed believe that if war between estonia and russia were to break out , the united states would come to our aid like a shitting dog hurrying outside . 
  big countries like russia and the united states have interests , not friends , so everytime here someone says `` oh my god our murrrrican friends have come to protect us '' i just sigh , because in my mind no one would want to go to war with russia over an innsignificant , irrelevant country . 
  finns already travel to valka to buy alcohol , i heard there 's a bus just for that from the port of tallinn . 
  besides , i would n't pay $ 1,55 for a bottle of `` beer '' that actually tastes like goat piss . 
  you do n't get the joke , do you ? 
  libya , another country that turned into a dumpster thanks to uncle democracy . 
  wow , big countries spying on others , what else is new ? 
  and make sweden a potential target for russian missiles in case there are nato bases in there ? . .
