  oh yes , fuck off tumblr , the place full of racists , right , exactly that . 
  holy shit this bot is fucking amazing . 
  i set up deluge initially on my home server mostly because of the good things i heard about aggressive seeding and a shit ton of guides . 
  it has since just werkd perfectly , handling a ton of torrents with no hiccups . 
  never had a reason to switch or try out qbit . 
  great man , thanks for the quote . 
  probably `` not to discourage people to post and to encourage different opinions and styles '' or something among those lines . 
  i agree with you . 
  i think we need to encourage people to dump such posts in a single thread , rather than posting individually . 
  however it will be kinda hard to filter out what counts as front page worthy . 
  smth among the lines, 
  `` you talk about curry niggers wanting to rape , fuck off back to tumblr . '', 
  damn , now i want an oscilloscope . 
  airbrawl !, 
  this was posted by some guy quite a while ago . 
  he wrote a script that did this automatically and he bumped himself to the top 1k or something . 
  damn , they 've gotten so much better since the last time i 've played it !, 
  damn , did n't know this could be possible . 
  i stand corrected , thanks for following up !, 
  do you always bun it or do you let it free sometimes ? 
  i 'm growing my hair out and mines a tad bit shorter than yours . 
  it 's like wdywt except in a much easier format . 
  we did n't get plaintext , only hashes . 
  it 's more than normal to prefer 30 $ headphones to beats . 
  beats have absolute trash audio quality . 
  but anyway , this experiment did n't prove anything . 
  expensive headphones are targeted at audiophiles who have high quality audio setups and listen to high bitrate music . 
  it 's more than normal for a casual listener not to be able to tell the difference between an audiophile setup with 1000 $ sennheisers playing 24 bit flac audio and cheap generic band 30 $ headphones playing mp3 v0 . 
  in this case , you 'd want a while loop . 
  it 's pretty similar to an if statement . 
  yup . 
  a little hint , you should ask the user for his input , then make a while loop that prints an error and rerequests the input as long as it 's invalid . 
  aight , i can write the code for you , but i 'm on mobile so my formating is gon na be off . 
  i did n't check the code , but it should work , there may be some trivial syntax mistakes . 
  anyway , you 're gon na have to write this into your own program yourself , copy pasting probably wo n't work because the indentation is n't correct . 
  while count  5000 :, 
  print ( `` wrong sum entered '' ), 
  and that 's all for the while loop . 
  let 's go step by step . 
  first of all , you ask user to enter the count . 
  then we go to the while loop . 
  while loop is pretty similar to an if statement . 
  if the statement ( in this case count  5000 ) is false , it simply skips it . 
  if it 's true , then it keeps doing the code in the loop over and over again , until the statement turns to false . 
  so in this loop , you 're first of all checking whether the value is correct ; if yes , you pass on to the code further and we 're done with the loop . 
  if the value is n't correct , you 're gon na print the error and and ask for the user input once again . 
  the last two steps will be repeated until count is less or equal to 5000 . 
  e : reddit really screws up the indentation . 
  you need to indent the two commands after while like you 'd do with for loops or an if . 
  oh damn , haha , i 'm feeling reaaallly stupid right now . 
  i mistook the subreddit for python help and the snippet i wrote before is in python , aaaaaah . 
  anyway , i 'm feeling really embarrassed , so i 'm just gon na write the code for c++ as well . 
  int count ;, 
  cin   count ;, 
  while ( count  5000 ), 
  cin   count ;, 
  cheers man , if you need any more help feel free to ask , 
  trust me , there 's a lot of top level domains you 've never heard of . 
  how about . vodka ? 
  . cancerreaserch ? 
  . diamonds ? 
  . ninja ? 
  . plumbing ? 
  yeah fuck girls , looking good is the main priority . 
  but for real , nice fit , you look so much better now , op . 
  you messed up the syntax on the elses . 
  first of all , you do n't need the condition ( m  8 ) after else . 
  simply doing, 
  if ( condition ), 
  else, 
  is gon na do the work . 
  if you do want to have a condition , use else if ( ) . 
  also , you have a semicolon after the else . 
  the semicolon acts as an empty statement , so your else does n't do anything really . 
  the following code in curly braces is always executed because it does n't have a condition before it ( the else ( m  8 ) is used by the semicolon ) . 
  it 's kinda hard to explain but i hope i made it clear . 
  removing the unnecessary conditions and semicolons on all the elses should fix the code . 
  there 's no monetisation in the twitter scheme . 
   best take our time , void ca n't fight, 
  underrated, 
  it 's not only rhymed good , but it makes sense as well . 
  this is a thing a caster or a player would say except a few more lines added to match the original song . 
  i 'd be surprised if the rpi in this case would average out more than 2 w , which would make it costs 4 euros / year if we 're using the calculations above . 
  so it 's pretty much nothing . 
  i think it was a hyperbole , but his point still stands . 
  if you 'd leave your pc with a 500w psu rendering a video for 16 hours you 'd already get enough power for an rpi for a year to idle . 
  this quote is so good i 've printed it on a mousepad . 
  wrong sub , this is n't about consumer networks . 
  read the sidebar . 
  found a pile of really old keyboards at my school . 
  sadly only one of them was a model m , but still i 'm pretty happy . 
  they even thanked us for helping them get rid of them . 
  i think it 'll serve a better purpose than being a prop now . 
  yes , it was indeed found in lithuania . 
  the part # on the back of the keyboard is 1391406 and after a bit of googling [ it seems to be a uk layout keyboard . 
  ] ( http://www.clickykeyboards.com/index.cfm/fa/items.main/parentcat/11067/subcatid/0/id/101770 ) things like pound sign back this up . 
  it 's very rare finding an \u0104\u017derty keyboard in lithuania , this is the first time i 'm seeing one . 
  they may have been popular back then , but now the usual layout is binding \u0105\u010d\u0119\u0117\u012f\u0161\u0173\u016b\u017e to the top row 12345678 = respectively . 
  the \u0104\u017derty is a pretty strange layout , because it 's similar to qwerty , but it has a few odd quirks , like no x key or yanking certain keys around , like f to the far right . 
  such things make it hard to use it as your main layout and even harder to use it in combination with qwerty .
