  oh my , i remember laughing so hard the first time i saw this , i even fell off my dinosaur !, 
  i do n't find them boring . 
  i think they 'd go well together with louder pieces , as the shoes do n't attract as much attention . 
  do they put them to sleep somehow when shipping or not ? 
  i do n't think the phone being a modem makes anything different . 
  you can always host a ftp server on any network and anyone with a password , if you set one , can connect to it . 
  i 'm not sure about other phones but this is very easy to do on an android , solid explorer for example can help you set up and ftp server . 
  i 'm not aware of any vulnerabilities caused because of the hotspot . 
  seriously , amazon can lower the price all they want , but only backing up community devs is gon na make a difference . 
  because we 're an ex-ussr country , expect some assholes like him . 
  also nowadays people mostly do n't give a shit about racism , homophobia , xenophobia etc. 
  so you 're gon na be fine . 
  it seems most of the questions were answered , i 'm just gon na add what i can . 
  1 ) although i prefer nida myself , palanga is a very popular place among tourists , although the beaches tend to get very crowdy , and i mean crowdy . 
  5 ) depends . 
  things that are imported from other countries , like most electronics , tend to be around 10 % more expensive , things that are made here like foods are quite a bit cheaper that in western europe . 
  if we 're looking at clothes , you probably wo n't find brands like adidas or nike cheaper here , however some stores like h&m , zara etc. 
  are a bit cheaper . 
  no idea about hockey gear , your best shot is probably any sports shop . 
  btw , afaik hockey is huge in latvia , if you 're visiting it as well , i 'm sure you 'll have better luck there . 
  7 ) we do n't have shopping streets really , maybe gedimino prospektas and pilies gatve , but those are the two most popular places in downtown and they 're filled with restaurants , cafes and some souvenir shops . 
  as far as malls go , my favorites are akropolis , ozas , panorama and ogmios miestas . 
  the last one is just a bunch of outlet shops , you can get some cheap deals there . 
  several shops i 'd recommend checking out that you normally would n't find in western europe are pull & bear ( cheap af good looking clothes ) and labadiena ( it 's more high end , however this being eastern europe it 's not that expensive ), 
  9 ) public transportation is pretty well developed , but having a car is nicer . 
  getting around in the city is pretty easy , i 'm not sure about the costs exactly , but you can buy a single ride ticket , 30 min , 60 min , daily , monthly and maybe weekly bus tickets . 
  i only know that the single ride tickets costs around a euro and a half . 
  two transfers should get you pretty much everywhere . 
  if you do decide to use public transport , make sure to download trafi mobile app , it 's amazing , works both in lithuania and latvia if i 'm not mistaken . 
  it requires internet connection , but 3g is ridiculously cheap here , you an get 1 gb and unlimited texts + calls for less than 5 euros . 
  lithuanians tend to be pretty tolerant , especially around tourist places , in downtown and such . 
  but if you wander off into wrong places you may bump into some not-so-friendly people . 
  rule of thumb , at night avoid people with tracksuits and bold haircuts . 
  younger people almost always speak at least decent english , so in case you need to ask something your best bet is to talk to someone younger than 20 . 
  older folks usually speak russian and maybe some terrible english . 
  either way , that 's pretty much it for the things i wanted to add . 
  feel free to ask anything , 
  edit : reddit do n't be stupid , let me format my comment myself . 
  you 've made a pretty nice choice , i 've done this many times , there are bike paths all the way and you 'll ride through juodkrante and pass by right next to preila ( which i suggest you visit , it 's a small old village and if you do i 'd recommend going to the restaurant lyra , it 's really good ! ) . 
  also , about this :, 
   has anyone done this ? 
  i 'm just wondering if it is better to go k-n or n-k as i will probably get the ferry one way . 
  you want to go on your bike one way and the get the ferry the other way ? 
  well if i understood you right , it does n't work like that - the ferry takes you from klaipeda to smiltyne , and from there you 're gon na have to bike to nida . 
  there 's no ferry going from nida to klaipeda ( or vice versa ) and it 's impossible to go there by land only , unless you want to pass through kaliningrad ( and you definitely do n't , because of visas ) . 
  so you 're gon na need to either bike both ways or find a rental that let 's you drop your bike off at different places or find a bus that takes you from nida to either klaipeda or smiltyne and allows you to take your bike with you . 
  anyway , i hope i was clear enough . 
  if you have any questions , feel free to ask , 
  how long did it take ? 
  i torrent all my music so i ai n't supporting shit . 
  until i realize i like it a lot and buy a vinyl or a cd . 
  haha , this . 
  if you do n't know what it is , google it , it 's essentially a cake , but it 's really really good . 
  good luck finding one though !, 
  i would n't call this particular case disrespectful , because this is more about writing honest words , translating is just tiny part of the thing , 
  also , feel free to pm me with the text , i can proofread it as well . 
  i 'm not sure how much you know about algorithm efficiency and big o notation , but you algorithm does around n ^ 2 operations , where n is the number whose prime factors you need to find . 
  computers usually can do around 15\u00a0000\u00a0000 operations a second , that means if you 're trying to find the primes factors for 600851475143 , it 'll take about 600851475143 \\ ^ 2/15000000/60 / 60/24/365 = ** 763196548.244 ** years to compute . 
  you need to optimize your program . 
  you could try precomputing primes before instead . 
  look up some prime generating algorithms on google . 
  holy shit that 's an actually useful bot . 
  he posted a reasonable commented backed up by arguments and all you can reply with is this ? 
   inb4 ure a fenboi as well !! 1 !, 
  yes pls , even if we get huge discounts shipping makes up for it :(, 
  that 's a dirty scar !, 
  at least he 'll have a very manly picture to show his children . 
  alright boi , if you ca n't comprehend what you read and take everything literally maybe you should have spent more time reading books . 
  his comment was pointing out that the company indeed had it 's flaws and it 's due to the company being new to the game and it had nothing to do with `` you did n't make it , so shut up . 
  '' , that 's only your misinterpretation . 
  if what you meant with his `` opinions '' is `` one of the best smartphones of the year '' , well then i 'd like you to inform that it has received numerous praises from communities , reviewers , tech websites , it 's been chosen as technobuffalo 's phone of the year , many times named the best phone in it 's price range , competed with flagship devices and it did sell around 1.5 million devices , that has to say something about it , thinking that it was the very first phone op produced . 
  the saying `` one of the best smartphones of the year '' is more of a hyperbola than an opinion or overestimation . 
  hahaha this is equivalent to the `` my friend send that message '' excuse hahah, 
  the way i understood his mention about hiccups is that they had them and it 's hard to avoid them when you 're starting off fresh . 
  of course calling it one of the best is subjective , but who is to decide what best means ? 
  in this case i 'm pretty sure it 's ok to call it at least one of the best phones of the year because many respectable tech review sites and various youtubers like mkbhd have praised the phone for it 's low price and high specs . 
  i 'm not trying to deny the production hiccups , complaints about support service or certain issues like touch ghosting or yellow tint , but the phone is definitely a competitor to other manufacturers and relatively big numbers show that the community likes the phone for what it is . 
  i see you did n't really take my advice for reading comprehension , now did you . 
   i remember when all of you created a brand new company and was able to mass produce one of the best smartphones of the year without any production hiccups at all . 
  if you 'd reread that again , you might understand that the poster was challenging people who where complaining about production hiccups to create a new company and accomplish the same things as oneplus did , except not have any hiccups . 
  he obviously acknowledges the flaws and does n't try to deny them . 
  alright , at least we came to a point where we can see the obvious differences in our opinions . 
   i remember when all of you created a brand new company and was able to mass produce one of the best smartphones of the year without any production hiccups at all . 
  the way i see the original comment , the poster states that it 's pretty much impossible to create a company like oneplus and have no production hiccups , so imo he implies that there were indeed flaws with the company . 
  maybe that 's the beauty in it . 
  haha this is amazing , good luck op !, 
  by the way , there used to be an app or an xposed module taht would shrink the screen size and move it to the side to make it easier to use the phone one handed . 
  i ca n't remember what it was called exactly , but you may have some luck with it . 
  definitely above 15 , maybe something like 20 . 
  when you 're at 15 % or lower you get visible abs . 
  after reading comments on several oneplus posts you can easily assume that any post containing anything with oneplus will have many complaints and shitty jokes about production and the distribution of the one . 
  it really sucks that people do n't understand that nuclear energy is by far cleaner and safer than coal . 
  absolutely no regrets after buying sync pro . 
  / r/hiphopheads have a very nice post about the hate on kanye at the top right now . 
  wait , you 're telling me i ca n't base my expectations on what happens typically ? 
  do you not fucking expect the sun to rise in the morning , although it typically happens ? 
  i can imagine you running around in the morning and screaming of surprise . 
  [ here are all my boards in a photo as well ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xpguvme.jpg ), 
  damn i need to save up some money already . 
  burning fat is all dieting , no working out is necessary .
