  as for workouts , do few reps of hard exercises . 
  doing 100 crunches is n't going to help you neither build muscle nor lose fat , it 'll only make you better at doing a single exercise and actually slowly destroy your muscles . 
  that 's my first board , it was an impulse buy , i really wanted a longboard so i just bought a complete hammond drop through from a local skateshop . 
  now that i 've learned a lot on it i 'm going to be buying a new one sometime soon !, 
  holy shit that poor misused frog . 
  raytracing is actually very fun and challenging to write . 
  definitely a good exercise !, 
  fingerprint scanner is my bet . 
   brawn set 3 , rep 16, 
  be careful about that repcount brother , it 's nearing cardio zone . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/pushkatron, 
  nice assumptions , we have no idea what either device is gon na be like . 
  at least you 're paying the money to engineers rather than advertisement costs . 
  holy shit his last sentence is [ godwin 's law !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin%27s_law ), 
  maybe it was 15 $ cuz it 's a second hand fake . 
  it 's a silly sarcastic novelty user . 
  it ca n't really be successful because i doubt people will upvote it and have it at the top of our posts . 
   processor, 
   1.3 ghz quad core processor, 
  oh man thanks for all that info i now know how many cores it has and the clock speed . 
  that 's like buying a car and looking at the highest speedometer 's number and amount of wheels it has . 
  how much would it help a 980 ? 
  curious question . 
  sk8 his all day . 
  also pretty much any vans are nice to skate in . 
  damn man you just solved everything . 
  yeah , nike sbs fell out of my head , i like those too . 
  i like high tops mostly because of the ankle protection . 
  oh cmon , this is n't / r/hacking material . 
  you 're neither asking how it works nor anything educational or interesting . 
  this is n't even script kiddie level , this is worse , it 's the `` i 'm cheap and lazy consumer '' `` hacking '' . 
  yeah and maybe you could also read the sidebar before submitting . 
  i use nfc tags everywhere in my house . 
  how much dedotated wam though ? 
  they keep getting removed . 
  there are also ton of shitty versions out there . 
  you 'd think that microsoft engineers thought about that . 
  come on , the bittorrent protocol has been here for ages and it 's been doing exactly the same . 
  depends on the outfit . 
  developing , programming , coding - all of those are substituted with ` hacking ' to sound more buzzwordy . 
  i 've seen this reference one too many times . 
  link please or some context ? 
  you must 've been living under a rock , meek and drake have taken the top of / r/bpt for the last several days . 
  a tldr of the events would be that meek called out drake on twitter and claimed that he does n't write his own songs . 
  drake responded with two diss songs and meek has been silent . 
  no problem , i hope you have a pleasant stay , 
  as for the basketball souvenirs , yeah , they 're pretty much everywhere in the bigger malls . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , ozas has a lietuvos rytas shop , it 's the vilnius basketball club . 
  if you 're visiting kaunas , you should grab something with \u017dalgiris , it 's an old kaunas basketball club with many famous victories , 
  and yeah , you can definitely spot some squatting slavs , much more likely in rural areas though . 
  you should do just fine with english and a tad bit of russian , as you said , it 's pretty much exactly like in poland . 
  anyway , if you have any questions feel more than free to ask , i 'd be happy to help you , 
  i guess they 're implying that it 's absolutely trivial to detect it when proper measures are n't taken . 
  i 'd imagine most spammers or brigaders do n't do much past restarting their modem . 
  choice may also be 4 in another case . 
  simply because there is no real alternative . 
  windows is an os created for consumers rather than consumers and developers . 
  for example , shells in linux are much more powerful than the ones in windows . 
  credits go to / u/wayspurrchen for the webp technique from [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/glitch_art/comments/3fooko/judith_beheading_holofernes_webpphotoshop/ ) . 
  dog and eyeballs is deep dream , this is pixel sorting . 
  in a nutshell , it takes every pixel in a line or a column and rearranges them so they 're sorted in some way , i.e. 
  brightest pixels go first . 
  [ you 're not alone . 
  we 're alone . 
  [ you call that a mob ? 
  what the fuck how is this shitpost / r/bpt ? 
  i 'd just like to interject for a moment . 
  what you 're referring to as linux , is in fact , gnu/linux , or as i 've recently taken to calling it , gnu plus linux . 
  linux is not an operating system unto itself , but rather another free component of a fully functioning gnu system made useful by the gnu corelibs , shell utilities and vital system components comprising a full os as defined by posix . 
  many computer users run a modified version of the gnu system every day , without realizing it . 
  through a peculiar turn of events , the version of gnu which is widely used today is often called `` linux '' , and many of its users are not aware that it is basically the gnu system , developed by the gnu project . 
  there really is a linux , and these people are using it , but it is just a part of the system they use . 
  linux is the kernel : the program in the system that allocates the machine 's resources to the other programs that you run . 
  the kernel is an essential part of an operating system , but useless by itself ; it can only function in the context of a complete operating system . 
  linux is normally used in combination with the gnu operating system : the whole system is basically gnu with linux added , or gnu/linux . 
  all the so-called `` linux '' distributions are really distributions of gnu/linux . 
  splitting linux would be silly , as it only makes up for 5 % . 
  yea , it 's stallman 's letter about linux name controversy . 
   the adequacy.org name , logo , symbol , and taglines `` news for grown-ups '' , `` most controversial site on the internet '' , `` linux zealot '' , and `` he just loves open source software '' , and the rgb color value : d7d7d7 are trademarks of adequacy.org, 
  kek, 
  have n't played a game in more than 30fps on the lowest graphics since way too long ago . 
  go through the hdr presets in photoshop , some of them produce shit like this . 
  and rooting does n't void the warranty , however , fucking the phone up because of rooting ( i.e. 
  overclocking too much and burning the soc ) does . 
  kek , this is pretty ironic . 
  you 'd think someone using kali would know how to install it on a usb stick . 
  damn , do you have any fit pics with those ? 
  just like any rick owens piece , it 's hard to pull off , but looks very good if you manage it . 
  i saw a guy selling a slightly used kanthaka in a local fb group with some decent trucks and wheels , ca n't remeber exactly what 's the setup , for 200 euros . 
  is it worth buying it ? 
  i 've wanted a new board for quite a while , i was thinking about a tesseract but buying everything and shipping can cost quite a bit here in europe . 
  ca n't say much about the laws or shops , but hills should n't be a problem , you 'll learn to love them  anyway , i bought my first complete for around 150 $ with a discount , it was definitely an ok board to start off with . 
  if you 're not sure whether you 're gon na like it or not , i 'd suggest buying a used board , you can get one for pretty cheap . 
  it really depends on the hills . 
  if they 're somewhat steep , it may be pita riding uphill , so you 'd need to carry the board up . 
  i saw a guy selling a slightly used kanthaka in a local fb group with some decent trucks and wheels , ca n't remember exactly what 's the setup , for 200 euros . 
  is it worth buying it ? 
  i 've wanted a new board for quite a while , i was thinking about a tesseract but buying everything and shipping can cost quite a bit here in europe . 
  this reminds me , a friend of mine worked in a snowboard rent .
