  most definitely `` niekas nenor\u0117jo mirti '' , literal translation would be `` nobody wanted to die '' . 
  a very old masterpiece , widely accepted as one of the greatest historic lithuanian movies , portraying a story of a peasant village and its guerrilla fighters , partisans , resisting the soviet occupation . 
  i do not know whether there are any english subtitles , but the full movie can be found on youtube : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=x6apwxuhwtg, 
  disable google now on every screen . 
  yeah , add having a neck to that as well . 
  fuck , how do you get such nice stacks ? 
  mine always look messy . 
  minecraft is a very demanding game and it ca n't really be changed much because of its ever changing environment . 
  try installing a 512x512 or even bigger texture pack and you 'll see that even a good rig will struggle to keep up at 60 fps . 
  because the player base of minecraft is mostly younger children , it 's unlikely that they have good enough computers . 
  terraria is different however , it is a developer choice . 
  ~ ~ can someone screenshot the prices with the discounts ? 
  i 'm not seeing anything . ~ ~, 
  e : changing the location to us changes the prices . 
  try a 75 % keyboard then , it 's pretty similar to a 60 % but has f-keys . 
  if you ca n't find one for sale , try getting a high resolution picture or scan of the mousepad and you can make one at artscow.com for 1 $ if you search for a coupon . 
  best place to buy keycaps in europe ? 
  massdrop usually has some very expensive shipping . 
  pls post fit pls do, 
  mother of thane , that looks beautiful as fuck !, 
  it 's a dick move and you definitely should n't do it , but that does n't mean you ca n't find it funny . 
  or was it sarcasm ? 
  i think the question here is , or at least should be , which version do you prefer if you have a choice . 
  right guys , lets stop commenting now . 
  you 're the prometheus of clothes . 
  actually , tennis shoes . 
  there are several `` private '' lithuanian trackers and everybody knows about them , as in even my parents ask me to download them movies from there . 
  couple of years ago certain anti piracy organisations decided to do something about them , but in the end nothing happened . 
  they could n't even take down the most popular website , not even temporarily . 
  the `` windows 7 '' torrents that started the whole shitstorm are still notoriously available on those trackers . 
  really , nobody cares , nobody . 
  it 's a very popular thing to do , one of the cooler raspberry pi projects imo . 
  there are a ton of tutorials if you google for `` magic mirror raspberry pi '' . 
  actually , / r/pcmasterrace, 
  your inner linguist is entirely correct . 
  i would n't say they 're overrated , for someone who spends several hours a day typing on their keyboard , investing 200 $ into it seems very logical , like investing into a good matress . 
  the bubbles are unique on every legit pair because of the way they are made . 
  reps , however , have the same pattern , except mirrored , on both the left and the right shoe, 
  send it to me and i will fix it . 
  however no promises on sending it back . 
   did n't they say it was due to some changes in their caching system ? 
  why does the article now say it was a dos attack ? 
  ddos caused different caching rules to be deployed , which turned out to be faulty . 
  whoops , i meant, 
  echo `` puskanium ''   giveawayfile.txt, 
  the rather easy to understand golbach 's weak conjencture was proven in 2013 . 
  not exactly major , but it took a while . 
  not necessarily . 
  maybe they needed to share it with two people and they decided to use [ pizza theorem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pizza_theorem ) . 
  it 's not like we could n't just run away from them , in fact , jog away . 
  this is so fucking good holy shit , the sub just killed itself . 
  tried to keep it looking similar . 
  another one, 
  there 's only a png sequence of the video . 
  nothing of interest . 
   open-source version of their os, 
  just to clear things up , cyanogenmod ( cm ) is ran by the community and is open source , while cyanogenos ( cos ) is closed source and owned by cyanogen . 
  the two no longer have anything in common , except a similar name . 
  1-2 $ for a thousand views is usually the number various game channels give . 
  however , channels like vevo usually advertise more , so it may be a bit higher than that . 
  he probably meant a one way mirror . 
  actually hitler had to shave his kaiser moustache into a toothbrush moustache because he was ordered to trim it to facilitate the wearing of a gas mask . 
  this happened during or before ww1 . 
  loving the jacket . 
  this was posted here a little while ago . 
  how do you like the threesix ? 
  i 've been thinking about buying at as my second board , but i 'm not sure yet . 
  i have a cheap dropthrough which is really beat up at this point . 
  greenify and amplify are not advertised as `` super efficient battery savers !!! '', 
  or ram cleaners and they 're definitely not being shit on by / r/android . 
  which twsbi is that ? 
  really liked gosha . 
  i hope he makes something less sporty looking . 
  quadcore sounds like a lot of fun . 
  rpi zero has a single core , so this gives twice as many cores for the same price . 
  i may buy a couple of these to see how well they could do some parallel computing . 
  monitor the total download and upload of torrents . 
  there are going to be ones with big mismatches , meaning that somehow , there is more upload than download , that is , cheating . 
  tag everyone from those snatchlists as a * possible * cheater . 
  if some one person gets tagged many times , it 's likely that he is the one cheating . 
  do the rest of the investigation manually . 
  this is hard to implement on bigger trackers , where people can cheat on torrents with huge numbers of seeds , like the freeleech picks , but seeing as you 're from a niche tracker , this probably should n't be much of a problem for you . 
   it would be a lot easier to teach someone safe downloading, 
  i had to deal with several family computers and trust me , it 's definitely not easy to explain to older people how to differentiate a fake download button from a real one . 
  please keep making more !, 
  i loved your i3 tutorial , you 're really good at this !, 
  yuck , it 's been a while since i last saw tinypic being used . 
  it 's better , but it 's still pretty bad . 
  linux version or should we just wine for now ? 
  correction : no . 
  binary was around for quite a bit before boole was even born . 
  boole is known for his work on boolean algebra . 
   8 times a year or only once every 10,000 years, 
  that 's quite an interval you have there . 
  actually , it 's a tad bit different than that . 
  starting at the lowest level , we have 1000 bytes in a * kilo * byte and 1024 bytes in a * kibi * byte . 
  going further , we have, 
  * 1024 mebibytes ( mib ) in a gibibyte ( gib ), 
  * 1 073\u00a0741\u00a0824 bytes ( b ) in a gibibyte ( gib ), 
  and similarly :,
