  heat affects battery life , but it 's barely noticable . 
  yea , should 've fucking burned it as well . 
  may i ask you how exactly do you lose a gpu ? 
  do they just disappear like socks ? 
  holy shit , nice wpm . 
  i 've recently got myself an ibm model m and i 've been learning how to touch type since then . 
  anyway , how long have you been training for ? 
  got very lucky and uploaded a book from library genasis to bb for something like 800gb bounty . 
  i still have much of that left to this day . 
  why would you even participate in this icelandic cloth sewing forum ? 
   heels not touching the ground, 
   casio instead of an ancient elektronika, 
   that much hair on his head, 
  nice try but years of living in eastern europe have taught me how to spot an imposter squating slav . 
  you 're a perfect example of how to wear a polo . 
  you have to stop being a lazy cunt , realise that giving out invites for random people in the public is a severe violation of the website rules and that there is an official interview which is piss easy to take if you put any effort in to learning . 
  i think only invite selling gets the whole tree banned , however i might be wrong . 
  i like it , except for that one segment where you can see a white line between the triangles . 
  have 3 opt invites , pm me if your total karma is more than 300 . 
  got ta lc that smell, 
  ok , so i do n't actually understand what this library can do . 
  could some one eli5 or give some examples ? 
   so your dad made a career of ruining peoples lives over a plant, 
  that 's a very nice generalization , you sound like the 15 year olds running around and spraying acab everywhere . 
  not all but some of their clothes are really good . 
  try / r/fashionreps not here, 
  [ it 's getting really cold outside ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2irjsxh.jpg ), 
  as a chair enthusiast i ask you to stop abusing your chairs . 
  nothing much , nopoo and some sea salt spray in the morning if it looks too messy . 
  thanks man, 
  i do n't know much more than that it is from dickies , i just bought it in a local store . 
  how do you style your hair with a blow dryer ? 
  i 've tried it a few times but my hair just falls back into the shape it was before within minutes . 
  if you 're trying to make something like a robot that knows the distance it has traveled , you 're going to need a gps module at least . 
  i have tried mapping the movement and calculating delta position of my robot using a gyroscope and an accelerometer , but it was ridiculously inaccurate with huge miscalculations on the slightest bump . 
  if you 're going to use a servo , you might try calculating how many revolutions the servo does in a minute . 
  it may not be very exact , but depending on what you need it might be sufficient . 
  all of a sudden i really like the moderators here . 
  it kinda goes to show how well the moderators are doing their job , i 've never had an opportunity to create an image around them . 
  hey / r/fountainpens !, 
  recently got my pilot metropolitans from massdrop , loving them so far . 
  however i 'm having a hard time finding ink here , every store i went to only had parker ink bottles at exorbitant prices and suspicously cheap no name russian ink . 
  i 'm hesitant to buy either , so i was wondering what are some good places to order ink from with reasonable shipping prices to europe , lithuania in particular ? 
  and they hit the target because he used his mouse and not a controller . 
  could you please explain what `` return * this '' does in this context ? 
  thanks !, 
  you have to choose between them fitting great , well or perfect . 
  i suggest you join the supreme race of chairs . 
  they look similar to the ones on banggood , judging by the cutouts for the leds on certain keys . 
  i have the same set on my pok3r and they 're pretty nice for the price , however they get dirty really fast and they feel rougher than the original pok3r keycaps , but it was definitely worth it . 
  i guess it 's personal preference . 
  for me , the original keycaps feel nicer . 
  another poorman checking in . 
  if you have no gpu , i suggest trying games that are more cpu intensive , for example all of valve 's source games ( tf2 , dota 2 , cs : go , portal 2 , l4d2 ) . 
  i 'm running those on my 7 year old shitty pentium w / a gts250 and i get stable 1080p ~ 45 fps on low graphics . 
  not exactly glorious , but definitely not peasantry , especially for a rig that old . 
  why is it always that the ones shitposting are never fitposting ? 
  no steve , i did n't mean you , i was adressing / u/whosafraidof _ 138 . 
  everybody knows you 're an amazing meme and everyone loves you here , or hates you , anyway , nobody 's calling out your fits . 
  and the international shipping costs 85 $ , that 's almost as much as the pen itself without the discount :(, 
  less than three weeks ago my very anticipated massdrop package finally arrived with two pilot metropolitans , one of which i gifted to a friend . 
  this was my first fountain pen and i fell in love with it . 
  i was trying to take good care of it , but the first time i accidentally dropped it gave me a valuable lesson . 
  all that is left now is an almost full parker ink bottle to remind me to start saving up for another fountain pen , 
  accidentally dropped it on the ground when i was taking a break from writing . 
  and yeah , let this be a lesson for me . 
  that 's very kind of you to offer , but i live in europe and it 's likely that shipping would cost more than the pen itself . 
  nice one !, 
  i have some feedback for you . 
  i suggest replacing the outline on the text with some black outer glow instead , it seems that that was used in the op picture . 
  similarly with the logo , replacing the outline with a combination of small amount of very soft drop shadow and a little bit of black outer glow will make it pop a little bit more . 
  also try messing around with inner bevel or emboss , a very subtle amount can look good . 
  nice job picking the background color . 
  try using a subtle gradient together with another color that 's a little darker than the one you used . 
  next thing you know op is complaining to oneplus about a faulty charger . 
  those damn chibese dudes, 
  if you ever had doubts about trying out python , programming or linux , now is a wonderful time . 
  they 're much better for majority progrmaming languages . 
  i 've used them mostly for both python and c++ and the workflow is ridiculously fast , especially if you can master the terminal . 
   i wish they released a headless raspi with ethernet instead of hdmi . 
  oh how many pis i 'd buy . 
  anyway , is there anything similar to esp8266 but for ethernet ? 
  a laptop 10x more powerful would cost at least 20x more . 
  not that you need even a fraction of the performance if you 're just learning . 
  also for those who want to move away from privacy infringing proprietary systems this raspberry is a perfect starting point without any need to commit any serious resources or waste a lot of time trying to make things work . 
  older raspberry pi b + , but i suggest getting the latest raspberrt pi 2 b. 
  e : messed up , whoops . 
  thisnis a link to a blog spammed with adds . 
  the actual link to the chromebook on amazon is here, 
  it does n't seem that the tackler put much force into the tackle , rather the ball carrier jumped at a terrible time . 
  beautiful technique though . 
  exactly , no way is chip actually $ 4 . 
  the shipping covers up the rest of the cost . 
  damn , after watching videos like these i really regret never getting a dog . 
  however , you might want to invest into a harness , it feels much more natural for your dog to pull you with a harness rather than a leash like this . 
  oh wow and i actually thought the plan was going to work , thanks a lot for clearing this up !, 
  the casio looks * really * good here . 
  but how would you get that sweet karma from your reddit post ? 
  and a tldr for the lazy lazy ? 
  both really simple and complex at the same time .
