  i 'm not sure about the ultra diz , try googling it , someone might have done it already . 
  we do n't actually like women here , we prefer looking at ourselves in the mirror . 
  seeing as they handled several open sales recently rather well , i would n't be surprised . 
  15 $ / month , can come anytime from 8 to 7 , and at certain times there are a couple coaches . 
  being in a rugby club with it 's own gym is amazing . 
  quality post 10/10 would contribute to quality of this sub again . 
  high : went skating today . 
  low : it started snowing . 
  i could n't find this one at a local shop , but i 'll try to look for it again , thanks . 
  can i do dual monitors with this single gpu ? 
  this is why you should get a pentax k500 as your daily driver . 
  dude this is / r/android , you buy a phone because you want a phone , not because of some nationalism shit . 
  are you really comparing a company ran by everyday people like us and a man who killed 6 million people ? 
  benchmarks show how powerful the hardware is , not how fast the phone is . 
  i 'm pretty sure s5 is more powerful than the n5 , but the clogged software of s5 makes for a very not smooth experience . 
  in something more power demanding , like gaming , s5 would outperform the n5 . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are very few people like you , so it 's rather unlikely . 
  or get a smartphone which has all of the things you mentioned . 
  do n't mind the negative people , this sub has quite a few retards . 
  also many of the photos posted here belong to / r/shittyhdr, 
  did you install the xposed framework or only the app ? 
  xposed is n't compatible with art and lollipop does n't have dalvik anymore . 
  if it 's not showing up , it may be a driver issue . 
  try to google about fixing oneplus one drivers , see whether it detects it then and then reflash it . 
  you have to time it perfectly or you 're gon na have to wait awkwardly looking at the last 10 frames over and over again . 
  so i 'm rather new , could someone show me where you should put your head and what stance you should take when tackling ? 
  if you do n't know what rooting is or what it does , i strongly suggest you do n't root your phone . 
  if you still decide to do it , then you can easily find a rooting guide just by googling . 
  yes , dota2 is very popular in china . 
  in dslrs , built-in hdr usually sucks really badly , i suggest you take bracketed exposures and make an hdr later . 
  moral of the story , do n't buy beats headphones , go for some audio-technicas instead . 
  i think your math is a bit off . 
  muzei with reddit plugin . 
  it 's incompatible with the one . 
  great advertising . 
  it 's insanely huge in china . 
  / r/dota2 always underestimates china . 
  in reality , china makes up for a big portion of the player base , it becomes pretty obvious when professional players streams and gets more viewers than most tournaments get on twitch . 
  the way he bounces off the rock at 0:40 , holy shit . 
  ~ ~ got 3 invites . 
  i will give an invite each to two people with the oldest accounts with 1k + combined karma . ~ ~ these two have been given away and i received very nice offer for the third . 
  ~ ~ third invite will go to whoever can teach me dynamic programming . 
  pm me if interested . ~ ~, 
  comment + karma , you definitely have enough . 
  check your pm . 
  according to the author, 
  & gt ; if it does n't , the euro might be irreversible just like the titanic was unsinkable, 
  titanic was sinkable , so euro is reversible ? 
  personal preference , really . 
  i 've got mine with the cutout , looks amazing . 
  our currency was tied to euro , it does n't matter at all whether we 're using euros or litas , if there 's a crash we 're fucked either way . 
  the 160 difference is unnoticeable , really . 
  and lots of things can influence the benchmarks , i.e. 
  background apps , kernel , oc and such , neither which of ( except maybe for oc ) are worth tinkering with to achieve higher clock speeds . 
  i had the same problem . 
  i live in lithuania and oneplus does n't ship there and paypal does n't let you ship to a different address than your booking address , so i had to ask my friend from germany to buy it using their own paypal . 
  i 'd also suggest looking at oneplus one , although it 's generally not liked here on / r/android . 
  he generally has a bad reputation around here for his negative attitude towards lithuania and often starts flame wars . 
  i 'm not saying he 's not trustworthy , but take these things into account . 
  same happened in a dota 2 tournament , not sure which . 
  computers were crashing a couple of times every game . 
  twitch chat went fucking nuts about ibp . 
  you can see how sulucnivs beard grew over the year . 
  hell yeah , i 'll keep calling it `` jaif '' and you ca n't give me shit about it . 
  wait if i understand correctly , you fiber glassed the top , right ? 
  is n't it kinda useless ? 
  ahh that 's right , my bad . 
  if a winner is chosen from those , fuck . 
  they all sound like a generic shitty startup . 
  i really liked rom + + , i saw it on reddit somewhere . 
  i would n't suggest that . 
  by doing this you 're disabling part of your phone the hard way and it can yield unexpected results . 
  instead , try figuring out why it leeches so much battery and fix it . 
  most common way is a simple restart . 
  that 's an ibm model m. there 's nothing nicer than ibm model m. 
  i still prefer gifs . 
  you do n't need to open a new tab , wait for it to buffer and then watch ads . 
  you just ruined it for me . 
  if you actually reread my post , you 'd understand that i do n't need to open a new tab to view gifs and i am using imagus . 
  this is matte white or leather white ? 
  silk white 16gb . 
  swap r and l. 
  i do n't think they 'd want to launch 3 phones at the same time . 
  maybe 2 , but not 3 . 
  maybe do it the other way around ? 
  glass then skin . 
  i 'd doubt it , p&b is mostly europe . 
  your hair looks amazing !, 
  mind telling what product you use and how do you style it ? 
  you may be able to set it up with tasker , not sure how exactly . 
  maybe you can set up an event for keyboard popping up . 
  the url ends in honeybadger , neat . 
  it 's likely to be a problem with your sim card , i had similar problems and redownloading apn configurations fixed that . 
  because generally friend tend to care and be curious about other lives and activities ? 
  gloves and you 're good to go . 
  let 's keep it at < 500 and we 're good . 
  i understand why a pair of quality leather shoes is amazing , but i 'm still rather young and i 'm likely to grow out of them . 
  i do n't want to spend much yet , so what 's the best pair of boots you 'd recommend for around 100 $ ? 
  preferably in eu . 
  do n't go for the metal ones , they look the worst imo , i regret buying one .
