  if that 's not possible , just try the usual routine of not interacting with your dogs after you come home until they have calmed down to a certain degree . 
  a very fair question . 
  wikipedia puts it as :, 
   digital rights management ( drm ) is a class of copy protection technologies that are used by hardware and software manufacturers , publishers , copyright holders , and individuals with the intent to control the use of digital content and devices after sale . 
  and then tops it all off by following up with :, 
   there are , however , many competing definitions . 
  so i guess it depends . 
  i 'd assume a threesix is tougher , because it 's designed to be more robust in places that get more stress while riding . 
  a uniform design like op does n't seem to be too efficient . 
  that 's actually a really good looking puppy . 
  have any more pics to share ? 
  or maybe he 's extra smart and his actual password length is much longer . 
  at this point it does n't really matter . 
  a password of 20 symbol length and made of alphanumeric symbols gives 62 ^ 20 combinations which is on the order of 10 ^ 35 . 
  just got my first piston fill fountain pen , a twsbi eco . 
  loving it so far , however , one question : are you supposed to push the air out of the pen with the piston after using up some ink ? 
  that 's a vizsla and their tails have a mind of their own . 
  saw the keyboard , the fountain pens and the headphones and was n't sure which subreddit this was from . 
  / r/mechanicalheadpens represent, 
  lovely quote , even though it 's misattributed . 
  yeah , wikiquote says :, 
   `` death solves all problems -- no man , no problem . '', 
   this actually comes from the novel children of the arbat ( 1987 ) by anatoly rybakov . 
  in his later book the novel of memories ( in russian ) rybakov admitted that he had no sources for such a statement . 
  you 're so terrible that even the roasts you get are shitty . 
  all they did was fool an accelerometer into fake data . 
  literally no iot was hacked . 
   my password has a g in it, 
  better keep such things secret . 
  you just decreased the security of your system , we now know one character of your password . 
  though best of luck with your problem . 
  that 's not how crowd funding works . 
  you have to give back a product or service , not the money . 
  it 's not a loan . 
  lovely color . 
  that 's an ef nib , right ? 
  linkomanija has interviews or similar ? 
  never even saw a recruitment thread anywhere , and i 've been on that tracker for several years . 
  also , any european country can use any other member 's embassy as if it were their own . 
  so a german can walk into a sweden 's embassy and get the exact same service as if they would in a german one . 
  that 's why technically every european country has an embassy in every country in the world . 
  well yeah , i thought it was obvious that this was about political matters . 
  rather obvious at this point , but also separate chip for usb and ethernet . 
  got any more pics of the dog ? 
  perfect , thanks . 
  eh lithuanians tend to be very pessimistic at times , the guy 's a good example . 
  i do disagree with him , in general the youth is very lax about foreigners , cities have become more and more diverse culture wise , people are overall very tolerant , more so in the cities than smaller towns . 
  there are some remnants of soviet times though , especially conservative xenophobic old pensioners , but everyone 's learned to ignore them . 
  i never knew we had dominant eyes . 
  really cool , thanks op . 
  no species is safe now . 
  this is the absolutely shittiest colorscheme one could ever choose . 
  sincerely , a colorblind person . 
  nope , snoot is inconsistent with the coat color . 
  definitely not pure vizsla . 
  it 's treading a thin line , because there is no nudity so it 's hard to classify it as sexualizing minors . 
  ridgebacks have a darker snoot , that 's one easy way to tell a v apart . 
  probably more suitable in this context is the definition of docking as cutting the tail off . 
  initial fov would have to be beyond ridiculous to have such wide fov edited video . 
  you can see his both arms pretty well . 
  do you think honey producers in the rest of the world currently do n't know about the effects ? 
  of course they do , everybody does , but there 's nothing you can do know . 
  also you could write a o ( log ( n ) ) power function instead of this o ( n ) , using faster power algorithm , if speed is important in this case . 
  my keyboard told me splatters was a word so i went with it . 
  it 's much simpler than you 'd think . 
  merely creating a new gmail account and sending him an email should suffice . 
  just make sure you leave no obvious traces , history , logged in account etc and you should be fine . 
  if you 're terribly paranoid ( * very terribly * ) you can try installing tails and going to a public place like a library or a mcdonald 's with a public wifi , connect to tor through there and do the previously mentioned thing with gmail . 
  might want to look out for some cameras wherever you sit down while doing this as well , if we 're being * that * paranoid . 
  swimming is tough on the muscles but easy on the joints , that 's why it 's usually recommended for dogs with hip problems . 
  yes , it is n't . 
  great reading comprehension, 
  what 's the best way to get into nwcd ? 
  do they recruit somewhere ? 
  compare us to russians . 
  good bot, 
  you can make your algorithm even faster , o ( log n ), 
  whenever i render a poster , i get this pink glowing beard , but it 's supposed to be black . 
  in sfm before the render it looks perfectly fine , after the render it updates to pink and the poster turns out pink too . 
  any help ? 
  so i 'm visiting switzerland next week , and i would like to ask you a few questions !, 
  i 'm going to need a sim card with mobile data for a decent price . 
  what would be the best choice ? 
  i 'm going to be staying in lucerne for a few days and i would like to know what sights should i see or places worth visiting . 
  thanks !, 
  heya , i 'm thinking of building myself a board while it 's still cold outside . 
  i was looking into baltic berch , because here it is rather cheap ( and local , too ! ) . 
  when buying plywood , do you guys look at it 's quality , as in b , s , bb , cp ? 
  does it matter when building a longboard ? 
  cheers !, 
  i 'm starting keto next week and i 'm wondering , what do you guys drink your creatine with ? 
  i used to drink it with grape juice , because it has the most carbs and afaik it 's best to consume creatine together with some carbs . 
  get in lads . 
  e : and we 're done , 2 days and several minutes of freeleech topped off with tracker finally crashing . 
  because what happens in vegas , stays in vegas . 
  i do n't want unlucky people working in my department . 
  [ removed ], 
  hey ,, 
  so i 've got a year old female vizsla whom i absolutely love , she 's amazing . 
  anyway , i 've recently started taking her together with me longboarding .
