  if there 's a force strong enoguh to crack the main screen , a glass protector wo n't stand in it 's way . 
  i thought this was more suitable to / r/netsec rather than / r/programming, 
   the access granted by lufthansa 's site also included his friend 's phone number , and the name of the person who booked the flight . 
  more worrisome , cory now had the ability to view all future flights tied to that frequent flyer account , change seats for the ticketed passengers , and ** even cancel any future flights ** . 
  i never put much thought into how much information could be obtained by simply scanning a barcode off a boarding pass . 
  did n't see the triplet model m 's at first , nice !, 
  i really like the stacks on the jeans !, 
  breaking out of character , but no , do n't arch your back , unless you 're trying to go for that 1 rep pr . 
  arched back puts slightly more stress on the spine , but most importantly it decreases the range of motion . 
  it 's like doing quarter squats . 
  you may be able to bench more weight , but if you want progress instead , do a full rep with your back arched naturally . 
  lower shutter speed and moving your camera along the object . 
  quality content , thanks for the post op . 
  i was really hoping he 'd find some way to control the botnet over irc . 
  oh man , loving the beer keycap !, 
  any links ? 
   i deserve more stylish death, 
  that 's my life motto from now on . 
  you bought what is known as an octopus deck , you need a total of 4 trucks and 8 wheels . 
  try posting this on / r/longboarding daily general thread . 
  this sub is for building boards from scratch . 
  that 's both interesting and really sad . 
  not exactly surprising . 
  a person can read 10 catalogues a year , while he only needs a single bible for a lifetime . 
  i 'd do a lot of calculations before buying a 400 $ psu , even if it is really efficient . 
  electricity is cheap and it 's likely that the 15 % are going to take 10 or so years to pay off . 
  is there any reason pok3r does n't default to vim bindings instead ? 
  ijkl to me seems the most uncomfortable . 
  this is a hand off and irb states that hands off are allowed at any age group , including those in the face as long as they 're done with your palm . 
  thanks for the quality post op , nice seeing something other than shitty hdrs and repetitve invite system jokes . 
  does the screen feel as smooth as the original one ? 
  no stutters , ghosting or multi touch issues ? 
  = where ? 
  there !, 
  in lithuanian . 
  or a whore . 
  really like the coat in the first pic . 
  holy shit do you have a pic of your hair ? 
  it looks fucking insane in the second pic !, 
  i suggest mailing me those shoes to try out . 
  overall a nice outfit . 
  nice hair !, 
  what product do you use , if any ? 
  since when is this a thing ? 
  why do they never include a sata port , come on , so many more cheap server possibilities . 
  any links or recommendations ? 
  i see that i 'm late but hey , here are my two tries . 
  i have selection saved the . psd so it 's really easy to modify it , if there 's anything you dislike . 
  as for the color , i just pulled two rgb codes of off wikipedia . 
  it 's pretty hard because the one in the photo looks matte , while yours is a tad bit reflective , so the color looks quite a bit different . 
  nice job !, 
  how much did this all cost ? 
  i 'm thinking of building a single planck myself . 
  thanks , it 's about time i start saving up . 
  the problem is that people like her never want to change their mind . 
  she did n't start talking to him in order to listen to a different opinion , try to find a solution or anything like that . 
  her goal was to reassure her own beliefs and when she 's confronted with an opposing opinion , all she can do is deny it , because , in her eyes , he 's simply wrong . 
  this is n't only limited to drugs . 
  i grew up in an ex ussr country and my surroundings were always very conservative - intolerant of homosexuals , negative towards any drugs and generally against majority of the things from the western culture . 
  any time such topics came up , my relatives would always stand firmly behind their beliefs , disregarding any argument you say and throwing around logical fallacies . 
  it did n't take long for me and my sister to give up on trying to change their views . 
  to me it seems that agreeing with other people 's opinions for them feels like being defeated . 
  if you want to go hardcore and you 're willing to learn , vim is definitely the way . 
  it was the what.cd of it 's time . 
  the title is so fucking bad there 's even a meta comment about comments about how bad it is . 
  i think he was implying that sales like these or the ones on steam are bad because you spend a lot of money , not because they 're useless . 
   turning from 3d to 2d, 
  the weebs ultimate dream . 
  in june 2000 , while visiting korea , i did a fun hack that clearly illustrates the original and true meaning of the word `` hacker '' . 
  i went to lunch with some gnu fans , and was sitting down to eat some tteokpaekki , when a waitress set down six chopsticks right in front of me . 
  it occurred to me that perhaps these were meant for three people , but it was more amusing to imagine that i was supposed to use all six . 
  i did not know any way to do that , so i realized that if i could come up with a way , it would be a hack . 
  i started thinking . 
  after a few seconds i had an idea . 
  first i used my left hand to put three chopsticks into my right hand . 
  that was not so hard , though i had to figure out where to put them so that i could control them individually . 
  then i used my right hand to put the other three chopsticks into my left hand . 
  that was hard , since i had to keep the three chopsticks already in my right hand from falling out . 
  after a couple of tries i got it done . 
  then i had to figure out how to use the six chopsticks . 
  that was harder . 
  i did not manage well with the left hand , but i succeeded in manipulating all three in the right hand . 
  after a couple of minutes of practice and adjustment , i managed to pick up a piece of food using three sticks converging on it from three different directions , and put it in my mouth . 
  it did n't become easy -- for practical purposes , using two chopsticks is completely superior . 
  but precisely because using three in one hand is hard and ordinarily never thought of , it has `` hack value '' , as my lunch companions immediately recognized . 
  playfully doing something difficult , whether useful or not , that is hacking . 
  i later told the korea story to a friend in boston , who proceded to put four chopsticks in one hand and use them as two pairs -- picking up two different pieces of food at once , one with each pair . 
  he had topped my hack . 
  was his action , too , a hack ? 
  i think so . 
  is he therefore a hacker ? 
  that depends on how much he likes to hack . 
  man that 's really nice !, 
  i 'm sure your friend will be stoked . 
  anyway , do you know how heavy it is ? 
  1 '' maple is quite a bit of wood . 
  obligatory :, 
  and, 
  exaclty , and this gif is so much better with some context, 
  yes , exactly this .
