  it does lack discussions and similar , but people can snatch your torrents , snatch torrents for you , tell you how to get in to sites , check for torrents and some other things . 
  you look a lot like zyzz !, 
  great transformation , op . 
  how so ? 
  hey , that 's really nice if you !, 
  however i live far away from you , it 'd be cheaper to buy one rather than ship it here . 
  but thanks a lot for the thought , 
  my good old beater timbs . 
  before the discovery of fire , humans used to eat raw meat , so eating raw meat is a basic human behaviour and we 're all failing to be humans . 
  dsploit has gone closed source if i 'm not mistaken and is now owned or supported or somethong by a company from israel . 
  a different fork , csploit , is still open source and is developed by one of the original devs . 
  oh damn , even the default android terminal has many of those ` hacking tools ' , also known as network utilities . 
  would n't it be nice if someone made it ? 
  posted to reddit as well ? 
  maybe even in / r/glitch _ art ? 
  damn !, 
  but seriously , these look amazing , there was definitely an older version for sale . 
  as always , zanti is a shady iran based company , dsploit is owned by the same company and has recently gone closed source . 
  csploit is much better fork of dsploit maintained by the original dev , has all the functionallity of the other two and is open source . 
  sorry , my bad . 
  either way it was really bad last time i used it . 
  can you find anythind decent in nordstorm rack ? 
  google and xda devs is your friend . 
  i use flac because storage is cheap af and i can always transcode to mp3 if i need to . 
  where do you come from ? 
  it might be easier to compare two countries . 
  exactly . 
  qualcomm , for example , releases many new chips in all price ranges that strongly outperform their predecessors . 
  nope , it 's the same for me . 
  you can shop both at the kids store and the adult store . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're gon na have a hard time finding usual streetwear stuff like supreme , bape and other more expensive ones . 
  instead try looking around in thrift shops for some alternative pieces , like vintage adidas jackets and windbreakers , old soviet watches and similar stuff . 
  have fun !, 
  fuck i 'm on my trip in the states and it 's fcking 45 \u00b0 here , that 's twice as much as i am used to . 
  do n't get fooled though , model b rev 2 is n't rpi 2 model b. 
  the a + is a very good deal however !, 
  [ i 've recently copped a pretty similar pair !, 
  did you try installing xposed on the latest cos12 ? 
  i keep getting the sdk error . 
  i 've never had problems with lollipop and xposed on earlier versions of cos12 , the only problem i 've encountered was with installing it on the latest cos12 . 
  here you go, 
  i think they both look really good . 
  i 've been getting compliments on my all the time , 
  ca n't say much about other networks , but tele2 has perfect 3g coverage in almost all of lithuania , the speeds are pretty good and it 's really fucking cheap . 
  for something like 4 euros i get a lot of texts and call hours ( i do n't actually know how many , i 've never used them up ) and 1 gb of data . 
  if i ever run out , i can always reorder it . 
  yup , you can always cancel the plan and order it again , that 's what i always do . 
  i usually order visiems and n30 comes with it for extra euro or less . 
  and i was just looking into getting a hero4 . 
  i think this is a pretty good idea , because not everybody needs a 4k30fps camera , really . 
  30 mins in and srs still is n't here . 
  they 're all over this drama . 
  that 's ... actually pretty smart . 
  i mean they did advertise it as a 300 $ flagship killer . 
  multiplying a lot of numbers always tends to produce a ton of 0s at the end . 
  everytime you multiply the number by 5 and 2n , for example , where n is any natural number , you get a zero at the end , and you ca n't ever loose those zeroes if you only multiply by natural numbers . 
  go to a footlocker and look around , all there is to it . 
  i kinda think that any clothes woth big logos are very loud , and generally wearing more than one loud piece id hard to pull off . 
  you meed some white sneakers , maybe stans , superstars or low af1s . 
  i currently have 100/100 for something like less than 10 $ a month . 
  what plan do you have ? 
  not exactly the way you want to do it , but if you 're fine with getting your hands dirty , you could try spoofing mac addresses , it 's very easy to get access to wifis which require logging in with a nickname and a password . 
  it 's a little complicated , but if you google ` mac spoofing ' , you should find something . 
  copped the bikers a day ago as well , i 'm very happy about them . 
  can anyone explain the big jumps on ptp ? 
  hey , steve !, 
  i wish you all the best , especially for the next few weeks , things have been rough around here . 
  i 'd like to ask a question though , several things ellen changed around caused a very big reaction here at reddit , especially from older users , for example , banning of fph and removal of victoria . 
  are any of those things changing now that ellen is n't the ceo anymore ? 
  also , the famous quote from ellen which was cited many times by all the ellen haters , ` it 's not our site 's goal to be a completely free-speech platform ' what do you think about it ? 
  do you want reddit to be a fully freedom of speech supported website , or do you want the content to be managed and to a certain degree censored ? 
  i think freedom of speech is misinterpreted a lot of the times . 
  universal declaration of human right states :, 
  `` everyone shall have the right to hold opinions without interference '' and `` everyone shall have the right to freedom of expression ; this right shall include freedom to seek , receive and impart information and ideas of all kinds , regardless of frontiers , either orally , in writing or in print ... '', 
  but however , it also states that exercise of these rights carries `` special duties and responsibilities '' and may `` therefore be subject to certain restrictions '' when necessary `` for respect of the rights or reputation of others '' or `` for the protection of national security or of public order ( order public ) , or of public health or morals '' . 
  freedom of speech never meant to protect things like child pornography , doxxing and such , it meant to protect sharing of ideas , discussions and opinions . 
  as for doxxing on reddit , the rules were always clear that posting any personal information , starting witch hunts and similar were a serious offence and everybody doing it would be banned . 
  these rules were enforced long before ellen came and nobody was mad about it . 
  same for underage porn , it 's prohibited by the law and any such material is illegal , even 4chan bans user posting it . 
  electric vehicles create way less co2 counting in the energy production . 
  i use flud every now and then too . 
  the only one i found to be not bloated and functional . 
  nice one !, 
  mind sharing how you did the first part ? 
  you should 've linked his original post in / r/hhh , the reactions of the sub was priceless . 
  `` i ca n't understand fashion , that means it sucks ! '', 
  what ? 
  the sole looks like it was worn quite a bit . 
  anyways , it 's still quite the deal !, 
   logic and knowledge about how computers work, 
  choose one . 
  yup all black stans or all black superstars if you 're feeling fancy . 
  wait , they 're banned ? 
  since when ? 
  but memes are life . 
  this exactly . 
  as far as i know , gpio and usb ports have no protection whatsoever , the charging micro usb has a fuse . 
  what 's wrong with high waisted anything , really ? 
  it looks fucking amazing most of the time . 
  yea , my gts250 is only a few generations behind .
