  idk fam but it really does n't look good the way it is now, 
  check, 
  check, 
  check, 
  check, 
  i 'm pretty sure you can make a great hollywood movie solely on the gangs stories . 
  `` in 2005 , they raided a saint-tropez jewellers dresssed in flowery t-shirts before escaping in a speed boat . '', 
  `` in 2008 , eight pink panthers rammed two limousines through the front window of a luxury shopping mall in dubai to break into the graff jewellers , escaping with # 8 millon worth of watches and gems . '', 
  `` mikic has been on the run since escaping via a ladder from a french prison in 2005 , as accomplices peppered the compound 's watch tower with machinegun fire . '', 
  nice to meet you too , jewish / u/thehairyrussian . 
  also the extra 50 $ or smth is dirt cheap for extra 48 gb . 
  do you sanitize your hands with vodka ? 
  the fuse can take more than a couple of days to reset . 
  i 've had mine wired to something waaaaay more thab 5v and it took about a week to fully reset . 
  take a break op , check your rpi in a week again , if it does n't work , you 're probably out of luck . 
  both are terrible . 
  iso at jpeg one is massive and the raw looks really bad overall . 
  i do n't think you did a good job editing it . 
  i do n't understand all these comparision posts . 
  if you want raw to look good , you have to post process it using a proper program like lightroom or photoshop or whatever . 
  if you do n't plan on doing that , raw just is n't for you and you really should n't be comparing it to other modes , because else it just seems that raw takes terrible quality pictures . 
  so what was ? 
  you 're comparing an unfinished product . 
  ~ ~ also , to end all the debates , which one is raw and which one is jpeg ? ~ ~ debates have been ended , left is raw , so `` recreating shadows in raw '' is n't really an argument anymore . 
  edit : raw , not hdr , my bad . 
  yes , sorry , i meant raw , my bad . 
  someone claimed that raw was good for recreating shadows when they thought that left was jpeg . 
  are there any nuts with better calories/carbs ratio than peanuts ? 
  i usually eat 200g of peanuts everyday to get more calories . 
  i can bet you there are faggots that will . 
  well then i think she 's older than many of the people here . 
  seizures of jealousness . 
  shit all i got was 1k for 3 months of summer . 
  fuck living in eastern europe . 
  yea because i just made it . 
  exactly . 
  i have hair shorter than in op and no amount of fiber keeps it up for longer than 20 minutes . 
  i tried entering ******* but it did n't work . 
  jordans in your fit look clean af, 
  yup , it was mohammadag . 
  he 's pretty well known all over the place as a good dev and trusted source . 
  looks really similar to this rep, 
  it 's here already , you can come back now . 
  do you even have eyes those look different af . 
  when i grow up i want to be jaden smith . 
  thats like a fucking nitro boost, 
  kinda ruins the point though . 
  well , he seems like the kind of guy to care only about numbers . 
  but my konsol ram is ddr5 which is obviously better than pc bcz 5  4  3 / s, 
  have we ever stopped ? 
  better dead than orangered !, 
  `` it 's who i am ! '', 
  damn the af1 look much better in this pic than in op . 
  there are n't any flax reps at all , i think . 
  what 's the sweater in [ this pic ? 
  / u/trollabot pushkatron, 
  not only updates , just features as well . 
  yeah seriously , white sneaker inspos are posted here every other day . 
  just a couple of minutes should do it . 
  also , make sure you insert the charging cable properly , both into the phone and into the power adapter . 
  i have the same problem sadly . 
  twrp 2.8.5.1 is n't the newest tho , you can get 2.8.6.0 . img from twrp website , but updating twrp did n't help me . 
  [ here 's my quick try . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tpevpov.jpg ) if there 's anything i can do to make it better , let me know . 
  it 's pretty hard to stuff a lot of things into a 1600x160 banner . 
  replace + with w, 
  great job !, 
  there 's a little bug though , in the script openvpnsetup.sh in lines 40 , 47 and 54 you assume that the user is pi , so if you run this script on a different user it does n't work . 
  use $ home instead . 
  edit : in makeovpn.sh as well . 
  edit2 : whoops , i forgot that it runs on root , so $ home does n't really work . 
  either way , you can just change / home/pi / to / home/whateveryouruseris / in openvpnsetup.sh and makeovpn.sh, 
  half of the things mentioned here barely affect battery life . 
   prevent accidental wake up, 
  really ? 
  all it does is check the proximity sensor everytime you use a gesture on your screen . 
  i do n't know much more than you , so i ca n't help you here much  although you could first ask the user whether they are using default pi user or not and then ask them for the username . 
  also , $ home is a variable used by linux , so you might want to use someting else . 
  how do you get into thegeeks ? 
  is it possible to just register or do you need an invite ? 
  that is the way math works tho . 
  damn those clutch offloads . 
  internet is dirt cheap in all of eastern europe . 
  also it 's fastest there as well . 
  living in eastern europe has it 's benefits . 
  time for further ascension . 
  thats actually some really mad layering . 
  i really doubt it 's the water that 's causing the software problems . 
  maybe you instead modified your rom in some way , because if so it might refuse to flash otas . 
  as for the hardware , it either works or not , ca n't really do much here , except maybe try get it repaired by a professional . 
  and the interview is n't all that hard , really . 
  you can learn everything at the interview prep site . 
  you have to flex first, 
  it just takes some time to prepare , do n't expect to pass it without having to learn the technical info . 
  the thrift store . 
  i was pretty happy myself when i saw the story . 
  anyway , why did it shut down ? 
  first of all , your bf is around 30 , but it 's really past the point where it matters . 
  secondly , you should n't be taking more than 5g of creatine a day , you 're just wasting it . 
  i take creatine myself , 5 grams everyday , no matter what .
