  there were a bunch of other colorways and models , but these two i liked the most . 
  black ones are tubular runners s wv , lighter ones are labeled as just tubular runners . 
  had the exact same problem pop up after a while with my opo and disabling always on google now fixed everything . 
  love the outfit . 
  mind sharing what camera setup you used ? 
  wait does the caps lock key stay pressed in ? 
  or is it simply worn out ? 
  she 'll go for a straight shot but the game will decide to make it curved instead . 
  this is all you need to be honest , but i 'm gon na elaborate . 
  as you 've mentioned you 're interested in cli , there 's nothing more powerful than the holy three : g + + , vim and gdb . 
  g + + is the underlying compiler for the great majority of ide , including codeblocks as well . 
  same goes for gdb , although it 's a debugger . 
  now vim ( or sometimes called vi , although you wo n't notice the difference between the two until you dwelve deeper in ) deservers a paragraph on it 's own . 
  you could say that it 's merely a text editor , something like notepad on windows , but does notepad have a dedicated subreddit ( / r/vim ) or a website dedicated to notepad themed keycaps ( https://vimcaps.com/ ) ? 
  yeah , i do n't think so . 
  the reason for those things is vim 's incredible popularity amongst programmers . 
  it has a very long history and to keep things short , read this https://www.norfolkwinters.com/vim-creep/ and type ` vimtutor ' into the terminal , and godspeed . 
  these ads are from webpages , not from sync itself . 
  correct . 
  you go butt ass naked . 
  we did ride it though , it was n't too bad , except for the bottom two boards wheel biting each other . 
  cool !, 
  i can send you the raw later today if you 'd like . 
  the board looks beautiful , sorta has that old model m vibe . 
  nice pickup !, 
  recruitment \u2260 registration . 
  recruitment usually means there are official invite threads on popular trackers forums , where you have to meet certain criteria to get yourself an invite . 
  registration is simply anyone being able to register , invites are other people inviting their friends to join the tracker . 
  the one with the outlines looks absolutely sick , i 'm totally stealing that style for some shot in the future !, 
  in a recent interview , linkomanija has claimed to be over 14 years old already . 
  however , in a recent global message they claimed to be over 13 years old . 
  no idea which is the more correct one . 
  jesus christ , read the complaint linked at the bottom of the investigation . 
  skimmed through it and the fbi gained publicly unavailable information from ridiculous amount of sources , such as google , twitter , comcast , microsoft , cloudfare , some random dutch isp and many more , including two anonymous sources, 
  here 's a random bit :, 
   according to records from microsoft , collected through subpoena and a, 
  search warrant , the lil_jon@hotmail.nl email account was logged into over 400 times, 
  from the ` 163 ip address between november 2014 and november 2015 . 
  these records, 
  also reflect an email message sent on or about august 2 , 2015 , from lil_jon@hotmail.nl, 
  to lil_jon@hotmail.nl, which contained the photo of a netherlands passport for, 
  the same email also contained a photo of a bank, 
  statement from rabobank for a bank account ending in account number 4264 with, 
  what appears to be an abbreviation of the leiden address listed for the account, 
  address . 
  the whole investigation is incredibly sophisticated , you ca n't say the hacker guys fucked up - they used some really good infosec , vpn , tor and such , but these little flaws that the fbi are able to find is just a stunning display of competence . 
  you 're asking who 's rich enough to give gold while we have a motherfucker with 2 supreme bricks right there . 
  as if they actually needed any advertising at all . 
  parts of the album feel very reminiscent of giant claw 's dark web , love it nevertheless . 
  what 's up with mam ? 
  the site returns a 301 . 
  e : seems fine now . 
  as for 2. , thr guy is probably lithuanian , as right next to him is vytautas magnus , the leader of the lithuanian army . 
  maybe we should actually forget about optical drives . 
  cumbersome and obsolete . 
  just like every other bot , or map , or really anything discussed here . 
  also ground is necessary for data to work in some cases . 
  i 'm pretty sure he meant the reddit sync suggestion thing , not the keyboard one . 
  try typing ` funn ' in the subreddit search and the app will suggest ` funny ' . 
  it has a pretty limited dictionary though , something like a hundred most popular sfw subs . 
  or in life as a whole . 
  i 'm sure the `` no photoshop '' part means that nothing in the photo was created in photoshop , the flames , person , everything is real and straight out of the camera . 
  color grading would be exempt from being considered photoshop as well . 
  mozilla has done several controversial actions concerning social justice . 
  see : replacing master/slave in all of their code for a rather ridiculous sum of money . 
   website dedicated to stealing tricks, 
  great start to the article . 
  the modern image around torrent trackers is that they 're there for the sole purpose of stealing . 
  it saddens me that this terribly incorrect notion persists , just look at the article :, 
   `` james and i had been able to convince the owner of one site ... that sharing dvds illegally was not the best way to progress the art of magic ( a visit to his home by the fbi helped -- especially as he was a college kid still living with his parents ) and [ he ] deleted that section of his site and continues to operate as a magic community forum for younger magicians , '' ellis said in a message . 
  great job , mr. magician , you just had fbi bust a college kid . 
  he was probably making fortunes by sharing information with his peers , now was n't he ? 
  how is a college kid supposed to afford all of those dvds by himself ? 
  how many of the current generation graphics designers started off with a pirated copy of photoshop ? 
  same goes for aom . 
  there are 600 people on the site . 
  do you firmly believe that their goal is to harm your business ? 
  if so , would n't it be much more efficient to make all the information accessible publicly ? 
  anonymous tend to base their actions on some sort of moral ground , say child pornography or free spread of information . 
  aom does n't go against any of them , as far as i can understand . 
  more so , the infosec is much better than your average website, 
  we had a rather hard time shooting , so i guess we will re-do the photoshoot sometime soon !, 
  right , i agree on the ado * p * e part . 
   sharing dvds illegally was not the best way to progress the art of magic, 
  the thing is , he 's talking about `` progressing the art of magic '' , but the only thing he is really doing is killing off the future potential magicians . 
  he 's not giving them an alternative , he 's straight up mad about his profits , but he 's masking his intentions by saying it 's all about the `` progress '' . 
  the fact that it 's illegal is exactly that , a fact , and nobody is arguing that . 
  however , we ca n't dismiss the discussion whether piracy is morally ok or not merely because of its legal status , remember , the holocaust , segregation , slavery were all legal . 
  it 's wrong to base our morals on the law . 
  and i 'd like to put this out here , i 'm not comparing any of the before mentioned with piracy . 
  same for the real reason . 
  i had enough shame coloring the sky purple in kindergarten , now resorting to bw or help from others . 
  it 's nexus not nexii . 
  oh god boop his snoot for me please . 
  this really is n't drm , especially by the definition . 
  drm locks you out of your digital rights , while in this case you 're locked out of your physical rights . 
  it 's rather similar to free hardware , which even rms calls pretty much impossible ( you ca n't replicate hardware in the same way as software ), 
  probably because it 's * swastika * with a * k * . 
  how do they know that you 're coming home ? 
  if it 's something like a doorbell or keys dangling you could make them used to that certain sound so they no longer associate it with you coming back .
