  i 've got the mahogany one too , looks and feels amazing !, 
  definitely recommend it . 
  `` guys , we cant give our opinions , critique or recommendations . 
  dare you give any feedback !!! 11 !! '', 
  seriously , do you think anyone who is n't competent to make a boot animation does n't deserve having his opinion heard ? 
  black + white looks very sharp !, 
  ca n't go wrong with it . 
  i love the way they 're sorted . 
  is it actually easier to search for apps this way ? 
  it has these tiny line cut ins . 
  [ here 's what i mean ] ( http://mobilesyrup.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/n7_mahogany_2.jpg ) . 
  you can easily see them in good light . 
  same here . 
  i 've had my logitech speakers for as long as i can remember . 
  i want to buy new ones , but the old ones just ai n't dying :(, 
  easy solution , stop browsing 9gag . 
  i do n't think you can just claim that throwing away video games wo n't help him . 
  i sometimes used to skip gym because i wanted to play instead or i 'd play till late at night . 
  for me personally dropping video games helped a bunch , i have n't skipped gym since and i 've had a lot more time for school and friends . 
  op , try to imagine what 's the perfect future you . 
  if you can fit in games in there , it 's cool , if not , it 's time for a change . 
  i can relate so hard . 
  i now want shit ton of new clothes , 1000 $ + headphones , new keyboard , gym at home and a new longboard just to name a few . 
  i only know some of them :, 
  xposed - allows for a lot of system modifications . 
  hard to explain , just download it and try it out . 
  greenify - allows you to hibernate apps , preventing them from waking your phone up and eating battery . 
  textdroider - just for changing dpi . 
  google what 's dpi if you do n't know . 
  pushbullet - amazing app i ca n't live without . 
  allows you to send notes , links and pictures between your devices , including your pc . 
  also has a lot of cool features , such as replying to text messages from your pc , notification mirroring and sharing clipboard between devices . 
  it gets way worse than that . . 
  i do n't think it ** a ** ffected his opinion on the story or the acting , more so he did n't like the fact that cameron went so far to make sure the movie is as precise as possible and managed to screw up such a simple thing as the sky . 
  left the tab open for a while , did not [ disappoint ] ( http://imgur.com/csx7oos ) . 
  either way i was shirtless myself , although my camera was turned away . 
  this man is asking the real question . 
  although it was asked in every single other bill 's amas , but still . 
   but i do n't typically ~ ~ reddit ~ ~ outside so that is n't a huge problem . 
  ftfy, 
  i would n't suggest buying in bigger electronics shops . 
  things tend to be overpriced there and the staff sometimes has no idea what they 're talking about . 
  instead , look at online shops , some that come to my mind are varle.lt , kilobaitas.lt , fortakas.lt , pigu.lt in no particular order . 
  check those websites and see whether you can find something for yourself . 
  is it safe to supplement creatine for a 16 year old ? 
  does anyone have a s/s black and white / monochrome inspiration album ? 
  that 's the subreddit doing it . 
  try disabling subreddits css . 
  i can see my coach killing me if i 'd even try such a thing in a match . 
  nice !, 
  does it work as nicely with colorful images aswell ? 
  the image in op is mostly grayscale , that 's why the r+g+b sort works so well . 
  also , how do you detect edges ? 
  could n't find the piece of code responsible for that . 
  not safe for master race . 
  although not very nice ones , but still insane . 
  @folklore that 's / u/sulucniv, 
  damn even the clock , nice attention to details . 
  deluge is a pc client . 
  ftfy, 
  do n't size it up then . 
  make sure everybody knows about your sick gainz . 
  likely the top , or atleast top5 most popular post on / r/android of all time as well . 
  no , not exactly , armv8 is a thing . 
  it 's cpu architecture . 
  google `` cpu architecture on phone ` x ' '' to find out what architecture your phone has , but beware that certain phones have several versions which may have different cpus . 
  this was definitly worth the wait . 
  i was scared that some old modules would never be ported to lollipop . 
  aight , time to upgrade to a custom rom now . 
  yup , it 's all cool . 
  only few newest models have armv8 processor . 
  bench , incline bench , bench again ? 
  there 's some streewear in there definitely, 
  ~ ~ no it 's not , it does n't matter whether we submerge a bar of gold , tungsten or anything else , the amount of water pushed out will be equal to the volume of the bar . 
  density of the material of the bar has nothing to do here . ~ ~, 
  edit : aight , i 'm wrong here , it does matter . 
  k bruh . 
  you so dank bro . 
  opinions are n't downvoted as much as in other subs , so atleast we got that going for us . 
  ayy fam , u sure it 's not 100 days till the end of school instead ? 
  we 're having that on friday at our school . 
  is there any decent shop thats eu based or ships o eu cheaply ? 
  lithuania , eastern europe :( i 've pretty much looked through everything local here , so i 'm trying to find anything eu based for reasonable shipping prices . 
  go for the first one , make a dimm press . 
  / r/longboardbuilding is your friend here , they have lots of guides on the sidebar . 
  good luck !, 
  learn the difference between o5q and cm12s, 
  i read the title as `` let 's talk chest days '' and i can honestly say i was frightened when i read the first answer `` i do n't have a chest day '' . 
  automated teller machine machines peronal identification number number . 
  anybody has a spotify or smth playlist of this ? 
  is n't it useless to have fiberglass on the top ? 
  fiberglass just decreases tension and there 's almost none at the top . 
  i 'm pretty sure that was a joke . 
  can you also post the thread/comment he 's talking about ? 
  mobile here , link does n't work on reddit sync . 
  you linked the wrong website ; in the op it 's shipyourenemiesglitter.com , not sendyourenemiesglitter.com, 
  either way , yours is cheaper by 5 $ , but i 'd be careful about getting scammed . 
  edit : hitler , glittler , whatevs . 
  all it takes is to go to imgur.com and drag the pic right into the window . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's easy and fast af,
