  i think those are the reason it became an exotic sight nowadays . 
  i do n't have it on me right now , but i can check later to see whether the lithuanian letters are engraved on the keycap or they 're simply a sticker . 
  i took one of the rubber domes from the pile and bashed them with it . 
   mediatek, 
  aaaand it 's doa . 
  the opo was appealing to the nerds with easy root and huge dev support and you throw that out the window with a mediatek chip . 
  i think this can be caused due to the recent imgur javascript injection . 
  those look really good !, 
  do you know what model those are ? 
  meh , if that 's true it will simply be a tad bit stiffer and that 's it . 
  i really hope it 's fully carbon fiber , might pick it up then . 
  do n't support github either . 
  they 're pushing their politics into other programmers ' codes . 
  use gitlab or anything else than sf and github . 
  forcing people to rename their project `` webm for retards '' is basic human decency ? 
  just googling webm for retards brings up a ton of links , some of them are [ news about the controversy . 
  ] ( https://m.reddit.com/r/kotakuinaction/comments/3eizt4/socjus_github_bans_a_popular_webm_conversion/ ), 
  please explain to me , how naming something '' * for retards '' goes against basic human decency ? 
  same would go with '' * for dummies '' , would n't it ? 
  let 's get rid of the `` computer for dummies '' book as well ? 
   social justice ? 
  the horror !, 
  this one i really do n't understand ? 
  where does justice come from by renaming someones project ? 
  whose discriminated here ? 
  it was later renamed to webm for gits and later migrated to another host if i 'm not mistaken . 
  and how dummy is n't ? 
  okay i will , but you 'll have to as well . 
  calling somebody a retard , as in while talking with or about him , is obviously offensive and very low . 
  however naming your program '' * for retards '' is as derogatory as naming your book `` computer for dummies '' . 
  now , answer , what 's the difference between naming your book '' computer for dummies '' and naming your program `` webm for retards '' ? 
  merely the severity of the word ? 
  nice seeing you delete your other answer where you got proven wrong . 
  way to take it man . 
  what exactly says they ca n't be edgy also ? 
  why must they obey some regulations which were n't ever declared ? 
  i still stand by my word that retard is only slightly more offensive than dummy . 
  nobody gets diagnosed `` a retard '' anymore , as a medical term it 's obsolete , just like `` idiot '' , which you actually used synonymously with dummy in your deleted reply . 
  so following your logic , `` computer for dummies '' is the same as `` computer for idiots ( aka mentally ill people ) '' and is absolutely ok , while `` webm for retards ( aka mentally ill people ) '' is absolutely not ok and goes against human decency ? 
  retard , just like idiot and dummy , are offensive terms , but it 's stupid to take offense from them in such context . 
  their roots do n't mean anything nowadays . 
  i personally like the length of the jacket . 
  ca n't really see your shoulders or waist properly to make out whether it 's too big . 
  one of my minis ? 
  how many do you have ? 
  this is called binary search and it 's efficiency is o ( log n ) , while the one in ops post is o ( n ) . 
  you should rewrite your code using it op . 
  hows hba dying ? 
  they 're doing as good as ever . 
  hahahaha . 
  wow , i absolutely love these kinds of proofs . 
  so simple to both explain and understand yet something i 'd never come up myself . 
  it 's only been a few month since i bought my first mechanical keyboard , the pok3r , but i 've got used to it very much . 
  recently my friend and i raided ( with permission , of course ) our schools warehouse and found 2 ibm model m and 2 ibm model m2 . 
  we both took one of each and since then i have fully cleaned my m and it 's been working flawlessly , but i have n't got around to fixing the m2 . 
  now i 'm thinking of dyeing the blanks of my pok3r , just have n't figured out what color scheme yet . 
  any ideas ? 
  also , does anybody know what 's up with [ my model m logo ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3ziam7v.jpg ) it 's not the ibm one you see on the most keyboards , but the back sticker says it was manufactured by lexmark , so i 'm kinda lost . 
  i am aware that ibm stopped manufacturing model m 's and lexmark took the wheel , but after searching for a while it seems that lexmark model m 's still had the ibm logo . 
  i 'm not sure , do n't have it on me right now . 
  i 'll check it out when i get home . 
  time to stop shitposting and start fitposting, 
  [ h&m / elongated tee idr where from/h & m bikers/af1 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vkondic.jpg ), 
  fuck , that 's really good . 
  the whole aesthetic feels very well thought out . 
  damn that 's pretty nice !, 
  but it kinda stands out too much , giving it an unnatural feeling . 
  try maybe darkening it a bit or adding a tad bit of motion blur to make it blend in better . 
  looks much better, 
  pretty nice , except the stacks look odd . 
  try spreading them out more over your leg rather than have them all at the bottom . 
  i think i bought it at uo . 
  sorry man , i have no idea . 
  i just bought it at a local h&m . 
  actually it 's from all the way back in 198 * . 
  haha, 
  download everything you want . 
  there is a handy `` collector '' tool on the right side of every artists page , you can use it to snatch every release from that artist in any format you want . 
  if you want to build some ratio , download some of the more popular collages . 
  few that come to mind are pitchfork : best new music and / mu / essentials . 
  always regulate volume on the last link in the chain and make sure all the others are set to exactly 100 % , having less or more than that will result in quality loss . 
  66gb on my home connection . 
  got in super early and started my preloaded torrents before the announcement even . 
  i usually do n't like waxed materials , but this one is pretty good !, 
  shhh !, 
  we 're not supposed to talk about him here !, 
  whenever broscience released a new video , it was instantly posted here on fittit , but mods claimed that every thread was a huge shitstorm , broke some rules and was tedious to moderate , so they banned posting broscience videos . 
  if you can unlock it it may be possible to use an nfc tag . 
  is there a way to get in ipt without donating ? 
  im pu + on many pts but it does n't seem that ipt recruits and i do n't know anyone who 'd have invites . 
  why is it always that the guys that shitting on expensive brands , especially supreme and bape , never have posted a single fit pic ? 
  you know how it goes , talk shit post fit . 
  loving it . 
  how much was it ? 
  ohhh , got ta love those mkbhd wannabes . 
  screen protectors do n't help saving the screen at all . 
  cases maybe , screen protectors definitely not . 
  tempered glass does n't give any extra protection . 
  it 's more fragile than the gorilla glass on the phone , so it 's normal that the tempered glass protector breaks and the main screen is left without a scratch .
