  that 's what i read everywhere on / r/ketogains and / r/fitness . 
  so total carbs arent strictly equal to sugars + fibers ? 
  let 's say a product has 50g carbs in it and 0g of those are sugars , that does n't mean i can eat it , right ? 
  select it with photoshop , right click , fill , content aware . 
  unless your water mark is ridiculously big , photoshop will probably take care of it . 
  is bitspyder down only for me ? 
  does n't load at all . 
  whoooosh . 
  decreasing deluges cache stopped it from crashing for me , now i 'm running 300 + torrents on it . 
  doubt it , definitely not on a raspberry pi . 
  mine started lagging at around 500 . 
  maybe rpi2 could handle more . 
  i can give you 100 % that the gold does n't mean shit when talking about sensitivity . 
  is it possible to root it and unlock it somehow ? 
  aaaaaand it 's mediatek . 
  that 's exactly what i meant . 
  i talked my friend out of buying any mediatek phone over an opo just because of lacking developer support . 
  i sorta disagree . 
  it may not affect them directly , but in the end the phone will have less developers , will be less popular , smaller community , less support from app devs . 
  chinese phones would skyrocket if mediatek got their shit together . 
  i do n't think it 's necessary to reboot your modem , echo off leaves no possible traces . 
  and to op , yes , it does work . 
  1 terabyte is 1 000\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 bytes . 
  if we use ascii characters , that 's 1 byte per character . 
  if every password was 100 characters long , we 'd have more than one password per every person on earth . 
  i really fucking doubt your title , op . 
  every single swollower of brodin should take five grams a day , no more , no less . 
  as i was in doubt about the amount of creatine to take , i looked around in / r/fitness and / r/bodybuilding . 
  every brother said that 5g a day is the best , no matter whether you have just discovered the ways of brodin as a teen or you 've been hitting that iron for years already . 
  anyway , creatine is cheap and ca n't have any side effects if you overdose it . 
  nobody has 1 tb of passwords , literally nobody , not even google or facebook , those numbers are stupidly high . 
  also , if you 'd actually read the article , it clearly saya that 1tb of data ( nothing specific ) was hacked by using leaked passwords , or in other words somebody hacked or leaked passwords to 1 tb of data , not the other way around . 
  there are n't any single letter tlds , are there ? 
  muh internet points !!! 1 !, 
  ! 1 ! 1 you do n't understand my maymays !, 
  is n't the definition of np actually non-deterministic polynomial , not non-polynomial ? 
  at least that 's the way i 've been tought and the way wiki has it . 
  same here , i took it a month or so ago , make sure you know everything about different formats , transcoding and other stuff thats written in the interview prep site , thats all you need . 
  i think they were too low and the ball was too far to reach it . 
  both teams hoped they could push the opposition and then take the ball , but neither succeeded . 
  you for real ? 
  they gain literally nothing from you when you use it , except information about how to make it better , which in the end makes the experience better for you . 
  linux is an example of a real free and open source project . 
  a gopro 3 shoots 1080p30fps and it is n't even that old , it 's just that the tech progresses really fast . 
  at the time of purchase , a gopro 3 black with all the fancy equipment would 've cost around $ 1k . 
  first time i 'm seeing this , what 's the reason behing banning spot sharing ? 
  there is no real reason to have any lemon in it , it would n't really add anything to it . 
  so meta . 
  reminds me of the time we organized a rugby tournament at our school . 
  rugby is n't popular around here , so nobody knew how to play . 
  it kinda looked liked this , except with more dropped balls and less tries . 
  i 'd wait a little if i were you , oneplus is rumoured to be releasing the two sometime soon , it may have much better specs for a similar price . 
  first of all , yes , you should do weights . 
  your bmi is very low at 19.5 , so i 'm guessing your bf % is also pretty small . 
  unless you 're trying to train for endurance , i 'd suggest cutting down on cardio and instead start doing strength workouts , programs like ss might be right for you . 
  look around at the faq on the right , they have everything about workout routines there . 
  you currently weight 55 kg , so you need around 140g of protein a day , maybe a little more if you want to bulk hard . 
  it 's relatively easy to get such amounts just by getting a balanced diet , even if you 're a vegetarian , so i 'd suggest not to get into protein suplements just yet . 
  if you really want to , you can try buying some cheap creatine monohydrate . 
  also , mentioning your goals or giving us some pics would really help . 
  why do n't all baths have it like this ? 
  i can only see benefits having it this way . 
  two months ago called , it wants it 's news back . 
  / r/longboardbuilding would appreciate this !, 
  holy shit , how much did this cost ? 
  you do n't need motivation . 
  it 's useless and very temporary . 
  instead you need discipline . 
  it will help you everywhere in life , not only lifting . 
  in the end you 'll start loving the gym , it will be more of a pleasant way of spending time rather than a chore . 
  any light ones will do . 
  this belongs to / r/oddlysatisfying instead, 
  i 'd place my money on the rpi . 
  20 fps @ ~ 100 kbs is arund 2 mb/s . 
  raspberry pi shares the ethernet chip with the usb ports , so the speeds of streaming something from usb over ethernet are very small . 
  you could probably test your transfer speeds with scp . 
  get a 1 gigabyte file and try to scp it between the raspberry and the laptop , the raspberry and another pc and the laptop and another pc . 
  you should see what 's bottlenecking . 
  there is banana pi with a sata port and gigabit ethernet . 
  the gpu is somewhere between a rpi b + and rpi 2 , so it can definitely take care of basic tasks . 
  also odroid c1 , it 's much more powerful than the rpi2 , but i 'm not sure whether it has gigabit ethernet and sata . 
  damn that 's one cinematic pokemon !, 
  if it does the same on other devices , i 'm pretty sure it 's not a bug but a hardware defect . 
  earbuds break easily and the volume regulators are very fragile . 
  if you 're desperate , you can try cutting the regulator out and see if it helps . 
  you 'll loose water weight and if you work out you 'll also destroy your muscle . 
  as soon as you stop starving you 'll gain all the weight back except the destroyed muscles . 
  cool setup !, 
  here 's the one [ i 'll be running this for summer . 
  and the summer before . 
  and several more summers . 
  it 's running some old pentium , a gts250 , 4gb ddr2 ram . 
  ca n't upgrade yet because money is really tight now , but hey , it can run dota 2 on lowest graphics at above cinematic fps . 
  edit : word, 
  if hopeless cases would be a thing , they 'd be unfair and abused . 
  750w is an overkill for a 400w system . 
  get 500w at most . 
  i 'd also question the decision of getting an optical drive . 
  when was the last time you used one ? 
  if you do actually use them from time to time , maybe you could use one from an old build ?
