  what happens when you want to buy carved elephant tusk from the black market ? 
  adidas yeezy 's , kanye west 's white t-shirt , levi 's , an expensive car , huge tv , a plane , etc ? 
  it is so much easier to afford for the person making more money albeit in a more expensive country . 
  the key difference is disposable income and not expenses as a percentage of income, 
  `` puola '' in lithuanian is a verb and it means '' ( he/she/it ) is attacking '' or `` attacks '' in some cases . 
  for example : `` teutonai puola pil\u012f '' - `` teutons are attacking the castle '' . 
  here 's some reality . 
  lithuania is poor and irrelevant perifery between east and west . 
  it either falls under west or russia 's influence . 
  being a neutral middleman who profits from both sides is impossible for a country like ours . 
  would you like to be current lithuania under eu or belarus under russia ? 
  there 's nothing inbetween for countries like that . 
  joining nato and eu was a security guarantee for the most part . 
  idk about you but i prefer the current state instead of following misha backwards . 
  in this version he just found out about eu funds being cut because of uk leaving . 
  nazi coup d etat to eat the brains of russian speaking babies, 
  huh ? 
  i have a feeling that poles think about lithuanians more than we do about poles . 
  it 's the same as saying lithuanian identity is about not being german . 
  you 're giving yourself too much credit . 
  maybe it was true in 19-20th century though , but now it 's all about being part of the baltic club rather than being opposite of something . 
  wow there , zhirinovsky, 
  member nazis raising from their graves and taking over ukraine ? 
   trump is putins boy in washington . 
  usa 's president has many powers , but he 's not an almighty , the american political establishment is ruling the country , an unruly president can be impeached by the congress if needed . 
  check what obama promised and what actually was done during his presidency , also compare it with the previous bush 's presidency . 
   the only real point of contention between the usa and russia has been the russian expansionist tendencies towards europe . 
  usa 's and nato 's role in the balkan conflict in the 90s , power play in the middle east ( atm it 's syria ) , europe . 
   if the us was to cave in and turn a blind eye to those expansionist tendencies , and phase out it 's involvement in nato in exchange for closer ties with russia a global power would cave in for almost an italy sized economy regional power ( who bosses around poor ex-communist states btw ) , which also happens to be historically the enemy ? 
   it would reduce the us military expenditure currently allocated to the protection of countries which are , like it or not , competing economies , and are way past due to start `` carrying their own weight '' in regards to the nato budget . 
  europe , after all , is comprised of countries where live like kings . 
  us will always have an interest in europe . 
  it 's a huge market and regional instability there would mean bad business and hurt usa 's economy . 
  usa 's military -- industrial complex holds an immense amount of influence on usa 's public and foreign policy . 
  cutting us military expenditure leads to immediate loss of jobs to the federal employees that are currently in service to the federal government as well as the private employees that work along side them and military personnel . 
  usa 's military in europe is there to keep it 's influence , it 's not a charity . 
   it would legitimize trump , `` the peacemaker '' only trump would care about that . 
  for usa 's influential military -- industrial complex it 's not an interest . 
   it would legitimize putin that 's not an interest of usa . 
   it could allow the us economy to tap into the vast wealth of russian natural resources , via trade agreements . 
  if that was important usa could have done that back in the 90s . 
  russia is n't the only country with natural resources . 
  apparently saudi arabia is more important trade partner and russia has shown that it 's not a reliable trade partner anyway . 
  calling it : there will be a massive dick waving between trump and putin and tensions will escalate like never before . 
  `` fresh start '' or `` restart '' in u.s.-russia relations happened before and such talks will happen many times in the future . 
  holy brusselian empire ? 
  who will give the speech `` mr. trump , open this gate . 
  mr. trump , tear down this wall ! '', 
  this time ? 
  a standard procedure, 
  i would n't worry too much . 
  russia and putin himself always reminds everyone who it and he really is if somebody forgets and starts to have some delusional thoughts . 
  diverse and interesting ? 
  better inject polonium just in case, 
  rain for the rainland . 
   baltantis who would name a city as `` white-duck '' ? 
   until very recently estonia spent as much on defense as latvia and lithuania combined . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ew6jcz9.png ) source : [ defence expenditures of nato countries ( 2009-2016 ) ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_2016_07/20160704_160704-pr2016-116.pdf ), 
  it would be , but baltic states are n't united as one would think , the countries compete among themselves a lot . 
  it would take at least a decade to agree on where the headquarters should be and the format . 
   nato should be dismantled and a new , more framework which includes russia should be made . 
  russia is not the ussr anymore . 
  thanks for the laugh, 
  `` estonians are slow '' did come from ussr and lithuanians do joke about estonians . 
  but most jokes about stereotypes are `` multi-national '' , they usually involve an estonian , an american , a russian and a jew . 
  estonian character being the punchline . 
  petty . 
  we call finland `` suomija '', 
  56 seats out of 141 . 
  it 's the largest single party mandate number gained since 1996 . 
  the runner-up party won 31 seat , but it 's not realistic for them to form a ruling coalition with other parties except with the party that won the elections . 
  people are tired of the same two party nomenclature . 
  every four years social democrats would lose to christian conservatives and the after the next election christian conservatives would lose to social democrats , such swings was the norm until now . 
  conservative party could n't have won the majority of mandates this time because of cutting pensions in the past and making pensioners live in poverty , they also have a weak leader now , who basically `` inherited '' the party control . 
  peasant greens essentially got the protest votes since they did n't promise a ~ 1 billion euros average wage ( / s ) like the other established parties , the party promised to revise the new controversial labor codex reform , try to tackle the alcoholism and unemployment problem in the countryside , implement progressive taxes , to deal with poverty and regional exclusion and etc. 
  there were also populist talks like `` we wo n't let lithuanian people be mocked anymore '' . 
  peasant greens also won the tv political debates . 
  if not for the scandal of the liberal party leader taking a bribe , the liberal party would have won this election . 
  voters did a gamble and now we need to see if it pays off or we 'll burn . 
  effective public relations . 
  i envy them . 
  it 's pretty dead, 
  there actually were latvian vikings - [ curonians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/curonians ) . 
  raiding norsemen settlements and sometimes joining alliances with them . 
  no offense , but viking is just a fancy name for a `` pirate '' and pirating was n't limited to scandinavia . 
  [ documentary ] ( https://youtu.be/eqotph9gesq ) about curonians . 
  it might be a cultural thing if being a semi - [ banana republic ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/banana_republic ) is seen as the most optimal way . 
  i mean if they 're happy with the way things work over there then why should n't we be happy for them as long as they stay behind their walls ? 
   canada has as high and higher standards as any other western country so it 's barely edible food then . 
  you might want to do some research before opening your mouth about food quality . 
  you would enjoy the taste of real cheese and other milk products from ee . 
   the judges approved a request by one of the plaintiffs in the case to call gorbachev to the court as a witness . 
  hey , neither do you, 
  weird airspace block names . 
  two central `` europes '' : europe central and central europe ; denmark and sweden is `` denmark-sweden '' , uk and ireland is `` uk-ireland '' , but poland and lithuania is `` baltic '' . 
  it is unfortunate that such media outlets are influential, 
  neither `` daily mail '' or `` the sun '' are credible media outlets . 
  it also reports fake stories . 
  because modern lithuania is an ethnic baltic state , no former gdl lands . 
  lithuania is bigger than denmark , but nobody calls it small ?
