  hey , welcome to the club, 
  so 51 % % put their trust into self-defense units composed of green-men ? 
  you 're a baltic state because we and latvians are willing to hang out with you , unlike nordics . 
  so you can choose true friends or social status friends . 
  either way we will always be here . 
   the coup d'etat attempt co-incided with the polish-lithuanian war which was started because lithuanian government did n't want to let go of vilnius and insisted on independence from any federation proposed by poles . 
  while there are some legitimate concerns of socio-economic nature the main reason was simply an attempt at a greater power-grab by lithuanian political elites who ( correctly ) feared that under poland they would not have as much power . 
  absolute nonsense . 
  lithuania 's political elite were a group of intelectuals motivated by the wish to establish an independent lithuanian state like every post ww1 country in europe . 
   it is a vehement lie that poland chose a war with lithuania . 
  it 's the reality of that era where every bigger country had imperial ambitions . 
   edinburgh and dublin were a scottish and irish city respectively which had sizeable minority of englishmen . 
  vilnius was a polish-jewish city with sizeable minority of russians and belarussians and barely any lithuanians . 
  what you want to say is that lithuanian claim to vilnius was like irish claim to london . 
  edinburg and dublin are full of english speakers much like vilnius was . 
  lithuanians would have ended up like irish and scotish except speaking polish instead if not for the revival of lithuanian language . 
   but unlike other countries , lithuania brought most of them on themselves because quite honestly they were the bigger assholes of the two . 
  quite an achievement for such a insignificant political entity amazing , `` polish chauvinism 101 and how poland is always the victim and in the right '' in one sentence . 
  lithuanians wanted an independent country and their historical capital city , therefore they were much bigger assholes than my country , who did n't want either of those things , it wanted lithuania to be region of poland , organised a coup against lithuanian government , staged a mutinity and annexed piece of land that had little historical significance to it . 
  yeah , fuck that lithuania . 
  you forgot to throw in some insults at the end for good measure to make yourself look smarter . 
  tell me this , polish nationalist , when was vilnius part of poland prior 1922 ? 
  vilnius has been part of lithuania during periods of grand duchy of lithuania , polish-lithuanian commonwealth , russian empire and german occupation ww1 . 
  1922 - 1939 vilnius de facto and de jure part of poland . 
  it 's not a myth , it 's a historical fact . 
   i guess you honour volunteers to the ss as heroes too i 'm up for the same stuff you 're smoking, 
  i 'm amazed how self unaware you are  surrounding lands were populated by poles for the majority of 18th and 19th centuries . 
  populated by polish speakers . 
  the whole polish-lithuanian identity , modern understanding of ethnicities ca n't apply to old times and all that jazz . 
   lithuanian nationalists tried to claim `` their '' city as the capital and generally had completely preposterous outlandish territorial claims that were borne out of their megalomania lithuania had as much claim to vilnius as scotland to edinburgh or ireland to dublin . 
   the territory by that time was fairly clearly ethnically polish but that was n't bothering the megalomaniacs . 
  once again applying modern concepts . 
  you forgot about a significant jewish population . 
   technically lithuanians never had a solid claim on vilinius that 's a lie . 
  lithuania 's claim was solid enough for league of nations . 
   thus a tiny country chose a war with its larger neighbour , stabbed it in the back and collaborated with bolsheviks all in the name of a city which was n't theirs except for some medieval fantasies . 
  if we 're on the topic of backstabbing https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1919_polish_coup_d%27\u00e9tat_attempt_in_lithuania https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_central_lithuania thus a big country chose a war with a brother state , stabbed it in the back , wanted to deny it 's right to self-determination , all in the name of a city which was n't theirs just to punish a former ally . 
   the only thing more pathetic and ridiculous than polish nationalism driven by exaggerated egos of the people who refused to admit that interwar poland was n't a saint and not a victim until nazi invasion , is ukrainian nationalism which is based on the ideology of genocidal fascists . 
  belarus stayed a soviet republic ( but with state capitalism ), 
  since europe is a default sub , it attracts all kinds of loonies . 
  i 'm thinking about buying a hazmat and a pair of shades to protect me against the cringe exposure . 
  enlighten me , we did n't have nazi racial theories as a subject in history classes back in school . 
  fake smiles is n't a thing over here, 
   own city of vilnius - since it 's establishment ( first mentioned in written sources in 1323 ) till ~ 1919 and from 1939 to this day  lose ~ 1920-1939, 
  but for the most part because of association with polish slavs specifically we we 're seen as less of ` aryan ' race ( or something like that ) than the other baltic countries . 
  nazis even saw different slavs differently like czechs , slovenes , slovaks and croats were seen more positively than polish , russian , belorussians for example . 
  their theories really did n't make much sense , it was just `` we like those guys , therefore their racially superior to those guys who we do n't like '' . 
  and lithuania refusing to take part in offense against poland ( rather staying neutral ) really grinded germany 's gears . 
  i do n't know from where this hate-boner for poles came from , probably nazis were really butthurt about the whole kicking teutonic order 's ass and staying independent thing in the past . 
  they should be your common ones , they 're extremely tacky and portrays conquest therefore suits expansionist russia well . 
  if you 're thinking that europe is butthurt over russia showing it 's real colors , then you 're wrong . 
  i 'll be more than happy when emperor putin 's coins will be released ( preferably in `` abidas '' tracksuit and squatting ) . 
  lithuania 's ( 2013 ) and latvia 's ( 2015 ) presidencies were fine . 
  now it will be estonia 's time not to burn the house down . 
  it 's too important strategically, 
  baltics are one of the few countries in europe who neither signed nor ratified the european charter for regional or minority languages, 
  what about them ? 
  there are no towns in lithuania that were historically not part of lithuania apart memel region and there are no germans left there . 
  there were no sign posts . 
  the whole thing was about removing polish signs from buildings . 
  they decided just to put lithuanian sign posts at the start and and at the end of the street and stop bothering people about [ bilingual signs on buildings like these ] ( http://s2.15cdn.lt/static/cache/odgwedu4mcwxotv4mtq0ldyxnjiwosxvcmlnaw5hbcwsmzyymjq0mzc0mq==/1313061090jkal9725.jpg ), 
  it would n't suprise me if the polish media did n't mention this since making someone an enemy generates more clicks for them , but bilingual sign situation was sorted five months ago . 
  municipal authorities have been authorized to erect posts with lithuanian language street names , central administration no longer requires to remove bilingual signs off buildings . 
  edit : polish letter spelling for names in documents is still work in progress . 
   do you support serbia 's membership in the eu ? 
  yes - 55 %  which model of society is more suitable for serbia : russian or eu ? 
  russian - 49 % eu - 34 % ___ well you ca n't have two incompatible things . 
  either join euroasian union and have russian model of society or join eu and accept `` all the gays , human rights , fight against corruption , tolerances , money from germoney , investing in eastern poland and other stuff '' . 
  vilnius municipality does that too , but in latvia 's case mayor of riga broke the language law by using an official account instead of his personal one to answer questions in a non-official language , so riga municipality got a fine . 
  baltics have great relationship with finland , sweden , germany , poland and belarus . 
  and especially between each other , so your point does n't make any sense to me . 
  the only country that baltics do n't have good relationship is the one that has historically possed a threat . 
  in lithuania 's case specifically , this goes as far back as the time when principality of moscow existed . 
  that 's not going to happen, 
  comments like that get downvoted or removed , no need for exaggeration . 
  that would be balkans , specifically former yugos , you guys pretend not to speak the same language as serbians . 
   if they want to speak russian then let them nobody in latvia prohibits them from speaking mother tongue . 
  but latvia is the nation state of latvians with the official language being latvian , it 's not belgium or switzerland . 
   and what does `` genuine minority '' even mean ? 
  not being artificially transfered to country as part of foreign policies towards elimination of local culture and homogenization of newly acquired territories . 
   what amount of time needs to elapse before russians are considered a genuine minority all the russians who lived in interwar latvia and their offsprings are genuine . 
  latvia post independence generously offers everyone a citizenship , russia as the successor of soviet union offered the opportunity to transfer their former soviet citizenship to russian citizenship . 
  there was some kind of a repatriation program for ethnic russians too . 
  you 're reading too much into sovereign states ' language laws and protocol of state officials . 
  russian language has n't been banned yet . 
  he can from his personal account, 
  grey wolves, 
  with people getting beheaded by religious people, 
   translating every foreign city like everyone does that . 
  or i 'm missing something ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we actually copy latvia more . 
  `` does x work in latvia ? 
  if yes - implement , if no - ha , braliukas is retarded '' . 
  euro and new police equipment comes to mind . 
  * gibing clay * getting it without minorities on them * and legally too, 
  if you 're white , christian and polish , then you do n't have to worry about anything, 
  you can ask/discuss stuff with them at / r/europemeta /, 
   anti-lithuanian , maybe a little one , but come on : we have no problem with lithuanian names in poland , as you have with polish in lithuania . 
  in poland the wife of ` marius talutis ' is ` maryt\u0117 talutien\u0117 ' or ` maryt\u0117 talutis ' ? 
  and the daugther is ` magdalena talutyt\u0117 ' or ` magdalena talutis ' ?
