  university of minnesota ] ( http://www.victimsheroessurvivors.info/victimsheroessurvivors.pdf ) , pdf page 60 :  similarly , because latvia had also been independent of both germany and russia during the inter-war period , the reestablishment of soviet power in 1940 on latvian , estonian , and lithuanian soil was extremely violent . 
  although the germans proceeded to commit atrocities in latvia against jews , gypsies , partisans , latvian civilians , and others , the germans did not view the latvians and the estonians with as much hatred as they did the slavic people in the east . 
  the germans had more in common with the latvians and estonians culturally , and they had a long history together , though this did not prevent the germans from establishing military brothels there , and it is not clear how much they raped in these countries . 
  in contrast , in the cherkassy region of ukraine where i conducted most of my interviews , people viewed themselves as one with the russians , and therefore as one with the soviets during the war . 
  although many told stories of cruelty by their `` own , '' they seemed to have more antagonistic feelings toward the germans . 
  when they spoke of the approaching red army and their liberation from the germans they spoke with genuine happiness , `` ours , ours came ! '' the political history matches what the women and men told me about which armies committed more rapes . 
  and on page 64 the author refers to some kind of ban on sexual relations with balts  ss-oberf\u00fchrer bender passed the information on to his associates that they could have sex with all croatians , including those who were `` racially inferior , '' even though that was difficult to differentiate . 
  only adding to the confusion , one document from himmler is an order to lift the ban against having sex with estonians and latvians in september 1943 , but to keep the ban against sex with lithuanians in place . 
  this was because the lithuanians were `` a people which behaved badly and had little racial worth . '' accordingly , it is clear that even those involved were not sure of the regulations , and that the regulations changed throughout the war judging from your sources rapes committed by germans in the baltics happened but were rare ? 
  if you ask an old person who was better : german or russian soldiers , they 'll say that german soldiers were well behaved , did n't steal or rape . 
  keep in mind that the nazi german occupation brought a relief from the soviet persecutions but it had its own target - the jews . 
  lithuania lost ~ 8 % of its pre-ww2 inhabitants due to nazi actions and ~ 32 % due to soviet actions ( until the year 1953 ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rejtan_ ( painting ), 
  you 're delusional if you think anyone is proud of being under any occupation . 
  it 's humiliating for the national consciousness . 
  while being buthurt about everything is the national sport of poland . 
  no jokes allowed !, 
  english lithuania is from latin lituania , which is a loanword from slavic \u041b\u0438\u0442\u044a\u0432\u0430 ( lit\u044ava ) which is a loanword from old lithuanian lietuva . 
  welcome aboard , finland . 
  it 's the non-russian nationalism is something putin does n't want , russian nationalism on the other hand is very desirable . 
  fight non-russian nationalists and separatists because they 're hysterical fascists , while russian nationalists and pro-kremlin shills are patriots . 
  take crimea and pretend that you respecting the self-determination of crimeans while immediately adopting laws against separatism in your own country . 
  do a land grab and get cheered by your nation . 
  so lithuania and estonia would n't even think of doing anything to latvia !, 
  baltics are trying to distance themselves from central europe ? 
  til, 
  so his father 's name is torbj\u00f6rn or bj\u00f6rn ? 
  sexual intercourses , i believe ? 
  it 's when like-minded people come together to form axis of friendship ? 
  `` valstietis '' ( peasant ) is the polite term for someone who is n't from the city , while `` kaimietis '' ( villager ) can be used as a slur . 
  it 's too late , ukraine is gay now ^ / s, 
  we are accepting them , but they keep leaving : (, 
  i did n't say they were hardcore socialist/marxists . 
  the kids there were children of the labor party members or party members themselves or at least aspiring to be party members . 
  the sick fuck wanted to kill future socialists/marxists and devastate parents who are party members by killing their children . 
  killing children was justified in his head . 
  he wanted a new age crusade in europe against muslims and killed socialists/marxists on that island , who he hated for supporting multiculturalism . 
  countries signing an agreement and not following through would destroy any union or alliance . 
  be relevant enough like denmark , uk and ireland . 
  or in every thread about vilnius on / r/europe, 
  slovenes wo n't be pleased, 
  someone with a croatian flair posting a map about coastlines ? 
  i think i know the intention behind this map . 
  what are you even doing here ? 
  do you mean the visegrad group countries ? 
  maybe the rest do n't even see belarus as a separate state . 
  the enemy is whoever the state wants it to be . 
  wait till belarus becomes the enemy when i gets closer to the west ... eventually . 
  well , thank fucking god ... until something russia does and the baltics are the enemy like ukraine . 
  grand duchy of lithuania did, 
  i 'm too late to the party, 
  people drinking alcohol in the city is n't a problem , they do n't drink as frequently and that much amount . 
  it does n't address the main problem of alcoholism in the countryside , which is n't an easy problem to fix so they decided to just half ass it this way . 
  banning 20 or 25 from purchasing alcohol wo n't matter in a village where everyone knows everyone including the police ... 
  officer tomas wo n't fine his aunt onut\u0117 because she sold a can beer to the officer 's brother 's friend rimas . 
  even if aunt onut\u0117 refuses to sell it to rimas , a random granny , a random local alcoholic or an older person will buy it for rimas . 
  the usual stuff : `` scandinavians are doing it therefore it 's good and we should do it too '' . 
  i 'm glad they did n't do it . 
  they baltic states know that ( the military is n't run by redditors ) and it would n't be a normal invasion . 
  russia would n't just attack nato countries , it would be a hybrid warfare - troops posing as locals with some local support . 
  an invasion like that would be carried out just to create a frozen conflict in the region and destabilize the countries . 
  i highly doubt that russia has any serious geopolitical goals like that on the agenda at the moment , they 're only exercising soft power and doing various propaganda stuff at the moment to justice their foreign policies in the world ( ukraine , syria , nato is the devil and etc. ), 
  and , of course , flexing muscles near our borders as per usual . 
  there are already nato troops of various nationalities stationed in the baltic countries as deterrent and it 's enough . 
  belarus - belaya rus ' ( white rus ' ) . 
   this video contains content from studio canal , who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds . 
  wine is the tastiest fruit juice . 
  you should either participate in organized games by an airsoft club so the local police would know about it or organize them in a private territory with the owner 's permission . 
  as far as i know this particular group just dressed like soldiers , went to a place without notifying anyone and scared the locals who called the police thinking that it was the `` green men '' . 
  better do it privately and inform the neighbors . 
  locals dressed with russian \u201e beriozka `` overalls and those blue + white striped russian paratrooper t-shirts . 
  the arrested group claims that it was just an illegal airsoft game . 
  i believe that they 're just dumb locals . 
  probably a russian lgbt advocacy group is communicating with the lithuanian authorities to help those seeking asylum . 
  they were searching for a country that would accept them . 
  there 's a group of around 40 chechens hiding in other parts of russia fearing that chechen authorities will hunt them down . 
  moscow does n't care about them ? 
  it 's an opportunity for them to go to eu , probably they 'll move to sweden or germany eventually . 
  sure ... 
  the crowd is waiting with their pitchforks ... 
  they 're being given asylum because they 're fleeing persecution or death . 
  looking at these [ statistics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita ) . 
  lithuania : beer - 46.5 , spirits - 34.1 , wine - 7.8 , other - 11.6 . 
  also [ lithuanian drinks : history and nowadays ] ( http://www.thinkbeforedrink.eu/documentation/tbd_lithuania_countryreport.pdf ) . 
  food products yes . 
  source ? 
  \\* liberal movement, 
  eu needs to catch up . 
  there 's no competition !, 
  it 's fine , we would n't expect an englishman to know baltic mythology . 
  if everyone did that the novelty would wear off really fast . 
  besides that , everyone would just vote for the german , french , russian and spanish singers or their own neighbours . 
  almost tree fiddy, 
  wow , 57 % of georgians view stalin favorably ? 
  why does my country continue to support a country like that ? 
  there 's austria too ;-), 
  share a land border with a rich neighbour with a strong economy ? 
  you could see it for yourself how much money you save by going to poland to buy groceries and refuel there . 
  only the internet and buying pc parts is cheaper in lithuania . 
  the more demand there is the higher the price for it .
