  i 'm apparently supposed to feel a connection with belarus and poland too because of `` historical reasons '' , but that 's foreign to me too . 
  i feel a connection with latvia and estonia because of `` baltic way '' ( mostly because i was thought from the fifth grade that `` latvians are brothers '' and `` estonians are cousins '' ) and latvians being the other surviving baltic people , and also some connection to native english speakers , because i can speak their language and i do watch/listen to a lot of their media . 
  kinda yes , kinda no . 
  baltic states had `` baltic entente '' agreement , but latvia and estonia never supported lithuania internationally in league of nations . 
  lithuania wanted to seek an alliance with germany or russia , while estonia and latvia wanted lithuania to form an alliance with poland , which would have meant forming diplomatic relations with poland and de facto renunciation of lithuanian claims to their historical capital . 
  in addition , all three baltic countries did n't form a military or economical union together , instead they chose to compete with each other . 
  also , neither of the three countries felt any common historic `` baltic '' identity , therefore no feeling of unity was present in the minds of those societies . 
  except , in latvian and lithuanian political and higher classes talks of forming one country was discussed ( something that was mentioned in vaclovas \u0160liogeris 's book `` antanas smetona -- \u017emogus ir valstybininkas '' , i do n't remember much , only that the idea was pushed by latvians and it was only dismissed as `` nonsensical '' by a. smetona , since `` latvians and lithuanians share very little of history compared with others , they do not share a language , religion , nor do they agree on foreign policy . 
  so what 's the point of such union ? '', 
  ( or something like that ) ) . 
  latvian sounds like a lithuanian villager with tourretes speaking . 
  sometimes it 's funny , sometimes it 's really weird . 
  is n't `` zirga galva '' latvian greeting ? 
  yes , our truck drivers are happy with no border controls, 
   zviedrija sounds like `` beastland '' or `` wildland '' in lithuanian, 
  anything that is not extreme left in sweden is racist, 
  this makes my blood boil, 
  well played, 
  please do n't belarus the whole thing, 
  freedom to decide what to do with one 's body, 
  estonia can not into nordic, 
  the only significant thing that modern lithuania and modern poland shares is common history . 
  not a unique culture , specific mentality , language or loan words that are common in europe . 
  i 'm not saying you 're not correct . 
  just the things you wrote apply widely to all of poland 's neighbours , minus plc stuff . 
  we also have similar alphabet , write in latin script , accepted christianity and we both use arabic numerals . 
   cuisine could you name two polish dishes that is unique to them , but not to other slavic or ex-communist nations in general or was n't borrowed from neighbors ? 
   some words true to all indo-europeans  there was a reason polish-lithuanian identity existed . 
  because such state was created and people identified with the place they lived in , before the rise of nationalism in 19th century . 
  if such state had never existed , that identity would have never existed . 
  do we speak polish and identify as lithuanians ? 
  no , because that polish-lithuanian identity died long time ago . 
  if there was a union with russia , we would have had russo-lithuanian identity , if there was a union with sweden , there would have been a balto-swedish identity . 
  that data show that we 're less religious than average . 
  also , it 's outdated , today in russia orthodoxy is important like never before . 
  while we might be too patriotic for nordic taste ( and for estonians ) , but far-right/extra-conservative parties are n't popular here \\ ( the same conservative or the same socialist party wins majority depending on which party won previous election . 
  two-party swing https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swing_ ( politics ) ) . 
  and lithuanians avoid each other online , rather pretending to be foreigners . 
  nor lithuanians are hardcore catholics like irish or polish , christian religion has little effect on daily lives compared `` basketball religion '' . 
  `` you do n't believe in god ? 
  mmm , okey '' , `` you did n't watch basketball yesterday ? 
  then what do you watch ?! '' . 
  and we do n't have crosses and road chapels every kilometer . 
  umm , no ? 
   mentality i strongly disagree with this one . 
  poles are prone to anger outbursts over silly things . 
  too much national pride . 
  feeling of superiority over others . 
  stronger nationalism and extremely religious ( catholicism being central part of polish identity . 
  drive through poland and you 'll see a huge cross every kilometer ) . 
  also poles are much more friendlier than lithuanians and less depressed overall . 
  keep in mind this is from my personal experience . 
  latvian and lithuanian languages have kinda asymmetric intelligibility . 
  being exposed more to each other 's language would make it possible to understand each other . 
  of course it would be hard to keep a straight face during first years . 
  we shut down our nuclear plant because germany asked us . 
  for that we got increased energy price and nordstream . 
  `` valgis '' - `` food '' . 
  in lithuanian . 
  the baltic loan words in finnish and estonian languages are mostly agricultural or something related to it . 
  `` aesti '' - `` ais\u010diai '' - another name for baltic people . 
  romans most likely refered to prussians ;-) term `` balts '' was introduced in 1845 in the book `` die sprache der alten preussen '' by konigsberg 's profesor g. h. nesselmann . 
  even if some names are polish/belarusian loans used widelly at that time ? 
  in lithuania `` farai '' and `` mentai '' ( su 's legacy ) . 
   latvia was oppressed for less than a century ( it did not exist before 20th century and was actually created by ussr , oh irony ... ) and  latvia has showed us that it does not support values of eu states , it is still stuck in soviet era of total state control and after a decade of being an eu member you absolutely do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  troll harder next time , m8 . 
  you sound like a latvian hating putinbot to be honest, 
  how about i check irish independence history ? 
  could you link me to those comments ? 
   a civilized country which protects human rights and freedom of speech and a police state . 
  it 's a shame that such countries are part of eu ... usa is not part of eu . 
  check : the usa patriot act , patriot sunsets extension act , usa freedom act . 
  you should be more familiar with edward snowden 's story though . 
  it actually does . 
  agitation against an ethnic group is a crime in eu . 
  latvia is yet to reach the level of police state france or usa is , or the level of nanny state like uk or australia . 
  to a common homosovieticus russia and belarus is much richer than european union . 
   koptelovs said later that the petition was meant to be a joke . 
  it 's just a prank , bro . 
   most of them a ban on same-sex-marriage i never understood this in law ... how can something be banned if it did n't exist prior in law or is unrecognized yet ? 
  in our laws only females and males are mentioned , so i guess trans people 's existence is banned ? 
  i see latvians like to do with lights turned on . 
  ( lithuanian `` geismas '' means `` lust '' ), 
   to live in a shitty small apartment and never have time to do anything with your friends who are also always busy . 
  sounds like lithuania , can we get german wages ? 
   not to mention the freedom that germans will never experience like driving for the first time without a licence when you were 12 . 
  or buying cigarettes and alcohol when ever you wa n't even tho you are underage . 
  or smoking weed in school and nobody giving a fuck . 
  setting the bar pretty low  i am pretty happy here . 
  and i do n't think that i would be any happier in western europe . 
  you 'd have more money to spend, 
   in eastern europe , the country with the greatest number of sunshine days is uzbekistan , while that with the least is lithuania . 
  china , afghanistan , maybe even japan is eastern europe too ? 
   ugnisko - ugnis sanskrit `` agni '' , i guess indian 's stole that word from polish too , instead of it being indo-european in origin . 
  dude , i just posted some random loan words , it 's not even from this study . 
  lexical distance is portrayed this way because of lithuanian and greek languages being archaic , both preseving indo-european elements that are not present in other languages . 
  no clue . 
  probably only areas where there 's a majority of speakers are colored differently inside other country 's borders . 
  i should have used quotation marks, 
  personally ?
