  of course , later on those people we 're assimilated into german nation and stopped speaking old prussian . 
  by mixing lithuanian and german you would ' t get prussian , you 'd get something entirely new . 
  it 's not the ee being angry at we , it 's usually someone from we complaining about eastern horde immigration and their money being spent to fund infrastructure in ee countries . 
  also , the original poster you replied to has spanish flair so it 's rather the `` north vs south '' thing rather than ee vs we . 
  the west and russia are in a new cold war . 
  supporting opposition parties , securing army base and annexing part of a country out of fear for nato bases in ukraine , propaganda , military dick waving , war in eastern ukraine and supporting different parties in syria , the training of ukrainian troops by nato instructors etc. 
  it is a new cold war , it 's not like the previous cold war was started when somebody declared the start of it . 
  there are no nato bases in estonia , latvia , lithuania . 
  yes, 
  no , k\u00f6nigsberg was named after terenas menethil ii , but since his son and future lich king arthas menethil killed him , soviets decided to name it after mikhail kalinin instead . 
  polish-lithuanian commonwealth did n't exist yet . 
  it was konrad i of masovia who called the teutonic order , grand duchy of lithuania was helping old prussians in resisting the teutonic knights . 
  three centuries later union of lublin happened . 
  ( baltic/old ) prussian = / = lithuanian or latvian . 
  russians renamed the city of `` k\u00f6nigsberg '' to `` kaliningrad '' in honour of soviet leader mikhail kalinin . 
  `` k\u00f6nigsberg '' means `` king 's mountain '' , kaliningrad means `` kalinin 's city '' . 
  there 's no turkey or cyprus in the picture either, 
  you mean [ republic of novogermaniya ] ( http://i.imgur.com/064gzwz.png ) ? 
   of course all the poorer countries want something for nothing . 
  there 's plenty of living space in poorer countries and housing is cheaper if germans want to live there . 
  russia is a [ transcontinental country ] ( http://www.operationworld.org/files/ow/maps/lgmap/russ-mmap-md.png ) . 
  you 're probably thinking about european russians , but you have to have in mind asian russians too . 
  [ could i offer you some of this , sir ? 
   and lastly how weak poland is a trouble for lithuania ? 
  it is not weak and poland does not affect or cares about some random eastern state as you probably would wish . 
  it would be nice if it did n't affect us but in a grown up world neighboring countries are connected by trade and a worrying political situation in a neighboring country can potentially scare away investors . 
  those investors for example would rather choose to invest into estonia with only one erratic neighbor - russia , rather than invest into lithuania with neighbors like russia , belarus and poland - if the government decided to go full reich one day , of course . 
  it would make us less appealing because investors do n't like uncertainty . 
  so it would beneficial for us if the other random eastern european state did economically well too . 
  [ yeah , we need to tune it down a notch ] ( https://youtu.be/fzgwyb95cq0 ), 
  a term used to describe a geopolitical and cultural region . 
  i thought maybe some humor will let us endure some of the inevitable `` x ways to divide y '' posts . 
   those pesky slavs , taking everyone territory ( before - after ) . 
  qq the first map is way too generous imo, 
  no , it 's our natural state :d, 
  op is lithuanian , so it 's k. 
  for lithuania it 's most likely the 90s mafia assassinations . 
  like the assassination of rimantas grainis by a car bomb for example . 
  it 's hard to imagine these things happening today . 
  most of the international community do not recognize the annexation and consider crimea to be ukrainian territory . 
  it 's the current year already ? 
  could viktor pass a turk ? 
   we are sanction russia for 2 years and for the most part , the conflict in eastern ukraine is quiet . 
  russia did n't pursue new territorial gains and quite frankly i do n't think they will . 
  if they new sanctions are required . 
  there has been no considerable developments with regards to implementation of the minsk agreement . 
  russia ca n't be allowed to create yet another frozen conflict zone and it should be pressured to play an active role in implementing it 's international commitments and solving the conflict . 
  stability in europe is the highest priority . 
   when it comes to the problems that the south is facing , debt crisis , refugees , etc. , i do n't see the ee doing much to solve those , so calling italy an hypocrite that only cares about money is funny . 
  baltics are accepting refugees from south countries and we ca n't solve your economical problems . 
  we implemented austerity measures after the 2008 crisis , we survived but had to cut pensions and wages . 
  how are the poorest eu members supposed to help two or three times wealthier countries anyway ? 
  it 's hard to help someone when you 're not in a good situation yourself . 
  not that i care much about upvotes , but my post was upvoted until it was massively downvoted because of the second sentence , where i expressed my not so nice opinion `` triggered '' by the news article and what italian politicians had expressed in the past . 
  you can punish poland , slovakia and hungary for their lack of solidarity with southern states in regard to mena refugees or migrants , but not the baltic states . 
  but anyway , leaving ukraine to russia to do whatever it wants wo n't affect britain or france . 
  i though it was all about turning everyone into homosexuals ? 
   `` greed '' is a really pretentious way of describing decisions to protect one 's trade/economy . 
  such notions sound so ridiculous to me . 
  russia is n't even top 10 import partner of italy , while russia is number one of lithuania 's . 
   are we going to pretend that the major deciding factors in modern-day politics are principles , ideals and the spirit of unity ? 
  are we going to pretend that the eu is not built on those principles ? 
  an that there are no compromises ? 
  lithuania suffered `` realpolitik '' in the name of `` european unity '' with the closure of it 's last nuclear reactor in 2009 , which had been generating 70 % of its electricity and was a major export , due to eu pressure . 
  except for the baltic states which are accepting refugees . 
   like when the french and the british decided to mess libya making our security at risk and therefore also the eu southern border ? 
  and i do n't want to enter in that pitiful show that was the menage of shengen external borders in the last 3 years or frankly the last 20 . 
  so in turn let 's punish eastern eu and non-eu states ? 
  that will surely be an impactful revenge on france and britain . 
  sanctions are about crimea and ukraine . 
  no , just the politicians . 
  i 'm just saying that i would n't be suprised if italy switched sides when an inconvenient outcome became apparent for it . 
   is italy more suffering from russian sanctions than the rest of the european countries ? 
  no , the most affected countries are the ones supporting the sanctions the most . 
  italy would sell the whole eu if it was profitable . 
  happy holidays to all the tovarishi in the bureau . 
  those troops are deterrent to russia from even thinking do anything in the region against nato members , like it did with non-nato members - georgia and ukraine . 
  sanctions are the result of a illegal annexation and aggression against a neighboring country . 
  you wo n't get an encouragement or a medal from the west for military adventurism in europe . 
  the countries bordering russia are sovereign states and have requested more security grantees from their allies . 
  you should worry more about unannounced large scale military exercise near our borders , our airspace violations , abduction of an estonian citizen from estonia or increasing militarization in kaliningrad and what message that sends to us . 
  4 000 us troops invading russia and permanently securing territories would be biggest achievement in warfare history but extremely unrealistic . 
  how is this escalation ? 
  do n't be dramatic , it 's 4 000 troops . 
  a good start would be to stop fighter planes from violating nato airspace . 
  it 's a minuscule price compared to allowing a country freely do land grabs when it pleases . 
  i 'm sure that there will be more sanctions if the situation in ukraine will not be resolved . 
  and i do n't doubt that in the future sanctions will be lifted and russia will be western aligned . 
  you can keep crimea and sanctions in that case . 
  in what aspect ? 
  in general it 's not . 
   i 'd love to have a bear or two with someone from belarus i do n't think you can legally adopt a bear in lithuania, 
  unifying majority russian speaking regions with with russia proper falls under irredentism . 
   the end result can quite possibly be extreme russian ethno-nationalist state with armed citizenry i worry that this is where the state is going , minus the guns . 
  the great meme war of 2016/2017 ? 
  we gladly give him away to you . 
  you 're free to do so . 
  every constitution defines what is marriage . 
   i 'm not changing the topic . 
  you told me that i ca n't equate half of the continent with a few countries .
