  til all of ukrainians want to join russia , but poroshenko wo n't let them . 
   that 's why france has state of emergency and it will only get worse  that 's rude and insensitive . 
  why would you views french problems as your personal victory ? 
  it 's not a fight . 
  i 'm called cold , serious , mad , `` loner '' , sometimes `` unfriendly '' . 
  `` why are you quiet ? '', 
  - is a constant question i hear all my life . 
  i 'm not shy , i 'm not antisocial , if you get to know me i might be your friend for life , i like listening to people and add something to the conversation , rather than interrupt someone or talk just for the sake of making a noise . 
  i do n't want a conversation to feel like a choir . 
  also rarely do people want to talk about politics , history or work in parties , so i might as well just listen to what they have to say . 
  i do n't watch basketball not because i do n't like it , but because most of the time i prefer to do something else with my free time instead . 
  i get shit from older people if they find out about it , because they think they 're devoted catholics when in reality they just celebrate holidays and ca n't be bothered to do more . 
  that bible on their shelf has n't been opened more than once and that happened more than 10 years ago when it was first bought . 
  props to the pensioners for at least going to the church , even though they go there since they do n't have anything better to do . 
  my dad thinks that i believe in the devil . 
  i get extremely uncomfortable if someone sits next to me on the bus . 
  it 's like the seat suddenly shrinks and my hands get crammed . 
  i 'd prefer to stand , but i ca n't just get up and stand next to the person who just sat , also i 'd have to excuse myself and make that person stand up . 
  i only stand up once the appropriate time comes . 
  sometimes i just prefer to sit in my underwear , drink bear and look at memes and read stuff on reddit , instead of going out . 
  before someone writes me off as just introvert , i do n't think i am . 
  i do n't have a problem with talking with people , expressing my feelings to strangers , doing a presentation for an audience or going out . 
  i 'm not the person you had the discussion with . 
  i just wanted to point out that someone like micha\u0142 korybut wi\u015bniowiecki was n't relevant to your discussion because he was both the ruler of poland and lithuania , when op had only gdl rulers ( from mindaugas up to ~ jogaila ) in mind . 
  i know poles love plc a lot , but when lithuanians are talking about their dukes they 're talking about pre union dukes . 
   all we know about mindaugas for example comes from a few myths and some treaties where he is mentioned briefly ... what myths are you talking about ? 
  please share them with us . 
  what language could have he spoken if he was the one to unite all lithuanian lands into a state ? 
  random illiterate tribes probably understood mindaugas ' ancient alien language ? 
   . . that 's it , we do n't know about his parents , his personality , his ethnicity or the language he spoke , how he got his possition or what his world view was . 
  his father is mentioned in the chronicles , but is not named . 
  we do n't know which was his favorite color , but we know that he was cunning and ruthless . 
  since he ruled pagans and was baptized later in the newly acquired slavic lands , he clearly was not a slav . 
  illiterate pagan people living in the woods most likely were polyglots , that why mindaugas managed to unite everyone and establish a lithuanian state . 
  / s he got his position most likely not from being a good motivational speaker , but through marriage , murder and military conquest . 
   no we do n't actually , please do n't talk about things you lack knowledge about . 
  according to the chronic of gustynia , he was baptized by orthodox church in navahrudak , which suggest that he was a pagan prior . 
  in the winter of 1250/51 , mindaugas , his wife morta , and most nobles of his court were rebaptised as roman catholics at voruta . 
  a delegation with the news of mindaugas ' baptism was sent to pope innocent iv . 
  they found the pope in milan in july of 1251 . 
  on july 15 the pope sent a letter to the bishop of culm about the conversion of lithuanians and instructed him to take charge of the organization of the lithuanian roman catholic church and to be gentle in the collection of the church 's tithe . 
   we do n't actually know that much about the beginnings of lithuania , just some myths about mindaugas and so on . 
  it 's not myths , it 's recorded in foreign annals and in various treaties . 
   we also dont really know if that dude was even 100 % ethnic lithuanian himself , same with other grand dukes , same with other grand dukes . 
  we know that he was a pagan at first , we also know that belorussians were baptized in 9th century and 4 centuries later kievan rus principalities were acquired by the expanding lithuania , we also know that gediminas was baptized by orthodox church , then rebaptised as a roman catholic and then mindaugas reverted to paganism again , we also know that later lithuanian dukes were pagans too until late 14th century . 
  so what is certain is that grand dukes of lithuania were 99 % not belorussian . 
   do modern day lithuanians feel like they share somehow the same history with poles well the commonwealth period and also poles and lithuanians share a few folk heroes and poets , although i remember that my history books focused on the pre-union period extensively , specifically on different dukes of lithuania , also on national revival and lithuanian wars of independence at the end of ww1 since there was n't a lot of `` lithuanian '' input in polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  today 's republic of poland considers itself a successor to the commonwealth . 
   do they feel close to poles ( and vice versa ) those who interact with polish or those who idealize commonwealth period do , for everyone else - latvians feel the closest . 
  for poland - it 's hungarians or czechs . 
  that close connection that existed between poles and lithuanians disappeared in 20th century . 
  politically , poland is part of the visegrad group and it 's political focus is to the central europe , lithuania is part of the baltic states and it 's focus is to the northern europe . 
  post independence there were periods of friendly relations and a lot of conflicts between the two countries and possibly more in the future , although that never was in the way of cooperation . 
  but overall , in some ways , poles and lithuanians are similar and in others different . 
  a close connection would need to be built from the ground up though . 
  well , if latvian was influenced by german language and social mobility depended on the ability to speak german , i 'd speculate that there were bilingual latvian serfs who did the talking for the baron . 
  it 's weird how different and yet similar are lithuanian and latvian histories . 
  latvian nobility spoke german and lithuanian nobility spoke polish after union with poland . 
  german priest named georgs mancelis systemized the latvian writing system , while prussian daniel klein wrote the first grammar book of the lithuanian language . 
  is that polish-lithuanian commonwealth at 1:40 ? 
   sell your land , banking , industry and raw resources to your new german overlords and in turn get foreign investment and economic growth  enjoy mediocrity of life , total brain-drain and collapse of social system , nice roads and trams though , and you can jump ship on your wish or do nothing and enjoy economic stagnation , mediocrity of life , massive unemployment and collapse of social system instead . 
  just look at belarus and ukraine if you think latvia chose the wrong path . 
  that took me a while to understand, 
  but how to do that subtly ? 
  release some commemoration coins ? 
  it 's a love -- hate relationship with some bdsm involved . 
  also , both countries are bipolar . 
  i do n't know if that was possible even if lithuania was promised to have it 's own national government and poland would have respected autonomy of lithuanian culture and language in union between the two countries . 
  the period of [ national revival ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_national_revival ) culminated with the establishment lithuanian nation state . 
  the press ban and the rusification policies in the russian empire had left a bad taste in the mouth , also lithuanian intellectuals feared for the lithuanian language since lithuanians lost a lot of ethnic lands because of assimilation . 
  lithuanians were as prideful and stubborn as poles , even the proposal of establishing a lithuanian-latvian state was rejected . 
   what do you mean by that ? 
  just banter or shit-talking because i have a cold , i 'm bored and the whole `` wilno/vilnius '' thing is past it 's expiration date . 
  currently ? 
  i have to agree , it made sense from a polish perspective . 
  the city and the surrounding area were absolute majority polish speaking and the locals had concerns that lithuanian government would start to lithuanize them , also back then to some people both in poland and lithuania it was more logical to establish a state that continued the polish-lithuanian statehood since commonwealth existed for hundreds of years before the partitions , rather than to establish new countries . 
  also , back then the mindset `` get as much land as possible '' and `` small countries wo n't last long '' was prevalent . 
  j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski wanted to incorporate his fatherland into some kind of a union with poland and he needed to pressure lithuanian government without massive bloodshed and annexation ( poland could have annexed lithuania easily since lithuanian army was untrained and lacked men power ) , of course he hit bellow the belt and his ambitions did n't come true . 
  imo the worst thing was trying [ to overthrow the lithuanian government back in 1919 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1919_polish_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat_attempt_in_lithuania ) . 
  but remember that we 're the bad guys for wanting to establish our own nation state . 
  yes , the most important polish city in the entire existence of poland , literal birthplace of polish culture . 
  invaluable importance city that was part of poland for thousands of years . 
  how can poland even endure without such important cities as wilno or lviv and without polish country of belarus ? 
  i think he was talking about wilno indeed . 
  funnily , the same `` center of x culture and science '' meme is thought in lithuania and belarus too . 
  if i saw one irl , i 'd think that it 's a swamp creature . 
   latvia , pls rename your shitty airline into something else . 
  to something like `` airnordik '' like estonians named their national carrier '' [ nordica ] ( https://www.nordica.ee/en/home/?savecountry=1 ) '' ? 
   castravete sounds dangerous, 
  septyntadienis ? 
  `` sekmas '' is old lithuanian for `` seven '' . 
  sekmin\u0117s are celebrated seven weeks after easter . 
  latvian `` sekmin\u0117s '' are known as vasarsv\u0113tki . 
  `` this is my life now '', 
  developted western areas , ability to `` protect '' russian minorities , land connection to kaliningrad , more buffer zone from nato , even more baltic ports for military bases , even more popular support for the establishment from the general population ... 
  the kosovo question seems like a lose-lose situation , is there any benefit for serbia from gaining kosovo ? 
  sweden , you know what to do . 
  ~ ~ annex ~ ~ liberate us  impose your system ( nordic welfare state model )  `` build roads and factories '', 
   yes , of course you can . 
  its not like they have valid documents to travel and can be documented so that germany would extradition them back ( repeatedly if needed ) if they get a refugee status , they get a valid document .
