  they probably like it rough anyway . 
  ... slavia . 
  the region already matters . 
  russia invades and nato does nothing - nato loses all it 's credibility . 
  bonus points for south park reference . 
  thx stalin, 
  and still cheaper than buying it from putinstan, 
  they ca n't give `` more rights '' when there 's no rights to begin with . 
  damn , i wish i had an option to learn latvian in school . 
  we can only communicate with them in english or worse ... in russian . 
  then who would write pro-kremlin propaganda comments ? 
  lauris reiniks - [ `` i run '' in multiple european languages ] ( http://m.youtube.com/playlist?list=pl7a57bbb684488a1c ) [ a performance in estonian , latvian and lithuanian languages ] ( http://youtu.be/yrb4ohn3ylq ) [ fun self-critical song by inculto ] ( http://youtu.be/ab9c0klyilw ) mario & vidis feat . 
  jazzu - [ i 'll be gone ] ( http://youtu.be/pka3c67_mf4 ), 
  russia is ruled by hipocrites . 
  or they could target other baltic sea countries that are densely populated, 
  who said they 'd target scandinavia ? 
  sorry , i forgot i was n't american : /, 
  like every other european country ? 
  not as cute as putin, 
  join russia 's alliance ? 
  if it was a frog with a stick you 'd probably eat it for us ( :, 
  so why did you guys remove your lenin from leninplatz , east berlin ? 
  francofascits selling milatary equipment to russofacists is pretty scarry to east europe . 
  it 's really great when you do n't have to worry about abusive neighbours , right ? 
  because russia was/is such a friendly neighbour . 
  and then you wonder why the world dislikes france ... 
  what 's up with hungary and it 's flirt with russia ? 
  come on , hungary , exit eu and join euroasian union . 
  clearly you joined the wrong union . 
  `` huge grand duchy '' does n't have a ring to it, 
  come to lithuania to experience unique baltic cultural heritage on the amber coast . 
  once we had a huge kingdom , but now we have huge suicide rates . 
  * polish-lithuanian-ruthenian, 
  because it looks cool, 
  and zoosexuality will be the norm in 21th century, 
  oh the famous kindergarten `` you do n't agree with me , then you are stupid '' argument , i did n't expect nothing more . 
  give it time , nobody believed homosexual marriages would be legal too in 20th century . 
  this parades are only making hateful people more hateful . 
  something like this has to be introduced by educational programs in school , not '' \u00f6h hey we know you hate gays , have a parade in your face dedicated to it so you 'd be more hateful towards them '' . 
  what people from western countries fail to realize is that it took them time too to get tolerant towards it . 
  ca n't wait till this sexual preference will be adopted http://www.vice.com/en_se/vice-profiles/animal-fuckers-219, 
  also countries that have high standard of living are less homophobic than poorer countries . 
  less mad people worrying about daily lives = more happy tolerant post-modern people . 
  and these gay pride parades cost lots of money . 
  i do n't believe in ` bureaucratic '' , nor `` religious '' marriages . 
  especially when there are so many divorces afterwards . 
  all these gay pride parades are doing nothing more but putting more lumber into the hate furnace . 
  people are aware about homosexuality 's existence as tolerance for it is so forced . 
  gay people have the same humans rights as any individual . 
  or praising them for being gay and parading them around towns is their special human right ? 
  these all human rights regarding homosexuality is turning into this http://www.vice.com/en_se/vice-profiles/animal-fuckers-219 . 
  more will come . 
  forcing your own culture and ideals on other countries is wrong too . 
  russia is stuck in colonial period, 
  all i saw police doing their job . 
  hopefully the car will be returned to the owner . 
  in the middle ? 
  not really . 
  putin is like an exgirlfriend that just wo n't let go . 
  a clown like nigel was perfect for a commercial like this . 
  suits him nicely . 
  so i should wear a swastika t-shirt when i 'll visit israel ? 
  i mean there were some nazis opposed to killing of jews . 
  someone should buy putin civilization 5 . 
  i forgot to write `` like '' . 
  i fixed it now . 
  he believes that the russian language as the second official should be legalized in klaipeda . 
  if lithuania does not improve life for the russians , according to v. titovo , we may see the turmoil like in ukraine . 
  a russian alliance politician via\u010deslav titov has said that if russian language wo n't be recognized as a second official language in klaip\u0117da region there might be a civil war in lithuania . 
  eastern/northern/balkan region europe was completely unrepresented . 
  i guess eu is still very anglo-saxon/western-centred . 
  not in ukraine . 
  open uk borders to russia and enjoy your russian 5th column . 
  clearly i see that there 's no point in argueing with someone biased lithuanian-hater like you . 
  when you 'll pull your head out of your ass come to lithuania and see for yourself what really is going on with `` polish '' minority and their ribbons of saint george . 
  poland 's politicians came here , gained all the information they wanted and left . 
  the topic was closed after donald tusk 's last visit . 
  we do n't expect you to give us back our land that you annexed in-between ww1 and ww2 but poland being the bigger country should stop interfering in our inner politics like russia does and start showing that it wants good relantionship . 
  realize that we did ' t need this litolukrbrig nonsense at all , lithuanians only signed it to show good faith to poland and to boost moral support for ukraine . 
  now good day and i hope that one day you 'll stop hating lithuanians . 
  but the english wikipedia tells history differently from the things you wrote . 
  like ruthenian was not the oficial language of the grand duchy of lithuania but used to comunicate with south-eastern region and while lithuanian region the only spoken language was lithuanian ( before polonisation of the nobles in a later point ofc ) and latin used for writing . 
  jogaila being lithuanian . 
  i do n't know anyone in belarus named the slavinised version `` jagiello '' but jogaila is still a popular name here in lithuania . 
  regarding `` baltic history '' : no , nobody ever wrote anything about lithuanians annexing poland . 
  it 's considered a benificial union to both parties at the time . 
  now polish street names : modern `` polish '' minority are not living in ethnically polish lands . 
  at home these tutejszy ( as they call themselves ) speak russian between themselves and learn polish in school ( some do n't even learn it like my friend ) . 
  this whole `` lithuanians hate polish '' is artificial myth used by moscow 's agent waldemar tomaszewski to gain political support from minorities and to ruin polish-lithuanian relationship . 
  nah , i do n't think we 'll make the same mistake twice . 
  so that 's what history they teach in poland ? 
  i 'm suprised that your books do n't tell you that polish was the oficial language in lithuania and ruthenia till 21 century or that ukrainians , belarusians and lithuanians came from polish master-race ethnicity . 
  i 'll probably have to disregard the fact that documents were writen in multiple languages depending with whom lithuanians were dealing with ( latin used with foreign countries , german with teutonic knights , old slavic for the ruthenian region and many more ) and that everyone was free to speak whatever language they wanted . 
  thanks , today as lithuanian i learned that ruthenian was the only oficial language used in grand duchy . 
  because you know ruthenians totally conquered lithuania and for some reason did n't call it grand duchy of ruthenia or grand duchy of rus ' . 
  someone has n't read history properly  . 
  when 90 % of population spoke ruthenian do you think it would have been wise to force them speak lithuanian ? 
  do n't you think that would have caused rebellions and uprisings against lithuanian rulers ? 
  please do n't make false claims about history . 
  clashes between position and opposition is the pure expresion of democracy .
