  non-citizens do n't exist in lithuania . 
  it 's a troll account, 
  and the steering wheel is on the wrong side too, 
  first thing that comes to mind : `` erdapfel '' ( austrian : `` potatoes '' are `` dirt apples '' ) , holly roman empire , loudly screaming gypsy beggers in vienna , austria-hungary , austria got lucky and was not incorporated into soviet union , austrian flag being similar to latvian flag . 
   what common preconception about austria does exist in your country ? 
  pretty much : `` why austria and germany is not one country ? '', 
  and `` austria is a rich country '' . 
  thank you , georgija/d \u017eord\u017eija / sakartvelija ( do you still hate people when they call your country `` gruzija/gruzia ? '' ), 
  giraffes were cool until you realized they were trained by kgb for government surveillance, 
  just a normal day in soviet utopia . 
  it 's a `` roll over cat '' meme, 
  you 're a joke . 
  your joke is tasteless , out of place and at a wrong time . 
   and lithuania can into polan ( commonwealth style ) no , thank you . 
   according to most government provided educational material , everyone wants a piece of turkey and everyone is constantly trying to destabilise the country . 
  turkey is a completely innocent country with no history of ethnic cleansing or anything , and everyone hates it for no reason at all welcome to europe, 
  putin `` guys guys , pretend we 're a world superpower like we used to be and everything is k '', 
  orwell 2016, 
  plus she knows a few ukrainian words and phrazes , so she speaks semi-ukrainian & russian when speaking with ukrainians . 
  very un-central european of them, 
  ours do too , but they treat them as toys and leave them with mentally unstable people ... 
   gerkhan all these years and i never realized that he looked turkic, 
  so refugees are just intergrating, 
  because she 's a populist . 
  they took `` feel at home '' literally . 
  need better translators , germany . 
  now combine all of eastern europe patents, 
  what `` muscles '' ? 
  source : your ass ? 
  lithuania has nothing beautiful, 
  western individualism vs russian collectivism + strong leader cult, 
  that would be disastrous for the eu . 
  huge country , poor economy , incompatible cultural values . 
  also russia has no interest in joining eu . 
  do n't worry , broliuks , we have our own stereotypes ;d, 
   where did karas and kar\u0161 in latvia and lithuania came from ? 
  straight from proto-indo-european language , baltic languages are extremely archaic and have preserved words that other indo-europeans have lost . 
   my best guess is through the conquest by germanic knights they kept the k and from then on just made it more ... eastern european ? 
  lithuanians and latvians are n't eastern european . 
  so much ignorance in one post ... 
  taika in lithuanian, 
  yeah , no . 
  please keep your chauvinism and fake history in your pants . 
  do n't start with him , he is sick . 
  his comments get removed even from polandball . 
   well , are n't you lithuanians usually the ones to claim that during the polish-majority period in wilno 's history , many poles in wilno were `` polonized lithuanians ? '' . 
  some of their polish ancestors did travel to vilnius/wilno/vilna , saying that majority of the cities population 's were polonized or self-polonized lithuanians is n't some kind of lithuanian nationalism , historically it was inhabited by mostly lithuanians . 
  i do n't believe that lithuanians we 're driven out by polish newcomers . 
   if they were , it 's obvious that there were many descendants of your ruling class among them . 
  it a possibility , nobody could be certain how many though . 
   and yet the polish-majority counties are being won by llra . 
  as in anyone besides poles would vote for polish orientated party . 
   that 's a nice name , after all like in many cities of rzeczpospolita , in wilno there also was a strong jewish community living alongside its polish population . 
  apparently napoleon called it that and it stuck . 
   basic logic . 
  medieval pagan gdl -  the elite of gdl assimilates to the polish nation -  period of overwhelming polish-jewish majority in wilno -  after soviet-lithuanian takeover significant portion of poles leaves for poland , nowadays among those poles who remained , tomaszewski 's party has a huge support . 
  first of all , you 're implying that the former noble descendants were living in one city . 
  secondly , it 's highly unlikely that all the polish speakers were nobles . 
  also , gdl was n't exclusively pagan , eastern lands were orthodox . 
   period of overwhelming polish-jewish majority in wilno i do n't see how is this relevant  tomaszewski 's party has a huge support that 's not true , lietuvos lenk\u0173 rinkim\u0173 akcija had to unite with rus\u0173 aljansas party to barely meet the required percentage of votes to get seats in seimas . 
  as surveys show lithuanian poles vote for the conservatives ( t\u0117vyn\u0117s s\u0105junga -- lietuvos krik\u0161\u010dionys demokratai ) . 
   wilno i prefer `` jerusalem of the north '', 
  ca n't imagine how desperate poland must have been to steal vytautas crown and wed their queen to a pagan barbarian ... 
   of course it is ridiculous . 
  it being true makes it so much funnier . 
  care to provide proof/any source for that claim ? 
  just saying it 's `` true '' is not enough for something to be true . 
   precisely , those lithuanian threads once in a while are among the only times i ever spare thought to lithuania . 
  and you should . 
  historical grievances ca n't be healthy for one 's mental health  i am allergic to lies and misinformation , so i just ca n't help myself but comment there . 
  ironic . 
  especially knowing objectiveness of polish historians , seems like russians and polish have a different view of history than the rest of europe . 
   indeed , the irony of this is hillarious . 
  no , the claim itself is comically ridiculous  on a lone occasion i think about lithuania i doubt that 's true . 
  seen you couple of times in various lithuanian related threads with your pal ama_deos . 
  living in the past is poland 's national character after all . 
   ... who gradually became roman catholic poles after polish-lithuanian union . 
  and ? 
  what does that change ? 
   their descendants are now living in poland or voting for tomaszewski 's party . 
  duchy of lithuania was ethnically lithuanian . 
  while grand duchy of lithuania was lithuania proper ( ethnic lithuanian land ) + former kievan rus principalities . 
  despite the fact that gdl had a majority orthodox slavic population , it 's ruling class was pagan lithuanians . 
  edit : i do n't get the downvotes . 
  probably getting down voted by lithuanian hating poles ? 
  here 's more information : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuania_proper and a list of all lithuanian rulers https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_rulers_of_lithuania, 
  poland never had wealth, 
  those are sponsor ads on the sides of the train, 
  you 've invented the train-car ? 
  eat your heart out, 
  it 's has `` america '' in it 's name . 
  must be cia lies . 
  the man that wants europe divided ? 
  yes, 
  just what eu `` needs '', 
  europe will have to figure out where serbia is, 
  `` third europe '' as in `` third world europe '', 
  yes , i do agree . 
  one man 's hero is another man 's villain . 
  what do other eu countries gain from that ?
