  when polish got offended that lithuanians do n't want to be polonized anymore . 
  we were in danger of losing our cultural identity as a nation . 
  and our relationship deteriorated after poland refused to recognize lithuania as a new country and latter on broke the suvalk\u0173 agreement . 
  writing street names in other language is anti-constitutional . 
  we 'd have to change our constitution , but we wo n't since we have an unfriendly neighbor . 
  as polish like to put it `` litewski chamie kl\u0119knij przed polskim panem '' . 
  and grand duchy of lithuania was established by who ? 
  mindaugas was a polish duke who started the city ? 
  did lithuanians during commonwealth , russian empire and german occupation periods ceased to exist ? 
  or did we embrace polish-lithuanian identity which you try to claim as only yours ? 
  what right had poland to annex our capital city ? 
  the same right as russia taking crimea and eastern ukraine ? 
  lets take our `` brother 's '' capital because there 's lots of polish/polonised lithuanians and because it 's a weaker state . 
  poland 's claim to the city is beyond ridiculous . 
  nobody 's accusing anyone about anything , it 's well documented fact , well , except in `` polish history '' . 
  but of course they teach you that mean old lithuania broke the friendship ? 
  umm ... we hate them so much that we provide the ability to learn subjects in polish up to university for free ? 
  vilnius was always our city to begin with and we took it back after poland broke suvalk\u0173 agreement . 
  the only people who claimed the city because it was `` inhabited by other nationalities only because they felt like it '' - were polish . 
  i do n't know why you and russians did that in 20th century . 
  and ? 
  for polish it 's yet another city . 
  for us it 's our historical capital , our statehood , country 's hearth . 
  and when gediminas built the city , it was inhabited by 100 % lithuanians . 
  your point ? 
  geographically - yes . 
  politically , historically , culturally and mentally - nope . 
  it 's not for barbarians from asia to understand the importance of cultural monuments conservation . 
  while russia keeps killing ukrainians and it 's own children in east ukraine , participating in brother-killing war , also persecutes crimean tatars . 
  russia is far from being an `` underdog '' . 
  ask anyone who was under it 's rule what russia is . 
  we could have closed those schools or stopped funding them ( they are funded by taxes like any other school in the country ) , but we did n't . 
  to these day you can learn subjects in polish . 
  as i never met one instance where pilsudski was regarded as true `` lithuanian '' , so i 'll imply that you read about it on internet and it got mistranslated . 
  we have an expression `` lietuvi\u0173 kilm\u0117s '' which directly translates to `` lithuanian origin '' , but it does not imply `` being fully lithuanian '' , this expression is used to describe someone who was born in lithuania or had lithuanian parents/parent . 
  fun fact : his hearth is buried in lithuania and his body in poland . 
  firstly , lithuania has the most polish schools in the world and provides education in polish language up to university . 
  i personally have never heard about any schools being closed , so i 'd like a source on that . 
  secondly , i do n't know from where you got the idea that we 're claiming `` famous poles '' as `` ours '' . 
  just by going to lithuanian wiki you can see `` juozas pilsudskis ( lenk . 
  it seems more that poland has a `` everyone is against me '' complex . 
  i find the idea that a country size of poland regards a country size of a lithuania as an aggressor or even as an oppressor a bit silly . 
  i 'm not justifying it . 
  you 're forgetting under who 's occupation lithuania was at the time and blaming lithuanians solely for it - it 's like blaming poles for auschwitz . 
  so you believe that crimea and eastern ukraine belongs to russia , because people there speak russian ? 
  i 'd like to know your political views too , as you sound like a neo-nationalist to me . 
  and you guys paid it back with dubingiai massacre . 
  and in 2007 posthumously awarded zygmunt szendzielarz with your highest order of `` polonia restituta '' . 
  plus never apologized for breaking suvalk\u0173 agreement in the first place . 
  any source on 3 % of lithuanians in vilnius then ? 
  i know that everyone back then knew and used polish language in their daily lives ( like english or russian now ) . 
  mostly people who lived in the cities . 
  an apology for breaking suvalk\u0173 agreement would be a great start for moving on . 
  ( i do n't even dream about getting back suvalkai and seiniai ) . 
  actually putin is everything what far right would want from a leader . 
  strong cult of personality , banning homosexuality , promoting patriarchy , religion and nationalism , going into war against other smaller nations , successfully annexing lands ... etc. 
  you forgot to mention how they 're going to make children work for minimum wage and demolish all orphanages . 
  and it 's all obama 's fault . 
  * writing the same in two language looks a bit silly though . 
  just so you may know , putin , you 're a relic from cold war period . 
  damn estonians and latvians with their homonazi-ss parades denying rt 's tolerance-communist truth . 
  aah , i completely forgot about valdemar toma\u0161evski . 
  i guess till next election then . 
  father putin is sure f * cking over mother russia . 
  wow those countries are really poor / s, 
  i do n't remember the last time our politicians used a scapegoat tbh, 
  the benefit of never colonizing the world and being poor is that you do n't have to deal with immigration problems !, 
  `` vargas '' means `` misery '' . 
  well , isis ideology is the literal interpretation of the quran , is n't it ? 
  do you want ebola in europe ? 
  information warfare is a serious threat . 
  if you wont fight it - you 'll lose . 
  i 'm worried about putin 's mental health . 
  he 's probably getting poisoned by his successor like all the russian leaders before . 
  no offense to poland , but if i wanted to go abroad to work i 'd go to germany , norway or denmark because of the salaries being 3x higher there . 
  i do n't see a difference between working in my country and working in poland except that i 'd have to learn a new language . 
  what opportunity is there in poland ? 
  vladimir putin, 
  in belarus '' [ lgbt activism/expression is deemed as terrorism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_by_country_or_territory#eastern_europe ) '', 
  oh you know , just you typical war crimes ... killing or torturing `` spies '' , destroying ancient mosques , using chemical weapons ... 
  do you get paid for attacking people for no reason ? 
  so human rights are being taken away from zoosexuals ? 
  i thought denmark was a democratic country . 
  also known as `` poor man 's eu knockoff '' . 
  what about isil supporters who were born in germany ? 
  will you trow them in the sea ? 
  but what about cultural diversity ? 
  they 're enriching our european culture with their religion of peace values . 
  abuse score of msm is so low in sweden because they like it rough and do n't report it obviously . 
  you 're not if you do n't speak lithuanian . 
  umm ... it takes time for conservative cultures to adopt foreign notions that the same foreigners did n't adopt not so long time ago . 
  that part was never changed . 
  that 's a relic from 90s . 
  hands down viktoras uspaskichas . 
  a russian business man and a corrupt politician who is a thief , a liar and he does n't respect our country 's judicial system . 
  same sex marriage in lithuania is not specifically `` banned '' like it is implied , same sex marriage is unavailable like it was before in every other european country before legalizing boom started . 
  marriage is just defined as a union between man and a woman in our constitution . 
  you do n't get fined or go to jail if you married samesex person in another country . 
  will now estonia get invited into scandinavian party ? 
  serves them right for supporting putin .
