what barbarians . 
  you realize that i 'm not defending islam right ? 
  my whole post was to point out that no religion is exempt from extremism . 
  how about you go to south america or africa if you * really * want to know what extremist christianity looks like . 
  or how about middle america for that matter . 
  though shalt not marry someone of your sex for one ? 
  or abortion ? 
  or the place of a woman in society ? 
  people * do * take the bible literally , though . 
  just in uneducated and backward areas . 
  places like africa , south america and south east asian christian holdouts . 
  it has nothing to do with religion , it just has to do with the levels of education a population has . 
  with modernization comes that education and secularization . 
  source ? 
  you do n't have all of the exact texts , and you do n't know all of the exact rituals of early christianity . 
  unless , you want to back up that claim , 
  and you do n't understand what i 'm telling you . 
  you can not practice the unpolitical forms of christianity because they died in 325 with the council of nicea . 
  you really do like to go in circles . 
  and my argument is that that does n't matter , because after the spread of christianity it became politicized . 
  evidenced by the bible that was codified through political means , making it impossible to truly follow christianity because countless gospels and books were left out when it was put together . 
  excuse me i meant 173-174 . 
  simple typo . 
  still early enough in the history to make me feel as if your point about purity is irrelevant , considering the long history of political involvement of the religion . 
  take care now . 
  that is such a stupid point that you keep bringing up . 
  you bring it up again and again and you were too lazy to click on the second link that brings up targetted conversions in 74 ad . 
  again , just because early christianity was n't nearly as successful as early islam , does n't mean that it did not seek political and cultural control . 
  at this point we 're going in circles so i 'm going to have to say farewell . 
  i do n't know if i can agree . 
  if this was the case , why did christianity establish a political institution in the vatican ? 
  why did the vatican go out of it 's way , for millennia , to establish the laws the pope declared ? 
  i would personally say that in catholicism papal decree was taken very seriously for a long time . 
  is n't decree considered divine law ? 
  also , how can anyone say that christianity is not a code of laws when christian culture is built around the ten commandments ? 
  i know there is much more to christian law than just that basis as well in the various books that are very comparable to the hadiths in the five pillars of sharia law . 
  into your own ignorance . 
  what do i honestly need to back up ? 
  [ the fact that it became the most powerful political tool with constantine the great ? 
  ] ( http://www.bu.edu/religion/files/pdf/christians-in-the-roman-empire-in-the-first-three-centuries-.pdf ) [ the targeted conversions of the military elite and the conversion of the members of the cult of mithra ? ], 
  ( https://www.google.com/amp/s/gatesofnineveh.wordpress.com/2012/04/20/christians-in-the-roman-army-countering-the-pacifist-narrative/amp/?client=safari ) these are very reasonable facts that are common knowledge . 
  i already went through this argument . 
  but it is worth noting that a lot of our deep culture has a christian bias and a lot of our policies reflect that . 
  while america is more secular than most , it is sliding backwards , as are certain enclaves in europe . 
  our level of secularism , also , has zero to do with our choice in religion . 
  if you believe so , why is there still so much christian centric dominance and repression in the south america and africa ? 
  the answer is that , while philosophy will always intersect with policy , the ultimate factors for the levels of secularism , is that of stability , industry , and strong educated middle classes in developed economies . 
  some people . 
  but your evidence is fairly anecdotal . 
  no one expects extreme christianity to be a majority in europe , but it surely still has a hold in policy around the world still and definitely has enclaves in europe . 
  in america , it is particularly bad how often christian values get pushed on us . 
  that has n't stopped people from pushing their values on each other . 
  oh i know , i just wanted to further trap him lol . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_and_secularism there is a heavy debate about the place of secularism in islamic society . 
  just because they 're behind , does n't mean they ca n't reach the same conclusions . 
  if they could just go 50 years without being bombed into oblivion , i 'd bet that they coild modernize and secularize . 
  can you rephase that please ? 
  my arguments have the history of christianity backing them . 
  what do yours have ? 
  opinion ? 
  quality work , you should write a book on the subject, 
  nice argument . 
  there is no denying that christianity has been political for a vast majority of it 's existence , and even between 50 ad to 325 ad it sought to become political by converting the elites in the roman empire . 
  that 's a false point then , because christianity does heavily impact political views . 
  christianity 's purpose has been to influence politics for 1,800 years . 
  it does not matter if it was immediate or not . 
  unless you were alive when it was pure , it makes no difference . 
  and i 'd argue that it was never pure and never will be pure as long as you read the bible that was codified at the political council of nicea . 
  you can keep saying that , but just because a budding religion was n't immediately political and cultural dogma , does n't make it inherently better than islam . 
  and i disagree . 
  europe 's foundations are in christianity , so deeply so that your politics have a christian bias in everything . 
  common law , roman law , napoleonic law , constitutions that declare god , monetary and institutional sayings that mention god , a church in every town , sperm being sacred to the pope controlling the politics of italy still , christianity is still heavily involved in every facet of european life . 
  you just do n't see it because it 's normal for you . 
  just because islam was immediately successful , does n't make it different from christianity . 
  christianity , and all forms of religion , are about control . 
  christianity still exherts an unreasonable amount of cultural and political control . 
  whether it was dragged down or not ( it was n't because religion already is about control ) is irrelevant . 
  christianity also serves to control and impact the daily life as islam does . 
  erm . 
  unless you 're waiting til after the first 200 years of christianity , christianity has a history of engaging in politics and a history of forced conversion that is 400 years longer than islam 's . 
  islam protected monotheists , while christians forced conversion upon muslims and jews in their territory . 
  you also ignore the role of the papacy , the patriarchy in the orthodox churches , and the institutionalization of christian politics across all of europe and all of the colonized territories by colonial powers . 
  so while christianity did start with the martyr 's , when christianity replaced the cult of mithra in roman courts and military circles it inherently became political and has been since . 
  and christianity is n't ? 
  i 'll keep an eye out for this man . 
  i appreciate the perspective . 
   there 's no way i can believe if part of spain 's foreign policy was handled by portuguese , french or dutch ( for example ) politicians they would n't abuse their position to improve their own countries ' position at the cost of my own . 
  i find this peculiar as an american and as a person in a federalized government . 
  while states do compete with each other , we do n't go out of our way to destroy each other , because we know interstate commerce and common interest is what created our great economy . 
  do you think it 's a nationalistic thing that would cause such destructive competition ? 
  if so why ? 
  i do n't mean to question you . 
  i just am intrugued . 
  interesting perspective . 
  what are the cons in your mind towards eu federalization ? 
  i said if . 
  implying that if further federalization occurred and it was a single country , would you suddenly have no problems with bureaucrats of different nationalities ? 
  if the eu was a country , would the bureaucrats really be foreign ? 
  florida for constitutional amendments for one . 
  we also have to get approval from our supreme court on the language of the amendment .
