  yeah right , especially when it comes to the two examples i have chosen . 
  no difference at all for the budget . 
   we germans still do n't have a constitution , because the basic law ( our replacement for it ) requires us to vote on it after the reunification . 
  oh please . 
  by the same token the uk does not have a constitution . 
  that 's some top-class tinfoil-hat bullshit . 
   greece never spent more than 45 % of gdp through public budgets , less than eg . 
  germany . 
  yeah , so what ? 
  germany has a much higher gdp/person , so it can afford a large public sector without going ever deeper into debt . 
  the efficiency of the public sector ( tax collection , cadastre ... ) is also way different . 
  yeah , wapo `` wonkblog '' , i am not suprised . 
  that 's krugman 's bullhorn and all they know is `` drop money from helicopters and the economy will recover '' . 
  keep them in . 
  not because of `` cradle of europe '' or some romanticism like that , but because - the european union always was more than just a common market . 
  it always had a social component ( cf. 
  cohesion funds , structural aid ) and letting them fall in cold blood is betraying that social aspect . 
  - the current government is only partly responsible for what is going on . 
  they inherited a country with an extremely unhealthy mix of corruption , tax-avoidance and cronyism . 
  true , they did everything in their might to make the other parts worse , but corruption and cronyism do n't seem their strong side ( yet , maybe ) - in a currency union there will be crises . 
  just letting member states in crisis crash out of the eur endangers its long-time survival . 
  - having a bankrupt and maybe failed state in the union or directly at the door does not benefit anyone . 
  letting them crash out of the eur will not solve the main problems - the country will still be broke and the eu will have to do something . 
  - the eu has a proud tradition in stabilizing post-dictatorship members . 
  destabilizing one betrays that tradition . 
  - the troika has a lot of leverage it could use to enforce good governmental principles in the next decades . 
  not so if greece has to default . 
  so that guy predicted the death of the eu 10 years ago and failed . 
  now he gloatingly tries again . 
  after several 100 years , he 'll be right just by chance . 
  that 's not a strategy , that 's a disaster . 
  they want out of the eur . 
   would you expect greece to actually reform before the deal is made if a ) the institutions would consider it a unilateral move and b ) it would possibly hurt the negotiations on the side of greece ? 
  at least that would be something which would impress me . 
  owning the need to reform and going ahead instead of constantly talking about financial waterboarding would prove syriza actually wants to reform . 
   this is just normal diplomatic talk . 
  i am no diplomat , but that seems as far from diplomatic talk as it can possibly get . 
   that or it 's been mentioned numerous times how the creditors do n't want an economic reforms before an agreement is made with them . 
  i know and i do n't really know what to make of it , to be honest . 
  after all , the creditors did not walk when the tsipras govt re-employed previously fired civil servants . 
  so if v-man was serious , why not simply implement it and tell the creditors it 's a done deal and that 's that ? 
  hard to believe sch\u00e4uble would break off the negotiations over something he fought so hard for in germany , 
   i also tabled a radical proposal for a legislated debt brake mechanism that , triggered by an independent fiscal council , would automatically reduce all state outlays by the degree necessary to set the state back on course toward some pre-agreed primary target . 
  just implement it then ? 
   i presented to the eurogroup well thought-out proposals for debt swaps that would allow greece to re-enter the capital markets and to partake of the european central bank 's asset-purchasing programme ( commonly know as quantitative easing ) . 
  that 's basically free rein for increasing debt with the ecb holding the bag . 
   this concerns private copies , so unless the police are doing home searches it is n't really enforcable i am not sure , this also concerns the capability of eg . 
  itunes to rip a cd and store it on your iphone . 
  the writer of the article is the most anti-euro commentator there is . 
   you are offering more than your government is offering for less than what the greek government is currently offering . 
  i know and to an extend i think the troika demands make total sense like holding a gun to tsipras head to force an investor-friendly policy and a reform of the public service ( taking a page out of estlands book and going full computer , implement , implement a working cadastre and tax authority ) . 
  however , if someone is standing on a bridge and holding his family over the side , it 's not the time for telling him about his tax invoice . 
  syriza is currently threatening economical suicide , simply telling them to jump is somewhat irresponsible , imo . 
   they have to pick one . 
  well that 's part of the problem , they voted for both . 
   they want to see these rebel klephts hanged from the columns of the parthenon -- or impaled as ottoman forces preferred uh oh , you should lay off the claret , ambrose ... 
  yeah , this is one of the things that turned me more conservative in the last 10 years . 
  not all on the left are like that , but there is a sizable percentage that are completely blind when it comes to specific problems with immigration . 
  you 'll be labeled racist and people stop listening , there is virtually no discussion possible . 
  that seems a bit one-sided . 
  sunni extremist imams seem to have little problem with terrorists blowing up either non-muslims or shi'ites . 
  and vice versa . 
  so , some mosques are indeed fertile ground for radicalization . 
  he could call abbott . 
  that guy is not afraid to shirtfront extremists !, 
  interesting . 
  if i were the greek gov ` t , i 'd call this guy to invite him over to elaborate on this . 
  but what 's that supposed to mean :  neither you nor your creditors seem to understand what enables an economy to prosper . 
  you 're not alone -- the confusion is global . 
  when the u.s. elects a new president in two years , this will change, 
  i still hope that there will be a temporary deal : greece gets a lifeline till end of the year and in return , tsipras promises to deliver at least some business-friendly laws . 
  meanwhile , the creditors and greece talk about a debt cut or third `` bailout '' package . 
  considering how poisoned the atmosphere is , it could well be the troika wants a full commitment to the agreed measures , tsipras throws shoes at their heads and greece defaults . 
  regardless of the outcome , i see about another two years of misery and then accelerating growth . 
  how would you go about that ? 
   if they wanted to justify their presence , there are other things they should have addressed from day1 , such as the bi-partisan over-inflation of the public sector as a means to secure votes , [ ... ] the absence of cadastre ( in the age of google maps and 1cm accuracy gps ) . 
  i am not really sure that 's true . 
  if i remember right , then those were reforms that were agreed on back in 2010 or 2012 and just never fully implemented by the greek government ( syriza even re-hired fired public-sector employees ) . 
   that 's not the europe we wanted . 
  true . 
  some time after 1990 , the countries of the eu slowly turned nationalistic again . 
  and that 's really increasing over the last years . 
  loosely meaning defaulting on their loans . 
  not if you look for a job in one of the start-ups - a lot are english-speaking anyways . 
  or look at https://careers.mozilla.org/ for a position in their [ berlin office ] ( https://www.mozilla.org/en-us/contact/spaces/berlin/ ), 
  ok , i am no native speaker , but i do n't anything in the quote that says something about a number of parliaments . 
  come to berlin , there 's a pretty good it scene and lots of young immigrants from all over the world . 
  in romania , the paint probably would be stolen before it can be used . 
  stoppings with gyros , pay of debnts !, 
   as you can see not one of them is a fundamental change to the eu ehrm , wait a minute :  fourth is a mechanism to safeguard the interests of non-euro countries from the risk that an integrated euro zone might discriminate against them . 
   and sixth is a bigger role for national parliaments in blocking proposed eu legislation . 
  four is a stake he wants to drive through the eur 's heart . 
  if the non-ez members have the right to meddle in the affairs of the ez , that 's an open invitation to sabotage . 
  six is the ticket to block any legislation from brussels . 
  if push came to shove , i 'd be fine with all the others , but i 'd rather see britain leave then get 4 & 6 . 
  they are basically a nuclear option to destroy the eu at a whim - and britain will use it at some point . 
  seriously , zerohedge should be disallowed in / r/europe , they are that bad . 
  that was a pretty remarkable article , well sourced and all . 
  i wonder what happened to our newsmag , they seem to read blogs all of a sudden . 
  if you say so .
