  https://euobserver.com/economic/114424  so you 'd agree that europe is largely dominated by germany now ? 
  no , that 's complete bullshit as can be witnessed in the refugee crisis . 
  every country is basically doing what they want . 
  i am not out to judge the merits of that , but if europe was dominated by us , things would be different . 
  it 's mostly the smaller countries that insist on having a say in each and every decision , then turning around and blaming us that the whole eu was not following their ideas . 
  does germany have a larger influence in the eu than smaller and poorer countries ? 
  you bet - but that 's equally true internationally ( eg . 
  we were part of the iran negotiations ) . 
   about the possibility of being challenged ( and the extent of that possibility ) . 
  you can challenge everything . 
  it 's just the question if you want to pay the price . 
  was the same with the bible when rome reigned surpreme . 
   put their food where their mouth is and actively work on trying to find a solution that can pass through their `` oh-so-important-littleclub '' that 's a real and consistent problem of the eu member states ( and germany is not immune ) : everyone demands the eu works faster and better , but no one will give up power . 
  http://www.economist.com/blogs/easternapproaches/2011/11/polands-appeal-germany just one example . 
  you had it coming , guys . 
  the only bad news is for european it-startups which have to say goodbye to a lot of important cloud storage solutions . 
  come on , it 's thereg . 
  they absolutely love hyperbole and puns in their headlines . 
  still a good read most of the times . 
  german government was lobbying to close down sectors in the french industry ? 
  source please , that sounds ridiculous . 
  i bet in reality france had a really weak solar industry ( stands to reason with the percentage of nuclear you got ) and wanted the eu to protect it via tariffs . 
  dude , please . 
  back in thatcher 's time there was working relationship between thatcher and kohl . 
  also blair/schr \u00f6der had such a relationship . 
  the uk has gone mia in european matters on its own volition . 
  you ca n't vote eurosceptics in vor 10 + years and expect to play a significant role . 
  we are kind of in the same situation like the usa globally . 
  damned if we do , damned if we do n't . 
  if we do n't have a strong military , poland is upset because we do n't do enough to defend them against the russians . 
  if we have a strong military , they are upset because hitler/stalin pact . 
  if our wages explode and the economy crumbles , everyone is pissed because we are endangering the eurozone . 
  if our wages are suppressed and the economy booms , everyone is pissed because we are endangering the eurozone . 
  for guys like farage we play the role of the devil which is to blame for everything going wrong in europe . 
  and populists in countries from greece to france find an easy scapegoat as well . 
  if only we could reap the benefits of local domination like the usa does worldwide ... 
  i do n't really think current happenings there are that funny . 
  however , seeing one strongman showing the lesser strongman who 's the baba is kind of hilarious . 
  as poland is even stronger than germany ( according to him ) , we can keep out of that and let sweden and poland defend the baltics against russia . 
   for example the solar panel sector that merkel wanted to sell off to china , which would n't harm german economy , just french and spanish . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  at least for the german solar industry , it was impossible to compete against china ( for a variety of reasons , among them not entirely fair chinese subsidies ) . 
  and since when is the german chancellor in the business of selling off french industries ? 
  before you talk about `` us '' , your country should join nato . 
  currently you are `` them '' . 
  if your standards mean you blame everything on a scapegoat , your standards are not very high . 
  that guy hardly produces anything but bland kraut-bashing . 
  / r/europe got cancer weeks ago . 
  those pegida types ? 
  it 's not like the balkans were empty . 
  people living today have a mixed heritage . 
  so if you move to mongolia and father a child , that child has hellenic roots as well as mongolian . 
  what 's that got to do with human rights ? 
  germany is not really a secular country , unfortunately ... 
  but yeah , most people would happily torture the word to make it mean `` christianity is ok , islam is not '' . 
  do n't tell me they do n't have that in syria ? 
  yeah , but where 's the problem ? 
  it stands to reason they are right . 
  the old hellenic soldiers would have done what every army in history did : rape and abduct and maybe marry women , so genetically they probably have a hellenic ancestor too . 
  i have a hard time even getting blended coffee with robusta in it over here . 
  almost every italian-style coffee is exclusively arabica , and that makes me sad , because a trace of robusta really adds body . 
  wine festivals . 
  do n't give them ideas , i do n't want to know that definition ... 
   human rights are a nonsense anyway . 
  wow , just wow . 
  that 's some saturated armchair philosophy right there . 
  so the sunday times link / u/trucidator posted was aimed at reminding the uk regulators who runs the show . 
  and now they calm the waters a bit so they avoid undue scrutiny . 
  nice . 
  but from your own source :  on 13 september 1995 , the republic of macedonia signed an interim accord with greece [ 27 ] in order to end the economic embargo greece had imposed , amongst other reasons , for the perceived land claims . 
  amongst its provisions , the accord specified that macedonia ** would renounce all land claims to neighbouring states ' territories ** . 
  i walk away from this that it 's a completely pointless hostility where both sides are trying their best to be dicks about nothing . 
  hey , you got that reference , 
   do people even want them to be assimilated ? 
  of course , we tried with the `` well , they will be gone soon '' approach with the first wave of work migrants from turkey in the 1950 's and 1960 's . 
  that did not work so well - the native population never cared and the migrants felt they were kept out . 
  part of the problems was that we took on mainly people from rural areas with a low education to work in our industry . 
  no side ever cared to educate them or their offspring . 
   if so , how are people proposing that this happens ? 
  - migrants , especially refugees , need to learn the language . 
  - they need to learn our value system , especially when it comes to the `` live and let live '' liberalism - mainstream society needs to provide them with schooling for the kids and the resources to learn the language and our values - no segregation wherever possible . 
  - jobs , jobs , jobs . 
  - an official government/islam organization conference to strengthen moderate muslims ( unfortunately , the largest org is controlled by the turkish government ) - and lastly : crossing our fingers it will work . 
  it did work very well with vietnamese `` boat people '' in the 1980s and russians in the 1990s . 
  but there will be problems . 
  alas , they are sooo stubborn ... 
  everyone hates the neutral guy ... 
  no way , eesti can not into nordic !, 
  some people just want to see the whole world burn . 
  `` no , you are not good enough '' and now see where it got us . 
  * takes notes * . 
  thanks , that might come handy one day ... 
  but , but but ... 
  they can claim greek heritage like greece or turkey can , where 's the problem ? 
  hell , even sicily can claim greek heritage legitimately . 
  the pertinent question is if they claim rights to territory that is currently in greece , right ? 
   but yet , they are claiming even greek borders do they have territorial claims ? 
  i mean the name thing i will never understand . 
  we could try to bully around france because their name over here is frankreich , meaning empire of the franken which are a german tribe . 
  so they obviously belong to us , right ?
