  the honeymoon could well be over quickly , just like between trump and putin . 
  those authoritarian leaders are very much ego-driven . 
  if i were you , i 'd be glad if the eu stopped the government from dismantling independent justice . 
  that 's one big fat red flag your city is on a bad trajectory . 
  i would n't call an ecj injunction passive aggressive . 
  or do i misunderstand you ? 
  the eu should , as not all poles like this . 
  once governments start dismantling the rule of law , it 's the job of other countries and supranational orgs to stop them, 
  first take them to court , i 'd say . 
  they said the same about the shuttle . 
  prices went through the roof . 
  the rocket equation is a bitch to deal with . 
  learning from past mistakes also means not trying things that did n't work last time just because they are sexy . 
  the real revolution of spacex is their streamlined production . 
  people from provincial places who ca n't stand metropolitan and great cities . 
  sour grapes is all it is . 
  hey !, 
  we are working on that airport thing , honestly . 
  in just about 10 years we 'll have one of those things , promise !, 
  it probably should not be overstated since the icj 's vote will be non-binding . 
  but i am still astonished that the fall-out between europe and the uk continues even at the un level . 
   according to the internet , the bill passed in the bundestag by a large majority . 
  yes , i know . 
  i was just pointing out that none of the parties that voted for it had been open to out of area deployments of our army before . 
  as we do n't have crystal balls , it 's ridiculous to claim we voted for the war in afghanistan . 
  i kinda like the `` war on the rocks '' blog , but about every article about europe try post is rubbish . 
  they are completely pentagon-centric . 
  in the case of afghanistan : nope . 
  the last federal election was in 98 . 
   because the `` marriage '' in the constitution is still the hetero marriage at least in my copy of the german constitution , neither heterosexuality is mentioned nor does it define who is allowed to marry whom . 
  which made it possible to open marriage without a supermanority . 
  what * is * missing is an amendment to art 3.3 to protect sexual orientation . 
  but we 'll be waiting forever for that . 
  but then they still would not enjoy the special protection provision in the constitution . 
  `` rabid feminist chews foreskin off helpless baby '', 
  it all depends on productivity . 
  wages have to be roughly the same only between countries of similar productivity . 
  so , if the productivity per work hour has improved in slovakia over the last years , there 's no harm if their wages go above those in other cee countries . 
   was built in the early 1970s the original building would n't have burned down in the same way because the cladding in question was added only last year . 
   i bet canary wharf and the gherkin have sprinklers . 
  obviously , since they are for the rich . 
  omg , why am i living in germany again ? 
  oh right , because i am not rich enough to retire in the mediterranean , that 's why . 
  i am really not sure v4 is going to help . 
  if you as a smaller country want to achieve goals , those should be positive goals . 
  simply trying to stall the bigger guys is not going to work forever - case in point deeper political and economical integration . 
  if ( and that 's a big if ) france and germany really want to go that way , v4 is not going to be powerful enough to stop it ultimately , if only because the more you are trying to prevent others from following their aims , the more marginalized you will be . 
  sometimes , it is better to ride the tiger and be inside than trying to stop things - ireland is probably one example of a smallish country that does relatively well in the eu and emu ( yes , i know what germany did , but otoh , ireland has an extremely high standard of living now and its voice is heard , eg . 
  when it comes to brexit ) . 
  oh , absolutely . 
  this is nothing but a moment of respite for the eur . 
  but with all eyes focused on the problem the uk and their currency face , a bit of a calm for the emu to fix their problems is good news . 
  those problems could be fixed more easily in a time of optimism - i just hope our politicians do n't get complacent over it . 
  i am still hoping for some chuck or igor to be just a bit too patriotic and testosterone-laden . 
  i want to see some dog-fights and s-400 action !, 
  so , this time russia and assad did n't get the chance to level cities ? 
  bad , big murrica . 
  oh yeah , russia will totally train their target radars on us fighters . 
  sure thing . 
  no massive attack on a nato member state is going to stay conventional for long . 
  with or without the usa . 
  what else do you expect if there are mass demonstrations against government which start to get violent and try to do a reverse maidan ? 
  i do n't claim this is the only way things could develop , but this is my personal horror scenario because it might lead to a huge war . 
  not that i believe russia would be dumb enough to try that , but if they did , things would get nasty . 
  i simply do n't believe in a massive russian invasion in the face of nuclear-tipped missiles devastating their military infrastructure and troop concentrations right behind the border . 
  actually , that was [ one pillar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/force_de_dissuasion ) of the french strike force during cold war :  since the french military judged that a full-scale invasion of western europe by the soviet union and its warsaw pact allies was unlikely to be stopped by conventional armaments , these short-range nuclear missiles were meant as a `` final warning '' ( ultime avertissement in french ) which would tell the aggressor that any further advances would trigger a nuclear armageddon upon its major cities and other important targets . 
  since then , this role has been taken over by [ air launched cruise missiles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/air-sol_moyenne_port%c3%a9e ) . 
  so , maybe you 'd like to tone down your sarcasm and think about the changes in weaponry the 20 ^ th century gave us . 
  things like operation barbarossa are simply no longer possible . 
  that 's my nightmare scenario : uprisings in two baltic states coupled with a big-ass russian sea maneuver at kaliningrad and st. petersburg . 
  nato troops would have to secure critical infrastructure while the local police and military would take out demonstrators . 
  then russia would add a handful of agents provocateurs and * voil\u00e1 * shit would start flying real fast . 
  the only hope would be to drown the countries with quick reaction force troops while flying armed patrols at russia 's border . 
  but then , situations like that can spiral out of control . 
  no , not as long as france and the uk honor their treaty obligations . 
  there 's only a handful of cases of armed conflict between states possessing nukes - and those were mostly skirmishes . 
  politico.eu is one of the worst of the `` serious '' sites when it comes to clickbaity headlines and articles . 
  they are always sensationalist , but frequently their claims lack substance . 
   and i definitely do n't see the need to celebrate it . 
  well , then do n't , nobody is pressing you to do so ? 
  others might think different where they are concerned , but this is n't a problem , is it ? 
  ok , i 'll leave you to your temper tantrums . 
  have fun . 
  that 's a false dichotomy . 
  why should those on the csd rallies stop going there just because demonstrations against radical islam only mobilize a couple of hundred or thousands . 
  the csd/rainbow parades are everything radical islam hates , so i guess you simply do n't want to see them . 
  it will come , unless we are living in a time like the 1920 's and the relative liberty all over the western world ends in tears again . 
  but if not , i have no doubt we will see a gradual shift towards a more relaxed and accepting way of life over the whole of europe . 
  it took 30y to get there over here , and i think it will take quite some time in your and other cee countries , as a new generation has to come into positions of power - a generation that is no longer afraid of lgbt people . 
  i absolutely agree with you , we are not in the position to lead a bunch of nationalist countries who only want money from us and care shit about common goals . 
  that 's why we should team up with france and leave you to your pals from v4 . 
  i am sure you will do very well leading the eu , you are doing great coordinating with the other three . 
  if you look for leadership , go kiss some ass in russia or the usa or uk - i hear in the uk they like poles very much . 
  we just had this in berlin ( called `` kirchentag '' over here ) and no one was bothered . 
  as it should be . 
  because bitterness is somehow deeper and more profound ? 
  see , you are making my point exactly : `` please lead , but on * our * terms , else we will sabotage you . '', 
  that 's why we should not even try to lead that kindergarten , just do our thing . 
  the smaller countries can either follow or not . 
  `` die sicherheit der bundesrepublik deutschland wird auch am hindukusch verteidigt . `` that 's the idiotic outcome of the idea we need to intervene across the globe .
