  as you certainly know , nato forces in the east are in rotation to not violate the nato/russia treaty . 
  - http://www.aco.nato.int/raf-hands-over-nato-air-policing-to-luftwaffe-at-amari--estonia.aspx - http://www.bundesregierung.de/content/en/artikel/2014/09_en/2014-09-01-air-policing-baltikum-bundeswehr_en.html - http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/feb/05/nato-rapid-reaction-force-counter-russia-ukraine ( below the map , we are leading this year ) - http://www.defence24.com/233376,bundeswehrs-quick-reaction-forces-arrive-in-poland-nato-spearhead-is-being-deployed, 
  no , they were just renamed to `` anschluss '' and `` full reichtangle '', 
  i guess that 's why we have tanks , fighter planes and soldiers in eastern europe , to stab you in the back . 
  sure , keep telling that to yourself . 
  nothing to see here , they were paid by the international leftist conspiracy for the photo . 
  so that makes him wrong , huh ? 
  or did you just shit on him to avoid engaging his arguments ? 
  i wonder what kind of mental gymnastics one has to go through to arrive at bullshit like that . 
  this is great news , i hope all the counties in the balkan region tiptoe towards reconciliation . 
  just give russia a call , they 'll help you balancing germany, 
  uhm , not to sound rude , but that 's something that 's better reserved for the kids of charlemagne . 
  that really only makes sense if you are looking at federalization in the long run , and in the present you trust the other guys to lead your boys . 
  something like the [ brigade we have with the brothers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-german_brigade ) left of the rhine ? 
  or its extension , the [ eurocorps ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurocorps ) ? 
  our little bro 's , the netherlands . 
  sure , at least on reddit : https://www.reddit.com/r/austriahungary/ , 
  what an asshole . 
  still is bitching about hearing german and only grudgingly admits we can do good too . 
  we are going on a vacation there , they are so nice < 3, 
  ahhhh good old pervitin . 
  would keep you going like a tank through belgium . 
  you could create your own multi-reddit ... 
   article 151 tec 1 . 
  the union shall contribute to the flowering of the cultures of the member states , while respecting their national and regional diversity and at the same time bringing the common cultural heritage to the fore . 
  action by the union shall be aimed at encouraging cooperation between member states and , if necessary , supporting and supplementing their action in the following areas : - #improvement of the knowledge and dissemination of the culture and history of the european peoples , - #conservation and safeguarding of cultural heritage of european significance , - #non - commercial cultural exchanges , - #artistic and literary creation , including in the audiovisual sector . 
  the union and the member states shall foster cooperation with third countries and the competent international organisations in the sphere of culture , in particular the council of europe . 
  the union shall take cultural aspects into account in its action under other provisions of the treaties , in particular in order to respect and to promote the diversity of its cultures . 
  in order to contribute to the achievement of the objectives referred to in this article : - #the european parliament and the council acting in accordance with the ordinary legislative procedure and after consulting the committee of the regions , shall adopt incentive measures , excluding any harmonisation of the laws and regulations of the member states , - #the council , on a proposal from the commission , shall adopt recommendations so where does this contradict art . 
  is this some `` hurr durr cultural genocide '' crap ? 
   i really do n't think that dropping schengen is actually that useful here . 
  no , but a lot of people ( especially from outside ) want a pretext ( any pretext ) to dismantle schengen . 
  why they not just look at the us is beyond me - you guys have a lot of illegal migration and yet have not erected border posts on all state borders . 
  in the end , it boils down to people being afraid of having to deal with an unmanageable problem - which i understand . 
  i just do n't know if the problem really is unmanageable and if compartmentalization in the form of closed borders between member states would help . 
  i expected nothing else of a muslim . 
  so , after glees , the idiots are coming out of the woods ? 
  great . 
  something , something muslims , white genocide . 
  it 's what happens if a subreddit goes default in a geographical region . 
  all the sludge gets dredged up and muddies the waters . 
  lots of intelligent contributors flee for the mountains and the bydlo crowd takes over . 
  with the impassivity of the mods , i doubt it gets better soon . 
  article 14 , if you want to know . 
  yes , it is binding . 
  yes , even for poland . 
  molotov , the name is molotov !, 
  do n't you guy learn anything under obarmer ? 
  yes , it sucks that balanced voices get buried in the choir of redneck voices . 
  but in the end , it 's just a web forum and ephemeral up - or downvotes . 
  i am just glad there are others who think like i do and make their opinion heard , it sure makes things easier . 
  emo-what ? 
  that 's a very well-thought out idea . 
  yes , there 's a lot of problems with german or foreign large companies incorporating as societees europeens ( se 's ) and shifting revenues between member states to minimize tax payments . 
  there 's a certain analogy in us companies like apple that never repatriate profits to avoid having to pay us taxes . 
  since we also have a lot of multi-nationals , and also comparatively high taxes , that 's a problem for the german tax authority . 
  however , the german tax system has one fundamental weakness , in that it tries to be just to everyone , every time . 
  that 's something the english common law system does better imo - it prioritizes concrete precedence cases instead of trying to come up with blanket regulations for every conceivable situation . 
  in the end , that 's what make the german tax system unmanageable without the help of tax consultants and computer systems . 
   the thing is i can see how some of their arguments hold some weight . 
  nord stream 1 for example . 
  but an open discussion on the matter goes much further than `` germany is evil nazis !! '', 
  well yes . 
  i try to put myself in other people 's shoes and of course a country like germany with at least a lot of regional influence draws a lot of criticism - some valid , other less so . 
  that 's the thing about europe , everyone is super-sensitive about other countries eating their breakfast , but really few people see that we all have to compromise all the time to make shit work . 
   fingers crossed people leave you alone while traveling . 
  that can get very annoying very quickly . 
  naw , i am an old fart and unfortunately ca n't just travel as a backpacker any more . 
  this year we visited greece and people were super-positive about germany and the eu at large , it was very uplifting . 
  there 's more to the world than reddit or / r/europe . 
  btw , do i recognize your nick from ycombinator news fame ? 
  if yes , i am completely thrilled  anyway , thanks . 
  i think i got to be way more patient , and you just nudged me . 
   or is there anything that im missing ? 
  except for the whole fucking context ? 
  no , nothing . 
  oh wait , the fucking universal declaration of human fucking rights that is a fucking source of law and binding to all european states ? 
  yeah well fuck that , i am an arm-chair lawyer and know stuff !, 
  wait what ? 
  this it 's either interesting or moronic . 
  i just do n't understand it, 
  it 's all good . 
  usually i am giving you guys hell for fucking up the world . 
  just today it dawned upon knee that with great power come great errors . 
  human what ? 
  go away , you are talking to a hippie kill bot, 
  a random bullshit generator would be right once too . 
  i would n't know . 
  i am just a hippie killing machine without feelings or rational thought . 
  that 's actually great , the worst of two worlds, 
  what the hell ? 
  well , usually to me it 's just a more or less anonymous internet community , not anything with real influence . 
  it usually does n't phase me at all , and having an actual life helps . 
  but yeah , the last days with all the east european venom here were somewhat taxing . 
  or stiglitz, 
   in amazon.com many products have free shipping throughout the us ... whereas here , we pay for every shipping , at least the peripheral countries . 
  but that 's exactly the thing the eu is good for . 
  they knocked down roaming charges for phone calls across europe and intend to do so for roaming data as well . 
  they take on content firms to provide content across the whole eu without discrimination . 
  at some point they will take amazon and other mail order houses to task for their shipping policy across europe .
