   you can perfectly use tactical nuclear bombs in a regular conflict well yes , but you do n't . 
  and frankly , you ca n't . 
  the potential for escalation is way too high . 
  well , every country does that . 
  turkey does it to greece , greece does it to turkey , russia to the uk , nato to russia , the usa to china and so on . 
  it 's a game of dick-waving and testing the other 's defenses . 
  now the russians know . 
  that 's a really good article despite the floral language . 
  it always saddens me to read about what the muslim world had been in the 1960s and what it became through dictators and extremists . 
   there is even an annual memorial march for latvian waffen ss seriously ? 
  wtf !, 
  i am not going to lecture you about your parties , but the symbol is pretty clearly a camouflaged swastika . 
  so there ... 
  thanks . 
  at least fascists make their symbols so that they are easily recognized . 
  do n't know what immigration quotas have to do with refugees , but whatever you say . 
  what 's that symbol on the red flag on the left ? 
  also : happy independence day , latvia , 
  russia is another case in point . 
  now they get away with an invasion and annexation . 
  but what can you do , the west ca n't freeze out turkey , russia , assad and hope to tackle isis and the refugee crisis at once . 
  no that putin has anything but indiscriminate bombings and rhetoric to offer . 
  one thing is certain , russia will not destroy isis , they will only strengthen them . 
  what kind of lousy fuckers would write an article under such a headline . 
  that pisses me off not only a little bit . 
  no , you fucking american cunts , we are not at war , even if you wish we were . 
  it 's in asterix !, 
  schweppes pineapple . 
  i am not surprised the stuff is deadly . 
  because it just works . 
  all of a sudden , everyone is best friends with erdogan . 
  with a bit more luck , isis would have destroyed the kurdish forces as well , another win for turkish nationalists . 
  because france is western europe ? 
  thanks , 
  maybe , but you could just mess up the relationship with the us for a change . 
  sure , but you wanted to leave anyways , so just do n't disturb . 
  oh shit , how much i fucked up , lol, 
  well , the man-hunt for breivik surely was fun for your police force ? 
  you could join them , it 's not like we are done with islamist and right-wing terror for the years to come ... 
  just because i make the same error all the time : `` safe neighborhood '' . 
  hum , why would it appeal to young guys who would have to become soldiers and die fighting ? 
  basically : purity and guidance . 
  we may laugh at all that shit , but i guess for the second/third-gen immigrant youth with a bad education , no feeling of having a `` native culture '' either in the european culture or the culture of the homeland of their parents , a strong and ascetic religion can feel appealing . 
  feeling ennui , fed up with too many choices , do n't know how to live your live ? 
  radical sunni islam has your bases covered and tells you exactly what to do , how to live and what to believe . 
  be tempted by sexual liberty of the west and still feel conflicted about it ? 
  islamism has a very clear message . 
  humans have a hard time dealing with too many options and lack of perspective . 
  only some become active and seek to change their situation , others become depressed or look for guidance . 
  typically , members of those gangs spend a lot of time in jail - it just fails to better them in any way . 
  and locking people away for live who do not engage in deadly crime is hard in europe ( good thing if you ask me , but others might disagree ) . 
  i do n't think so , europe is stronger than that . 
  but , we are entering a prolonged phase of darkness , doubt , and strife thanks to primal reflexes . 
  are you daft or which part of `` human rights '' did n't you understand ? 
  it 's two fucking words , einstein . 
  dude , she ai n't coming back . 
  his job now is the kid ( that 's where part of her and her love lives on ) , you are clearly not a parent . 
   the sky is falling !, 
  there 's more to come , but since they have reportedly pulled the introduction of some of their new models , that alone would affect sales . 
  thanks , always good to have someone from the country chime in !, 
   and service exports are not our strength . 
  how come , after all , you have a well-educated population , so services would seem logical ? 
  thanks , til , 
   we ca n't be beaten considering the holes in the guy , i 'd say the title says `` we can be beaten , yes , but we 'll still not stop our lifestyle '' . 
  not to poke fun at portugal , but what kind of cooperation would that be ? 
  it 's not likely they will sell china some small islands to build bases on ... 
  well , let 's see . 
  when the usa invoked art . 
  5 , all we had to do immediately was send them some awacs and fighters if i recall right . 
  i guess this time it 's more about border security and shared intel than the luftwaffe waffing raqqa . 
   immediate details of what france will request are not clear , but the eu 's lisbon treaty says that in the case of a `` armed agression '' on any eu country , the other countries have `` an obligation of aid and assistance by all means in their power '' . 
  to be clear , this is not nato art . 
  5 , but eu mutual assistance under art . 
   because this is exactly what they want . 
  i know , right ? 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  guy has a point there . 
  unfortunately , we now have the second or even third generation of palestinians growing up in poverty and without good education . 
  it will take at least another generation to get them back on track , even if israel would stop making their lives miserable tomorrow . 
  i * think * ( but i could be wrong here ) that finland has a rather narrow industrial base , though - lots of wood products , but little diversification . 
  that could make it hard to compensate for the loss of the nokia phone business that was eaten by apple/google . 
   we should be mad and angry and we should be loud about it . 
  to do isis a favor , why not carpet-bomb their cities , will teach them a lesson !, 
  stripping them of their only nationality would not fly with the human rights courts . 
  what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  he tells them `` i do n't care about you , i have more important stuff to attend to in my life '' . 
   `` one can unequivocally say that it was a terrorist act , '' alexander bortnikov , the head of russia 's fsb security service , told a meeting chaired by president vladimir putin , according to a transcript published on the kremlin 's web site . 
   the fsb said traces of explosives were found in the plane 's debris . 
  nothing . 
  france will not call for tens of thousands of troops , but specialists and fighter jets + pilots . 
  yeah , and then we corrected that and everyone was butthurt . 
  usually , price demand elasticity means those imports get less - and for the most goods , a country like finland has domestic producers which can step in . 
  it 's not like germany is calling anything sacred . 
  i just do n't feel we need to apologize for sticking with treaties - a concept that seems to have fallen out of fashion lately , it seems . 
  if you guys need an exception to every rule , start a union with greece . 
  well , it could also be that other partners simply do n't share your ideas of tossing some principles over board willy-nilly . 
  in that case , you better quit membership . 
  the smaller an economy , the more its currency tends to fluctuate against one of the big boys - speculation , hedge funds , political decisions create huge waves . 
  this hurts the economy because companies have to ( especially in smaller economies ) source materials across the border and also want to sell there . 
  currency fluctuations make it difficult to calculate your prices abroad keep them steady enough for your customers .
