  and they are too inexperienced to successfully divide the other ez countries . 
   just actually doing a bit more than just talking . 
  like ... ? 
  maybe sanctions ? 
   because why should the separatist give a damn about it ? 
  they are supplied and armed by russia . 
  once russia closes the border , they are at kiev 's mercy . 
   the `` call of duty '' generation is not capable of critical thinking or even having an opinion without having clear villain good to have you as an example of how to differentiate . 
  imported goods like tv sets , iphones , samsung galaxy 's , notebooks , oil , gas will get more expensive , while european companies can make more money exporting goods . 
  in every capital there are constantly choppers flying around , does n't mean anything . 
  i guess big p just has a cold and now everyone falls over themselves to find clues that he was taken out back and shot in the head . 
   you mean from a moral standpoint ? 
  exactly , because more than once , lump sum payments to a country have not reached the ones they were destined for ( not talking about the money we paid to greece in the 1960 's , i have no idea if it was for victim compensation and if it reached the victims )  also , from a practical standpoint , you do realise this is a can of worms , right ? 
  sure , but we managed to [ find and compensate ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/germany-to-pay-772-million-euros-in-reparations-to-holocaust-survivors-a-902528.html ) a number of holocaust and ghetto survivors , so why not . 
  i have some doubts , but more power to them ... 
  i think this article criticizes syriza for first promising things they could not ever fulfill and furthermore for going into the negotiations pretty much unprepared and with unrealistic ideas about the weight their democratic mandate carries . 
  a strong moral case is nice , but if you are dealing with 18 countries and depend on their good-will , you 'd better learn how to build coalitions , drive a wedge between other countries and isolate the leader . 
  in that case , getting france on their side against germany . 
  i think that 's entirely too negative . 
  germany * is * speaking up against violence . 
  our politicians were or are mediating in most severe conflicts ( russia/ukraine , iran , palestine/israel ) . 
  i still do n't understand why our guys had to bomb fuel trucks in afghanistan and i do n't think we were needed or helpful there . 
  yeah , that truly sucks . 
  modern technology , genetic engineering , robotics , nanotech ? 
  all considered evil . 
  as if we could build a top-notch economy on building cars forever ... 
  there are at least three claims : - the 0 % loan . 
  this we maybe should pay back , depending on the juridical situation which i do n't fully understand . 
  however , only the principal , the greek claim to interest is lunacy . 
  - war reparations . 
  i have little sympathies for those . 
  - individual compensations for victim 's families . 
  those we should definitely pay , even if their leverage is zero . 
   politicians repeatedly stating that the matter has been settled definitively is simply not true as demonstrated in the article . 
  then some country should take us to court over it . 
  i do n't care either way , if a court finds reparations are due , we should pay . 
  but i have little sympathy for blanket claims like that . 
  if anything , we should have paid individuals compensation , and we still should . 
   in addition to that , it directly counters the false claims that greece should have asked for them decades ago and now it 's too late no , not really . 
  there was no final settlement back then and there is none now . 
  so , the only chance greece ( and other countries , i mean with due respect , but poland suffered much worse damage ) had was at the 2 +4 talks . 
  doubtful there 'll ever be hard facts that actually prove right one side or the other . 
  the remains of the plane have been tampered with , no one had a chance to secure traces of the alleged buk telar . 
  the appearing and disappearing social media posts about the downed plane to me are the most damning evidence , but of course they are no proof either . 
   thus , the obligation of germany to pay reparations was not written off by the london agreement of 1953 . 
  not taking sides , but the critical sentence is `` shall be deferred until the final settlement of the problem of reparation . '' . 
  germany won full sovereignty back in 1990 with the 2 +4 treaty and will not seek a final settlement on reparations , ever . 
  for this reason , there will never be a peace treaty if germany is not forced to sign one . 
  so , according to germany , the reparation claims have not been written off with the london agreement but will never be settled either . 
  our propensity to lecture each and everybody about what 's right and wrong . 
  and the permanent negativity when it comes to technology , science , progress . 
  but do n't you see that guys like stratfor are taken serious even if they write the worst junk ? 
  there is a real danger that unfounded speculation is taken as truth and acted upon in the west . 
  that 's why i do n't like kremlinology , even though i dig the jigsaw-puzzle aspects . 
  i am a bit older and still remember the ussr kremlinology . 
  it was pure superstition - this guy wears a different badge , so this means that a whole weapons development program has been cancelled . 
  in the above example : they insist that putin is not ill , so this can either mean he is very ill or not ill at all . 
  the presence of military leaders could be connected or not . 
  could have told ya , there are not many alternatives . 
   the insistence that putin was not ill might be intended , [ ... ] as a signal that he is quite ill . or it might be pointing to the fact that putin is really not ill [ ... ] . 
  the presence of the senior military and intelligence leaders in crimea [ ... ] may have no connection , or it may have a deep connection . 
  kremlinology was and is such a bullshit . 
  i do n't know if there was/is a correct solution , to be honest . 
  ugh , this is pretty scathing . 
  however , with each day passing , i fear grexis draws closer . 
  march/april will be tough . 
  i bet every institution from the ecb to the head of the commission has a grexit plan drawn up - london and berlin admitted so . 
  why do n't you crawl back to stormfront or pi-news or some other ossi-forum ? 
  because they totally started ww ii . 
   i think greece would have positive long-term prospects . 
  at this moment in time i ca n't see where the positives are going to come from for the eurozone . 
  well , i concur on both statements . 
  in the very long-term , greece would grow faster out of the eur zone , that 's for sure . 
  how the country could get there , i do n't know , however , because for the immediate and medium future , i see total chaos ( as i outlined in my other comment ) . 
  the only positives from the eur zone i can see are not raiders attacking their currency ( which might happen immediately after introducing an own currency ) and just maybe a growth program after the dust has settled . 
  i know there are no indications for this , but i am pretty surprised that the eu has left greece hang out to dry without promises for well-behaving . 
  that 's a bit contrary to the eu [ social agenda ] ( http://europa.eu/legislation_summaries/employment_and_social_policy/social_agenda/em0010_en.htm ) . 
  i 'll quote it here , just for shits and giggles - creating new opportunities in the employment market ; - facilitating access to education , social protection , health care and quality services for all ; - developing solidarity at the heart of european society , so to foster social inclusion and equal opportunities for all . 
  ahem , i find the contrast between those words and the reality in greece somewhat striking . 
  maybe after the immediate debt crisis is calmed , someone in brussels remembers those lofty goals ... 
  actually you do . 
  i doubt greece really has a chance to leave the eur without really dramatic consequences . 
  correct me if i am wrong , but i believe : - leaving the eur would enforce a sovereign default because the new currency would instantly devalue and debt/gdp would therefore go through the roof - defaulting would cut them off from private lending and of course from eurozone and imf loans and financial help . 
  - with empty coffers and no way to lend , they could not defend their financial institutions and therefore the financial sector would implode . 
  - knock-on effects of a destabilized financial sector to the real economy is what caused the troubles in 2007-2010 . 
  same would happen . 
  - the only way out would be capital controls and a bail-in like in cyprus . 
   if anything , greece is more valuable to the euro than the euro is to greece even from a british journalist , this is appallingly dumb and unfounded . 
  very well , as i expected , germany used to be the biggest source of foreign direct investment : http://www.investingreece.gov.gr/default.asp?pid=21 so , very clever to spook german investors . 
  exactly , this is a problem , but it does not absolve them from responsibility . 
  i 'd believe there must have been smaller parties with more integrity . 
  i am really sorry . 
  oettinger is a complete tool . 
  he only was nominated to the commission so he he can do no more damage at home . 
  germany : - darmstadt ( colon town ) - schweinfurt ( hogsford ), 
  yes !, 
  i am not always a fan of mom 's politics , but not attending the parade and still remembering a day later is exactly the right thing to do . 
   occupied for 40 years ? 
  we got our full independence back in 1990 . 
   under these current agreements creditors have waaaaay less control over the debtor than under the 1953 agreement .
