  or in his incredibly easy world , i just have to pay more to a private army than the slaver so my child would be protected . 
  leaving the job to publicly-funded police which should treat anyone equally is violence after all . 
   the current opposition used the exact same `` negotiating '' tactic of calling a referendum when they were in power in 2011 i know . 
  and tsipras was back then railing against the referendum like crazy . 
   i 'm not sure on what legal basis they would call for an injunction anyway . 
  `` the head of the council of europe , europe 's top human rights institution , says greece 's referendum would fall short of international standards if held as planned on sunday . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jul/01/greek-debt-crisis-creditors-consider-next-moves-after-imf-default-live#block-5593dd5fe4b08f71d0eba444 ) now i have no idea if this would stand in court , but it would be worth a try . 
   the english translation ( which was sent to foreign journalists ) is hardly relevant to the voters , the greek people , who all understand greek just fine . 
  the error occurred [ in translating the english text to greek ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-07-01/it-s-not-all-greek-to-voters-as-key-debt-document-mistranslated ) , not vice versa . 
  so that 's pretty official . 
  do n't get him started . 
  ancaps are really the worst if you yank their chain . 
  next thing he 'll tell you that child labor is a great thing , a functioning social welfare system is violence and everyone should carry guns to make us all safer . 
  money comes from the esm , the european stability mechanism which is guaranteed by the ez member states . 
  and the imf , where different countries , even from other continents are shareholders . 
  and the ecb , which will have to be recapitalized by ez member states . 
  heh , [ you got a point there ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jul/01/greek-debt-crisis-creditors-consider-next-moves-after-imf-default-live#block-5593c2a7e4b075e173d5336e ) :  germany 's sch\u00e4uble says i always kept to what we agreed , to our rules , if everyone had done the same , greece would not be in such a desperate situation but there 's more to it i believe . 
  ever since the us has gone on the qe binge , it seems to hate everyone with a more conservative approach . 
  and us journos seem to absolutely love to find archetypes for everything . 
  even if they do n't really fit well . 
   thank you for all the money . 
  : d you 're welcome ... no seriously , in this times , romania is one of the few countries making positive headlines . 
  you guys keep it up then it 's absolutely worth the money we spent . 
  after all , i still believe in the value of the eu to stabilize countries and help them stay on track . 
  if there is a yes vote , that is . 
  also :  the head of the council of europe , europe 's top human rights institution , says greece 's referendum would fall short of international standards if held as planned on sunday . 
  an opposition should not let undemocratic referenda pass . 
  something something bitcoin austrian deflation gold standard, 
   most likely joining brics bank as the 6th member . 
  could someone enlighten me finally what joining an international investment bank is going to do to solve the current problems of greece ? 
  long-term ok , but the current mess needs short-term solutions as well . 
  the only `` plan b '' that makes sense to me is to crash out of the eur . 
  and what good would brics bank do to greece ? 
  blog spam , real source is [ here ] ( http://globalriskinsights.com/2015/06/is-a-trade-war-brewing-between-russia-and-kazakhstan/ ), 
   ** apart from a few details ** , the situation resembles the present standoff between greece and the european union . 
  yeah totally . 
  like not very much . 
   during their war against sparta , the athenians demanded that melos join the delian league . 
  exactly like kohl drove a leopard to the syntagma to force greece to join the euro zone . 
   member states , unable to secede , were subject to athenian dictate and forced to pay annual tribute . 
  we do something wrong if the overlord is paying annual tribute to the league . 
  i do n't know what 's up , but the anglo/american press is getting ever more shrill about this whole mess . 
   people are fed up of the traditional ruler class i fear this is exactly the situation that brought syriza to power in greece . 
  but of course you know your country better , so let 's hope this goes well . 
   council of europe : conditions of greek referendum fall short of international standards . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jul/01/greek-debt-crisis-creditors-consider-next-moves-after-imf-default-live#block-5593d8bee4b08f71d0eba42b it 's turning into an incredibly tragic farce . 
  i 'd be hardly able to fulfill it , but that was not the question . 
  yeah , but i fail to see the point in this you take tax advisors that know the tax code in their home country and send them to a country with a different tax code and completely different mindset about paying taxes . 
  they then appear to the local colleagues like a colonial force . 
  they effect what ? 
  nothing . 
  because none of us would get the job in the first place ? 
  it 'd work for them , but to get a job there you need great connections and should be a senior politician , lawyer or diplomat . 
  why reddit is so lenient about lagarde , i do n't understand . 
  everyone should pay taxes , traditionally the elite had too many ways to reduce their tax burden our completely avoid them . 
  glad that this is changing . 
  any opposition worth their salt would seek an injunction against holding the referendum at this point . 
  do you really think he belongs to the rational fraction of syriza , ? 
  i have some doubts . 
  at this point , i have to agree . 
  reportedly , merkel and him got along fine personally , but sch\u00e4uble and dijselbloom want regime change and will push for it . 
  but they already raised the pension age ? 
  from the appeal :  eu leaders , you must lead the way out of this dangerous gridlock . 
  you must move the eu forward . 
   we urge you to agree on a new deal : a deal that concentrates on the reforms in taxation , public administration , the fight against corruption and for a new economic dynamic . 
  a deal that abstains from pro-cyclical austerity measures, 
  denmark , i have danish friends . 
  and i know nothing about finland , except that they make strange films . 
   the one good thing coming from this is that podemos in spain will probably take a hit . 
  doubtful . 
  this whole `` the big bad institutions and the fat cats in northern europe stifling a small heroic southern country '' is going to blow up big time in the next spanish elections . 
  the ez will not finally accept it before the referendum . 
  either greece cancels it or they start with the final negotiations , draft a new `` bailout '' packages ( the old one is no longer on the table ) and then wait for the dimopsifisma result . 
  airbus should be a private enterprise generating money , not a money-sink to bolster european or french national pride . 
  throwing money on contests about dick-size ( or plane-size in that case ) benefits no one . 
  concorde was an environmental horror show , killed a couple of people and in essence was a toy for the super-rich to go shopping in nyc . 
  [ best explanation i have seen ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/3bhwij/what_is_going_on_in_greece/csmdlng ), 
  sure , it 's just not useful for airbus ' balance sheet because it does not break even . 
  that 's why there are persistent rumors it will be cancelled . 
  when airbus pushed ahead with the a380 , boeing started with the 787 with 1100 orders . 
  the a380 has just under 320 orders and the a350 730 . 
  so , to arrive at the same number of orders , airbus had to develop two planes . 
  seems that project was indeed as dumb as boeing thought it was . 
  reportedly our beloved finance minister and ez overlord sch\u00e4uble is already working on a bankruptcy charter for ez countries . 
  so maybe something will come out of this crisis . 
  however , you can not just give greece the right to use iou 's , i guess . 
  most likely that would involve treaty changes and they are hard . 
  all aid would have to go through the parliaments , which is not impossible but costs time . 
  splendid idea , it 's not like infringing on the sovereignty of greece is going to sour the mood there even more . 
  while we 're at it , why do n't we simply reposes some of the islands ? 
  lucky you . 
  the fuckers at the swiss border wanted to arrest me because they had never seen the ( then new ) german european passport and thought i was faking . 
  the danes pulled us over at a family vacation and searched our car while we as children were pretty frightened . 
  * sigh * you do understand the article was about iceland , not greece or germany ? 
  while i do agree , it is important not to glorify iceland as an anti-capitalist , anti-institution example . 
  or that they got off easily without austerity or hardship . 
  - there still are capital controls in place . 
  - they called in the imf . 
  * that * imf ? 
  exactly .
