   they were n't working then , they are n't working now i do n't think that 's true . 
  they however need much more time than previously thought . 
  that wo n't get better with a no-vote or a grexit - it will be years before greece will find economical footing and starts growing regularly . 
  it 's probably not written on a typewriter but in word and they have his signature as an image . 
  after all , what 's the point of printing it out and signing it with a pen if you want to send it via email ? 
  but that 's just smoke and mirrors . 
  if the other side tells me there is a hard deadline for the extension of the program coming up and after that , the money 's gone and the only chance to get more money is starting anew with a brand-new program , i would be inclined to believe them . 
  especially if i can easily look it up . 
  it 's completely clear that no deal can be struck in the next weeks . 
  so the point is moot and he sticks with no . 
  - http://www.bruegel.org/nc/blog/detail/article/1647-is-greece-destined-to-grow/ - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ease_of_doing_business_index#ranking basically the conditions for founding businesses in greece have improved and this will create jobs . 
   the true colours can only be shown in the eleventh hour . 
  well , that hour has come and passed . 
  so , the chicken game turned into a car crash . 
  what the author does not understand is that for the troika there is only money and reputation at play . 
  for greece it is belonging to the first world and reputation . 
  so the game is not symmetrical . 
  no , the point of this offer was relaxing the 15 % co-financing rules so that greece could actually spend the money . 
  out of curiosity , one question  the fact is , the referendum is burning bridges . 
  bridges we need to cross if we hope to come out of this crisis any time soon . 
  if that is how your feel , why will you vote `` no '' ? 
  after all , at least to me it is pretty clear that without help from the eu and the troika , greece is in even deeper troubles . 
  even if that help is tough love , i 'd rather not burn bridges now . 
   do you think the eurogroup would agree on the terms proposed by the tsipras government initially if they were n't a leftist party ? 
  doubtful . 
  the negotiations with the governments before were also pretty tough - i think it was papandreou who felt so humiliated that he first wanted to call a snap referendum too and then stepped down . 
  and one of merkel 's worst blunders was probably last fall , when samaras came to berlin , hat in hand and asked for some leniency and relaxation of terms . 
  reportedly he told her otherwise his government would lose power . 
  she declined , he lost power . 
   that the proposed programme is a continuation of a programme that has failed because that 's an endless discussion . 
  failed by what metric ? 
  what would have been the alternatives ? 
  just because the programme did not pan out as expected does not give greece a free ticket to do as they please in the eyes of the troika . 
  technically , i do n't think it will be hard . 
  the governing grand coalition has a broad majority and the opposition will be on board . 
  the main problem is the bavarian conservative party csu that 's part of the ruling coalition . 
  they are strictly against more money for greece and merkel will have to use a lot of persuasion to get them on board . 
  she can not just call the vote , that would piss them off royally . 
  - greece 's negotiators were encouraged or maybe mocked by the troika to hold a referendum in may if they thought they could not accept the deal . 
  they did not call one . 
  - the june 30 deadline for accepting the programme ii money was known months before , the imf payment as well . 
  they did not call the referendum before . 
  - the offer the voters can accept via `` yes '' is no longer valid , it lapsed on june 30 . 
  therefore , the referendum is kind of a farce - commonly , a referendum has at least 14 days lead time , says the council of europe . 
  7 days is problematic because there is no time for discussion and no time for the average voter to learn about the issues - the question is overly complex and technical and therefore hard to understand - there is an error in the translation in the text of the troika that 's the basis of the referendum . 
  omitting a `` no '' flips the meaning in one paragraph . 
  - less relevant but still : it was a snap decision and the negotiation partners were not involved . 
  they learned it from tv and are pissed . 
   wonkblog  germany is at fault checks out . 
   nothing can make japan recover , they are in demographic collapse . 
  you can not increase activity with a shrinking base of consumers then guess what , this is exactly what is going to happen to germany and greece over the next generation . 
  that should give you a clue why germany is fighting tooth and nail for a balanced budget - to have some leeway when the demographic disaster hits . 
  since you posted that piece , let me ask you again : did you really see the way greece is forced into line as the same thing as athens back then terrorizing smaller polis and pressuring them for tribute ? 
  is it unknown that greece receives a cool 6bn eur/year from the eu , that there are valid demographical problems that will lead to japan 's situation if more money is blown ? 
  that the euro zone is not the usa and has zero federal instruments to discipline rogue states and therefore the common rules are extremely important ? 
  is that how the partisan politics in the us have dumbed down the discourse ? 
  i 'd be genuinely interested , because i always thought the ny times was a quality paper , not a rag catering to those looking for really easy answers . 
  fair points , i am keeping my fingers crossed for spain to vote more sensibly than greece and especially for continued healthy growth !, 
   first , it 's really easy to choose 2014 ease of doing rankings when the 2015 ones conveniently do n't fit your argument . 
  not only do they show that there has been improvement yeah , because for most countries there is no rank yet . 
  fat deal achieving # 35 out of 45 or something , if the year before had  100 entries . 
   competitiveness is bad , yes , but so are our wages , which offsets this . 
  no , it is factored into competitiveness . 
   what 's the cia factbook snippet supposed to prove ? 
  that bg is facing the exact same toxic mixture of corruption and low productivity that brought greece bad luck . 
   child labor is not a great thing and nobody could say such a thing . 
  strangely enough , the guys over at mises.org find it perfectly fine . 
  in fact [ they think having laws against it is odious ] ( https://mises.org/library/trouble-child-labor-laws ) :  the first advocates of keeping kids out of factories were women 's labor unions , who did n't appreciate the low-wage competition . 
  and true to form , labor unions have been reliable exclusionists ever since . 
  that 's really evil of labor unions , excluding kids from factory-work . 
   child-labor laws were and are a blow against the freedom to work [ ... ] kids as young as 10 can surely contribute their labors in some tasks [ ... ] they will come to understand that some things are expected of them in life . 
  like they do in india , i suppose . 
  it gets [ even better ] ( https://mises.org/library/fallacy-child-labor-free ) :  for those of us with artistic sensibility , the sight and feel of an original , hand-woven oriental rug is a unique experience . 
  [ ... ] my wife and i have a special love for the rugs of northern morocco [ ... ] in the little towns where these rugs are produced , teen marriage is normal even for boys . 
  one moment i thought that maybe teen marriage and living in a underprivileged situation was a problem , but no , those cute natives find it perfectly ok . and without the dedication of their children , none of the rugs would have this delicate quality . 
   this sometimes even includes tangible expressions of parental love -- a parent who puts a child behind a loom for ten hours a day does so , not out of callous greed , but because this is what brings food to the table . 
  [ ... ] only economic development can improve the lives of these children , and nothing short of unrestricted free trade will do . 
  implementing fair trade regulations and banning child labor and making sure there 's enough money the kids can attend school are , of course , a form of violence ... , 
   secret documents  were obtained by s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung ** after they were sent to all german mps ** ok ... 
  - [ competitiveness is really bad ] ( http://reports.weforum.org/global-competitiveness-report-2014-2015/rankings/ ) , bg scores lower than all the piigs except greece . 
  - [ ease of doing business ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ease_of_doing_business_index#ranking ) is pretty bad too , if you look at the 2014 figures , 2015 seems pretty incomplete . 
   averaged more than 6 % annual growth from 2004 to 2008 , driven by significant amounts of bank lending , consumption , and foreign direct investment . 
  successive governments have demonstrated a commitment to economic reforms and responsible fiscal planning , but the global downturn sharply reduced domestic demand , exports , capital inflows , and industrial production . 
  gdp contracted by 5.5 % in 2009 , and has been slow to recover in the years since . 
  despite having a favorable investment regime , including low , flat corporate income taxes , significant challenges remain . 
  corruption in public administration , a weak judiciary , and the presence of organized crime continue to hamper the country 's investment climate and economic prospects . 
  [ cia factbook ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/bu.html ), 
  usually the brain-washing machine of the national government . 
  syriza is not a couple of poor workers , they control the state media now, 
  ugh , the worst part is that there can be no new help program now until the payment had been done . 
  well done , v-man and tsipras , the bridges are burned . 
  ugh , another failure in the making . 
  their economy is not up to it . 
  since the council is not controlled by the eu or the euro zone , i 'd expect they would . 
  [ it 's not just the germans ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/comment/ambroseevans_pritchard/11666355/bond-crash-across-the-world-as-deflation-trade-goes-horribly-wrong.html ) . 
  also japan is not recovering since about 15 years now and due to different attempts to kickstart their economy now sit on a nuclear pile of debt . 
  but that 's not my point . 
  germany might very well be wrong . 
  i just wonder why your press has turned completely hysteric ( see my first posting ) instead of at least trying to weight the arguments from both sides . 
  i suspect it is because the us gen pop just wants to go back to the credit bubble days and is looking for support .
