   why does germany have to take all the refugees from these conflict zones come on ... 
  yes it is true that the uk is a complete disappointment lately when it comes to any cooperation . 
  but someone has to step up - we can not leave turkey and jordan hanging ( they take in vastly more refugees than germany ) , or italy and greece . 
   i suppose that merkel and hollande know something that i do n't probably that in the end , any `` bailout '' or help or program gets more expensive with each day the greek economy is in free fall . 
  at some point , it will be impossible to avoid a greek default . 
  furthermore , there are payment deadlines upcoming : to the ecb and t-bills mature in july . 
  defaulting on them makes it extremely hard for the ecb to argue they can provide further liquidity to greece . 
  it 's different than in the us . 
  the ecb is not allowed to directly finance states or force transfers between member states . 
  so everyone has to pretend greece is only in temporary troubles . 
  this is already wearing mighty thin as it is , with a default , that pretext is gone . 
   about 10 days ago , greek politicians pulled out of negotiations over a third bailout intended to cover the shortfall in public finances uhm no ? 
  this was about the last installment of the second `` bailout '' package money . 
  still an interesting read , and he 's probably on to something . 
  are you an ecb employee or something ? 
  you constantly provide facts no one here seems to be aware of . 
  spot on : ** emergency voting procedure ** a voting procedure to be used when the european commission and the ecb both conclude that a failure to urgently adopt a decision to grant or implement financial assistance , as defined in articles 13 to 18 of the esm treaty , would threaten the economic and financial sustainability of the euro area . 
  the adoption of a decision by mutual agreement by the board of governors to grant stability support under that emergency procedure requires a qualified majority of 85 % of the votes cast . 
  it still makes kind of sense . 
  tsipras morphed ( or tried to morph ) into a statesman role and built a national unity government in all but name . 
  he could n't preempt that with sending proposals yesterday . 
  i just hope they send something good today . 
  it never fails to amaze me , how the anglo-american papers cast this in a moral story . 
  lol , no need to get all salty . 
  just do as you please , it 's not like we care all that much . 
  i am not surprised you say so , as a briton . 
  that 's not necessarily the predominant opinion on the continent , though . 
  now would not be the time to create a european country , but if things smooth out a bit , it could be . 
  there 's the rub . 
  we can not start a european state without france . 
  with france , however , it will turn into some overarching monster that tries to regulate everything . 
  ugh , let 's not talk about submarines ... 
  but we * are * free riding on the us 's love for costly toys . 
  i do n't have a problem with that either - as long as they deem their military supremacy important , they should finance it . 
  hang on , after making a complete mess out of the middle east and afghanistan , you want others to clean it up because muh budget ? 
  that 's really awfully nice of you . 
  we did not ask for you to first prop up corrupt dictatorships and then invade them , fuck up their societies and deliver tons and tons of weapons . 
  we even warned you against it , so it is squarely your mess . 
  you stay and sort it out . 
  no , the idea is to clearly separate layers of concern . 
  instead of prescribing the eur as the currency of every eu country * except * a set of opt-outs , make it the currency of the core group and the rest keeps their national currencies . 
  from a software-engineering view , this is how you support complex systems : simple base-case and more complex requirements in special modules . 
  currently its a kitchen-sink approach as the baseline and opt-outs . 
   so if your 1000 euro bond has a haircut rate of 10 % , it can be used as colleteral for a 1100 euro bond . 
  should n't it be 900 eur ? 
  after all , a haircut means you have to write off a percentage of your asset 's worth . 
   i do n't think a 3rd bailout is possibly or was in discussion . 
  actually it was in discussion . 
  i think tsipras even applied for 29bn over two years . 
   why do ( some ) politicians prefer austerity measures ? 
  two reasons : 1 . 
  resistance at home . 
  if you tell your voters they wo n't have to pay for another country , you do n't want to backtrack . 
  using it as leverage to improve governmental standards . 
  you can use keynesian tools to get a developed economy out of a cyclical slump . 
  but if you are dealing with a country that has structural problems , expansionary politics wo n't fix anything , you need structural reforms . 
  if the country in question is extremely statist , you can argue that the reduction in the state sector through austerity is a good thin . 
  it needs to disentangle the diverging interests . 
  there are obviously a couple of countries who want a free-trade zone and not much more , thank you very much . 
  they do n't want a social charter , they do n't care about worker 's rights , they do n't want a common currency , they think their civil servants do a better job providing overarching bureaucracy than brussels could . 
  and there are other countries who want deeper cooperation , maybe shared institutions but at the very least common minimal standards , a common currency . 
  they do n't simply want freedom of investment and freedom of capital flow , but also freedom of residence , student exchange and ultimately a federal state . 
  those two groups should have the chance to follow their own paths - the eu should scale back to a free-trade zone as the base-line and form a core that tries to work together intensely towards a political and fiscal union . 
  obviously the members of the free-trade zone should have no say in the belongings of the core group while the core group would have equal rights in all treaties of the free-trade zone . 
   after all , nothing i write here will change anything . 
  and that 's an important point . 
  what we discuss here has only very marginal impact on anyone else . 
  hardly anyone budges in his opinion no matter what the `` other side '' has to say . 
  maybe taking a step back and not caring whether or not you can influence people might help ? 
  at any rate , even though we probably disagree in a lot of things , i 'd rather you stick around so that there 's a progressive counterbalance . 
  i do n't want to live in my conservative echo-chamber , 
  wow , that 's great !, 
  i am glad to learn that the time i spent back then dissecting that shit has helped someone , 
  disinterest i 'd say . 
  if anything , the prevailing mood is `` so they want to quit . 
  ok , good riddance '' . 
  there 's hardly any discussion on how the interests of the creditor countries , the weaker economies and the eu could be squared . 
   britain should not be allowed to exit wat ? 
  the whole issue is a clusterfuck . 
  obviously there would be no flood of demented babies if they just removed the classification as a crime , numbers would still be very low . 
  but no politician would want to be known as `` the incest guy '' . 
  so we keep this useless crime without a victim around . 
   i can say you might find the tone to be a bit aggressive , and i would accept that . 
  actually i do . 
  i know that i can come over as a bit rude at times and usually this has more to do with me than the others . 
  when i am relaxed and do n't give a fuck , i mostly get more positive responses . 
  well , the couple in the article had kids , so it was pretty easy to prosecute them . 
  apart from them , there are hardly any convictions . 
  the decision of the ethics commission was in sept. 2014 and nothing has come off it yet . 
  in fact , our minister of justice decided against abolishing the penalties . 
  incest is still prohibited and i do n't see it changing soon . 
   you can not disagree with any of the creditor proposals or discuss any of the failings of austerity in this sub right now without being mercilessly downvoted my observations are different , it depends on how you source your points and how you argue . 
  i can not congratulate you on your discussion etiquette , i am not surprised you get a lot of backlash with gems like - i ca n't stand that man 's guts . 
  i think he and his kind are a cancer the world needs to cut out if it wants to survive . 
  - iw is an unmitigated disaster . 
  there 's more of your taxpayer money being thrown away . 
  - i 've rarely seen anybody so ruthlessly mischaracterised by the media . 
  and so on , and so on . 
  yes , the overwhelming majority here is not exactly on greece 's side , but that has nothing to do with civility or nuance , that 's how the mood in europe is these days . 
   for christs sake , look at the front page : - +25 `` a mismanaged bailout is worse than a grexit '' - +6 `` why the yes campaign failed in greece : tsipras 's opponents made serial misjudgments , from the petty to the monumental '' - +6 `` so does anyone have any idea how greece are gon na get out of there predicament , with people only being able to withdraw $ 60 a day and the banks basically out of money '' - +19 `` 48 hours to keep greece in euro '' - +198 `` in defence of greece : 6 myths busted '' i am not sure i understand your point .
