  as you please . 
  just read about the treacherous shit [ your guy pulled ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bush%e2%80%93blair_2003_iraq_memo ) off , duke of gleiwitz . 
  or the [ fabricated evidence ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/yellowcake_forgery ) . 
  better than vysegrad group integration , 
   the united eurozone and the united kingdom would then form a new european confederation , in which the continent would concede joint management of the single market in return for continued british involvement in the defence of europe . 
  lol , that 's extremely likely . 
  are you stoned ? 
  ugh , i never thought about what negative interest rates mean for pension systems like in the us or switzerland . 
  but i still refuse to believe it . 
  no swiss institution will ever be bankrupt . 
  you just risk the lives of europeans a decade down the road if you force people to live without a perspective now . 
  not that i expect am eastern european to think beyond next christmas ... 
  i do n't know how you read this from my post . 
  legal recognition has nothing to do with children . 
  tax benefits in germany for married couples without children are n't that high anymore . 
  that 's not a solution at all . 
  look at those camps , they offer zero perspective for kids raised there . 
  all they are is a breeding ground for the next generation of radicals . 
  these only problem is that wars and civil unrest typically are not over after a couple of years . 
  let 's take iranians displaced after the islamist revolution or afghans fleeing from the soviets . 
  if you just give them shelter and food for 20 + years , they will either get depressed , criminal or will try everything to marry someone , anyone to get a right to stay . 
  none of those options are good for those people or for the societies taking them in . 
  just ask yourself : how many of the displaced german jews would have gone back in 1945 ? 
  that 's just beautiful , 
  but still , it seems crazy to me - on the one hand you have to supercool magnets and just a couple of centimeters away you try to heat something enough you can generate steam in the end . 
  i do n't doubt the physicists know how to achieve this , but currently it sounds they are happy to achieve a positive energy balance without a workable design to actually convert it to electricity . 
  the german gov ' t does that , but desperate people cling to illusions . 
  and people smugglers fan those illusions . 
  just because the west has some deficiencies does n't mean the fact that russia is completely deficient is irrelevant . 
  luckily the majority over here recognizes this . 
   the eu needs to move away from american influence and establish better relationships with the likes of russia and china . 
  uhm , why again ? 
  with all their flaws , the burgers are way more democratic than either russia or china . 
  i do n't want a better relationship to russia , the country is the prison of nations . 
   i want to agree but then again , have sanctions and embargos ever worked ? 
  - ussr gone - south african apartheid regime ended - iran agreed to a deal they will have a hard time wiggling out of . 
  no , the sanctions are in effect because he invaded a european country . 
  so they should stay until russia pulls back - which is not very likely to happen anytime soon . 
  imo , he will only make matters worse in syria , but that 's just me . 
   i had no idea pegida was so bad ? 
  all they do is have a leader that likes to dress up as hitler , invite speakers that deplore the kz 's are no longer working and have participants who display gallows reserved for our political leaders . 
  leaving that aside , they are nothing but upstanding citizens . 
   it is somewhat weird to me that germany does not seem to have a single party that is n't pro-immigration what ? 
  ever heard of the afd or npd ? 
   no one knew about it but a few top level managers or engineers . 
  give me a break . 
  automotive testing was suspecting foul play for years . 
  developing such a defeat software in a safety-critical environment as cars takes more than `` a few top level managers or engineers '' . 
  that shit had cost millions to develop , test , deploy . 
  if w7x works , it will still be decades before we see fusion energy on an industrial scale . 
  simply generating more energy than you put in ( which is still a hard to reach goal ) wo n't automatically make it economically viable . 
  but still , fingers crossed that those guys make it work . 
   which country is stupid enough to hype something like the vw emission scandal that damages the own industry ? 
  how is that hyped over here ? 
  it was hushed for years and without the americans , nothing would have come to light . 
  sure , that 's an important point and maybe why they did consent in the end . 
  as they have to have a primary surplus for years under the current regulations , i still wonder at times if bailing out of the emu , issuing their own currency and reneging on the eur and $ - denominated debt would n't have been a feasible way . 
   he didnt get elected with that mandate . 
  he wasnt elected to get the country out of europe . 
  sure , that was in january . 
  but everywhere outside of greece the oxi was clearly understood as `` we 'd rather be outside the emu than consent to creditor 's demands '' . 
  but that magically transformed into `` yeah sure we 'll do whatever you say '' . 
  i am no huge fan of the way greece got squeezed in summer , but if i had voted `` no '' on the referendum , i 'd feel hugely betrayed by syriza . 
  sure , the end always justifies the means . 
  if we are talking about the usa . 
   completely different scenario which is not comparable . 
  yeah , it 's always not comparable when the us does it . 
  american exceptionalism all the way , even when dropping wmd 's on cities . 
  no other country would get away with it , but the us can not be touched . 
  besides : those were real-life weapons tests , nothing else . 
  what we lead in numbers , you make up in the variety of technologies , so there 's kind of a wash . and yeah , those kids in hiroshima , guilty as hell . 
  an american advocating to disregard ip laws , that 's hilarious . 
  but hey , the patents on zyklon b have expired , just use that , it 's tested . 
   i am thinking we start with all drugs , especially those used in lethal injections . 
  that 's actually hilarious . 
  do got ahead by all means , no better way to ruin your reputation over here . 
  i have never understood why tsipras did not bite the bullet in july and simply called the bluff . 
  deny further demands and just declare bankruptcy - that would have lobbed quite the grenade into the laps of sch\u00e4uble and sapin . 
  congrats , you have been infected with european feelings of superiority  seriously , i think there 's a flip side to everything . 
  yes , americans seem to put a constant show on for themselves as well as others , but on the other side , we do n't even try to be as friendly . 
  being rude or at least indifferent is not `` deeper '' in any way . 
  the article is about tapping rich country 's resources to rearm themselves ( and buy american gear ) - eastern european countries would need money from the us for that . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  the us historically never has played nice with a competing military force , they have always vilified , attacked or undermined them . 
  the last thing i need is germany getting smeared by some yankee nationalists . 
  you want to make the rules , you pay for it , it 's simple , really . 
   three years from now is plenty of time for the europeans to become militarily self-sufficient -- i.e. , for them to learn to do without us . 
  i am no military expert , but that sounds ridiculous . 
  to establish ~ ~ hegemony ~ ~ protection in europe , we 'd have to completely reform our broomstick army and buy 100 - 200 fighters , couple of bombers and develop a successor to the leo 2 with the t-14 now looming large . 
  to say nothing about logistics - afaik we do n't have more than basic airlift capabilities . 
  the article completely leaves out - both for japan and germany - that they are up against a nuclear adversary . 
  so , either we stay under the us 's nuclear umbrella , or we need reichsnukes . 
   time is , therefore , on the side of ukraine and the west . 
  i dunno man , that sounds awfully optimistic . 
  russia can just close the border from their side and let those criminals run the separatist territories . 
  if they do like they did recently , those territories are going to turn into a festering wound in ukraine 's behind . 
  maybe cause most muslims are actually peaceful and would rather have nothing to do with isis ? 
  just a crazy thought . 
  whataboutism . 
  nationality ?
