   sorry , but that 's not relevant . 
  you asked about gypsies ? 
  where else would the come from in numbers , ireland ? 
  same in germany , german turks and arabs use `` potato '' as an insult against native germans . 
  could be worse , but still ... 
  no , i think you misunderstand . 
  the article and chart was specifically in reply to [ this request ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/32hbsd/ask_europe_have_you_ever_witnessed_racism_in_your/cqbsxgg ) , they have nothing to do with schengen per se . 
   also bulgaria and romania are not in schengen and it seems unlikely they will join anytime soon they are legally obliged to . 
  they can put it off some time , but not forever . 
   so even if germany still had border control the guards would have no way to turn away the gypsies and would simply check for contraband we could still arrest or extradite criminal gypsies . 
  the fear of schengen was that everyone could get a visa to any schengen country and then go underground , become a criminal and migrate back and forth to confuse police . 
  the same fear existed about black immigrants from africa , nothing specific about gypsies . 
  and of course schengen makes it much easier to claim social benefits in more than one country . 
  with the number of kids gypsi families have , that can be quite a lot of money at stake . 
   did n't pegida start out of one of the regions with the lowest amount of muslims in germany ? 
  that 's true . 
  it is even one of the regions with the lowest percentage of immigrants of all kinds . 
  here 's an [ article on the problems ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/german-cities-worried-about-high-immigration-from-romania-and-bulgaria-a-881409.html ) ( note : not all immigrants from bg and ro are gypsies of course , but you wo n't find statistics for ethnic background ) . 
  this [ chart ] ( http://images.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2013-02/zuwanderung-roma.jpg ) shows how the immigration numbers grew over the last years - since 2014 , they have the full schengen rights , including migrating here to claim social benefits , but the 2014 numbers are not yet in , or i could n't find them, 
  currently on mobile , i 'll find some numbers later . 
  then why had the number of gypsies in germany increased so much after schengen ? 
  it 's not like you can cross into germany with trucks and trailers via some unguarded fields and the roads had border control posts . 
  uhm , it 's a bit more nuanced than that . 
  schengen abolished the border-controls without setting up a powerful pan-european policing system which means criminal gypsies ( which are the problem here ) can freely move in and out of germany as they please . 
  you can not deport them , you can not get hold of them if they escape to bulgaria . 
  and of course , you 'll never catch their trucks with the loot . 
  i guess those huge-ass counter-rotating propellers must also have one big radar signature . 
  but still , this is a pretty deadly weapon . 
  ex-girlfriend muttering about `` them jews '' and how they rake in the dough after the holocaust . 
  told her that gassing their kids was not exactly the right thing and she should just knock it off . 
  discussions among my friends about schengen and the coming flood of gypsies and what it means to personal safety . 
  i did not say anything because deep inside , i feel the same . 
  the thing is , germany was not moping about welfare reductions or demanding handouts because they had to sack a whole lot of civil servants . 
  there was widespread malnutriation and even hunger back then - my mother was sent to a kind family in france as a kid so she would be able to recover from nutrition deficiency . 
  so , please give me a break with the anti-austerity parallels - if there ever were austere times then in germany at the time . 
  did you know that after 1948 , most everyone with land or homes had to pay 50 % of their wealth as an extraordinary tax ? 
  so please , how was that not austere ? 
  what 's more , the conservative adenauer government was trustworthy . 
  they took marshall aid funds and converted them into funds for company loans - thereby increasing the state revenues and kickstarting the economy . 
  they stuck to their goals , and only because of that did they reach the london accord . 
  so , no source , just tinfoil hattery . 
  i know , they had the clever idea to pervert keynesian economics by going on a deficit spending binge right in times of normal economic conditions . 
  when the going got tough , they were broke . 
  i fail to see how this proves austerity is not working . 
  if anything , it shows their former governments did not understand the first thing about economics . 
  you seem not to understand that we live in a world that is larger than the eu . 
  the usa artificially depressed the usd via qe to saddle the eu with part of the costs of recovery , in effect worsening the eur crisis . 
  this paradox of thrift applies to the greek crisis only partly . 
  were germany et al to increase their consumption , then greece would profit only if it was able to take advantage of this opportunity - which according to the eu [ is not the case ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/publications/economic_paper/2014/pdf/ecp518_en.pdf ), 
   you pretend like the eu was n't aware of the real problems and did n't turn a blind eye at all ... yea right . 
  so the eu knew about greece cooking the books and lending up to 15 % of gdp ? 
  source please . 
   if austerity is necessary to spur growth then why do n't the ecb agree to tie repayments to gdp growth so greece can get out of it 's debt spiral ? 
  the ecb and the ez countries have agreed to quite a lot of relaxations of the agreement terms - greece gets some of the interest of outstanding loans back if they serve those loans , timelines have been stretched and so on . 
  with the current greek government and its rather hostile stance , i can see why the troika insists on changes first and further relaxations later . 
  true , but then parting ways is maybe not the worst outcome . 
  sooner would have been better , but if something is not working over years , maybe everyone is better off terminating it . 
  and then you carry the full exchange risk . 
  with the current weak eur , the dice are loaded - against you . 
   even though the eu/ecb knows austerity is n't working they are too stubborn to `` give in '' ireland and to an extend spain and portugal are counterexamples to that claim . 
  it 's more like `` even though austerity would work , syriza is too stubborn to backtrack on their grandiose election promises '', 
  my point exactly . 
  tomorrow : `` no one is preparing for a debt default over here , we 'll pay the money ! '', 
  stocks are not going to simply level off , but at some point to go into nosedive . 
  if you miss the exit point , you are gon na lose money . 
   the eib uses these euros to fund , say , building a bridge , or a startup or whatever . 
  and at this point comes the sermon i wrote in . 
  who 's gon na decide exactly where those eur are spent ? 
  the point of qe is that the average investor does not get a good roi anymore and this whole money flows to the governments . 
  it wo n't end there . 
  next up : - large-scale investments by russian companies in the essential infrastructure ( energy , telecommunication , transportation ) . 
  - then subtle pressure to buy russian weapons systems and the appearance of russian business men who buy out specialized high-tech companies that later on go bankrupt . 
  - the rise of both extreme left and right wing parties financed by moscow that render the forming of efficient and democratic governments hard . 
  - latent minority conflicts like in scotland or basque country become more virulent `` somehow '' . 
   buy stocks ? 
  they are already at their all-time high , the upside potential is limited . 
  and of course their p/e ratio is shit . 
   next on the list is the reduction of coal powered steam engines . 
  only problem , there is not so much to replace them with . 
  i do n't see 100 % renewables , that would require a much bigger and more intelligent grid all over europe . 
  nuclear is out , so it is russian gas , i guess . 
  and in the process fucking over the middle class in europe that does no longer get interest on their savings . 
   what has the german taxpayer lost in the process ? 
  obviously the eu can not make greece a protectorate , so those eib bonds end up in greek government accounts . 
  i do n't see a populist left/right government with a marxist professor as minister spending investment money in a way that it actually gets invested sustainably . 
  in a country without a functioning taxation system , all stimulus money is sunk . 
  since the eib is directly financed by the member states , this is simply a clever ploy to circumvent the `` no direct transfers '' rule . 
  thanks for the roses , but do n't get too excited yet . 
  our exit from nuclear was an ad hoc decision , poorly planned and promoted by fukushima , not by technological breakthroughs . 
  as a result , our co2-footprint is pretty bad , much worse than it should be , considering we are a technological leader for green energies . 
  what we are desperately lack is either large scale storage of energy or something like fusion ( which will always be 50 years from market viability ), 
  does anyone still talk about him ? 
  he was about as close to becoming a national hero over here as a foreigner could get . 
   we are not asking german taxpayers to finance an investment programme on the outskirts of europe , but we are asking the existing institutions to mobilise their financing abilities , same same , but different . 
  i am a bit surprised that germany is that bad , since we have a lot of solar and wind and other renewables . 
  wikipedia has [ older numbers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions_per_capita ) for per capita co2-emissions that seem to be more reasonable , germany 9.6 / ( person * year ) and france 6.1, 
  switching sides every other day . 
   allow them to find their own , non-austerity growth plans and economic solutions , such as varoufaki 's gdp based plan and the tide rises further . 
  there is no growth plan without more loans from the imf or other euro countries or massive cash infusions from the ecb . 
  they have no leeway for deficit spending , because they are cut off from the financial markets .
