  german gov ' t also plans to spend 260bn for infrastructure . 
   the s and u-bahn system in our capital is quite decent damn , i just blew an aneurysm remembering the winters some years back when half of the s-bahn was shut down for brake maintenance . 
  well , since we are talking about the club ... what about your membership , you decided already ? 
   no money for anything , we need to keep a tight budget and suddenly there 's no problem with spending dozens of billions that 's not the refugee 's fault . 
  germany is running a budget surplus since 2-3 years now , so there * is * money by every metric . 
  it 's just a coincidence that the refugees were coming in numbers roughly at the time the deficit turned into a surplus . 
  besides , the idea that we absolutely have to have a surplus is moronic . 
  it would have been perfectly possible to invest more in the infrastructure since a couple of years , it 's just the current government that 's strictly against it because the voters can not comprehend that a developed infrastructure needs a lot of money to stay great and that money invested in infrastructure keep-up generates income . 
  so , in the end , it 's our own fault , the fault of our economic illiteracy . 
  that 's true , but i have mad respect for the anti-corruption work romania is doing over the last years . 
  and i am sure i am not alone . 
  considering a new poll says 79 % of germans would like britain to stay , it 's not over the top or merely tactical . 
  cheap transport here is subsidized on the regional level by the regional authorities which hold auctions and then enter into multi-year contracts with the winner and pay them handsomely for providing transport services . 
  dang , they should donate everything they deem no longer flight-worthy to a museum . 
  ok , that makes sense , thanks . 
  nice photo , too sad they lost one of the few f-5 they still had . 
  and if you look up the value for median wealth per adult , you 'll see germany is way down the list , in fact below greece : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth_per_adult, 
   f-5 wow , that 's a vintage jet . 
  was this their air force museum on a visiting flight ? 
  of course , i do n't doubt that . 
  but i think 40 % of germans have zero personal wealth . 
  they are not going to buy stock , a house or expensive wine . 
   according to treaties we have to start contributing once we hit the eu average or so oh my !, 
  the injustice !, 
  we should have simply left you to your own devices . 
  i am sure you 'd have a lot of fun getting on your feet outside the eu . 
   protectionism you do n't have the first idea what the word means , right ? 
  they used a basket of property , stocks and expensive wine . 
  the only people benefiting from that is the rich ones . 
  the only conclusion i would draw from that is that the rich in germany got richer faster than the rich in southern countries . 
  not that the article is wrong , though - as the german economy is growing faster than the southern economies , there 's bound to be faster increases in income and therefore wealth over here . 
  seems i need / s for simpletons around here . 
  thing is , they have absolutely no vision whatsoever on moving things forward . 
  the only thing they have in common is pouting over too much krauts . 
  nationalists rarely have a forward-looking idea for a continent or supra-national organization . 
  that 's why this whole grandstanding will fizzle . 
   however , you ca n't have an eu-wide solution by throwing a member under the bus . 
  v4 will do this every day , as long as it 's not them getting thrown . 
  all that sweet butt-hurt  no , you are right . 
  we toppled the communist regimes only to create new markets to exploit . 
  sheesh , * some * people ... 
   which we will have to pay back once we reach certain development level no you do n't . 
  those are not loans . 
   and ( to an extent ) political subjugation of ce eu countries yeah right , that 's why the v4 are trying to throw a wrench in everything that comes out of berlin . 
   germany build their welfare largery on protectionist stance . 
  germany is the most open economy in europe , protectionism is n't exactly high up here . 
   after all , we 're getting all those free eu money , we should do what we 're told , right ? 
  no , you are free to say as you want , just as we do . 
  however , if you take the money and actively try to undermine the eu , i have a hard time with that . 
  what 's more - and this is where i started - you could just stop the victim complex . 
  i am fed up being continually reminded of 1945 by people who willingly take my money . 
  if you feel we are the evil overlords , take a stance and do n't pocket the money . 
   it 's not like they do it because they want to be kind . 
  yes , it is exactly because we are kind , believe it or not . 
  we could have left you out to find your own way like we and you together do with ukraine . 
  economical interests come in there too , but at the core of it , the eu is a club that wants to stabilize countries , prevent war and make it better for all . 
  that 's exactly what makes me furious about the v4 : they only think in terms of who fucks whom over and who profits from whom . 
  the idea of kindness is totally alien there . 
  if you believe you get a bad deal : just leave . 
   what alternative system do you suggest ? 
  that 's not for me to decide , it 's their country . 
  i suggest they either bite the bullet , work hard and get rich slowly like my grandparents did rebuilding a completely devastated country or leave the eu and do their thing . 
  western european countries did n't arrive at their current wealth by asking for hand-outs and at the same time throwing passive-aggressive tantrums like the v4 routinely do . 
   sorry , but `` we are handing out free money to poland '' is the entitled victim-complex no , that 's just the facts . 
  poland receives by far the most money from the eu of any country . 
  then they should get off their fucking asses and change * their * system , that 's exactly the kind of entitled victim-complex . 
  they receive  3 % of gdp as hand-outs . 
  for free . 
  this is my fucking money they get there . 
  what do you expect , that we give them even more money ? 
  or change the way they work for them ? 
  or in poland for that matter . 
  where do annual hours worked even come in here ? 
  i do n't care where it comes from , it 's no longer 1945 and the whining gets on my nerves . 
  all they want is hand-outs . 
  if we assume you got 1.2 m elderly , that would work out to 100eur per head per year . 
  not sure that 's going to improve what sounds like a fundamentally broken system . 
  no matter how much money we throw at poland , they will always claim they are still victims , fucked over and underpaid . 
  why germany if all places ? 
  do n't forget every single member state has to agree to it . 
  just one would be enough to stop it . 
  sure : - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banat_swabians - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transylvanian_saxons post-ww ii , they were treated like shit and so they took the chance and left for germany whenever possible . 
   you convince the eu to restrict the freedom of movement for workers ok , you convince the swiss to do away with direct democracy . 
  impossible , you say ? 
  part of the dna of your country , you say ? 
  well , it works for russia and china . 
  nowhere is he advocating that germany should leave the eu . 
  he says the easiest way to reduce imbalances in the emu would be if germany left , at least temporarily . 
  it 's a shame really , there are a lot of interesting opinions in that article . 
  reducing it to the most populist one ( and citing it wrong ) does n't do it justice . 
   they are ** as a ** people , even if their descendants are prolific , extinct . 
  english is not my native language , but to me that means `` as the inhabitants of a country '' , not `` as people '' . 
  he is proposing some mystic pseudo-racial shit about the spirit of a nation . 
  no , if prussia was still a thing , they 'd speak german . 
  what the he 'll are you even talking about ? 
  the usa of the pilgrim fathers is also gone and extinct . 
  sweden outperforms the usa in most human development indices , so they seem to do something right . 
  also : prussian news-anchors would speak german , lol, 
  with good reason , they are excellent in most aspects . 
  would you be so kind and tell us where you hail from , turkey perchance ?
