  sometimes you just * need * a sacrificial lamb ... 
  oh , please . 
  the uk is not an `` enemy '' of sorts , just because they do n't want to belong to our club anymore . 
  hurt feelings are nice and all that , but ca n't be be a bit more grown-up ? 
  in all honesty , i would n't expect the british to pay for the eurozone problems . 
  they warned early that the architecture of the emu is n't sound - and as much as it pains me , they had a point . 
  lol , so he is basically using the opportunity to troll ? 
   never heard of that company . 
  you are so lucky , their stuff stinks like hell . 
  and now they are expanding to here : /, 
  there are ads on the page ? 
  bullshit , do you stereotype the usa the same way ? 
  how would you propose to implement a reform of the eu ? 
  waiting for the slowest to finally come around and/or implementing the lowest common denominator has brought us to where we are now . 
  if you want leadership , you also need to understand that leadership entails at times being not so nice . 
  merkel is the opposite : she just waits for things to happen . 
  the moment i am done with face palming about the amateurs that make up your political caste , i will . 
   people voted leave knowing that there was n't a plan . 
  this is the most underhanded argument against referendums i read in a long time . 
  well done , sir !, 
  i really dig your humor . 
  the linked article does n't support zerohedge 's usual gloating about german woes . 
  it simply states that bailouts via taxpayer 's money is out of the question and bremen will have to sell or use its shares of the bank to finance the takeover by nordlb . 
  the eu has always reformed like every 15 years or so ? 
  last time was the lisbon treaty . 
  that 's not the problem . 
  the problem is which kind of reforms to implement . 
  and please , not just the simpleton 's answer `` well , duh , make it more democratic '' . 
  making it more democratic would mean strengthening the role of the european parliament which is in fact a step towards the dreaded european superstate . 
  making it more democratic by weakening the eu and strengthening the national governments even more will make the eu simply slower , weaker and less transparent thanks to back-room negotiations . 
  `` we '' means the eu27 . 
  steinmeier just so happens to be the german foreign minister . 
  technically , you still are . 
  and i preferred you still remain , but yeah , you most likely are on the side lines now . 
  because brexit was a complete disaster built on lies . 
  people realize now that clowns like farage had absolutely no plan for the time after . 
  you took one for the team . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't - but that 's always the case for leading powers , just look at the usa . 
  merkel is just not the person for visions and powerful leadership . 
  she 'd need to throw in all her weight , beg , coerce and bully other countries into reform , and where necessary pay them . 
  she simply is n't that kind of extrovert . 
  so , let 's hope for a better french president and a better german chancellor and a true leader from the medium-sized countries to achieve enough critical mass . 
  cdu is in a tight place , because merkel basically emasculated all the alpha-types years ago . 
  i do n't see her handing over any time soon , and if she does , my money would be on vdl as well . 
  but as merkel has been at the helm so long and vdl seemingly lacks her cold grip on power , i would fully expect a prolonged power struggle after merkel resigns . 
  true , especially when resistance to change is something that seems to be ubiquitous to most people 's nature . 
  there are many books about change in the corporate workplace and why it is hard from the usa as well . 
  this has been a founding principle of the eu and has been upheld for decades now . 
  it 's ok if you do n't like it , just gtfo . 
  you can reap all the benefits farage promised on the way out too . 
  well then , godspeed . 
  maybe we can meet again in the future . 
  * but damn , that penalty ... 
  no , primarily it was because both countries realized that the next war would be total annihilation and there must be a better way . 
  and this time , france luckily had world-class politicians like schumann and monnet that did not seek revenge but stretched out a hand for reconciliation :  europe will not be made all at once , or according to a single plan . 
  it will be built through concrete achievements which first create a de facto solidarity . 
  the coming together of the nations of europe requires the elimination of the age-old opposition of france and germany it certainly helped that germany had a mighty hang-over from the last binge of nationalism and had lost appetite for more . 
  but with a spiteful france , things might well have been different . 
  also : the usa gave everyone a shitload of money and did n't withdraw from europe , the ussr emerged as a powerful enemy, 
  maybe , but it 's really uncommon that there has n't been a war in central/western europe for 70 years now . 
  it seems unreal to us , but historically that 's an abnormality . 
  i work in one of germany 's largest companies in it . 
  they really want to get this industry 4.0 thingy going . 
  they are really trying , but oh lord , the way they do it ... 
  they are using the good old top-down , process oriented way to do things . 
  needless to say , this sends real talent running for the hills . 
  so they are stuck with average enterprise it personnel and management that tries to control innovation more than fostering it . 
  unfortunately , there 's zero buy-in by the whole organization . 
  no it representative in the board . 
  industry 4.0 gets sidetracked as one of a lot of projects . 
  so , they are looking to consultancies for help . 
  unfortunately those are n't a great help if the organization continues to do business as usual . 
  but they make great money . 
  the company sees itself squarely in the tradition of german industry and looks down on software companies as if they were something odious . 
  it 's a saving grace for now that google , amazon and facebook wo n't go into industrial production any time soon and chinese competitors are too unorganized to adopt an it-centric thinking . 
  but yeah , the article is a pretty fair portrait . 
  that 's pretty far off the mark ... 
  oh shit , so i 'll get a lot of cold calls from london-based agencies again , just like post-2009 . 
  because governments make the rules in the eu . 
  and the rules favor the not democratically elected but appointed commission . 
  any true reform towards more power for the european parliament would need to be greenlighted by the member states . 
  and those do n't do shit , instead warn of a eu superstate and bemoan the very democratic deficits they are responsible for . 
   by current form i mean the people making laws are not elected , there 's a lack of democracy and an ever increasing drive to create a federal europe but you do understand that your government and mine and others are responsible for the lack of democracy and a federal europe would in fact help there ? 
  britain , buddy , what are you doing ? 
  have a party , invite them over to tea ... 
  oh , i thought that 's the waiter ? 
  well , it * is * more efficient if europe is one country without different standards for everything , so expansionism comes naturally if you like efficiency , 
  so the old colonies finally rejoin the kingdom , eh ? 
  the problem is that the generation that has witnessed ww ii is now either dead or dying . 
  the next generations are no longer essentially afraid of war . 
  i want to see juncker starting a blog with memes and stories about how the commission rescued baby seals , 
  afaik ceta was slated for ratification now completely independent of the referendum . 
  farage ? 
  hard work ? 
  none , of course . 
  except for being the insufferable clown of the ep . 
  i wish he 'd sing some radical sunni nasheed . 
  not for german consumers , though . 
  and of course there 's zero will do do any reforms because `` we are at the top of our game and no one can touch us '', 
  at first we should get our `` broadband internet '' in order and get rid of the oligopoly of mobile data providers that charge you through the nose .
