  to a lot of us , the topic is really unimportant . 
  we are obliged to carry our id 's but you do n't notice it or feel suppressed or something . 
  it 's just like you take your driving license with you when you drive your car . 
  that 's how it 's supposed to be . 
  ordnung and transparancy !, 
  it 's getting better by the day . 
  i wonder if this will shake up the ez leaders and goad them into action or if they persist to pretend nothing needs to be done . 
  and what the political fallout will be in the ez countries . 
  i can see sch\u00e4uble taping bazookas to his wheelchair right now ... 
  i understand what you are trying to achieve , but distorting the market is not going to help , it 's going to make everything worse . 
  greece suffered not from too little regulation . 
  if anything , they should give subsidies to the poor so they are able to buy food - a social security program . 
  and before your head explodes , i know it will be difficult in the negotiations . 
  spoilsports , taking away the toys of senior citizens !, 
   they should force a fixed prices at least for the daily necessities stop , just stop . 
  in many countries - germany included - this would cause an uproar because the role of the military is restricted to defense against an external enemy . 
   yanis varoufakis : i 'd rather cut off my arm than accept yes vote that 's totally ** not ** what he said . 
  in the interview , he stressed that he would accept a yes vote as any good democrat would . 
  he said he 'd rather cut his arm off than sign another `` extend and pretend '' deal . 
  i guess he 's afraid about a coup or military state . 
  also until the imf is paid , they wo n't lend any more money . 
  i guess they could even block another deal if they wanted . 
  been hitting the scotch again lately , ambrose ? 
  why not the second world war of finance ? 
  or the all-out thermonuclear world annihilation of finance ? 
  so , let me get this straight , sch\u00e4uble was rooting for a second debt cut and merkel pondered either that or a transfer union ? 
  and yet , nothing came off it ? 
  let 's not talk about the other one , right ... 
  ok , just let me say this , if the markets react violently on monday ( which i doubt ) , the german government will have one priority : germany . 
  the second priority will be the euro zone . 
  and again , i hate to say this , merkel , hollande , dijselbloom and sch\u00e4uble will cut you lose and let you crash if push comes to shove . 
  i am pretty sure the events of the last weeks convinced a lot of politicians over here that syriza is a lunatic 's asylum and can not be trusted . 
  for those who despise those crappy online pdf viewers , the direct link is http://www.docdroid.net/file/view/15cnh/a-more-complete-look-at-greece039s-problems-stavros-dimou.pdf, 
  i am not sure about targeting exactly this demographic . 
  they might be dear to your heart , op , but they are usually the most mobile and healthy . 
  a large percentage can either move to parts of greece where the job situation is not completely desperate ( if parts like this exist ) , another part could emigrate to other eu countries , switzerland or maybe even the us . 
  in broader context , i believe a pan-european ( ok , only euro zone ) minimum social security system should be implemented that pays out the bare minimum required not to get homeless and starve . 
  it should be under eu supervision , independent of national laws ( to avoid turning into a piggy-bank for ruthless states ) and financed by the existing social security schemes which it would ( partly ) replace . 
  countries who want to go above and beyond it could still do so . 
  one of the major problems in this crisis is the positive feedback cycle between public spending , joblessness and consumption : if public spending is cut , more people are fired , consumption and taxes drop and even more people will be fired and public spending has to be cut even more . 
  a pan-european social security system would negate this positive feedback as long as a crisis is regional . 
  i am not sure the usa know about this . 
  this would be my preferred way too . 
  this way , the chances and risks of recovery are shared between creditor and bond issuer . 
   if merkel goes nuts and puts you in the imf then you are not to blame this victim complex is not helping anyone . 
  merkel called in the imf on purpose , to avoid foul compromises and backroom deals as much as possible . 
  thanks very much , this clears some - to me - puzzling points in the us media reactions . 
  fingers crossed . 
  i held high hopes having to endure varoufakis and his smug lectures would send him into cardiac arrest , but he seems to be made from tougher stuff than i supposed . 
  at least the vox-piece is not completely dumb and in fact points in the right direction with the explanation what ordoliberalism is and which role it plays in germany . 
  i could do with the constant morality stuff , but i guess we 'll never get rid of this - just like the southern europeans will always be the spendthrifts . 
  i still hope against hope that at some point the us commentators latch onto the other reasons why northern europe is leveraging the current crisis to enforce structural reforms in the south ... 
  i just hope sch\u00e4uble does not get it into his head to become chancellor at last by backstabbing merkel . 
  could be different opinions in the greek government . 
  tsipras might have come close to signing even without debt restructuring , whereas v-man was completely opposed . 
  it 's the same in germany : merkel would probably work out a dirty compromise , but not sch\u00e4uble - he want 's the greeks to follow the program to the letter . 
  there are times when even a pm has a hard time overriding a minister , especially if said minister has a lot of followers among the mp 's ( which is true for sch\u00e4uble ) . 
  as an outsider , you never know when they are playing good cop/bad cop and when there are tensions in a government . 
   greece must sign up to economic reforms before it gets debt relief , the international monetary fund , one of the country 's main creditors , has said . 
   christine lagarde , the head of the fund , said it would `` be preferable to see a deliberate move towards reforms '' in greece before debt relief was offered . 
   juncker , who claimed that varoufakis pulled his negotiators out of the room when they were too close to an agreement i am not surprised . 
  v-man wants a default at all costs and then an exit from the euro . 
  -- and here 's the dclauzelisation into english :  even european commission president jean-claude juncker had the greek government provided 35 billion euros in prospect . 
  optionally , referred to as `` investment program '' or `` growth package '' , these are well to eu funding from various pots , which theoretically can apply each country . 
  in addition , the total amount for the period of 2014 applies to 2020 - a year there are therefore only around five billion euros . 
   the catch : normally applies to such programs a co-financing rate of 15 percent - greece , the aid could not afford at present . 
  the commission had asked the government in athens therefore a very much lower rate in view . 
   however , a debt relief is unlikely to pass any parliament currently . 
  depends . 
  a outright debt cut is out of the question , but extending the payment targets or slashing interest again would probably be possible . 
   it is hypocritical if strurgeon calls for a debt relief i do n't think so . 
  she 's opposition and she 's moderate left . 
  i 'd imagine in the unlikely case she had a majority she would work towards some debt restructuring . 
  after all , our opposition also calls for debt relief . 
  i have not yet heard many people calling them out for hypocrisy just because they do n't have the parliamentary majority to implement it . 
  varoufakis did . 
  it 's funny how this is not true . 
   the fight now is who will tap into it - greece or the creditors that 's the exact thinking that is keeping greece back . 
  fuck that , you are not going to extract the oil with domestic companies - except from the usa , no one does . 
  not russia , not saudi-arabia . 
  you need the international oil companies . 
  greece can not be expelled from the eu . 
  however , i ca n't see how it will stay in after the ecb cuts the money supply to your banks for good . 
   why would the referendum not change the negotiation will of the creditors in this case ? 
  i hate to say this , but i do n't believe a tsipras government is getting any better terms at this point , no matter what the referendum says . 
  at least over here the mood is that one can not have honest negotiations with either varoufakis or tsipras . 
  so as long as they are in power it will be `` take it or leave it '' . 
  i am not sure if a different government would get better terms ( certainly not groundbreakingly better ) , but i 'd hope so . 
   what about papandreou 's proposed referendum in 2011 ? 
  we 'll never know . 
  [ sch\u00e4uble claims ] ( https://twitter.com/openeurope/status/616219022149988352 ) he told papandreaou to go ahead with it . 
  others claim the eurogroup told greece to forget about it or else . 
  according to them , sch\u00e4uble is [ trying to rewrite history ] ( http://www.thetoc.gr/eng/politics/article/handelsblatt-schaeuble-is-trying-to-rewrite-history-over-greek-bailout ) . 
  that 's interesting . 
  thanks for correcting me . 
   have a look at stock market performances . 
  billions are wiped off or gained on what the greek news is . 
  unless we see another lehman 's situation where stock-market losses infected the real economy , that 's no real problem for the politicians . 
  stock markets react to all news and up to a certain ( uncertain ) threshold that 's just how it is . 
  politicians have no mandate to secure the gains of stockholders .
