  it is deeply deplorable that our constitution is raped in a way that allows the government to conduct war in afghanistan , syria , and mali . 
  how is europe defended in mali ? 
  is this the hindukush madness all over ? 
  i 'd actually like it on a coffee mug , both for trolling the workplace and because i like the look . 
  but no way in germany . 
  how 's it in the usa btw ? 
  is it protected by the 1 ^ st amendmend ? 
  uk does n't leave nato - and that 's where the real military might is . 
  or do they have another referedum i do n't know about ? 
  afaik their lead pipes where made from sheets of lead and could not hold the pressure required to build a dive culvert through a valley . 
  the pressure would n't be the problem , on the falling slope gravity creates enough pressure . 
  exactly . 
  the romans did n't have pipes that could hold pressure , therefore they could n't build a pipeline down into the valley and up on the other side . 
  so , they had to build those aqueducts everywhere they needed water . 
  idk , the eur designs were finalized in the 90 's and the bridge ( great one btw ) was started in 2001 and finished in 2004 . 
  if you think it 's ok to play games with the suffering of mothers and disabled children , i wo n't bother you any longer . 
  how is north korea irrational ? 
  they follow a very clear line to shield themselves from outside aggression . 
  there 's nothing moderate or balanced about forcing women through a pregnancy that will only result in a dead child , that 's just medieval - esp . 
  considering the woman might not even be a christian and would n't even want the dead baby baptized . 
   i find it amazing people still want to return to clans / kingdoms / empires . 
  europe is finding back to its old form , people want their small cozy countries back instead of jumping into the void . 
  it 's a pity those small countries were never that cozy and are less viable than 100 years ago . 
  if it came to the hardest brexit , there would be visa required to travel between the eu and the uk . 
  if you dropped out of britain and joined the eu , there would be border posts across the isles and you 'd need a visa to cross . 
  not that i think that 's a likely scenario ... 
  haha , during the brexit referendum : it 's not about money , it 's about sovereignty !, 
  saves us a fat lot of money for attorney fees , the trial and years behind bars . 
  such a loser . 
  i do n't want to explain your language to you , that would be ridiculous . 
  this to me seems pretty clear : the president of pis did n't rule out revising the current abortion law considering eugenic indications . 
  he added that this would apply only to situations where there is no threat to health or life of the mother . 
  measures like better hospitals he mentioned in the sentence before sould be available to women who were raped - of course they should not be obliged to give birth to the child , they should be persuaded , not pressured . 
  my take : 1 . 
  there will be changes to existing abortion laws concerning eugenic indications . 
  those changes will not apply to situations where health or life of the mother is endangered 3 . 
  those changes will also not apply in cases of rape . 
  probably he is proposing two or three insane laws so people are relieved once they come up with a slightly less draconian version . 
  oh great , causing heartbreak or even a trauma for the mother and suffering for the baby to satisfy religious beliefs the mother might not even share . 
  what a shitty thing to want to do . 
  probably he wanted to tell us : we are n't all terrorists , we are good people , we are grateful and we will defend the country that has opened its doors to us . 
  which facts about genetics exactly ? 
  according to other news , there were bystanders present . 
   how , if not in form of a bad deal ? 
  we could simply slash our vat to 16 % or something like that . 
  that would especially help the poor who have to spend most everything they earn and would profit more than the rich . 
   infrastructure investments by the government are actually quite high already no , our [ gross fixed capital formation ] ( http://www.economicshelp.org/blog/glossary/fixed-capital-formation/ ) is just [ barely above eu average ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ne.gdi.ftot.zs?end=2015&amp;locations=de-eu&amp;start=1995 ) after 15 years where it was below . 
  we are basically [ at the same level as the notoriously bad usa ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ne.gdi.ftot.zs?end=2015&amp;locations=de-us&amp;start=1995 ) and a [ far cry from a country like sweden ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ne.gdi.ftot.zs?end=2015&amp;locations=de-se&amp;start=1995 ) . 
  if someone wants to dive deeper into the data , [ here ] ( https://www.destatis.de/en/pressservices/press/pr/2016/10/pe16_362_51.html ) is the official report . 
  well , there are . 
  exactly , historical . 
  no reason why it should n't change . 
  it 's sad we have no marriage equality in germany yet . 
  humour is n't your strongest side , huh ? 
  well , you got a point or two there, 
  you could n't even defend your bikes ... 
  buy mercedes with all the money you get from the eu, 
  brexit was a `` us vs. them '' vote, 
  gibe clay !, 
  why does belgium have great chocolate ? 
  too better lure kids into the cellar . 
  south malta or the turkish occupied north malta ? 
  because they are cuter than you , 
   every nationality gets criticised on this sub . 
  except for estonia . 
  everyone loves little eesti , 
  stop stealing our cars ... 
   i find it perplexing that the uk is the focus but i do n't think it is . 
  a lot of your countrymen ( as well as people from all over europe ) showed a lot of schadenfreude when germany ran into problems getting the rest of europe to accept refugees . 
  or ask greek redditors like / u/naurgul how they felt when they got heat both from germans ( and there are a lot of them here ) and central/eastern europeans . 
  or how russians feel . 
  otoh , romania is currently rather well-liked because they had some good news on the corruption front . 
  before , they were pretty much in the shitter . 
  it simply comes in waves . 
  your decision to quit the eu has put you in the spotlight and you will remain there for the next year or so unless some other country takes a path that makes them the target of haters . 
  complaining does n't help . 
  put morons on ignore and stick to people like / u/laboe , / u/ewannnn , / u/nounhud , / u/countvontroll , / u/journo127 or / u/marktplatz - they write actually relevant stuff . 
  i am sorry to hear this , but i 'd ask you to reconsider . 
  / r/europe is tough love . 
  consider what kind of abuse greeks had to endure two or three years ago . 
  how the frogs get their surrender jokes rubbed in . 
  or the continuous rants about how germans are the evilz overlords . 
  it 's not about britain , it 's the resurgence of petty nationalism all across europe . 
  and it 's not stupid politicians alone playing games , it 's our neighbors , the common man in the street and maybe even us . 
   i feel spat on and unwelcome every time i read one of these comments . 
  that 's a sure sign of forum-burnout . 
  i have been around the web 20 years and have had this a couple of times . 
  take a break , drink a cuppa and enjoy the colors of the leaves on a walk . 
  spend less time on the web and you 'll find national stereotyping less hurtful . 
  refugee boats are n't of the safest kind, 
  i 'd say it 's simply a rebound from a couple of bad months . 
  also , the victory of afd could have shocked some folk who are not so happy with the neo-nationalists scoring double digits, 
  not to the extend people seem to believe . 
  the end is near , any time now !, 
   it is also common knowledge that middle-class and rich families have less children on average then poor families . 
  except for the rich , they have more children than the middle class . 
  does n't have to be a pyramid scheme if there 's a way for people to reconcile an interesting life with opportunities with having a family . 
  in the end , you wo n't get women to give birth , tend the household and that 's that . 
  in that direction lies population collapse . 
  however , humanity has been rather crafty in fixing problems once they get dire and i am sure they will work out ways to keep a sustainable population , eg .
