  it was the price for setting up and financing the esm . 
   otherwise , after the imf payment was skiped everyone would rush to the local bank and withdraw their deposits in panic . 
  people are withdrawing their savings for years now . 
  and this has accelerated since syriza came to power . 
  yeah , this is such a laughable appeal to emotions , i had a hard time reading on . 
  which is a shame because he makes some good points - not that i 'd agree to all of them , but they merit a discussion . 
  meh , i could argue `` giving up on greece fosters the trust of investors that rules will not be bent nilly-willy '' . 
  this kind of far-fetched arguments and their reach are pure conjecture . 
  the effect of a grexit for greece will be immediate and probably pretty noticeable . 
  british tourists have to convert to eur today ... 
  i just visited crete and we rented a small but nice apartment for 50 $ / night ... 
  not much content , they just lazily throw together a few links . 
  real content is [ here ] ( http://www.hakaimagazine.com/article-short/dr-eelgood ) , even though the writing is horrible . 
  for those who 'd rather read the original work , the [ abstract ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/jfd.12362/abstract ) is :  the aim of this study was the assessment of histological and hormonal changes induced in the european eel from environmental concentrations of cocaine . 
  silver eels were exposed to 20 ng l \u2212 1 of cocaine during 50 days ; at the same time , control , vehicle control and two post-exposure recovery groups ( 3 and 10 days ) were made . 
  the general morphology of the skin and the intestine , and the plasma levels of prolactin , cortisol and dopamine were evaluated . 
  in the skin , cocaine decreased the number and size of mucous cells , increased the thickness of the epidermis and altered the club cells and the basal lamina . 
  in the intestine , cocaine increased the thickness of the epithelium and the number of mucous cells and reactivated the structure of the intestine and of the intestinal musculature . 
  moreover , cocaine increased plasma prolactin , cortisol and dopamine levels . 
  these results suggest that cocaine induced histological changes , directly and/or through the hormonal changes observed . 
  considering the complex life cycle of the eel , the changes induced by cocaine in the skin , the intestine and the endocrine system could threaten the ability of the eel to successfully migrate and reproduce . 
   `` i hope it ( a deal ) will come very soon , on june 18 , when the eurogroup takes place , '' flabouraris , a close aid to greek prime minister alexis tsipras , told state television ert . 
  i doubt it , but i guess this is the last realistic chance to strike a deal . 
   you can not explain to a small child that electricity is dangerous because he has no idea what electricity is so ? 
  a small child will trust its parent to know stuff it does not do . 
  you explain to them they must not put their fingers in a socket , ever . 
  you have to observe them anyways , whether you use violence or not , so if you catch them you scold them . 
  it works . 
  not the first time , but after repetitions . 
  while a child is not psychologically mature , it has the same feelings of shame , guilt and betrayal as an adult , most likely even more acute and intense . 
  once you start using violence you instill fear in your child - fear of you , not of electricity . 
  the thing is , you can leave an abusive so as you rightly point out , your child can not leave its parents . 
  that 's why you have to tread extra lightly , you have way more responsibility not to cause harm . 
  furthermore , i 'd wager the bet that parents slapping their children 99 % of the time do it out of exasperation , not education . 
  children can drive you crazy and with little sleep and lots of stress , you start to lash out at the first thing that rubs you the wrong way . 
  everything else is just rationalization and sugarcoating . 
  also : very poor example , just buy the freaking child-protecting inserts and secure your power sockets . 
  costs about 50ct per socket . 
  that would be great , but i am pretty sure reporting about the eu in the press was more positive back then too . 
  well , you can make the point that tsipras et al are gambling away greek 's future . 
  much harder to make the point the other ez members are toying with the future of their countries . 
   without greece/cyprus eu/nato looses complete control of the eastern mediterannean * cough * turkey , israel ... 
  i see absolutely no indicators for that . 
  france is very much a core ez country , but has different economic cycles . 
  doubtful , i 'd say due to globalisation , low birth rates and digitalization . 
  this so much . 
  i grew up in the cold war times and the imperfect eu back then was so much of the promise of a bright future . 
  now everything has turned into shit , the eu is universally hated by southern europe , the uk and russia . 
  the euro may have contributed to a greek default and nobody believes it still has a future . 
  i miss the idealism of back then : /, 
  i always had to laugh when i saw the leek on your pound-coins though ... why not carrots ? 
  potatoes ? 
  there was no internet back then ... 
  right , that 's that then , i guess . 
  my hope for a last-minute resolution are getting really slim . 
  after all , any deal would have to pass several parliaments . 
  so , what comes after default ? 
  i doubt there is still the will for a third bailout program or esm money . 
  will all sides just look on as a failed state develops in europe ? 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't i guess . 
  unfortunately i ca n't see the current kanzler fulfilling that role . 
  since you seem to ignore it , the existence of the esm is a major ( very necessary ) concession of the rich ez countries towards the crisis countries . 
  it was subject of an intense debate and of two law suits over here . 
  furthermore , we know nothing about concessions offered in the ongoing negotiations because the negotiations are not public . 
  just because varoufakis does his drama spiel does not mean he is telling the full truth . 
  third , if i sell my car to a buddy of mine and he comes the next day and tells me he does n't feel like paying the full price agreed upon , then he should have really good arguments . 
  if he then complains i wo n't compromise , i 'd just tell him to get lost . 
  golly , seems like i have created a monster there . 
   then what ? 
  varoufakis has stated some days ago that they again want access to qe funds * . 
  so first get rid of that pesky imf that insists on repayments , then debt cut , then more money from the rescue fund , then greek banks buy greek bonds and sell them to the ecb . 
  then debt cut , wash , rinse , repeat . 
  [ * source  ( http://www.tagesspiegel.de/weltspiegel/in-english/yanis-varoufakis-interview-we-crossed-a-lot-of-our-red-lines/11890142.html )  what we are proposing is an intra-troika debt swap . 
  we have $ 27 billion that we owe to the ecb , bonds from 2010 and 2011 . 
  they are maturing now very quickly , $ 6.9 billion alone this summer . 
  these debts are a major problem because they prevent greece from participating in draghi 's `` quantitative easing ''  we should get a new loan from the esm , the e.u. 
  rescue fund , which can go directly to the ecb -- so it is neutral to the greek debt . 
  at least put the english version in front so people who ca n't read your language do n't have to skim down . 
  that would be common courtesy in a pan-european subreddit . 
  same thing why he brought his dog to a meeting with merkel full well knowing she 's terribly afraid of dogs . 
  well , well , i doubt that sentiment is very widespread in germany , 
   lenders have not at all . 
  that 's completely wrong . 
  you seem to be forgetting that a lot of what is now qe and the efsf , efsm and now esm is basically state-to-state financing prohibited in the eur treaties , just in disguise . 
  yeah lenders have not moved because syriza basically backtracked from approved promises and drew some red lines . 
   if greece does n't get the help they need from the eu member states , they 'll look for help in russia . 
  i ca n't see them doing that . 
  that would be openly throwing down the gauntlet to the whole eu and the us by extension . 
  in the short term they could block a lot of eu decisions , but in the long run , they 'd be excluded from most any western cooperation , maybe including nato . 
  with a massively superior and potentially hostile army just east of them and the middle east imploding , that 's not the best position to be in . 
  economically it could be devastating . 
  once the ecb starts squeezing their balls ( denying credit lines to the greek banks ) , they would be forced out of the eur and i am not sure moscow would pay the bill . 
  if russia does not and without any notable industry and probably tourism collapsing due to security concerns , their standard of living would absolutely crater for a decade or so . 
  however , i believe we are currently witnessing a mild version of this drama : merkel is [ on record ] ( http://www.worldaffairsjournal.org/content/merkel-%e2%80%98everything-must-be-done-keep-eurozone-together-politically%e2%80%99 ) saying everything must be done to keep the ez together , greece liquid and prevent default . 
  syriza seems ready to test this come end of june by defaulting to the imf and then waiting for what comes next . 
   my point is that you ca n't do anything you want to your kids . 
  sure i get this , but still , it seems like from a past history to me . 
  after all , would you want to get slapped by your so for doing something wrong ? 
  the author has a point there . 
  i believe the muddling through , veiled compromises and rescheduled decisions are hurting the eu and politics in general in the eyes of the voters .
