  muslims believe islam is the final and the only true religion . 
  that 's of course extremely rare among religions or ideologies . 
  do n't get all salty about it , adolf :-), 
  asking italy or greece to do anything about any topic is a lesson in futility . 
  so , no surprise . 
  awwww , even with the current hysteric fits , i 'd never thought anyone would be as daft as to resurrect spengler . 
  nice to see how / r/europe is mutating to a right-wing tinfoil hattery community . 
  what 's next up ? 
  bulgarians make up the most problematic group of migrants over here currently . 
  the country is getting a bad rap in some circles . 
  no way , that 's german public administration . 
  most likely , they have a rule they have to buy the absolute cheapest system every time and therefore have to deal with an unholy mix of crap hardware . 
  if you are [ that guy knopf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jim_button_and_luke_the_engine_driver ) , the kids will love you , 
  seems like they do n't have a centrally managed catalog of systems their sub-branches are allowed to buy . 
  and with 15k seats , they are too small for someone like dell to work with them designing a custom line of system.s, 
  come over to berlin , the software startup scene is strong here , it 's still not terribly expensive and people are chill . 
  and it 's warmer than in sweden or finland . 
  thanks , that 's most interesting . 
  the clubs with the worst fans should just be blocked for a season . 
  then they would take care that shit like that stops . 
   the train is mostly intact well , it 's only a couple thousand eur for the window and the panels . 
  if the asshats were made to pay for it , i 'd be fine . 
  but who 's the one who pays ? 
  in the end the regular customers of db . 
  - conductor comes : `` schiiiriiii nach auschwitz '' - senior citizens look annoyed : burping and farting - i want to pass through the group : `` ey , wiss auf mowl ? '', 
  it 's shit like that . 
  everyone with textpad and a torrent client can use the selector provided by euractiv to find them . 
  a lot of people do , for a lot of reasons - extortion , looking for their partners - and now it seems bad journalism as well . 
  shoddy work . 
  if at all , they should count only the verified mail addresses , even better only those who appear in the leaked mail dump or the cc transactions . 
  and even then , this would have reduced my respect for euractiv a lot , what business do they have snooping in people 's private lives . 
  as it stands , they just throw around unvalidated data . 
  please do !, 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  i still think banking on the eu mutual defense agreement is madness , but to each their own i guess . 
  the munich agreement ? 
   all of its neighbours are weaker you got ta be kidding me . 
  russia is by no means weaker . 
  it 's not only that , every critical voice will be buried by downvotes . 
  i do n't understand the mods anymore . 
  ok , you get spreewald , we take back silesia  the only thing spreewald is good for is gherkins . 
   you 're already bound by eu treaties to help defend finland  if a member state is the victim of an armed aggression on its territory , the other member states shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power , in accordance with article 51 of the un charter . 
  that 's nowhere as strong as the art . 
  5 of the nato treaty :  the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all if finland relies on the eu mutual defense clause , they are just dumb . 
  sure , but that 's in peace time and a poll . 
  the official reaction in times of territorial aggression would be completely different . 
  point is : you ca n't join nato any more if russia has started an invasion . 
  wait a minute , is still our clay !, 
  finland could n't realistically defend itself . 
  and the balts are part of nato , so they have security guarantees finland is lacking . 
  for the life of me i ca n't understand why finland and sweden would not join nato ... 
  i think you get three things wrong , 1 . no one in their right minds would issue them all as 10y bonds , you 'd spread them from 1y to 50 + years . 
  2 . if a hammer like that hit , the ecb would have to go on a buying spree . 
  the eur crisis has morphed the ecb into a lender of last resort in disguise and they would buy up a lot of those bonds . 
  germany has a lot to sell - 100bn eur in gold , loads of dollars , shares . 
  not a game-changer , but enough to soften the blow of having to take out huge loans for a while . 
  the thought gives me reichtangle-eyes ... ` \u00b0 \u00b0 `, 
  sure it would react and interest would go up . 
  i would n't want it , but the country could manage . 
  japan is back against the wall . 
  sure , but currently our yields are very low or even negative . 
  i do n't see a reason we could n't go into debt to 200 % . 
  japan could never go to 400 % . 
  germany could easily borrow an additional 100 % of gdp in case of a crisis and still be better off than japan now , that 's my point . 
  in a systemic you hardly lose your whole banking system . 
  yes , i feel bad about it , but to me they taste like manure . 
   ever other cabriolet in comparison looks like something a third world warlord would be driven in on his weekly parade . 
  what 's happened to elegant small cabrios ? 
  nowadays they all look like a f-35 on wheels . 
  well ... 
  there 's always going to be homelessness . 
  if you get your shit together , walk to the social security administration and ask for hartz iv or social security , they pay for a small flat . 
  as a german , you have a right to this . 
  the lowest rung on the social ladder frequently has other problems that make it hard for them to act in time , not blaming them , i know i would n't be able either . 
  so , no , refugees should not have to camp in tents or gyms till every homeless native german has found a home . 
  that 's a false dichotomy . 
  but we are still violating the 60 % maastricht debt ceiling . 
  so it 's still w\u00f6rk , w\u00f6rk and not being of partying . 
  it 's all about firepower . 
  i doubt japan would have the resources to bail out their banking system in case of a large systemic crisis . 
  reducing public debt means replenishing your arsenal . 
  but countries have to roll over debt continuously . 
  from extremely short-term t-bills to 50 + years . 
  if the money market dries up , you are fucked . 
  not that that 's a current problem for germany , though . 
  let 's start a petition to the bundestag !, 
  that animation was surprisingly helpful . 
  would you rather die a euro-canard ? 
  every country that so desires can leave the eu right now , there 's nothing that prevents that . 
  well , since you are not part of it in the first place , that 's not going to be much of a change . 
  we on the other hand should make it work . 
  if that means that some countries part ways , so be it . 
  sure , i was railing against britain . 
  you guys get the same treatment where you deserve it ( in that case iraq , afghanistan ) . 
  libya was the former european powers pretending they still have any say internationally . 
  obviously that wo n't work , because if some countries federalize ( not that i see it coming in my life time ) they will go beyond the single market and will introduce legislation that will influence market access . 
  it 's the same for the emu today to a lesser degree . 
  the core countries would influence the rest much more than vice versa , it 's the only workable thing . 
  not if said countries ( or their big brothers ) had been the driving force behind those resolutions . 
  bull .
