  i know , feels shitty , man . 
  i just do n't see a pro-european generation taking over any time soon . 
  people would rather live in sovereign misery than compromise with their neighbors, 
  that sounds so super-vague that you could get elected on that platform . 
  that 's wrong in more than one way . 
  first , the hate started with the emu crisis and the way that was handled . 
  i wo n't be taking sides here , but that was the first occasion where germany called the shots in the eu - with the predictable reaction . 
  second , merkel did n't start the syrian war or the rise of isis . 
  what we are witnessing there is qualitatively different from the rest of the arab spring unrests - it is our current-day genocide . 
  wars invariably lead to waves of refugees - that was true in yugoslavia ( we still have ~ 1m from there living in germany ) or ukraine . 
  in our day and age , the people living in countries where a genocidal war starts will no longer sit still and die there , they will flee to safety . 
  europe was way too happy that they had fucked over italy and greece into dealing with those problems . 
  that kind of nimby politics only works so long till it breaks . 
  it 's not even bad that germany is not universally loved - hegemonic countries never are . 
  what germany needs is a mind-set like the usa : accept that some people will hate you whatever you do but implement flexible politics of mutual benefit to get the leaders of smaller countries on board . 
  you are n't wrong , merkel is n't one of our `` great europeans '' like schmidt back in the day or even kohl . 
  she is from a soviet cultural background and it shows . 
  unfortunately , with the eur financial crisis and calls for eurobonds ( which are seen as a blatant money-grab ) , trust in a federal approach will be met with much resistance in conservative german quarters . 
  merkel and her government might not have preferred to be the hegemonial power in the eu , but seem to have found a liking for it . 
  i think people are grappling with the globalization and the feeling they can not influence the way a global village works . 
  together with the rising inequality they look back to the nation state as a secure haven . 
  our grandparents were still shocked from the way europe went on a bloody rampage * again * and were more ready to go for a united europe , but that memory has more or less died . 
  today , people are a tad too confident they live in eternal peace and do n't need to compromise with their neighbor countries any more . 
  the fact that our societies are not producing enough offspring to sustain themselves does n't help either . 
  there is only the choice between economic stagnation and ultimately decline ( at least relative to asian nations and the usa ) or a lot of migration . 
  that of course creates even more fears of losing the cultural continuity that has been the unique sales proposition of the nation state . 
  for centuries , europe has been both the home of the world-leading international forces and the dismal continent . 
  i do n't see any reason why the first attempt at overcoming that will succeed - at least not in economically uncertain times . 
  democracy and peace are fair-weather happenings . 
  it would n't be too difficult . 
  most everyone in front of those screens already has a camera in their pockets . 
  with a simple app ( or even a qr-coded url ) , those cameras could connect to the screen . 
  of course , it will never look like a looking glass into the other country , if only because it is 2d . 
  but it would look good enough to get people to engage . 
   or * even * religious teachings eh ... 
  that 's why sex education should be focused on the consent principle and about teaching kids to find resources . 
   who decides what is and is n't pleasurable ? 
  those who want to engage in it , if they are adults and able to consent . 
  according to [ the bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36874497 ) , his name is david ali s. 
  absolutely , it is always a question of reduction , not complete suppression . 
  in the munich case , it was neither a soviet weapon nor one from the yugo wars , it 's an austrian gun . 
  i have had it with gun apologists muddying the subject . 
  tougher gun laws make it harder for everyone . 
  gun laws in germany are way too lax, 
  old-style bavarian with balls of steel . 
  german police at this time do , though . 
  that could still change , but currently there 's no terror connection . 
  if there had been decades of inaction , we 'd probably not be facing the daily terror we do ( hint : hydrocarbons ) . 
  a fuckhead like trump will only make things worse . 
  probably radicalized himself on the internet . 
  it 's basically a couple of threads from / r/europe pasted together . 
  one weizen , one ma\u00df - you made it to a good place it seems . 
  give your host the best from reddit , he 's awesome . 
  however this turns out , trump us a sleazy asshole and his generalizations are crap . 
  you would be surprised . 
  norway pays as well ? 
  it 's our common market now , you want to use it , you pay for it . 
   you ca n't be half in and half out . 
  i 'd say that is exactly hollande 's point , 
  yeah , but they are more or less a `` feed the top 5 % '' - party . 
  they are mostly a moderate libertarian/neoliberal party focused on achieving a small state and relaxed worker and environmental protection . 
  their latest term in office , one of the key measures they pushed through was a reduction in vat for hotels ( because owners of tourist infrastructure belong to their voter base ) . 
  that 's not the kind of policy i expect from a progressive/liberal party . 
  westerwelle , their foreign minister , pushed for no german participation in libya though , that was a wise move . 
  well , if they are out , they are out . 
  it will be us that get headaches . 
  actually no , pragmatist . 
  if you look at the eu , it has completely stalled since the expansion of 2004 and a huge part of that is because it is overstretched with 27 members . 
  i included ireland in the core because they had this huge crisis a couple of years ago and managed to pull together and fix it . 
  that 's the kind of spirit i seek in countries to form a common government and maybe a federation with . 
  if we had a proper progressive/liberal party , i 'd vote for them ( and thereby alde ) , but we do n't . 
  so it 's either greens-efa ( though i dislike the luddite aspect of the greens and the regional nationalists like the catalan independence party ) or s&d ( though i am really not too fond of our social democrats ) . 
  in german state elections , i used to vote for the pirates , but they are mostly dead now . 
  so , i am without a real political home currently . 
  we were real lucky m\u00f6llemann died in that parachute jump , else he 'd probably have tried to pull the fdp into the right-wing populist direction , similar to fp\u00d6 . 
  unfortunately , fdp , our liberal party has completely lost the faction fighting for civil liberties , european integration , freedom from surveillance , hands-off regulation of internet content and so on . 
  they simply want to further the economic welfare of the 5 % . 
  to my shame i must admit that i know shit about bulgaria , except that it 's poor and hot ( or that 's what my bulgarian colleague tells me ) . 
  core in that case is n't necessarily geographically close , i.e. 
  ireland would be considered a core county . 
  however , i do n't know how to deal with countries like greece or romania which maybe would want to join , but which i 'd rather not . 
  the only remotely workable way towards a closer eu integration would be a two-track europe : reduce the role of eurosceptic countries in the eu and allow them to enjoy their small-country nationalism while handful of core eu countries go forward to deeper integration . 
  regarding islam , islamism and its perspective , i found this an interesting if depressing read : http://www.abc.net.au/religion/articles/2016/07/19/4503354.htm, 
  i 'd guess that even if a asylum claim was unsuccessful in the end , the current state of affairs in turkey would lead to some kind of tolerated residence status because extraditions to unsafe countries are n't allowed . 
  it also encourages russia to give things a try . 
   what exactly is preventing the us from reducing it 's defense budget ( other than the whole iraq disaster begin a drain for decades ) if they think it 's too damn high ? 
  a huge domestic shit-storm from the military/industrial complex . 
  wait for the producers of military hardware to call their representatives and tell them in no uncertain term what happens to the tax income of their state . 
  also : the us spends like crazy for r&d to keep russia and china in check - both countries ( especially russia ) have to spend proportionally more of gdp to keep pace . 
  i am not sure policy makers really want eu countries to pool resources and maybe become a competitor in the high-tech space . 
  a neutered europe is better to them than a third block to outspend . 
  well , we had [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forest_swastika ) ... 
  i fully understand and that 's why i wrote ideally . 
  i believe culturally and economically , they would be a good fit , but that 's just me , 
  no prob . 
  the uk will save billions they currently give to the eu so they can as well use them to pay for productive members of society - lawyers in that case . 
   who will they blame then ? 
  spanish trawlers , like before . 
  get a good ( better : a great ) education . 
  either in the medical field or it/stem .
