  as we should . 
  but you can overdo a good thing and i fear the whole syriza fiasco is a sign that we have gone too far . 
  i do n't want to defend the current german administration too much , they clearly made things worse . 
  but it simply was not germany that pressed for greece joining . 
   how we act in the coming weeks i dunno , man . 
  this has been brewing for years and trust has substantially eroded by now . 
  the unfolding of the crisis in greece probably is the death knell of a deeper integration in europe . 
  money quote :  ** it might be said that while greece owes us money , we owe greece an apology . 
  and with an apology comes obligations . 
  **  everybody agrees that greeks , after years of clientist politics , were the authors of their own misfortunes . 
  but what is not so readily agreed on is that europe , and the imf , have compounded and multiplied those troubles . 
  austerity has made things much , much worse . 
  european money has been wasted to inefficiently prop up a greek economy in terminal condition in large part because of european policies . 
  and he is . 
  i 'd say it was a lapse and he was addressing the government and not the voters, 
  i do n't know what 's up with him . 
  at least merkel and sch\u00e4uble have the decency to go silent after some grumbling , even juncker keeps his trap shut . 
  what 's up with france ? 
  as it stands , what would we risk ? 
  that the us stops being a military partner . 
  does not seem that much of a risk for once and well , stopping military partnership so the us can not threaten us to stop it seems nonsensical . 
  also : the us will never withdraw from europe , no matter how we leech off their military protection . 
  slovenia can into space !, 
   it should already know how good whatever collateral it has is already . 
  true and based on that , they should have cut off ela long ago . 
  it is completely wrong that they wait for the referendum , with the default on the imf no one can pretend that greece or the greek banks are still solvent . 
  they are raping their own rules , it 's no longer funny . 
   the ecb is entering into political waters here . 
  every central bank is constantly navigating in them . 
  it 's not like the spying would stop ... 
  wow , mr. gloom & doom is a prolific writer lately . 
  ok , then just use money to throw helicopters at them . 
  problem solved . 
  [ best explanation i have seen ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/3bhwij/what_is_going_on_in_greece/csmdlng ), 
  even in a different world , what did he hope would happen ? 
  was he in fact trying to drain the atm 's to make the situation even more dire ? 
  in iceland , they are still on . 
  i love the soyuz rockets . 
  they belong to a different time and look like they are steam-powered . 
  fingers crossed for the \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0433\u0440\u0435\u0441\u0441 mission !, 
  all you need is some helicopters to drop the money . 
  problems solved . 
  wait ... 
  ahahaha , great one !, 
   we can assume any collateral held against these loans , as well as any greek bonds held by the ecb outright are more or less worthless . 
  that 's a pretty strong assumption . 
  since the whole argument depends on it , he 'd better back it up with some figures . 
   in short , the ecb 's balance sheet , which is heavily dependent on eurozone bond prices not collapsing , is itself extremely vulnerable to the knock-on effects from greece . 
  except that the ecb is the issuer of the eur and conjure the stuff out of thin air . 
  the ez public would not take kindly to the ecb printing trillions of eur , but we are talking about a couple of hundred billions . 
   end note on gold no sensationalist article about central banks and fiat money would be complete without . 
  merkel : look , we already had this talk , you need to stop ... ambassdor : uh huh merkel : ... stop bugging us . 
  it makes me look bad in public ambassdor : < looks at ceiling  merkel : ... at least secure your databases . 
  those leaks disturb my politics !, 
  ambassdor : you still talking about that ? 
  merkel : besides it damages the image of the usa in the german public ... ambassdor : we are the us of fucking a !, 
  ** murrica fuck yeah !, 
  in fact it pains me but i think privacy is dead and that can not be fixed . 
  digital communication can not be secured against snooping . 
   this is it exactly imo . 
  it 's not stretching it to think that it could be abused , especially against minorities . 
  but ... you ca n't be serious . 
  the uk is completely bugged , there 's cctv and facial recognition everywhere . 
  there 's the gchq and the nsa recording about every digital message . 
  smartphones can be associated with a person and tracked across the country . 
  credit - and debit card purchases can be recorded and investigated . 
  if you worry about abuse , that 's where you should be concerned , not some plastic card that can be forged . 
   makes it harder for people to hide their identity . 
  in this day and age , your privacy is compromised if you have a smartphone in your pocket and move . 
  nsa and your gchq are most likely tracking each and every phone and of course are associating it with a person . 
  there is no hiding of your identity in the digital age unfortunately . 
  i do n't think the id matters in the big picture . 
  [ varoufakis denies that there was one in 2013 ] ( http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2014/04/24/greek-statistics-are-back-primary-deficit-presented-as-surplus-with-eurostats-seal-of-approval/ ) though . 
  iirc however , in 2015 it was real and higher than expectations . 
  yeah , so ? 
  we 've had this debate for years now . 
  does n't change a whole lot now , does it . 
  after the crash in 2008 , unit labor costs in germany rose considerably and those in greece crashed . 
  your guess is as good as mine . 
  my pet idea is that the ez leaders and the ecb are well aware of the need for a debt cut . 
  they are too timid on the one hand and on the other hand would not want to ease the pressure on greece to follow through with the tougher reforms . 
  the next federal election in germany is in 2017 . 
  i 'd therefore expect some kind of debt cut next year if tsipras and varoufakis step down . 
  if they stay in office i do n't know how there would be a debt forgiveness at all . 
  well , the car is easily identified , but the driver of the car is not necessarily the owner . 
  i have been in accidents and the police had everyone identified in minutes . 
  swipe id , write out a protocol . 
  seems the rational thing to do . 
  german efficiency above all !, 
  commit to debt cuts at least . 
  i ca n't see a cool 50bn in funds going to greece . 
   is arguably the root of the issue that some people in the uk have with it btw . 
  but , why would you be so hung up on the past ? 
  it 's not like the uk is nazi germany . 
  and if it was , the cctv 's coupled with face recognition would be much worse . 
  the more you know ... thanks . 
   except you do n't have to carry your driving license even whilst driving you have to over here . 
  and while i do n't care about carrying your id one way or another , i think the obligation to carry your driver 's license is a good thing . 
  it makes everything so much easier in case of an accident . 
  of course it it .
