  i guess , in the us it 's the chlorine that causes the taste , but i am not sure . 
  what do you prefer on your table , tasty beer or slimy snails ? 
  it is hard to generalize across the eu when it comes to cultural attitudes . 
  for instance , france is very secular , whereas poland and ireland are much less so . 
  in germany , evolution is a less controversial topic than in the us - a politician who goes on record doubting evolution would find himself at the receiving end of some not-so-positive articles . 
  politicians do n't take a stand on evolution , it is just part of the scholl curriculum and not even the churches are against it . 
  there 's a small controversy about religious sects that want to home-school their children which is not allowed over here . 
  since they are borderline nutjobs , the reporting is not exactly sympathetic . 
  our big elephant in the room , when it comes to religions , is islam . 
  many people are really critical about it ( not that the average german knows a lot about islam ) , but few politicians take a stand and media reporting is not so great . 
  when our ex-president stated that islam is part of germany , there was some grumbling in the conservative camp . 
   is it unimaginable no , but it ** is ** the minority of male hookers . 
   `` behind these figures , there are about 20,000 people who need help , '' said marie nyman , a spokeswoman for the board . 
  uhm no ? 
  they are not automatically trafficked poor immigrants . 
  they might just be making money . 
   `` we have a hard time understanding why guys outnumber girls , '' she said . 
  what the hell ? 
  because as a young and fit gay guy , you can make easy money by cruising gay bars ? 
  sweden 's attitude towards prostitution is seriously retarded . 
  small wonder they do n't get gay prostitution at all . 
  protecting the poor rich from eviction from their 30m homes ? 
  bit strange ... 
  because the turks invaded cyprus ? 
  still , laying this age-old rivalry to rest would be sound politics esp . 
  for greece , the weaker of the two . 
  well , swedes just should live according to sharia and no-one would get hurt . 
  this kind of article really angers me . 
  what has anti-americanism to do with anything ? 
  is the us again the navel of the world ? 
   bribery is , in fact , endemic in romanian life : politics merely mirrors social norms . 
  and this will only change with a positively jacobin drive to rout corruption . 
  you ca n't fight endemic corruption with some nice guidelines for civil servants and a prayer . 
  first and foremost , people have to be afraid of consequences , and only later should due process and all that be balanced against efficiency . 
   sorry , but 3 dead soldiers a day is a very good ceasefire . 
   what say you christians and muslims alike should we establish the fund and build a grand church in mecca ? 
  go ahead , as an atheist i could care less about your medieval quarrels . 
  otoh , multi-polar europe was shit . 
  too many equally big players going to war against each other . 
  the only multi-polar world i 'd trust would be a bureaucratic monster like the eu , so slow and process-oriented that it stifles any attempts at fostering war . 
  that 's a new dimension of bending over and taking it from behind . 
  some diseases are correlated with the weather . 
  sunny and warm is better than rainy and cold for avoiding tuberculosis . 
  `` w\u00f6rk , w\u00f6rk '' , 
  it is making some inroads , but by and large , the climate is still more relaxed . 
   so you called americans brainwashed nationalists , it 's troops baby killers and claim the us is the most evil force of imperialism on earth i did ? 
  if greece hired some rockstar-data scientists to sift through financial transactions and tax reports , they could enforce quite far-reaching honesty . 
  i believe a small country in a severe crisis has a better chance to implement such a policy , what remains to be seen is if greece is this country . 
  my bet would be on one of the baltics . 
  bullshit , i am pretty pro-america , check my posting history . 
  i just reserve criticism where it is due . 
  even for god 's own country ^ tm, 
  thanks for sharing , this confirms a nagging suspicion i had for some time about blokes like krugman , stiglitz or m\u00fcnchau and their ultra-agggressive keynsian cure for everything . 
   the point is more or less that the airtraffic control sees the typhoon , so he also knows where the tupolev is . 
  thanks , / u/larlin289 [ set me right ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2xrqrv/passenger_planes_dodged_russian_bombers/cp2vxva ) on this . 
  i did not take into account that while military radar will see the tupolevs , this info is not automatically shared with every plane in the sector . 
   if we just sit back and watch isis do their thing , i 'm sure things would 've been worst . 
  i have no solution to offer , i just believe isis did not come out of the blue , neither did al quaida . 
  maybe it is too late now and the us needs to bomb them . 
  but i have no trust in american political strategical ( as opposed to military strategial ) thinking . 
   those were not defensive weapons and it was n't a state government . 
  please , germany is giving atgm 's to the pesh , america gave stingers to the mujaheddin . 
  both are usually considered defensive weapons . 
   so you 're fully in support of the soviet invasion and war . 
   so about that bet ? 
  how much do you really believe in what you say ? 
  i am not a gambling man . 
  our politicians do n't have the balls for something like that . 
   you do n't think a debate about defensive weapons to help promote peace is peaceful ? 
  no , case in point : afghanistan 's mujaheddin in the 1980 's and us weapons there . 
  the situation was bad enough with the ussr waging war , but nothing good came of the american stinger missiles and anti-tank weapons . 
   you mean bombing isis was not a good idea ? 
  where did i position myself whether that is a good idea , a bad idea or morally imperative ? 
  i 'd just like to remind everybody that arming the mujaheddin lead to the taliban , contributed to al quaida , which caused 9/11 . 
  the following destabilization of iraq helped create isis . 
  fighting assad helped spread isis . 
  i think the constant war mongering of the us together with the complete lack of any strategy that last longer than 5 to 10 years is a huge factor in the constant wars in the middle east . 
  then we should summon / u/ltburtreynolds to ask him which us havoc in canada ( s ) he is referring to . 
   but you only have to look a bit down on this very thread to see it . 
  all i can read there is bantering . 
   you think the us did n't pull our troops fr iraq/afghanistan ? 
  you do n't think the us is focusing more on sanctions now than war ? 
  yeah well , the us has always pulled back troops from one war and then started another . 
  i do n't think the way they are currently pondering the delivery of weapons to ukraine is very peaceful - however morally just it would be . 
  it 's your next war in the making . 
  or the one in syria . 
  or maybe in iran . 
  obama might be a nice enough man , but i do n't believe the one after him will be . 
  there are enough flash points that warrant bringing sweet sweet liberty to them . 
   we are ending our wars and focusing more on sanctions is that what you believe ? 
  no , from keynes ` bury gold idea to ben ` s helicopter money , this has been proposed . 
  and i have yet to read about necessary adjustments in the south from krugman . 
  that guy believes greece is a miniature us . 
  poff , those are rusty and old anyways . 
  besides , you bought new ones long ago . 
  say , those new bikes , do they need protection ? 
   think about it , a lightning or similar going up to intercept the half century old bear splendid !, 
  such a pity the old spitfires would not be fast enough for the job ... 
  ok , good point . 
   so you 're saying that austerity does not cause lower income and employment ?
