  our government clearly does what it does best in the face of an imminent crisis : nothing . 
  they just wait and see . 
  lack or resources is luckily not one of our problems . 
  if those were all refugees from ukraine , people were in favor of taking them in . 
  however , many people over the whole spectrum are afraid of a large muslim minority and what that means for a liberal society . 
  so public support is shaky - pics of drowned children increase support currently , but it 's not a given it stays that way . 
   a boy who sent a naked photograph of himself to a girl at school has had the crime of making and distributing indecent images recorded against him by police , the bbc has learnt . 
   the boy , aged 14 , who was not formally arrested or charged , but could have his details stored for at least 10 years . 
   the information could also be disclosed to future employers , his mother said . 
  sk\u00e5l , my buddies , 
  i hope you read the fine-print . 
  if you do n't pay up , you 'll have to submit to austerity , 
  a lot of commenters here on / r/europe would support his case , though . 
  i doubt our economy is * based * on that , it would not be much more than a blip on the radar . 
  i had no idea there was that much smuggling going on , though . 
   we have a principle call subsidiarity after all , and it means decisions should be made on the lowest possible level . 
  the lowest possible level to decide on regulating alcohol prices in scotland is , well , scotland . 
  but this is exactly where it was decided ? 
  it was n't the eu commission or one of the other eu branches , it was decided in scotland . 
  the principle of subsidiarity does not mean , however , that each region can simply do as they please , they are still bound by national and eu right . 
  and proper procedure means they can be taken to court over it . 
  if you want to argue the court did a political , not juridical , decision , then i 'd like to see the arguments for that . 
  the court has not denied the possibility of minimum prices , they simply say that this is a market-distorting move that needs more solid reasons . 
  and they pointed to increased taxation as a preferred means to reach the same end . 
  hehe , read and weep : http://www.amazon.de/glenlivet-jahre-mit-geschenkverpackung-0-7/dp/b00ckl4r24 - we can mail-order the stuff for much cheaper , 
   loan of 200 million euros oh , i know how it goes from here . 
  a year down the road , evil germany is the bad guy for wanting that money back . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  not every asylum seeker burns their papers , that 's a legend so we feel better not allowing them in . 
  it 's also not like everyone claiming asylum can stay , but even in so called `` safe countries '' like the balkans there are groups that have legit reasons to claim asylum here . 
  yeah , it 's not like there 's a war in syria or something . 
  i like that `` simply '' ... 
  it more or less has happened , the racists already have come over . 
   these are both eurozone/shengen issues respectively no , the migrant crisis has nothing whatsoever to do with schengen , that 's just british complacency . 
  if we did n't have schengen , we 'd have a humanitarian disaster in greece , italy and northern africa right now . 
  it 's all well and good to lay back , tell everyone `` told you so '' and feel smug . 
  but that 's an attitude that i find extremely odious for a european country . 
  if you no longer subscribe to protecting basic human rights , you should leave the eu , and fast . 
  you are letting humans down right now by disregarding one of the [ articles of the declaration of human rights ] ( http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/index.shtml#a14 ) :  everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution . 
  and frankly , that 's disgusting . 
  ca n't say i am fond of those antisemitic memes , but 10/10 for trolling . 
  on that scale , it 's an art form . 
   i 'm not suggesting you attack either side , but force projection of peace is needed now -- peace-keeping that 's just empty words papering over the fact that you - as we all - have no real idea how to resolve this . 
  not again . 
  the last botched attempts created isis . 
  this has zero to do with schengen or the eu or the eur . 
  this is a humanitarian crisis right in the neighborhood of europe , not something of germany 's making . 
  if anything , your foolish attempts at playing world police in libya has made the situation much worse . 
  it seems , britain has opted out of basic humanitarian rights at this point . 
  visiting your country , i tried both whale and horse . 
  horse tasted better , but it had a sweetish taste that was n't to my liking . 
  i can understand how you 'd get used to it though . 
  does n't taste so great - a bit like beef with fish flavor . 
  oh come on now ... 
  not again . 
  if someone wants to intervene there , they absolutely must be prepared to stay for 30 years and devote considerable sums to nation-building . 
  just bombing the shit out of isis is not going to do much . 
  the last military interventions of the west were all absolutely miserable failures that brought the current situation upon our heads . 
  i did n't claim blair did n't start wars . 
  and the refugee crisis is not `` other countries problems '' . 
  well , if the uk is choosing to keep out of everything , they should not be surprised that someone else steps up and takes the lead . 
  germany has historically been extremely reluctant to tell others in europe what to do . 
  with the end of the blair gov ' t ( maybe a bit later ) , the only impulses out of britain were bombing the shit out of the middle east without reason or strategy . 
  i 'd rather see a balance between paris , berlin and london , but that only works if positive impulses come from everyone . 
  just standing on the brakes will not garner you more influence in times of crisis . 
  which both are footed mostly by germany , coincidentally . 
  while britain is playing all holy . 
   white is just too simple not the better whites like riesling . 
  they can be surprisingly complex . 
   that is why there should be transfers of money from germany to greece instead of demands for more austerity . 
  uhm , there are transfers ? 
  boring as shit , it seems to be named [ channel river ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/channel_river ) . 
  was hoping for something more doggerish . 
  you do not seem to understand that unit labor costs in germany [ have been rising faster than the emu average ] ( http://econbrowser.com/archives/2015/07/greece-is-internal-devaluation-enough ) since 2008 . 
  you might also want to read up on more recent developments , like even the washington street journal [ reporting on germany 's rising wages ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/germanys-rising-wages-bode-well-for-global-economy-1428861139 ) . 
  it would be , yes . 
  unfortunately i have no way of finding it from here . 
  what were the ** exact ** words you entered ? 
  lol, 
  that was long before there were any written records . 
  well , i have given up on trying to understand the current nationalistic wave in the uk , i just know that given the extremely close relationship to the usa , i would be concerned about my country 's interest if their political establishment starts shit-talking my pm . 
  actually i think it 's a completely common word on imageboards and reddit . 
  outside , no one would understand it here . 
   the us economy is n't exactly healthy is it ? 
  what ? 
  i mean , in contrast to the european economies it is health itself , is n't it ? 
  personally , i think as a small-ish country , the uk ( as germany and france and others ) need free-trade zones like ttip would offer and the eu does . 
  today , our per-capita gdp is exceptional , but that might change . 
   we certainly do n't want ttip anymore . 
  is that official ? 
  because it seems to me the uk does not want or need anything lately . 
  not the eur ( understandable right now ) , not the eu , not ttip ... 
  well , even the usa does n't trust cameron on europe : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/hillary-clinton/11835908/close-aide-warned-hillary-clinton-that-david-cameron-would-be-no-partner-to-us.html, 
   deeply anti-european and will be disingenuous with you but not honest david ? 
  the guy who has to extort the eu against his will as otherwise the uk voters would vote for exit . 
   is that the eu is allowing illegal and unknown immigrants to cross our borders and stay without any limits or due process . 
  that 's not even halfway true but a big fat lie , but let 's read on . 
   if i were isis , the first thing i would be doing now is blending in with the refugees crossing the first schengen border countries , and then separating and meeting up with an established terrorist cell to avoid being found and to plan an attack on the eu . 
  i am not an expert on isis ideology , but from what i learned , they want to erect a caliphate in the middle east , not divert their forces to commit terror in europe . 
  if it was so easy , why did n't they already ?
