  of course , it is always easy to claim `` if they only did what i say they should , the crisis would be over much faster '' , but that is impossible to prove if you treat each counter-example as an exception to the rule . 
  they kind of , sort of have a point , but - do they have a mandate from europe for that , or is is more a national army that can be used to protect europe ? 
  - on the same vein , does europe or at least the immediate neighbors have any say on how the french army is used ? 
  bringing this up at a time where the deficit it persistent and getting uncomfortable is a bit weak , it 's fishing for arguments . 
  also : source in french ? 
   by no means are `` ultimate proof '' of anything . 
  i am totally [ cool with that ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3492rw/the_austerity_delusion_paul_krugman_business/cqshnr5 ), 
  otoh , the other extreme is large public sector countries with 1.4 % and small ones with 7 % . 
  there is a clear tendency there - it can not tell you if the correlation with public sector size is by chance or by causation , or if there are other factors and public sector size is just a confounding factor , but the correlation is pretty obvious . 
  in the case of krugman , his bias is pretty obvious , is n't it ? 
  he never seems to look for counter cases or not so clear cases , he just is right all the time . 
   would take krugman 's analysis a lot more serious if it came without the dumb sensationalism this ever so much . 
  he paints a complete black and white picture of the world and is unable to admit errors or allow for some uncertainty . 
   greece is now seen as it should have been seen from the beginning -- as a unique case , with few lessons for the rest of us . 
  wait a minute , is that the same krugman who was harping on how the greek debt crisis was supposedly [ not a greek problem ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/05/17/not-a-greek-problem/ ) to begin with ? 
  so what makes it a special case now ? 
  and might even the flawless mr. krugman have been wrong all along ? 
   the austerian ideology that dominated elite discourse five years ago has collapsed , to the point where hardly anyone still believes it . 
  well , except in those countries who were successful with austerity . 
  it 's nice that krugman and his fellows [ actively close their eyes ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2012/09/13/paul-krugmans-baltic-problem/ ) to what happened in the baltic countries and ridicule them even though they are going strong in spite of all the gloom and doom predictions . 
  he grudgingly [ acknowledges ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/12/opinion/paul-krugman-greece-economy-mad-as-hellas.html ) that ireland is another success story ( '' ireland , for example , is finally growing again , '' ) , but not without finding something to complain about ( because high unemployment is ever so uncommon in countries coming out of recessions ) about latvia : krugman :  we 're looking at a depression-level slump , and 5 years later only a partial bounceback ; unemployment is down but still very high , and the decline has a lot to do with emigration . 
  it 's not what you 'd call a triumphant success story facts :  this commitment to fiscal prudence , and latvia 's subsequent growth of 5.5 percent in 2011 and 4.5 percent in 2012 , has led the country to be feted by proponents of austerity , such as german chancellor angela merkel . 
   it seems like people believe the public sector to be structurally inefficient and `` corrupt '' without having any explanations as to why this should be . 
  well , it is not just belief , it can be [ empirically shown ] ( http://www.ccsenet.org/journal/index.php/res/article/view/13473 ) : - the average rate of growth in countries with large public sectors ranged between 1.4 and 3 % . 
  - in countries with medium-sized public sectors the rate of growth ranged from 1.5 to 4.6 % - in countries with small public sectors it ranged between 3 to 7 % . 
   their livelihoods do n't generally depend on pushing a specific policy that 's certainly untrue . 
  if you want to make yourself a name in academia , you have to overthrow the leading ideology | theory and replace it with your own . 
  `` publish or perish '' - and you wo n't publish a high-impact paper confirming a widely accepted theory . 
  relax , i know it 's a joke , i was just tongue-in-cheeking along . 
  i trust the eurogroup ministers did not throw wine glasses and probably did n't paw his motorcycle . 
  thanks a lot , that makes sense . 
  i could see hungary devolving into a state similar to italy under berlusconi , but even he did not try to mess with the constitution that much . 
  that 's a different type of crazy . 
  sch\u00e4uble and lafontaine were assisted by honest-to god mentally ill persons with paranoid delusions . 
  angry people overreact . 
  so the miracle economics of that right-wing asshole did not work out huh ? 
  what a surprise . 
  i can see where you are coming from , but i 'd still say yes . 
  to me , it is the liberation from one of the vilest dictatorships ever . 
  nothing wrong if other countries see it as the liberation from german oppression - there are more than one truths here . 
  multi-round game theory of games involving a group vs. an individual . 
  what happens exactly if one eu country tries to introduce the death penalty ? 
  the ecj would strike it down , most likely , but what if the country still goes ahead ? 
  so , of our nine neighbor countries , only poland and czech republic have lower wages ( thanks to communism ) . 
  just great : /, 
  meh , seems it is somewhat apocryphal at best . 
  thanks for doubting . 
  probably prague would be better - at least one of the core eu institutions should be located in the central/eastern countries . 
  but as far as i am concerned , i do n't really care . 
  if france wants it so badly , they should have it . 
  we are especially [ good ] ( http://imgur.com/2eg7iwo ) at it concerning belgium , 
  stop it already , eesti , you can not into nordic !, 
  otoh , we could also claim that the russian aggression ( or what western media makes out of it ) is just what the western defense industry needs . 
  i 'd say both are a bit far-fetched and paranoid . 
  berlin would be the most logical choice , 
   so the west clearly shows that he doesnt care . 
  actually , the west cares , that 's why a lot of western leaders came in 2005 and none now . 
  it cares in the sense that it sees putin as a present danger to world peace . 
  you do n't got partying with one dictator to celebrate the victory over another . 
   for a brexit , these terms would be pretty certain . 
  i am not so sure . 
  what happens to free migration , will the uk cancel it and risk a major spat with the eu ? 
  what happens to * cepol * and * european banking authority * , ie . 
  how long would they be able to stay in britain ? 
  what happens to co-financing for projects like hinkley that are in the late planning stages ? 
  every government and multinational company had a couple of years to prepare for grexit now . 
  i sure hope this level of relationship continues - it has to be the best our countries ever had . 
  keep it up , poles , you guys are great . 
  i am not sure the belgians are fond of the rest of the eu deciding over their heads . 
  i did n't exactly buy that either , but i ca n't find sources to refute it . 
  at best , greek pensions seem 79 % of german ones - presumably nominal values . 
  no , i think the us presence has mostly served both parts well - we save on military spending , the us gets a lot of influence on our politics . 
  and the us feeds a huge military-industrial complex - without the presence in europe , i doubt they 'd be able to sell crap like the f-35 to britain . 
  i 'd be ok with the us withdrawing if germany got the right to develop our own nukes and strategic missiles , but i ca n't see that happening . 
  yeah that 's completely likely . 
  just look up the median income development . 
  i am too old to admire dick-waving like varoufakis has displayed . 
  it leads nowhere but as stand-off . 
   indeed , if pensions are adjusted for elder population , greece is middle of the pack i found the same chart in [ this article ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/brussels/2015/02/27/greeces-pension-system-isnt-that-generous-after-all/ ) . 
  depending on the metrics used , it is either the most generous in europe or at least in the middle . 
  unfortunately we do n't know if the number in the chart ( around 15000eur/year ) is ppp eur or nominal - i guess nominal . 
  in that case , a greek pensioner earns roughly 79 % of a german one . 
  that 's nowhere near poverty . 
  at any rate in 2012 it was not significantly worse than germany 's and much more expensive than say the system in the uk . 
  i do n't want so sound heartless , after all pensioners are vulnerable because the can not just emigrate or look for better jobs . 
  nevertheless , i have a hard time squaring the chart with your statement `` reducing even more pensions which is simply not feasibly if one wants people to live '' . 
   all these while syriza was stating in all tones that they want 100 % greece in euro !, 
  well , they pretty much stated they want greece in the euro zone on their terms . 
  that was illusionary from the beginning . 
  i have grown incredibly pessimistic as of late . 
  i think the friday meeting was the last real chance , and varoufakis blew it . 
  time is running out and obviously mutual distrust is so great that no one will move first for a pragmatic solution . 
  merkel is not macho enough to stand up and just cut the gordian knot and to hell with the domestic reactions . 
  tsipras seems to young and leftist to just bend over and take it until july and then fuck promises and juncker is a clown . 
   thing is that varoufakis does n't really get this kind of ` alpha vs beta ' dominance-games huh ? 
  have you watched him with cameron or with dijsselbloem ? 
  the guy is an alpha-male if there ever was one . 
  part of the problem is that his negotiation position does not fit his ego and - typical for a-types - he has a hard time adapting his ego . 
   reducing even more pensions do you have any sources about recent pension reductions ? 
  media over here reports that average pensions are pretty similar to german ones .
