  i am sure you could at least pay up for shelters in neighboring countries . 
  humans care more about other people they have some kind of relationship with that 's just the way we are wired . 
  it 's just dumb to expect an objective emotional response, 
  what ? 
  the mumbai attack got extensive coverage over here . 
  as well as the kunming station attack - although my recollection of that might be a bit biased as i have been spending hours in that same station and had strong feels about that attack . 
  what do you propose , the monegassian navy attacking isis in syria ? 
  well , the german army is on guard in turkey so there 's that . 
  should we call isis and tell them what to attack so our solidity does n't look hypocritical ? 
  people going public with their thoughts on social media is n't aimed at the terrorists , but the general population of the targeted country . 
  it does n't change anything , but it makes them feel like their country is n't isolated and attacked . 
  i know it meant a lot to u.s.friends when i contacted therm post-9 / 11 , even though neither we not them lost relatives there . 
  i really do n't get your post . 
  so eastern europeans have their expat communities ? 
  big fat deal , guess who is having english-speaking pubs in berlin ? 
  who does n't learn german ? 
  that 's really no problem - part of those will leave again and another part will stay - and their children will be part of the host society . 
  i really like it that we have a big russian and polish community in berlin and a lot young brits and eu nationals are living here . 
  i would n't expect them to really assimilate , it 's not like they are a nuisance if they do n't recycle . 
  the german government and the majority over here sure do still want the uk as a partner . 
  hey , that one is also on our soil ... now . 
  he 's a jew , that 's enough reasons for populists . 
  the eu could n't ignore britain , and certainly not when it was a member . 
  there 's a huge democratic deficit if one man with a media empire can influence politics as much . 
  at least eurocrats have to report to democratically elected governments . 
  wow , cheap stab there . 
  also , which part of `` independent '' did you miss ? 
  they are state-financed mostly and also run ads . 
  there is some state supervision , but since germany is n't russia , they have a lot of freedom and do n't see themselves as a mouthpiece of the german government . 
  they are the grandchild of the gdr socialist state party and still fund excuses for every russian aggression . 
  they want to dissolve nato and have a special relationship with moscow . 
  nah , the uk will not default , its economy is sufficiently large to take the punch in stride . 
  but the lower middle class will feel the pinch . 
  eh , he 's just shitting his pants as poland loses support from the uk once they are out . 
  so he tries to save the day by promoting a completely unworkable solution : strengthen the nation states ** and ** create a strong presidency that just so happens to also be commander in chief of a joint army . 
  that 's really easy to translate : `` i do n't want more eu , i just want to command a big enough army to fuck with russia '' . 
  no one is going to fall for this , it 's just too transparent . 
   the only screaming voices in germany today are this anti everything voices that 's how it started in the uk as well  also every political party in germany that is in the `` bundestag '' today is pro-eu , this will change with the next federal election and the afd in the parliament . 
   europe should be a superpower , and nation states should retain internal sovereignty , which is very limited today lol , how about : choose one ? 
  i 'd really hope the eu becomes again a union that countries want to join because they see it as a positive power , not something they have to join to avoid consequences . 
  guys could you just ... 
  i mean it 's still standing on * our * soil . 
   canada also said the uk wo n't get the canada-eu free-trade deal , they 'll instead want negotiations with them . 
  eh , why is that ? 
  to anger the brits ? 
   i would bet that no new pm ( even if it is boris , but he will unlikely be a pm - just too many people hate him now ) will actually trigger article 50 actually , that 's what the eu leaders and merkel are afraid of : that there 's a new pm and she will not trigger art . 
  50 but start cherry picking access to the common market , work migration and so on for the time after brexit . 
  all that in the hope they get a better deal while the sword of brexit is still hanging over everyone 's head and britain has all the rights of an eu member . 
  well then start your prayers none of our far-left or far-right populist parties ( `` die linke '' and `` afd '' ) ever gets influence on federal politics . 
  they would rapallo with putin in no time . 
  * sigh * ca n't we for one be a bit more emphatic instead of talking like generals of the prussian army ? 
  the brits are about to quit , that 's their decision , even if i find it regrettable . 
  no need to wish them pain . 
  let 's hope it works out for them and maybe some day they come knocking again . 
   what good is a strong pound it helps consumers , especially working class because imports get cheaper . 
  the rich probably do n't care that much , but if you are n't rich and have to take the car to work , rising prices for cars and oil hurt . 
  i do n't see that . 
  there will be some relief if brexit is not a resounding success . 
  there will be a couple of jokes about how they are happy to be rid of them . 
  but a political union does n't become any easier . 
  with the current wave of petty nationalism across europe , i do n't see that happening in my life-time - not even between france and germany , the two countries who are most likely to go that route . 
  an airport has different gates and in schengen-countries , flights from other schengen-countries arrive at gates without passport control . 
  if i fly from berlin to paris , i just walk from the plane through the airport to the taxi and there 's no passport control . 
  i guess , they can not give consent but art . 
  50 will still be invoked and they can not stop it . 
  because planes . 
  seriously : it is nice to have a common visa policy ( makes dealing with third-party countries easier ) and no passport controls at the airport . 
  why not ? 
  the eu is step one in a sense . 
  it took on a couple of member states that had been dictatorships only recently and stabilized them as democracies , so it was n't absurd to believe integrating a handful of countries under one currency would do wonders too . 
  hindsight is always 20/20 , but back in the day , there were good reasons for it . 
  i 'd say they are still valid , but the execution was lacking and now there are problems . 
  the existence of the eur is deeply linked with german reunification . 
  while there had been attempts to link the currencies , in the end that was just a relatively loose coupling of countries . 
  but the idea of a common currency existed back then . 
  as it became clear in 1989 that germany would become the economic gravity center in europe , both france and britain were dead against it , since they feared they 'd lose weight . 
  only thanks to the usa was reunification even possible , but france demanded germany give up the mark and enter in a currency union - both to rein in germany and be part of the stronger currency . 
  both very valid reasons , the french just underestimated the effect reunification would have on german wages first , then on german competitiveness and lastly on growth . 
  and unfortunately , the will to build the political structures that would enable something like the eur zone was lacking . 
  in the end , the countries had to become a federation , but that was postponed because it was politically poisonous . 
  i really , really feel sorry for people like you . 
  it must suck so much : /, 
   this country needs to be dragged through the dirt and humiliated to give it a fucking reality check . 
  but please do it yourselves . 
  the eu should not be the one doing the dragging or else will again and again be painted as the scapegoat . 
  morons or not , the voters made clear they wanted the uk out , and i think that should be respected by all sides . 
  if the country wants to rejoin later , that should as well be respected . 
  spot on , the eur is troubled enough as it is . 
  i dunno man , you do n't seem the most empathic person yourself , just saying ... 
  yes , but he 'd be a horrible chancellor , both for germany and the eu . 
  he absolutely needs someone who moderates his caustic personality . 
  let him play the super-prussian and then have his boss find compromises . 
  less than 10 % as of today , i 'd recon . 
  basically , the uk can turn into a troll country that is happily throwing wrenches into the eu 's gears to get a better deal after invoking art . 
  that could amount to a mortal danger to the eu , since a lot of eu decisions are still based on consensus . 
  it 's not as bad as it used to be but one nation going rogue can do extreme damage if it does n't care about the consequences . 
  that whole referendum was so full of lies , it 's no longer funny . 
  especially considering they wanted their sovereignty back so they have closer control about the politicians . 
  true , i was under the impression it could be stopped , but that does n't seem to be the case at all . 
  thanks .
