  in line with our values of generosity and mutual assistance , the muslim community of arlon is willing to give a hand in this project of general interest . '' [ source ] ( http://www.jewish-heritage-europe.eu/2015/03/03/local-muslims-helping-save-historic-synagogue-in-belgium/%e2%80%9d ) edit : five muslims in our national soccer team , mesut \u00d6zil , sami khedira , shkodran mustafi , ilkay g\u00fcndogan und karim bellarabi . 
  [ source - ironically from the worst muslim-haters over here ] ( http://www.pi-news.net/2015/05/so-viele-moslems-wie-noch-nie-im-dfb-kader/ ) ca n't vouch for the veracity of the anecdotes , it 's just what i remember from the last year or so . 
  what are you going to do , cut their heads off ? 
   however , they do make the best manuverable planes on the planet . 
  idk , that 's at least contested if we are talking about the su-35 . 
  typhoons are quite agile and some say that thanks to their thrust/weight ratio and overall smaller size would outmaneuver the su . 
  yes , their videos are impressive , but would leave out the weaker points like slower climb and turn ratio . 
  in the end , without a real war , we 'll never know . 
  pak-fa will be a different story , but it remains to be seen how soon russia will field large numbers of them . 
  ok thanks , good to read . 
  do n't bother , i ca n't take zerohedge serious . 
  that guy running the show there believes he knows things , but whenever he writes about germany , it is a complete trainwreck . 
  i have a distinct feeling his other pieces are just as bad . 
  anyhow , bundesbank verifies the ingots they receive . 
  that 's good enough for me . 
  i would have had some doubts , but certainly not on the same level as about this . 
  btw , why do they have to spy on the german gov ' t if those are already their puppets ? 
  with 45k comment karma , you can afford to lose some once in a while , 
  i mean , technically it could be : the poor of syria wo n't have the money to pay people smugglers for a passage to germany - and usually , education level and wealth correlate . 
  so , if the middle class were the ones who currently arrive , it 's not as absurd as it sounds . 
  it still seems a bit optimistic to me . 
  i mean ... do you even remotely think there 's something to it ? 
  i am flabbergasted . 
  do you have plans on being more consistent with linkflair ? 
  lately , it seems one day every submission gets flair , another day none . 
  i understand the constraints of moderation in free time and hope i do n't seem like i am complaining , i just would like to know . 
  i 'd really like to use linkflair for the greasemonkey filter plugin , but currently that does n't make sense . 
  you are painting with a damn broad brush , bro ... 
  well , even though i am happy germany is trying to give those people a perspective , i am not sure if hyperbole is justified . 
  i am not sure if i remember right , but i seem to recall that 30 % have a good or very good education , that still leaves 70 % without . 
  and if it 's possible to integrate them in relatively high numbers in our economy remains to be seen . 
  that those large companies create programs for housing and on the job training is simply great , though . 
  nothing better for integration as giving migrants a job that pays the bills and brings them in contact with the natives . 
  there , he even admits it !, 
  that reads like a parody of the [ reichsb\u00fcrger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reichsb%c3%bcrgerbewegung ) . 
  which we do since some time . 
  i still think that 's a completely moronic idea . 
  if shit hits fan , it 's a really bad idea to have the stuff in the same country as the fan-hitting . 
  culinary marxism , i wonder the french have not outlawed mcd , 
  lol yes . 
  the bundesbank even sent one of the ingots to a proving company or whatever you call them to reassure the gullible . 
  the shit my tax money is wasted on ... 
  typical tinfoil-hattery . 
  allegedly , there 's a secret treaty that stipulates every chancellor has to sign * something * that basically requires him/her to be a puppet of the us gov ` t. 
  also , allegedly german media is under us control until 2099 . 
  and third , all german gold reserves are impounded by the allied powers . 
  of course , it is impossible to disprove the existence of a secret treaty . 
  however , germany has repatriated parts of its gold and continues to do so , that does n't mesh with the idea it is under lock and key . 
  imo , the whole idea is moronic . 
  what 's a secret treaty worth ? 
  you ca n't take an infringing country to court if the treaty has to remain secret . 
  what about us troops in germany ? 
  we used to be the eastern border country in times of the cold war , there 's a huge nato military infrastructure back from the times . 
  of course we still have bases used by the us . 
  since nato and russia signed a treaty that does not allow permanent nato expansion into the former eastern bloc countries , the existing infrastructure in germany is still important to sustain the rapid reaction forces and the temporary deployment in the east . 
  do n't forget that austria , sweden and finland are neutral , germany is the only large country in central/northern europe where nato troops can be stationed and where they can reach poland or the baltic fast . 
  thanks , that was most edifying . 
  i think i 'd still much rather see an international court , but at least isds might not be such a danger to politics as i presumed . 
  i feel flattered , thanks a lot !, 
  with all due respect , but - yes , russia has invested in anti-aircraft tech that would boost their aa/ad capabilities . 
  i have n't heard about any breakthroughs in that that area though . 
  their current s-400 is extremely capable , but has been deployed for years now . 
  i am not sure what 's new here . 
  - like it or not , russia will never be an easy adversary like iraq . 
  that they are boosting their defensive capabilities is n't so bad - nato hopefully has no plans to fly bombing runs into russia and if a country feels they have good defenses , that 's a stabilizing situation . 
  i would be * way * more worried if they had closed the gap in terms of offensive power - better fighters than the west , or some break-through bombers . 
  but i do n't see that in the future , they are happy they can keep their su-30 and tu-95 flying . 
  pak-fa still seems not ready , pak-da is an obvious paper project and lets see how many tu-160m2 they really can build . 
  the existing tu-160 are rotting . 
  that their anti-aircraft reach covers part of the polish airspace is indeed galling , but i believe the reverse is also true . 
  in case of war , it should be possible to make kaliningrad a no-fly zone . 
  i know you know a lot about that , would you defend isds ? 
  i do n't think ttip is bad , but isds seem like a complete clusterfuck to me and more or less like a takeover of economic politics by big corporations . 
  i can see that those big companies want better protection against discriminatory treatment in some european states , but privatizing conflict resolution seems like a recipe for disasters . 
  if you have some balanced links , i 'd be grateful . 
  they do a lot for children - [ red cross ] ( http://www.crucearosie.ro/ ) . 
  they do disaster relief . 
  they had kind of scandal , but i still believe they are one of the better orgs . 
  - [ terre des femmes ] ( http://www.terre-des-femmes.de/ ) the only org i know that specially cares for women . 
  i do n't know if they currently have a program for refugees . 
  they are also rather small and located in the d/a/ch countries . 
  probably the best you could do would be to ask at a refugee center if they need volunteers that eg . 
  play soccer with youth or read books for children or teach language . 
  over here , some centers are happy to have volunteers that help for a couple of hours , some do n't want that . 
  i created this : https://github.com/isnow/reuropefiltered , it helps , 
  you are welcome , 
  i guess with the legalization in the usa gaining speed , it is just a matter of time . 
  as if you really care . 
  if you do , the download is 18 eur and i am sure the sample size is mentioned . 
  i do n't think we 'll ever agree here . 
  i ca n't see why democracy at the level of one nation state is inherently superior to supra-national democracy . 
  second , the line between re-nationalizing every decision because why not and not wanting to cooperate except for extremely narrowly defined own interest is thin . 
  and the latter is nationalism . 
  in the end , probably only very few nationalist movements after ww ii have openly called themselves nationalist - they always had some more or less murky justification . 
  it all seems to me a belief-based movement that crystallizes around a few valid points while blanking out a whole lot of also valid counter-points . 
  but in the end , it 's your country . 
  if you think splendid isolation is the better choice , more power to you . 
  i 'd rather you leave instead of undermining social standards and employee rights across the eu . 
  looking at the colors , they all used instagram . 
   instead we cooperated with the authorities and ultimately assimilated into host country .
