  talking about consensual sexual intercourse or even loving relationships , i fail to see the harm done . 
  in the case of incest , the usual defense is the higher risk of hereditary diseases . 
  this does not cut it though , because in germany you can have children even if you have a hereditary disease with dominant characteristics ( that means at least half of your kids will be disabled ) . 
  outlawing a whole category of relationships on eugenic arguments while allowing others is discrimination . 
  gay incest obviously has no risk of disabled children and contraception is easily available if brother and sister do n't want kids . 
  in the case of zoophilia , the `` without a victim '' part is usually debated . 
  since we live in a society where animals are little more than objects ( there are some anti-cruelty laws ) and can be killed or mutilated at will , the whole concern for their well-being rings a bit hollow . 
  tougher animal welfare laws and a tax on meat would reduce animal suffering much more . 
  then there 's typically the question whether or not animals can consent to sex since they do n't have the same level of intellectual insight as humans . 
  this sounds completely moronic to me - animals are not children which can indeed be scarred for life by being lured into sex . 
  animals do have their own sexual needs , are known to seek out sex both among their own species and across species borders . 
  in the end , both bans are little more then moral judgment cast into law - and we know how well that went in the case of homosexuality or ban of adultery . 
  - de-clutter our tax code ( it 's one of the most complicated in the world ) . 
  move to either a flat tax or a simple linear tax with fewer exemptions . 
  lower vat to 18 % or even 15 % if possible to stimulate domestic demand . 
  - stronger separation between church and state . 
  remove special legislation for companies held by the churches ( like they can fire employees if they divorce ) . 
  - enforce fully digitized bureaucracy to cut down on the times required to found a business or resolve an insolvency . 
  - allow otc medication to be sold in the supermarket - formulate a point-based immigration policy and make it easier to repatriate illegal immigrants . 
  - tighten lobbying laws and enforce a public registry of accredited lobbyists . 
  make party donations and income of mp 's totally transparent . 
  disallow some kind of jobs for ex-mps ( eg . 
  they move into lobbying like ex-chancellor schr\u00f6der did ) -- less useful , but dear to me : - legalize cannabis and make lsd available to research and therapy - open marriage to gays - remove bans on incest and zoophilia ( both seem unnecessary to me ) - forbid male circumcision - remove bans on embryo selection in case parents have a hereditary disease - allow surrogate mothers - allow assisted suicide and euthanasia - allow anonymous semen donations - tighten weapons control laws, 
  yes , but it is far from read by `` most germans '' as claimed . 
  i do n't think it 's specific to the attitude towards greece , it 's part of a worrying trend towards re-nationalization of politics and turning away from super-national organizations like the eu . 
  in the uk , a lot of people want to focus on their country and remove themselves from the eu . 
  in the usa , calls for minimizing involvement in international affairs seem to grow . 
  russia has turned ultra-nationalist and shows open enmity towards western countries . 
  even france has this huge fn . 
  in germany , there also is a growing undertow of `` we do n't need the eu as much as they need us , so they 'd better play by the rules '' . 
  the divisive bush/rumsfeld rhetoric ( pitting `` new '' vs. `` old '' europe ) had a lasting effect : while the us sidetracked germany and france over iraq , our experiences with that have been quite good . 
  even though we are a joke when it comes to power projection , our voice is heard in europe , whereas the `` coalition of the willing '' ended up with egg in their face and total disgrace . 
  when it comes to the emu , germany set up the treaties in such a way that they correspond to our ideas on a currency union : independent central bank ( ideally located in germany ) , no transfers between countries , no bailouts . 
  greece and others obviously were not in a situation to compete in such a market , and greece also violated a couple more rules than others , so they are now made scapegoat . 
  imo , greeks are not hated , but made fun of as the notorious black sheep . 
  i deeply deplore this re-nationalizing of politics and i think the german idea that others have to become like us is flawed , but since we are very successful right now , it 's hard to convince voters and politicians that we should change our way . 
   read by most germans . 
  bild has a reach of 4m out of 80m . 
  so , no . 
  so you 'd rather spend money on a game of whack-a-mole against people who so desperately want to watch the bbc program that they pay for vpn ? 
  instead of either adding another server or two to increase the cultural reach of the uk or creating and selling an international iplayer that just recovers costs ? 
  it 's great that the internet was not invented by guys like you ... 
  the article even mentions that there 's market potential among the viewers . 
  also : there 's next to no further costs if you share the content with another 100m people , so why not simply do that ? 
  you gain nothing by restricting it . 
  could we agree that the eur is right now not the easiest currency to have for a country that ran onto some rocks that have nothing to do with the currency ? 
  no , it was about that 5 place drop between reputation surveys . 
  stealing digital content that has an upfront cost and then next to no further costs ? 
  i ca n't fucking believe i just read that . 
  the current state of desperation is converting the huge icc congress center into a check-in terminal for flight passengers and then bussing the people to the airports . 
  true , that one is a purely home-grown disaster . 
  no fair taking a stab at greece over it . 
  tegel is a pretty good airport , just too damn small . 
  it 's their 51 ^ st state ... 
  that thing is such a fucking embarrassment . 
  if you ever meet a german gloating about our efficiency , just remind them of this airport . 
  if it ever gets finished and opened , the capacity will be at limit , so they should have already started planning of an enlargement and a new terminal . 
  i 'd rather not know how that will fare . 
  he is still bitching how it 's not a `` real '' recovery , not fast enough or could have been better if only latvia was iceland . 
  wait , what ? 
  that 's a glowing endorsement of the bbc , why would anyone want to restrict it ? 
  wait , what happened ?? 
  i ca n't really tell you , i am no macro-economics guy . 
  i know that 2001 the . com-bubble burst which had been inflating in the years before the eur . 
  that maybe the effects of the socialist -  capitalist transition in the east have been wearing off . 
  that china exploded and likely took away a lot of manufacturing . 
  9/11 happened . 
  maybe it 's all due to the emu , idk . 
  i just see that in the usa there 's a cultural war going on between libertarians and keynesiansts and that 's why we get hammered by krugman et al. 
  who use europe as a canvas . 
  i 'd rather they fuck off and take their domestic feud with them , nothing of value will come off it . 
  one currency to rule them all , one currency to find them , one currency to bring them all and in the darkness bind them . 
  i did that time and time ago . 
  i am not going to argue against them twice a week . 
  especially since they write the same thing week after week . 
  what 's more , i have been reading articles about `` the euro endgame '' from zerohedge and nakedcapitalism since 2007 or so . 
  you can buy cheap bbq grills at a lot of german fuel stations . 
  or at the supermarket or hardware store ( obi , bauhaus ... ), 
  no , even the eur-haters have had to face reality that the syriza gov ' t fucked up really bad - even krugman [ had his epiphany lately ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/greece-debt-crisis-live-nobel-prize-winning-economist-paul-krugman-admits-he-overestimated-the-competence-of-the-greek-government-10401092.html ) . 
  that 's the good thing : every two to three days it 's either krugman or o'brien from wonkblog regurgitating the same about the eur , always in a tic-toc fashion . 
  so it should be paul over the weekend or monday with another `` the eur does not work , and finland is a great example '' . 
   putin tells me he is ready to give me ( russian ) citizenship and get me the lead of the russian economy ministry . 
  haha , yeah right . 
  putin has done a lot of dumb shit , but that would top it all . 
  do n't fret , poland , it 's just a story from the past , 
  i am not sure everyone is ok with this , 
  at nuts . 
  well , that 's what big countries do , right ? 
  surely the uk has never or would n't ever ... 
  uneasiness because a unified germany would pull considerably more weight . 
  also inertia - getting to grips with the idea that some really fundamental changes were coming took some time . 
  the map shows first reaction , i guess . 
  you need to understand that you are an idiot . 
   even if it saddled you with the euro well , that one worked not like you expected , 
  haha , paul is butthurt sch\u00e4uble said in an interview he does n't understand the first thing about the emu laws . 
  vee neet to talk about sssis , my french and british friendz !, 
  stalinism had the coolest architecture . 
  i like it . 
  repost , just two hours ago : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3e7dro/graduate_refused_hotel_room_because_staff_thought/, 
  filed under `` news/uknews/crime / ... '' `` news/uknews/discrimination / ... '' would have been more fitting , i 'd say .
