  look at the last 3 years . 
  he writes for an us audience and uses international examples to fight a domestic culture war . 
  i guess he 's afraid of the us ' right gaining momentum and pushing for budget cuts there . 
  i guess he sees a germany that has adopted a `` no new debt '' clause and still is doing well as an existential threat against which he comes out , guns a-blazing . 
  in reality , our conservative government is a far cry from the us ' right-wingers or libertarians , but i guess he 's not currently keen on the finer details . 
  even if i think he has some valid points , it galls me how he always accuses germany of moralizing . 
  he , of all persons . 
  i get it , but you are hurting the feelings of real persons . 
  i know from my bulgarian colleague how the situation in bulgaria is , it 's not nice or easy . 
  but our fellow greeks here are staring at 10 years of low growth and hopelessness . 
  they could do without getting kicked in the teeth , i am sure . 
  so snide remarks are going to help how ? 
   today we are paving the way for a more sustainable future . 
  greece was growing again . 
  so we surpassed the low point . 
  i 'm confident that the situation now is only going to improve from now on . 
  i wish i could share your optimism . 
  the eurogroup agreement is just a declaration that bridge loans will keep greece on life-support and an outline of what has to be done * to get negotiations going again * . 
  the final agreement is far from signed yet . 
  it could very well fail in the greek parliament and maybe even in germany ( not that likely ) . 
  my last hope is that from somewhere now comes an investment program for greece and ultimately changes like a default charter that allows an ez country to default without years of terrible negotiations , a shared unemployment insurance and mutual budget oversight . 
  maybe juncker has a couple of bn in a slush fund . 
  maybe sch\u00e4uble is not only hell-bent on destroying greece ... 
  the franco/german relationship is holy - even though the more conservative `` f.a.z '' is criticizing the deal openly ( `` it 's all make-believe , the greeks tell everyone they 'll reform . 
  and everyone else says they believe it '' ) . 
  the `` welt '' , pseudo-quality paper flagship of the borderline nationalist papers sounds the same horn . 
  but both refrain from mentioning france . 
  `` spiegel '' is running a piece by m\u00fcnchau who for years now tries desperately to influence german opinion towards a more keynesian approach and seems utterly disgusted . 
  left-wing `` taz '' openly slaps sch\u00e4uble and merkel around for allying with `` the finns '' and putting off france and italy . 
  * tips hat * thanks for the love , i feel humbled  i do agree on / u/theban _ prince , especially considering the shit his country is going through . 
  i have no idea if i had been able to keep my calm in a situation like that . 
  when it comes to germans , do n't forget about / u/countvontroll and / u/marktplatz though ... 
  we could sell bavaria down the river to equalize things a bit ... 
  reunification was 25 years ago . 
  there had been excellent times of franco/german cooperation in between . 
  it 's become more difficult in the last years , though . 
  this prospect is horrifying . 
  i am of the old generation that distinctly remembers the cold war and the inherent dangers it brought . 
  without our excellent relations to france and the us , we 'd have been boned . 
  and historically , france and germany have had a very shaky balance ... 
  well , thanks for that , i appreciated it  it saddens me greatly to see how people buy so easily into the narratives fed to them by their respective media/governments . 
  to overcome this cultural bias , i am here - if i wanted to convince everyone our way is the best forward , i could just stay in a conservative german forum . 
   fellow europeans , either we will go forward or we will go backwards but we have to move . 
  currently , it 's the perfect storm brewing : an overly powerful germany with a chancellor who knows how to get to power , but not what to do with it . 
  a france that is soul-searching . 
  an absent uk and a cultural clash caused by an economic crisis . 
  frankly , i do n't know here the impetus for forward changes would come from . 
  people have forgotten the lessons of wars and cold wars and are content in re-nationalizing everything without considering the centrifugal forces this unleashes . 
  i am guessing here , of course , but i 'd say it boils down to the perceived loss of trust that has been quoted so extensively in the last two days . 
  it was obvious from the beginning that v-man and sch\u00e4uble ( and others like d'bloem ) did not find common ground in personality , style or ideology . 
  that syriza - right or wrong - turned back some layoffs probably did n't help either . 
  either sch\u00e4uble wanted greece out back then or he did n't trust their government to play by the rules and only implement what was agreed on . 
  one could always agree on a set of minimal criteria ( which would probably quite tough ) before a country qualifies for a common unemployment scheme . 
  it seems greece signed in 2012 that they would not make any decisions with consequences for their budget without consulting with the troika . 
  varoufakis tells us that he wanted to go piecemeal : implement things agreed upon and receive some debt cuts + bridge financing . 
  he claims the creditors held a gun to his head and told him if greece does that it would be considered in breach of that agreement on unilateral moves and the debt talks were finished . 
  greeks were ( and still are ) opposed to a grexit . 
  so he flew the plane into the ground to force it . 
  it 's still an important step . 
  that may be so , but i do n't think this re-nationalization of european politics is going to do any good over the long run . 
  everyone is , most of the times . 
  the reforms germany carried out in 2005 which are now credited for improving the competitiveness and employment cost chancellor schr\u00f6der his job in the next election . 
  thanks . 
  i am not convinced one month is very convincing , but we 'll see at year 's end . 
  i have no idea , really . 
  especially our bavarian rednecks have been very keen on `` teaching greek they have to do their homework '' , but i do n't understand why sch\u00e4uble and merkel had to go for a total surrender and then trash-talk greece . 
  that 's not the time for shitty jokes . 
  i am at a loss of words , currently . 
  i have been rather critical of the current and past greek governments earlier in the year as i expected their actions to make things much worse . 
  i hope i never fed into the toxic `` haha , lazy bums get their comeuppance '' sentiment though . 
  reading how merkel forced the total capitulation of greece literally brought tears to my eyes . 
  i do n't know what to do to at least curb the hating in this subreddit . 
  maybe one or two redditors from each country should team up and step in each time a redditor from their home country tries to poison our common watering hole . 
  why would syriza make their position even more weak than it is ? 
  there 's a prominent typo in the document , it reads `` brussels , 12 july 2015 '' where it probably should read `` versailles '' ... 
  shit , man . 
  it 's sad to see your country in this state . 
  to me it feels as if the last few month have been a waste of time , and now everything is just collapsing . 
  i am not sure what has become of my government , but this is not the way politics should be done in europe . 
   first of all almost all countries cooked their books . 
  what the hell , man ? 
  that 's still an 8 % export overhang . 
  granted , better than the up to 20 % we had before ... 
   ( and really , no country in the world does usa , japan , china would come to mind readily . 
  it 's also not so simple , germany 's industry is so strong today because they latched on the chance to outsource low-margin production to the eastern neighbors and china early . 
  huh , since when ? 
  obedience to authority . 
  `` look he is a nobel price winner . 
  he obviously knows what he 's saying '' . 
  he 's also rooting for the underdog . 
  lazy thinking . 
  germany playing hardball ? 
  easy : fourth reich confirmed . 
  i ca n't see how you 'd hide this from the private sector . 
  they need to update their banking software , the software in the atms , they need to allocate storage space . 
  you need high-security transport capacity , especially in a country where the role of the army internally is very limited . 
  i think it 's a bad tactical blunder . 
  if you do n't have a plan b , you are stuck with plan a - in that case involving the mercy of the creditors . 
  if the other side knows you are ready for defaulting and dropping out of the eur , they might step a bit more carefully . 
  because they have no say in decisions about the inflation targets , central bank interest etc.
