  i also do n't see how rights would be necessarily equal when it comes to giving birth or abortion . 
  ahem , are you trying to tell me not every country has this photo-tradition ? 
  that at least means that the naive keynesian ideas of krugman will do nothing to cure the problem . 
  deficit spending is fine if you run into a cyclical slump and need to restart the growth engine . 
  it does absolutely nothing to attack deeper-seated structural problems . 
  i do n't think the current course is the right one or even just a good one , but a great drop in gdp was imo unavoidable . 
  and forcing greece to do some tough reforms also . 
  the other part of the truth is that greece is a country that abused keynesian deficit spending during boom times . 
  that leads to deep structural problems . 
  can you paint with an even broader brush ? 
  germany is not growing a spine , germany is insecure about being the leader and therefore goes incommunicado where it should start a conversation about it 's strategy ( if it has one ) . 
  unfortunately your beloved state and it 's politicians seems content catering to nationalists no matter what the political costs are . 
  or costs in goodwill . 
  the only way a successful federation could start is imo if france , the netherlands and germany went first ( maybe including belgium ) . 
  if that is still stable after 30-50 years , the rest could join . 
  that would still be incredible work , but converting all emu countries into a federation will not work . 
  thanks a lot , 
   north korea 's economy expanded by 1.0 % [ ... ] in 2014 , [ ... ] that 's just better than the 0.9 % growth recorded in the eurozone last year . 
   north korea does not release official economic data what 's up with businessinsider , have they been drinking or are they that desperate for clicks ? 
  he is cdu , not csu, 
  sounds good , germany needs more fl\u00f8debolle and rullep\u00f8lse . 
  finally , some paper from the anglosphere gets it . 
  i just wrote about it [ a couple of days ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3djhwj/why_are_germans_so_hated/ct6c9ch ), 
  so that confirms what varoufakis is saying that sch\u00e4uble wanted greece out of the eur long ago ? 
  no , that 's bullshit . 
  the shifting to the peak is totally brittle . 
  shift it a year earlier or later and things change dramatically . 
  that 's not science , that 's shoehorning your data into your narrative . 
  the assumption `` i trust the peak to be a real peak and not skewed by an overheating economy '' is nowhere in that blog post but extremely important . 
  in an earlier post he goes through hair-raising mental gymnastics to debate away indicators that say the peak is fishy . 
  if i had the raw data , i could show you , but i ca n't find that exact data set on eurostat . 
  at some points , i have to admire his snarky humor :  our impression was more that you were tirelessly negotiating over every tiny detail . 
   sch\u00e4uble : everyone only has limited abilities , but you have to try to do your best . 
  you have to be aware of that so that you attain the necessary degree of composure . 
  as you see , i am close to reaching the point where i mellow with age . 
  at other points , i wonder if he has lost his marbles :  at home , we were three brothers , and when we fought , my father always said that the stronger one should back down . 
  and that 's how it was in the greece negotiations . 
  the one in the better position must try to help the weaker one . 
  i tried to do that . 
   we in the euro zone are on a real path to success , and it is much more sustainable than it is , for example , in many developing economies . 
   there is no german dominance . 
  whom is he trying to fool here ? 
  some parts seem sensible :  we are currently seeing that a currency union without political union can not function without complications . 
  so we have to move further toward establishing a political union , for example by strengthening the european commission and the european parliament . 
  but that means that member states must give up even more sovereignty i am just not sure if strengthening the commission is the way forward , but still ... 
  i know , i know , 
  to me , fiscal union means forming a common state - all those countries become one . 
  i ca n't see how that would work else - you need one government , one parliament to have one budget . 
  maybe i am wrong though , i am neither a lawyer nor an expert on macro economics, 
  i 'd rather germany and france get so close that the respective leaders have more frequent consultations , ministers plan together with their counterparts and plans are harmonized before being presented . 
  then the duo could be a credible tandem leadership . 
  gibe sonderburg and appenrade !, 
  that 's not a thing of relaxing , the existing treaties would have to be changed . 
  whether france would do that more willingly is up to everyone 's guess . 
  refugees alone are expected to top [ 400,000 ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/76095/umfrage/asylantraege-insgesamt-in-deutschland-seit-1995/ ) this year , easily doubling the number of last year . 
  that 's the number he quotes for * total immigrants * if someone at this point wants to see the development over the last years , [ here 's the numbers ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/76095/umfrage/asylantraege-insgesamt-in-deutschland-seit-1995/ ) for refugees . 
  the 2015 estimate is not updated yet . 
  and no , merkel could * not * have given that girl permanent residence rights , that 's up to the refugee administration , not the chancellor . 
  is the question about the eu or the emu ? 
  as a scientist , arguing from two data points gives me the shivers . 
  i bet if i moved the start date around , i could show latvia is doing better . 
  well no . 
  we sold the anschluss franchise to russia and got out of that business . 
  wait , we are talking about a nobel price winner who stated he does not read conservative opinions because they have nothing of interest to say . 
  so much of anti-intellectual attitude . 
  so basically the difference between latvia and iceland is 5 % now and was something like 4 % in 2005 ? 
  that 's a huge difference , indeed . 
  just choosing 2005 as the starting point would make the difference practically disappear . 
  the scientist in me weeps when i have to see this kind of picking of facts to suit the narrative . 
   latvia is n't greece , the gdp was n't inflated in anyway . 
  even krugman had a hell of a time picking figures to deny it was inflated . 
  and could n't conclusively show it was n't . 
  oh , right , that 's another point that no one ever seems to consider . 
  germany 's export boom means that a lot of capital is flowing into germany as payment for goods . 
  this capital flows out of germany again as investments ( buying shares , building subsidiaries , buying companies ... ) . 
  investors would take note of an upcoming gerxit and at least partially disinvest because their investments would devaluate after the german exit . 
  call me naive , but i do n't think that would have no adverse effects on the remu countries . 
  even if it became smaller , what would stop the same problems from appearing again ? 
  france might just be the new germany , there would be no shock absorbers , no transfers . 
  the only thing i can see that would arguably improve is that the economic cycles of the southern countries would be better in phase . 
   sorry that i cited a nobel-winning economist . 
  it 's ok , ask the baltics about his patronizing attitude . 
  so basically germany is the scapegoat for every eu decision now ? 
  that 's good to know . 
  that deutschmark note brings back memories ... 
  i wonder if anyone has taken the time to analyze what would happen if germany actually left the eur block . 
  obviously the northern , central and eastern countries would have to think hard about staying , since their economic policy usually aligns more with germany than with france , the new dominant force . 
  italy is 75 % of france 's gdp ( like france is 75 % of germany 's ) , spain 50 % . 
  essentially , it would transform the emu into a currency peg to a `` new french franc '' . 
  meanwhile , * none * of the architectural problems of the emu that brought us to this would be resolved . 
  anyone see france stepping up hand out more transfer payments to greece or portugal and implement shared budgets to make sure the remu becomes a true fiscal and monetary union ? 
  me neither . 
   i 'm not understanding the `` class warfare '' reference . 
  i understand you are a lawyer in the city and naurgul is a left-leaning greek ... 
   you and me are basically on the same side now . 
  i need a truckload of popcorn and beer for watching how this will unfold . 
  oh , the irony when class warfare takes second fiddle to ez bashing . 
  i know . 
  both the projections for gdp growth ( or negative growth ) , the timelines till end of recession , the amounts needed and the timelines for implementation of reforms have been constantly off . 
  i fail to see how trying harder is going to fix that .
