  otoh , why do we ( as germans ) have to be the motor of all this ? 
  we 'd rather not decide for others - especially not merkel . 
  i am surprised france is so backwards . 
  not really surprised about switzerland though . 
  i am no economist , but to me it looks like a `` crash upwards '' to mirror the crash in 2008 . 
  if it does not continue for long it is basically a correction and an indicator things are going back to normal . 
  however , the ecb was late to start qe , i hope they start tapering it early enough to make good on their `` sterilisation '' promise . 
  sure , but that is a different can of worms . 
  conflating both issues ( like varoufakis regularly does ) helps only one aim : stifling reforms . 
  i am not sure how much time european leaders have spent trying to solve the greek problem ( or cowing greece into submission , however you want to word it ) , but this all is time that would have been better spent drafting reform plans for the ez itself . 
  if varoufakis has achieved one thing than this : there is next to no political capital for the necessary move towards a more federalized ez with a transfer system between surplus and deficit states . 
  people realize once a state goes rogue it will threaten other state 's budgets . 
  but it completely makes sense . 
  varoufakis has been drumming for default and exit since years . 
  the syriza election program with the idea of staying in eur but stopping and turning back reforms clearly never could succeed . 
  the only sane explanation is they want greece booted out of the eur . 
   syriza cant make a decision to leave the eurozone without either a referendum or new elections . 
  oh syriza can and it is just in the process of doing so . 
  all they need to do is drive the country into default and most likely grexit will have to follow . 
  i have the feeling they have a hidden agenda named default and exit and i believe they are enacting it . 
  exactly , i have no problem with financial transfers like we have in germany between states or between the bund and the states - clearly defined in a federal framework . 
  greece did absolutely zero to modernize their economy in good times despite the agreed transfers via the cohesion fund , despite extremely low interest rates post-eur . 
  only when shit hit the fan did they reform and then only under immense pressure . 
  it is not hard to fathom what happens after the pressure goes away . 
   why do n't we push some of the legislation we agree on -- the taxation system , the anti-corruption rules -- through parliament and meanwhile continue the negotiations . 
  and i was actually told a number of times if i dare to suggest this again this would constitute reason to settle the negotiations . 
  so again , is there any corroboration ? 
  i read this for the first time - last time , he proposed implementing part of the measures and the troika would then release part of the stuck funds , which was turned down . 
  without shared political oversight over national budgets ? 
  that will blow up soon ... 
  it wo n't . 
  in the western parts of europe , the majority is still religious and therefore religions are a kind of holy cow , you will face backlash if you campaign against them . 
  is there any corroboration to the quoted claim ? 
  or explanation ? 
  because i lived under the impression that greece was free to implement steps to solving the crisis . 
  and since they passed laws that even contradicted the creditor 's demands without the troika walking away from the table i am not sure if i should believe him . 
  very few women like spanking where they are seriously disciplined by their guy . 
  for sexual gratification is completely different . 
  you do n't have the firmest grasp at logic , do you ? 
  a simple rule would be : if you would not do it to your wife , do n't do it to your children . 
   the difference is : greece is an unmodernised capitalism where you ca n't impose austerity at this level and hope to modernise at the same time . 
  ok , so what is the way forward ? 
  perpetual transfers ? 
  debt cut and then new debt ? 
  greece actively refused to modernise in good times , how big are the chances that after stabilisation there will be any will to enact change ? 
  most likely unions will block any labor market reformsm , syriza will balloon the public sector again and nothing changes . 
  because in a lot of countries , it is both violence . 
   people will simply continue to go overseas for this procedure so prosecute them once a kid with a sewn vulva presents to the doc or is in school ? 
   does germoney hate belgium or luxembourg ? 
  not belgium , but luxembourg for being a tax haven . 
  they would opt out of a lot of stuff , not necessarily block them for other countries . 
  primarily in the hands of the british voters . 
  and how would they address it ? 
  according to the posting , the mods do n't have access to big data tools required to identify brigading . 
  i ca n't see european leaders consenting to 4 ) and 5 ) - and i sure hope they do n't . 
  those two demands basically wreck the eur and most likely the whole eu because nothing of any importance could be decided . 
  relevant parts :  `` what it 's going to require is greece being serious about making some important reforms , '' obama said . 
  the greeks , he added , will have to `` make some tough political choices that will be good for the long term . '', 
   obama also stressed that the international community should `` recognize the extraordinary challenges that greeks face , and if both sides are showing sufficient flexibility , then i think we can get this problem resolved . '', 
   german chancellor angela merkel warned time was running out , and that while greece 's euro partners want the country to remain in the eurozone , athens has to do its part by implementing reforms . 
   [ greek government spokesman ] sakellaridis reiterated that greece considers its proposal -- a 47-page document delivered by tsipras during a visit to brussels last week -- to be the basis for a deal . 
   `` the greek negotiating team that has gone to brussels is evidently there so as to see the scope for convergence so there can be a mutually acceptable solution to both sides , '' sakellaridis said, 
  i fail to see how they are going to secure consent to another help package in the euro-zone parliaments . 
  at some point the debtor countries will be calling off the hunt because they are no vulture funds . 
  but you do realize greece receives regular transfers each year via the eu cohesion fund that is financed by the debtor countries ? 
  the situation is completely different from argentine . 
   still , are n't real incomes from employment bound to fall ? 
  for greeks already in employment , the answer is yes so basically one of the effects of the current austerity regime that are most vigorously rejected . 
   no one can enforce debt repayment i doubt that . 
  a lot ( most ? ), 
  of post-2010 bonds were issued under british law in london . 
  there is a lot debtors can do to make life uncomfortable for greece if they unilaterally default on this debt . 
  where is estonia in this union ? 
  well , d\u00f6ner kebab was invented here , so i do n't see why we 'd compete with it . 
  basically because it is hard to discriminate between war refugees eg . 
  from syria and those who come because their home villages are desperately poor and they hope to support their families by working here and sending money back . 
  germany has this special historical relation with people seeking asylum in other countries because they are threatened by genocide at home . 
  this legacy will not easily go away any time soon - especially not today what with da'esh eradicating whole families . 
  the australian way sounds fine but in a lot of european countries the constitutional courts will not allow sending refugees back without a case by case evaluation of their story . 
   they certainly do take handouts . 
  uhm , no . 
  they are currently net receivers but they do invest the money very well , they are on an incredible growth trajectory . 
  per the eu treaties they are entitled to the money they receive . 
  because the european union is not just a common market or a customs and trade union but a political union since 1993 . 
  and it was created with the [ vision of improving living conditions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regional_policy_of_the_european_union ) in the poorer parts , that 's why we got the cohesion fund . 
  it 's not just poland receiving money , every poor region can get funds regardless of nationality . 
  i would n't be surprised to learn that even british regions drew money from the cohesion fund . 
  vilifying the polish is not going to help the uk in the negotiations . 
  they are no beggars with their hats in the hand looking for handouts . 
  they do have equal rights , that 's the whole idea of the eu . 
  i am sure there is a compromise position and frankly i do n't quite understand why britain complains after profiting from those well-educated workers . 
  blanket restrictions on free movement imo are not going to fly , however . 
   i imagine that i might be treated like that by many , but not all , people in germany . 
  i doubt that . 
  we are typically less friendly than us-americans but i 'd say you would be treated like all tourists . 
  if you get to know people , they will ask you about gun control , health care and bugging our phones . 
  if you at least show some understanding for the typical german position , you would be welcome . 
  depends on the town/city of course . 
  the east is more anti-american , in berlin your chance to talk to other americans instead of germans would be very high and in most parts , no one would care that much . 
  well , scandinavian vikings stole a lot of the beautiful women in britain , so it is no surprise even with their smaller population .
