  ** here , the russian conspiracy theory about ukrainian fighters in the vicinity falls flat because no such planes show up on either ukrainian or russian radar ** 2.9.5.3 in accordance with icao annex 11 - air traffic services , paragraph 6.4.1 ( automatic recording of surveillance data ) states are required to automatically record data from primary and secondary surveillance radar equipment systems for use in accident and incident investigations , search and rescue , and air traffic control and surveillance systems evaluation and training . 
  these recordings shall be retained for a period of at least thirty days , and for accident and incident investigation for a longer period until it is evident that the recordings will no longer be required . 
  the russian federation did not provide the radar data stating that no radar data was saved ** we know the ukrainian installation was out of service at the time due to scheduled maintenance . 
  russia however has given no reasonable explantion why they did not save or provide primary radar data ** 2.9.7 two nato airborne warning and control system ( awacs ) aeroplanes conducted missions in nato airspace over poland and romania on 17 july 2014 . 
  in correspondence with the dutch safety board , the nato supreme allied commander europe stated that the awacs aeroplanes detected flight mh17 during its flight but the aeroplane ` had flown beyond nato awacs coverage well before it crashed ' . 
  he noted that , following a request from the dutch safety board , nato specialists had re-analysed the data that had been collected by the awacs aeroplanes on 17 july but that ` there is no data from the awacs which would be relevant to the investigation of the crash . 
  supreme headquarters allied powers europe does not hold any other radar or other awacs data relevant to mh17 ** that 's another thing that 's dear to the russian narrative : there were two awacs planes from nato in the sky , so they must know what was going on , right ? 
  turns out they have a limited range and mh-17 - while initially in range - flew out of it . 
   why are gay people so eager to claim institutions that discriminated them in the first place ? 
  because a lot of gays are as conservative or traditional as the rest of society . 
  those do not want to be sluts , even in the affirmative , they want to marry , have a house and a dog and that 's that . 
  i think it 's unfair to burden gays with the task of breaking up the traditional sex-negative attitude of germany - those who identify as sluts should do it , no matter if they are transgender , gay , queer or hets . 
  and i think it is condescending to write `` we 're essentially teaching gay people how to slut shame '' . 
  they are not children , they can make the decisions for themselves . 
  and gays are a very heterogeneous group , ranging from urban singles who want to cruise the darkrooms to staunch afd supporters who want foreigners out and live in a nativist germany . 
  i do n't understand . 
  over the last years , we have witnessed a lot of conflict between member states ' interests and eu institutions interests , for better or worse . 
  the eu is an organization that is dependent on the member states , but is not its member states . 
  the european council is inseparable from the member states , but commission and ep are different beasts . 
   you see in every functional democracy you have separation of legislative and executive for obvious democratic reasons . 
  in the current eu you have a european council ( consisting of the executive branch of eu members ) acting as a high chamber and enacting legislation at the eu level . 
  you are making my point here ? 
  the member states never got around to giving real power to the european parliament and extend the commission to something like an eu government . 
  the eu itself can not do this , the member states would have to transfer those powers . 
  it 's fine to sit in little switzerland , gloat and pat yourself on the back , just try to keep perspective . 
  well yes . 
  but that plane was n't shut down by a manpads . 
  strange that russia did not provide raw radar data to the dutch commission on request , but now `` finds '' it somewhere and turns it to an anonymous guy named `` andrew '' . 
  but i am sure there 's an explanation for that . 
  the buk system without the command module and target acquisition radar is a bitch to operate , especially the older versions which more or less only feature and oscilloscope and a lot of switches . 
  you could n't train a ragtag militia on this thing . 
  now , if you find veterans from an air-defense brigade among the separatists , you could train them - but in all likelihood , the system was manned by russian soldiers . 
  paging / u/infidius / who i know disagrees but maybe could chime in with more information about using the buk telar without target acquisition radar and command center . 
  while i agree in principle , it 's not the eu that 's failing , it 's its member states . 
  the eu is now so maligned that any attempt of their leadership is routinely seen as a power-grab by dirty eurocrats . 
  the eu worked great as a small club of similar countries that were able to come to compromises . 
  it still worked after the southern expansion , but here strains were introduced thanks to the differences in economic development . 
  but with the eastern expansion , the idea of everyone trusting each other enough to put national egoism on the back burner and see where it goes ended . 
  that , and the emu which created an existential crisis for the solution of which the eu institutions are not powerful enough and the member states have too much to lose . 
  those empty hardpoints on the typhoon though , 
  yeah , for [ german literature and theater science ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mathias_d%c3%b6pfner ) . 
  a. springer is long dead . 
  the dude in the article is mathias d\u00f6pfner , the ceo of the springer publishing group . 
  of course , you are right , even the gl\u00f6rious us of a are a transfer union . 
  what he tries to imply and fears is the idea of a french-style `` socialism lite '' where the hard-working germanic countries have to pay for the lazy club-med countries , * hon hon hon * . 
  ( exaggerations all mine ), 
  ok which lefties are celebrating then ? 
   suggesting this as a good reason to go against brexit and celebrating it ? 
  so , which left party is celebrating this shot across the bow of the uk government by banks ? 
  this is just a product of your imagination . 
   the german government would probably have to step in and buy out the bank before it came to that point i am not even sure if there 's a ballpark estimate what bailing out db would cost the german taxpayer - obviously not all their assets would have to be written off completely , but how many cents on the eur would they be worth ? 
  for their leverage is so high that afaik germany could n't finance a bailout if a high percentage of their assets went bust . 
  at any rate , i nudged my mother to pull her money from them , better now than never . 
  i ca n't see the german state bailing out db , that would be political suicide for the party agreeing to it . 
  the current government is near the end of its term and the social democrats would raise such a stink over this demand and simply leave the government and call for early elections . 
  polishing my pitchfork as we speak . 
  wait a minute , this is the left 's fault as well ? 
  idk , man . 
  considering the shit big banks pulled over the years ( rigging libor , betting against their own customers ... ) , i feel they are n't exactly prone to playing by the rules . 
  i do n't see how . 
  basically , it is pushing more of the burden on citizens or forcing austerity politics . 
  * triggered *, 
  so the eu should bend over for an obstructionist government that is unwilling to leave even after it has declared it will do so ? 
   there is no battery car revolution . 
  do n't know which rock you have been living under , but eg . 
  the netherlands are contemplating [ no longer allowing gas-powered cars ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/environment/climate-change/netherlands-petrol-car-ban-law-bill-to-be-passed-reduce-climate-change-emissions-a7197136.html ) . 
   they just did not have enough business prowess to market taxpayer subsidized premium cars to rich californian techies tesla sells all over the world , just today saw one . 
  at any rate , our car manufacturers seem to pressure the german government into taxpayer-financed subsidies for battery-powered cars , so the old alliance between politics and car industry in germany is very much alive . 
   eu without uk means eu economy shrinking in about 20-30 % no . 
  germany is something like 20 % of the eu 's gdp . 
  britain would be less . 
  i am sure it is , currently . 
  however , posturing always carries the risk that one side actually pulls the trigger instead of both agreing on a compromise . 
   the internal market shall comprise an area without internal frontiers in which the free movement of goods , persons , services and capital is ensured easy . 
  if the uk wants acess to this market , it needs to implement all four freedoms . 
  if it does n't , then there 's no full access to said market . 
  straight [ from the horses 's mouth ] ( https://icsid.worldbank.org/apps/icsidweb/about/documents/guide%20to%20membership%20in%20the%20icsid%20convention.pdf ) :  icsid is the world 's leading facility for the arbitration and conciliation of disputes between states and foreign investors , having administered about 70 % of all known cases globally . 
  meh , that 's not how it went . 
  in a lot of countries , the alt-right has been surging since 10-15 years , it 's just germany that is the exception here . 
  the banking crisis as a turning point - since back then , a lot of otherwise normal people just want to see the world burn for no other reason than being frustrated . 
  i am not that afraid . 
  if there are no minor changes , then the consequences wo n't be that bad , because it would be a minor issue . 
  i am happy isds is gone from ceta , because they are pure evil and just maybe a permanent court will work better . 
  i just do n't see that treaty ever ratified - since the national politicians pressured the commission into declaring it 's a mixed treaty , i am certain it will be rejected somewhere - maybe out of boredom like the eu/ukraine thing in the netherlands . 
  well , taxes were 10 % back then , that should suit you , 
  not in all cases . 
  there are articles in the german constitution that can never be overriden ( art1 and 20 , iirc ) and the constitutional court has made it clear that it considers anything that touches those articles as * ultra vires * for the ecj . 
  there 's also a resting landmine in the omt program . 
  if it ever gets activated , the german constitutional court will go nuclear and forbid the bundesbank to participate . 
  i am not really sure canada has lower standards than the eu - maybe environmental protection , but apart from that ? 
   some governments are more prone to this than others . 
  for instance i do n't believe the us government has ever lost an isds case , while canada has lost loads . 
  well yes , because 70 % of arbitration cases are decided in the usa and arbitrators have received phone calls from the state department telling them to fuck over the foreign investor to protect the usa . 
  everything was better in the middle ages ? 
  ah , forget it , sk\u00e5ne is gone forever . 
  a shame really , it 's a beautiful piece of clay and malm\u00f6 and helsingborg are really nice . 
   it 's an expensive luxury to be a young single employed professional lol , come again ? 
   i 'm so curious how this will develop . 
  easy : - self driving and navigating cars - more car sharing and less private car ownership - electro-propulsion instead of internal combustion engine lowers the barriers to market entry considerably , meaning chinese and indian manufacturers have a chance , but mainly companies like tesla - key components of future cars ( chips , batteries , motors ) are n't developed in germany . 
   driving a car can still be perceived as a leisure or entertainment .
