  i did n't know esr did that ... 
  politicians from the ruling cdu/csu over here have been grumbling `` it 's all nice on paper , but who believes they will follow through . 
  greece 's place is outside the eur '' . 
  let 's see what the dark overlord has to say , that will make or break it over here . 
  ok , we need photos now , 
  oh that guy that did not understand a single thing about the baltics and got his ass handed when they rebounded by austerity ? 
  that one ? 
  greece is a nato country ... * looks at his fingernails *, 
  you mean penis ? 
  if you want to link to certain sections of the live ticker , use the little time stamps on the left . 
  and if you 'd rather read another live stream , [ here 's the one from reuters ] ( http://live.reuters.com/event/greek_debt_crisis_4 ), 
  that 's an expensive way to get rid of samaras . 
  no to to !, 
  well , they actually have . 
  i understand they have a 5-for-1 program where one person is hired for 5 leaving the public administration . 
  why they have not embarked on a radical program to go fully digital ( maybe asking estonia for help ) i do n't know . 
  ** bannable ** 1.1 bigotry , hate speech and xenophobia of any form ( sexism , racism , homophobia , islamophobia , russophobia , anti-semitism , et al ) are not tolerated here . 
  - it is not ok to make pejorative statements about large cultural , national or ethnic groups especially when these groups are not entered into by choice ( e.g. 
  race , gender , sexuality ) . 
   you never know when you will need your army but you are still operating nearly 400 m48 tanks and 500 leopard 1 . 
  both types are completely outdated , even after the upgrades . 
  same with the 50 f-4 fighters . 
  even the 40 mirage 2000 are somewhat dubious . 
  cutting both types would leave you with 150 + f-16 against turkey 's 180 + . 
  i do n't claim that would make up for the $ 200m difference , just saying you seem to retain a lot of gear that is redundant today . 
  the sensible thing in economic terms would be to either tie paybacks to gdp growth/primary surplus or push them back 10 years so greece can use surplus to finance reforms and growth . 
  why is that not being done ? 
  i guess because the powers that be want leverage over greek governments - something to force them to actually commit to reforms . 
  that 's why the `` bailout packages '' did not go to greece in one large installment but in small tranches conditional on progress in implementing reforms . 
  iirc the last tranche they received came in august . 
  since then , reforms have stalled and now the financial squeeze is forcing athens to jump . 
  it 's some darth-vader shit and i do n't fully agree to the way the ez is using the thumb screws here , but i guess that 's the reason behind it . 
  because banks serve another purpose than just storing and coughing up money , they are payment processors . 
  i am not sure if the professional international competitors would want to take over greek banks in the current political environment . 
  in the end , no one has a real interest in letting greek banks implode : the ez uses them as the balls by which to grab greece and the greek government unloads t-bills and ( in better days ) loans onto them . 
  so if there was debt restructuring it would be more of a union to you ? 
  krugman posts critiques of american domestic politics disguised as slapping everyone around in other countries that do not agree to his ultra-keynesian ideas . 
  in that case , he absolutely had no idea what the baltics are , what their macro environment was or why they acted like they did . 
  he did get his ass completely handed in tons of articles and blog posts later when it became clear he was totally wrong . 
  i respectfully disagree , i do n't believe money is just paper . 
  it just makes sense . 
  with the super-low vat , basically the poor were subsidizing the ( i presume ) upper middle class living off tourism . 
  now , the hotels will contribute more . 
  it will raise prices , but hunting for bargain-price tourists has drawbacks too , first of all they destroy the image of a tourist destination and chase away better-paying customers . 
  and those bargain-price tourists do n't bring in all that much money . 
  nice way to use the economic crisis to push your xenophobe right-wing agenda . 
   now the eurozone was a green light to european liberal hawks to say who can get elected and who ca n't . 
  it 's not about who can get elected but what kind of economic policy they can choose . 
  you may not like it , but the maastricht-criteria are incompatible with any policy but a liberal and pro-business one . 
  large deposits probably already are elsewhere . 
  the capital flight started years ago and increased after syriza came to power and then again in june . 
  if i were n't so lazy , i 'd look for an up-to-date graph of deposits in greek banks . 
  if there 's enough money to recapitalize the banks and if the ecb extends ela again , capital will come back . 
  for most people , certainly the middle class and lower , having most of their money in another country or under the mattress is very inconvenient . 
  and greeks seem to believe in syriza , for some reason or other . 
  i 'd be careful , that 's from ambrose `` wishful thinking '' evans-pritchard . 
  everything now depends on the new greek proposals and if they arrive in time . 
  very sorry to hear that . 
  i understand the disillusionment , i just hope that you and other greeks will see a brighter future soon and feel less bitter about us and the eu . 
  let me stress that i never believed in the `` lazy greek '' stereotype . 
  the examples cited are an unfair generalization . 
  lastly , i do n't believe sch\u00e4uble would say something like `` let greece burn so the others will learn '' , that 's not his style . 
  according to the article , that 's how geithner paraphrases what sch\u00e4uble has to say . 
  not that what i suppose sch\u00e4uble would say is so very much nicer - it would probably be along the line of `` either they do their homework or they leave so others see they ca n't take us for a ride '' , but the inhumane image of torching a country probably is a very loose translation . 
  anyhow , i wish you guys luck . 
  maybe the fools from syriza have sen the light . 
  unfortunately i doubt the winners will offer generous conditions ... 
  heh , that was pure comedy gold as krugman derided the baltics for implementing austerity measures , more or less calling them illiterate peasants . 
  and so great how ilve 's head exploded on twitter : - 8:57 p.m. let 's write about something we know nothing about & be smug , overbearing & patronizing : after all , they 're just wogs - 9:06 p.m. 
  guess a nobel in trade means you can pontificate on fiscal matters & declare my country a `` wasteland . '' must be a princeton vs columbia thing - 9:15 p.m. 
  but yes , what do we know ? 
  we 're just dumb & silly east europeans . 
  unenlightened . 
  someday we too will understand . 
  - 9:32 p.m. let 's sh * t on east europeans : their english is bad , wo n't respond & actually do what they 've agreed to & reelect govts that are responsible . 
  - 10:10 p.m. chill . 
  just because my country 's policy runs against the received wisdom & i object does n't mean y\u2019 all got ta follow me . 
   the way forward is for politicians to guide people . 
  to show them the greater picture and not the short term interests . 
  i think we are past that point . 
  maybe the next generation has a chance for steps forward , but for now , keeping what we have would be an achievement . 
  i guess the next years will be dominated by nationalism - whether it is right-wing like fn and ukip or left-wing like podemos and syriza . 
  as i said : i do n't want the eur or the eu erected by `` burning '' one country or scaring people . 
  but i also do n't want it dominated by soft-socialists or statists , i want a competitive market economy . 
  i am torn on this . 
  i do n't want scare tactics as a means to get a closer union . 
  on the other hand , the eur will not survive without a political , fiscal and budget union , and i do n't see how such a union would get under way in the current climate . 
  at least not without pressure . 
  one of the conditions of a true union are transfer payments , and i 'd rather see the eur dissolved than a transfer union with socialist or at least completely irresponsible countries . 
  i am not sure if this contradicts what i write . 
  especially  the argument was that letting greece burn would make it easier to build a stronger europe with a more credible firewall . 
  interesting . 
  i think it 's a bit over the top , but surely tragedies like 9/11 or the hebdo shootings were exploited to push through shady politics . 
  and juncker is in the room . 
  do you have german ancestry ? 
   it is political posturing i doubt that very much - see [ my reply ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3cohn8/wolfgang_sch%c3%a4uble_has_said_the_imf_is_correct/csxnya0 ) to frank_cat . 
  we do n't know for sure . 
  i believe this had two functions - first a signal for the electorate that the government is not pissing away taxpayer 's money . 
  second , to drive home a point across the ez : the eur is not some weak-ass fixed exchange system , but an extremely strong bond between member states . 
  therefore , it would be inconceivable for him to offer a debt cut until after reforms have been installed that ensure the `` socialism light '' is gone once and for all .
