  i am sympathetic that you are on average much poorer and i am strictly pro keeping our job market open to polish workers and paying eu funds to you . 
  but somewhere there 's a limit , the world does not revolve around poland . 
  you are not an underdeveloped country , especially not in the cities . 
   every bit of lang in europe was earned by ages of bloodshed and hardship good times !, 
  so sorry they have ended ... 
   i can only assume he was of no stranger to being able to get girls number . 
  lol , that guy is totally inhibited . 
  that gon na be ... interesting . 
  i am sure they will have a lot to discuss , but i guess little to say . 
  if it 's real , that is . 
   i think if we would look at real numbers , you get more from us than we from you . 
  go ahead , show me those numbers . 
  you wanted in the eu , and germany was a sponsor for that . 
  if france had their say , you 'd still be outside . 
  i wonder how so many east europeans are mentally stuck in the state owned kind of economy . 
  what do you think would happen without international trade and foreign investments ? 
  german companies get bought by french , us and lately chinese all the time , so what ? 
  that 's how capitalism works , a job is still a job . 
   e.g. 
  former national polish telecommunication operator pays 1.6 % of income to orange ( french national operator ) just for using `` orange '' name . 
  obviously they still feel it 's worth it . 
  i mean , do you want to have a free market system or do you want socialism ? 
  german companies are the largest investors in poland :  in terms of both the number of investors and the total amount invested , german companies rank first among foreign direct investors in poland . 
  in 2012 alone , german direct investments there totalled eur 3.5 billion , aggregate investment since poland 's change of political system in 1989/1990 amounting to eur 27 billion . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.auswaertiges-amt.de/en/aussenpolitik/laender/laenderinfos/01-nodes/polen_node.html ) would you rather not have jobs by foreign companies ? 
  no foreign investments ? 
  look , it 's completely ok that you received a truckload of money and we have the privilege to pay most , that 's what comes with a union . 
  where it turns into leeching is when you do nothing in return and still complain on how badly you are treated . 
  if croatia turns around once in the eu and tells everyone lol , thank for the monies , we do n't care for solidarity unless we profit from it , then i will call them out here too . 
  i am claiming you are leeching like fuck , you are [ the largest net receiver ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/11221427/eu-budget-what-you-need-to-know.html ) . 
   obviously you have something against the poles i have nothing against polish people . 
  i do have a problem with the nationalist politics over at your country and with the idea you can take advantage of the eu without giving back . 
   because why the fuck should we change our ways because you think it is the right thing to do - [ declaration of human rights ] ( http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/index.shtml#a14 ) - [ refugee convention ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49da0e466.html ) it 's not our personal hobby , those are international obligations you are trying to weasel out . 
  their whole attitude towards human rights and their entitlement are a match made in heaven . 
  as we all know , islam is as monolithic a religion as they come ... come on man , defending western values by threatening to cut off people 's heads , it does n't get more hypocritical than that . 
  by that measure , putin and le pen are immaculate democrats and defenders of human rights . 
  as if you are repaying anything right now . 
  and if you are growing that well , surely you can spare some money to come true to your obligations under the various treaties on refugees you signed . 
  but yeah , that 's exactly the shitty kind of entitlement i expected : we take your money because you wanted us in the eu . 
  we do n't thank anyone for accepting our people because it 's your own hobby to help people , we only want to take . 
  i do n't think that little shit would know the difference between an islamist and a moderate muslim . 
   and being german of all you should understand that girl , since you guys protest nazis and neo-fascists all the time and are quite proud of it . 
  exactly , i know neofascism when i see it , that 's why i do n't like what i see in that sign . 
  well , in eastern europe , the percentage of anti-gay , anti-muslim fucks is certainly higher than 10 % , so i do n't quite understand your point . 
  that 's all solidarity and must not be questioned lest the poles start whining about german dictate again . 
  except we pay billions to prop up your agriculture , but that does n't count because it 's your right to grab every euro that 's to grab . 
  except other european countries are very open to economic migrants out of poland , but that does n't count either because we all have the obligation to help you . 
  we 're a you asking how other societies felt with the massive influx of poles ? 
  with car theft rising ? 
  no , you did n't because you are so self-centered . 
  in eastern europe that 's the moderate stance . 
  because every muslim does that . 
  the brother probably steals cars , burglars the homes he worked as a plumber or rapes british women . 
  that would make more sense if cameron actually assisted those in the camps . 
  as it is , it 's just nimby, 
  i 'll take up your original statement : if they get arrested and this causes a fergusson 3.0 , i 'll get you are a beer . 
   married or `` married '' ( eingetragene lebenspartnerschaft ) ? 
  of course lebenspartnerschaft , we still do n't have marriage equality : / here 's still hoping for the next parliamentary term - after all , more than 60 % are in favor of opening marriage constantly over the last years . 
   hopefully it 's much the same in other areas of europe as well ( not holding out for eastern europe ) . 
  also hopefully it remains so into the far future , which is my main thought , i guess . 
  if i were gay , i would n't relocate to eastern europe either . 
  i guess they still need another 20 years or so to come around . 
  across western europe , i am not worried - the attitude towards lgbt issues has been becoming more liberal all the time . 
  even former conservative countries like ireland and spain have totally changed . 
  i do n't see a muslim minority of 5-15 % changing that . 
  a whole lot are n't anti-gay as of now , and by the time their percentage of society rises , they will have relaxed on the issue . 
   as in , sad as it is to say , but white german/western gays are n't the ones getting killed it 's the people from ultra conservative immigrant families . 
  i guess , but i know little about the situation of gay muslims . 
  i know there is some outreach from gay organizations , but that 's about it . 
  in general , if you are still not sure about personal security : - do n't live in poor parts of cities - especially do n't go into the project parts ( banlieus in france , sozialbaugebiete in germany ) - do n't wear drag and be effeminate in public transport at night . 
  apart from that , i doubt europe is any more dangerous than the usa . 
  nothing wrong with that in principle , but you have to recognize there are hidden costs for sticking to a globally relatively unimportant language ? 
  uhm , that guy is romanian , he would know jack shit about how things are in western europe . 
  ireland can into space !, 
   maybe it sounds ridiculous to you guys but i would really like to hear from people who live in europe what is actually up with things close relative of mine who is also gay lives in a very conservative part of bavaria where gays were ostracized 20 years ago and married his hubby three years ago . 
  he tells me people are super friendly and they did n't have a bad experience yet . 
  and that 's not even a big city . 
  i do n't think the relative rise of anti-lgbt crime ( as bad as that is ) does mean a whole lot as the absolute level of such crimes is really low . 
  i would n't exactly move to an arab neighborhood but if you move to one of the better parts of town , or even in one of the gay areas you will be totally fine . 
  depending on the age of the boy , in [ germany you 'd still be the guilty party ] ( http://www.juraforum.de/forum/t/unfall-in-einbahnstrasse-mit-radfahrer.247202/ ) . 
  why ? 
  because he 's a kid . 
  4chan must have a field day , he makes them look like school boys . 
   it is a direct consequence of the de facto cancellation of the schengen treaty . 
  [ dublin ii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ) maybe ? 
  well , the serbs are ahead of you , they have so many grenades lying around , they [ toss them in the trash ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/17/us-serbia-arms-iduskbn0md2db20150317 ) . 
  no , germany 's borders to austria are not closed . 
   gun fetish seems to be purely american thing . 
  oh no , a couple of my acquaintances have a real fetish for the things . 
  does n't help they are the nerd type with problems in social situations . 
  i tend to avoid the topic near them . 
  i was taking the liberty to point out that germany has acted on the most pressing problem ( for which we got a lot of heat , not least by him ) , that of trade imbalances * inside * the emu . 
  those trade imbalances have the potential to tear the emu apart rather quickly . 
  i am disappointed that he chose to conceal this development of which he is certainly aware in a piece about moral leadership - an issue where the full truth would be imperative for any author . 
  i acknowledged that global trade imbalances caused by germany are still a problem , so i do n't really see your point . 
  the one thing our government could do ( and frankly i do n't know why the do n't ) to act on it is lowering our vat to unleash domestic demand . 
  but with the current low external value of the eur the power of the german government to quench the export overhang is very limited . 
  yes , we should deregulate our service sector and follow greece 's example there , but that 's hardly lack of moral leadership . 
  the closest i have ever come was a paintball tournament in czech republic gunning down other players with color balls . 
  gave me a whole different opinion about survivability of war .
