  at this time , it has to devaluate the currency or - in the case of a ez member - leave or implement really draconian austerity measures . 
  no country can be expelled from the ez . 
   montenegro uses the euro , after all - and it 's not like they can be expelled from the eu . 
  switzerland used a fixed exchange rate to the eur and [ they had to break it ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2015/01/economist-explains-13 ) because their central bank no longer had the money to defend it . 
  sure : http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on-the-functioning-of-the-european-union-and-comments/part-3-union-policies-and-internal-actions/title-viii-economic-and-monetary-policy/chapter-1-economic-policy/393-article-125.html also known as the `` no bailout clause '' . 
  germany is a federal republic , where the federal government in worst case would give money to states . 
  the eu is not . 
   the current ( far ) right german government is still butthurt about greek actions in the ww2 that 's completely moronic . 
  neither is germany 's country far right , nor butthurt about ww ii . 
   for example the greek government wanted to cut spending in the military , the same spending that germany wants them to cut in pensions , the greek government said that they do n't want to cut pensions , germany does n't care bullshit , get your facts straight , that was n't germany . 
  not sure if it 's eli5 enough : ** timeline ** - back in the day , in the us two investment banks collapsed . 
  first everyone was like `` meh , so what '' but the shockwaves blew the lids off the real economy ( the one that produces goods ) . 
  then people shat their pants and talked about a new great depression - then governments all over the world found their banks had a lot of problems too and might go boom , so they injected loads of tax money to stabilize them . 
  - then the greek government announced that they had borrowed huge sums of money over the years , that the money was gone and they probably would not be able to repay it . 
  when people did the math they saw that probably some banks both in greece and elsewhere would collapse too . 
  and no bank would lend any more money to greece . 
  - so the rich eurozone countries , the european central bank and the imf ( called the troika ) sat down with the greek government to find a way out that would stabilize greece , stabilize the banks and make sure greece would not run out of money . 
  this led to the first cash injection of 110bn eur which proved too small because of the recession . 
  another troika loan of 130bn eur was drafted . 
  those loans are now colloquially known as `` bailout programs '' - the troika forced private borrowers and greek pension funds which held greek debt bonds to accept a 50 % reduction in the value of the bonds they held . 
  they furthermore forced the greek government to reduce government spending across the spectrum , from civil servants to medical spending . 
  and they agreed with the greek government to loan them huge sums of money - this time not from banks but the taxpayers . 
  greece would have to pay it back later . 
  - projections about greek gdp growth were not met by a wide margin , in fact the recession deepened considerably instead of bottoming out soon . 
  [ unemployment grew ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/greece-unemployment-rate.png?s=umrtgr&amp;d1=20000101&amp;d2=20151231 ) . 
  a lot . 
  [ youth unemployment even more ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/greece-youth-unemployment-rate.png?s=greeceyouunerat&amp;d1=20000101&amp;d2=20151231 ) . 
  this started to cause discontent in the greek population . 
  greece implemented a lot of reforms , but did not implement some others . 
  the mood in the negotiations grew worse and trust began to break down . 
  - lot of quarreling and haggling about the terms of the cuts greece had to make with objections from a lot of people that the agreed terms were illusionary . 
  - syriza got voted in in greece on the dual promise `` we do n't give up the eur '' and `` we will renegotiate the terms and make them easier for greece '' . 
  - troika said `` no '' to the second promise , months of negotiating follows . 
  - currently : greece has to pay back some money to the imf . 
  the troika has still money from bailout 2 earmarked for greece but wo n't hand it over because greece does not follow demands . 
  - end of month : greece banks currently need more money from the ecb to pay out to greeks than they take in ( capital flight is one reason for that ) . 
  so they turn to the ecb for emergency liquid assistance ( ela ) . 
  once greece does not pay back to the imf , the ecb might turn off the ela forcing greek banks into insolvency ( the ecb might be legally forced to do so ) . 
  - some weeks down the road : greek banks might implode and the government might be forced to nationalize them so there is a banking system left . 
  since the government does not have enough eur for this , they might be forced to introduce a currency they fully control ( the eur is controlled by the ecb ) . 
  - some months down the road : uncharted waters . 
  greece could remain in the eurozone as a zombie member , technically violating a lot of treaties , but no once can do anything about it . 
  ** why is there a deadlock ? 
  ** syriza says `` we are not responsible for the past and have a democratic mandate to change the agreement terms '' . 
  lender 's governments counter `` we have also a democratic mandate to protect the money of our taxpayers and we believe pacta sunt servanda '' . 
  imf says `` we have a mandate from our member countries to protect the money and we do n't believe in a lot of greek proposals '' . 
  ecb says `` we 'd rather not be here , we are no politicians . 
  please get your act together '' . 
  the root cause is a complete loss of trust between greece and the troika , and seemingly also personal issues between some members of both delegations . 
  ** is there still hope ? 
  ** there are very slim chances that the current crisis does not get more ugly still : 1 ) some economists believe greece 's economy could survive a exit from the euro zone and start growing faster 2 ) it might all be smoke and mirrors on both sides and there will be an agreement in the last hour . 
  maybe greece promises a subset of reforms and the troika unlocks part of the money to gain more time for further discussions . 
  3 ) greece does not pay the imf but no one reacts because the imf has a timeline for late payments where the first measures start at roughly 6 weeks late . 
  during those 6 weeks , some kind of solution is found . 
  4 ) ( most unlikely ) merkel and tsipras go full statesman and own the crisis . 
  merkel announces a debt cut and relaxation of terms and hopes and prays that both parliament and most other creditor countries follow . 
  tsipras tells his voters that he fears greece would drop into the abyss and starts reforms again , even those that are most controversial . 
  then hopes and prays that parliament follows and then organizes a referendum on eur membership . 
  the eurozone meeting that is probably the make/break time is tomorrow , right ? 
   what have greek people to do with international banks ? 
  ** people over here feel they are the bag holders and everyone else is laughing at them . 
  yeah , same here . 
  i did enjoy the stay very much . 
  in germany , tourism to greece is up from 2014 and 2014 already was a pretty solid year . 
  it seems the media attention actually helps tourism . 
  come on , i was teasing you with the specter of overburdening eu regulation , 
  good point , thanks . 
  well , this is one area where we 'll have to have european regulation to make sure you stop simply mixing signs and traffic lights . 
  after the uk referendum ... 
  i do n't care at all . 
  it 's gon na be one out of a handful of us oligarchs . 
  trump is probably as good or bad as bush . 
   `` sadly the american dream is dead , '' trump said at the end of his speech . 
  `` but if i get elected president i will bring it back bigger and better and stronger than ever before . '', 
  that 's the same nondescript stuff i 'd expect from any presidential candidate . 
  depends . 
  if you believe you can disregard political constraints because of your economical analysis you end up like mr. v. 
   from day one varoufakis and syriza generally are saying that the problem is political and it needs a political solution wait a minute . 
  from day one varoufakis was lecturing everyone left and right how the troika got it wrong and has zero understanding of economics . 
  of course in the end everyone was pissed and stopped listening . 
  `` varoufakis also gave his analysis of the economic and social situation in greece . 
  whilst he recognised the need for economic reform , he also observed that after five years of aggressive fiscal consolidation , greek exports had stagnated . 
  `` that means that something is not working , regardless of what political position we take , '' he said . '', 
  ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/euro-finance/varoufakis-steals-show-economic-forum-313693 ) '' mr varoufakis said greece had gone from `` ponzi growth '' during the emu debt bubble to a form of `` ponzi austerity '' that had done nothing to restore the country 's viability or tackle the deep malignancies of the greek social economy . 
  `` we have to earn the trust of our european partners , but they must also acknowledge that for five years they have been imposing a programme that makes matters worse . 
  they need to convince us that they 're serious about rebooting , '' he said . '', 
  ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11543730/grexit-dangers-mount-as-greeces-yanis-varoufakis-warns-of-liquidity-asphyxiation.html ) a political solution where one side draws red lines and the other side concurs is hardly a political solution . 
   the imf knows it and all the worlds economists know it . 
  like fuck they do . 
  they had been wrong on a lot of occasions , they just believe they know it . 
  except for krugman , that guy never makes mistakes . 
   when they saved the banks with this program , it would n't go down well is they said `` we are saving irresponsible banks that lent too much money to corrupt greek governments '' . 
  i do n't know if this is underreported outside germany , but people were * furious * when the banks were salvaged - not only because of greece but mostly because of the us 's subprime crisis . 
  in fact , the unwillingness to further finance greece has a lot to do with the bailing out of banks back then . 
  people over here feel they are the bag holders and everyone else is laughing at them . 
   so they named it solidarity and greece 's bail out . 
  in fact it was only a debt transfer along with some extreme measures . 
  i really do n't know if this is really a thing in greece or if it is pure trolling , but the money was spent in greece in the years before . 
  it hardly matters if it came from the banks first and the european taxpayers later or directly from the european taxpayers , it is still money that ended up in greece . 
  but obviously the regard for treaty obligations in greece is pretty low if defaulting on loans is a completely normal thing .
