   remember that we never bombed syria some people would really [ disagree with you on this . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/jul/17/david-cameron-knew-uk-pilots-were-bombing-isis-in-syria ) the implosion of libya opened the corridors for mass migration and made it possible for people smugglers to set up shop there . 
  kaddhafi was an ass-hat but pushing for his resignation and then bombing his system without any plan for what comes after has squarely landed us in deep shit . 
  to say nothing about the bright idea of invading iraq and afghanistan ( yes , in the latter case , we were involved too ), 
  and i say the best way to change that perception is a income scheme that makes parenting a job . 
  not something you get 120 , - per month . 
  not something you receive some tax breaks , but a real wage . 
  money can buy a lot of freedom . 
  yeah , it is completely a problem of our making . 
  has nothing to do with the uk being the lapdog of the usa in bombing the shit out of the middle east and northern africa . 
  guess which country did not take part in the shitty `` liberation '' of libya ? 
  thanks for nothing guys . 
  you are doing great - in causing a mess and then playing dumb . 
  the alternative is more illiterates from africa . 
  maybe we should actually pay women to be mothers , like a regular wage . 
  problem of course is that 's gon na be expensive . 
  i do n't want britain out of the eu , i want them to make up their minds . 
  do they simply want a free trade zone ? 
  fine , then stop nagging about countries that want more . 
  lead , follow , or get out of they way , it 's simple , really . 
  you ca n't simply have countries check in and out of treaties willy-nilly . 
  for business , that destroys everything the eu had achieved : common rules , accountability and no/low barriers to doing transnational business . 
  a clean distinction between core and periphery countries might work , but then i want zero veto power of the periphery over the core zone, 
  the one issue i have with the german system is a responsibility creep towards the upper house lately . 
  a couple of the larger states can block a lot of legislation , and this has been used to force the transfer of even more responsibility towards the state level and away from the federal level . 
  a lot of people seem to like this , but it causes total chaos in our education system , which is the sole responsibility of the states . 
  unlike france , there 's hardly any federal standards anymore . 
  i know , but i witnessed it yesterday , so for once i know it happens . 
  no , it 's not just you . 
  can someone explain why the agricultural sector of france is both large and so dependent on eu subsidies ? 
  if true that is really bizarre beyond belief . 
  also : gibe back gold , is ours :-), 
  of course germany is to blame if unsustainable economic structures do n't survive . 
  is n't that luddite missy getting a bit old ? 
  fishery used to be a major industry over here too , now there are just 2500 people working in the fish business and most work in import . 
  structural change is a reality and a downsized fish industry will be profitable again . 
  http://www.dw.com/de/kampf-gegen-prostitution/a-17264102 i am on mobile , ca n't provide more in depth sources . 
  but that discussion is still ongoing . 
  maybe you misunderstood my comment ? 
  i am not pro banning it, 
  pass me whatever it is you are smoking !, 
  that 's impressive mental gymnastics you go through here , buddy . 
  sure , that 's why i wrote feminists and not `` all feminists '' . 
  maybe `` some feminists '' would have been clearer . 
  i prefect well understand there are different schools of feminism , some i support , some not . 
   why would anybody force and trick women into prostitution when more then enough want to do it for the money ? 
  money . 
  young and inexperienced women with a nice face fetch a lot more on the meat market . 
  after a couple of years , their value goes down , so you need replacement . 
  also easier to defraud illegals ( or people led to believe they are illegal )  why would a `` customer '' go to a scared and psychologically damaged prostitute if the one next door is n't ? 
  some would n't recognize it , some just do n't give a fuck if the price is right . 
   why would a brothel owner go through the hassle of keeping his girls in line with physical and psychological force if they can just rent them a room out some do . 
  others want a higher profit or are old-school pimps used to force women into the trade . 
  and a lot of brothels are owned by migrants from more traditional societies who just do n't care shit about women . 
  sources : i got some friends in prostitution . 
  yes , no to no . 
  in the end , to push a moral agenda : getting rid of paid-for sex . 
  assault and rape laws would be sufficient to pursue johns that abuse hookers . 
  yes . 
  because that has a lot to do with wealth * differences * . 
  sorry for not being pc enough . 
  playing devil 's advocate a bit here , but as long as the wealth difference between say germany and moldova is as it is , you will have a lot of women being trafficked , a lot are gullible and are baited with lies . 
  so , no it 's not just the taboos that make people vulnerable , it 's a tough problem as long as there 's a first world and a third world ( sorry moldovans , not to single you out ), 
  out of curiosity : how does your law deal with say bdsm dommes who need a lot of heavy-duty gear and typically do n't work from home and do n't work the streets either but book time in a professional dungeon ? 
  so do i. 
  just sayin ' that thing is not yet secure , germany could still ape the swedes . 
   instead it might be better to fight bullshit with bullshit , by talking about the need to borrow to invest , or even that it is best to ` grow your way out of debt ' . 
  ( if you think the latter is nonsense , you are still in the wrong court : the court of truth rather than bullshit . 
  as long as the phrase contains what i have sometimes called a ` half-truth ' , it has the potential to be effective bullshit . ), 
  is that you ? 
  most people like them , especially work-place regulations on safety . 
  the british position is mostly seen as bonkers . 
  then be careful that the copy does not explode over your heads !, 
  yeah , well , big surprise here . 
  that 's what kinsey et al. 
  have been preaching for a long time . 
  but hey russia , see how the gay west is turning ever more gay ? 
  so the sky is falling again , huh ? 
  that 's not true . 
  there is a relatively strong movement over here to roll back the legalization , it is fueled by a coalition of conservatives and feminists and the topic has already reached parliamentary subcommittee . 
  for the record , at least in germany , prostitution has been legalized which is still a different beast from decriminalizing it . 
  legalization has a lot of benefits , but also some drawbacks - it 's harder to prove women were trafficked and we had some problems with capitalism entering the scene and eg . 
  offering flat-rate fucking and putting pressure on hooker 's incomes . 
  it 's called welcome culture , make sure they do n't get attacked , get social benefits and first and foremost work . 
  those who sit in creepy tents in greece or italy would come to eastern europe if given a chance . 
  all the while poland is dying for rain ... 
  hyperbole much ? 
  how about there 's a war going on in we are witnessing a humanitarian crisis and have a duty to do something apart from sticking fingers up your butts ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  those are the exact countries that have been taking in refugees while east europe have been picking their noses . 
  that 's pretty unfair because germany is taking in a huge lot of refugees whereas portugal is twiddling their thumbs . 
  as usual , the core countries act and the periphery sits and watches . 
  well , the uk could share the burden instead of pretending this has nothing to do with their wars in the middle east . 
  exactly , all the time calling moderation censorship and other newspeak, 
  it 's not censorship and everyone with half a brain knows it . 
  mods get to choose the audience of the sub and lax moderation attracts low quality posters . 
  well , so basically , / r/europe will descent into the same casual racism as / r/worldnews ? 
  where anti-immigration threats dominate and drown out all the other discussions ? 
  ca n't help it , this here sub needs a stricter moderation , not some misguided attempt to please the masses . 
  i mean , it 's pretty clear he has ulterior motives and wants greece out of the eur for good , but that does n't mean he 's too dumb to understand debt cuts would help things .
