  western germany always was completely ass-backwards since the 1950 's conservative restauration . 
  in the former gdr , women also were more confident and technically minded , but that got lost . 
  past socialism is the big confounder here ... 
  germany historically never tried . 
  the backlash in the adenauer era more or less eradicated women in the workplace and from then , progress has been slow . 
  and of course , bavaria is not exactly on the forefront either . 
  syriza and varoufakis should hire some pr pros or get their communication in order . 
  way too frequently they have to retract or explain some statement . 
  this is pretty damning for muslims . 
  - about half are fundamentalist according to the study , but realistically the percentage is 65 % ( islamic law is more important than secular law ) - it does not matter if they are rich and educated or poor and uneducated , they are consistently more intolerant than the native population - average muslims are way more fundamentalist than extreme christians . 
  - antisemitism , homophobia , hate against the natives is rampant , figures are from just under half to 60 % - whereas in the native population , resentments are mainly voiced by geezers , in the muslim population it runs across all ages `` these findings clearly contradict the often-heard claim that islamic religious fundamentalism is a marginal phenomenon in western europe or that it does not differ from the extent of fundamentalism among the christian majority '' yeah , thanks for coming here . 
  having read the study i fail to see how the data would allow anything but simple conclusions , to be honest . 
  the only mitigating circumstances i can read is that muslims make up only a small minority and therefore there are more christian fundamentalists in absolute terms . 
  speisa.com is a right-wing bullshit site . 
  they do misrepresent facts to make them match their mission , so be careful to take this at face value . 
  unfortunately , i do n't speak swedish so i can not investigate if what they write is true . 
  most people pretend they do n't exist or pretend someone from the municipal bureaucracy cares ( which is usually not really the case ) . 
  our public transport turns a blind eye in winter if they sleep in the stations or trains so they do n't have to freeze in the nights . 
  theoretically , help is available , but to be eligible , they need a id card . 
  to get an id card ( presuming they lost theirs or it is no longer valid ) you need a place of residency . 
  if you know how , you can work around it , but long-term homeless usually are not able to deal with the bureaucracy . 
  there are too few drug rehab places and either way , you can not simply force them into therapy or rehab , so they usually do n't get much older than mid-40 . 
  from talking to a homeless girl some years back , it seems their best allies are a few local physicians who will treat them without compensation and keep a list of people who will help out in dealing with social security , finding a place to live and all that . 
  i have mad respect for them ... 
  maybe , but we are talking about humans here , not cattle . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  i have been asking myself the same question . 
  it 's ok to apply not-so subtle pressure on greek 's politicians to enforce some changes in the country , but europe should be better than leaving its citizens without shoes , access to medical care or shoes . 
  there should be some kind of social security program backed by the eu , not the member states . 
  this should cover basic medical insurance , food stamps and maybe water and electricity . 
  that nothing like this exists ... not exactly our finest hour . 
  what the hell , sending something like this to a family working in their own restaurant ? 
  obviously , those are very lazy and nonworking ... 
   the problem in greece was n't on the side of the expenditure and wages , it was on the side of revenue . 
  i do n't believe this , and i am not the only one . 
  you should read [ this ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/wages-and-productivity-eurozone ) and even if you disagree , look at this image : http://www.voxeu.org/sites/default/files/image/fromaug2011/peetersfig1.gif . 
  greece is the odd man out with high wage increases and low productivity increases . 
  americans and their fetish for russian/german wars ... 
  the problem in greece was none of your typical run-of-the-mill cyclic crises keynes wrote about . 
  it is a problem directly stemming from a country that had an inflated wage and price level , borrowing 10 + % of gdp in a bubble economy . 
  this over-inflated prices and wages had to come down to regain competitiveness . 
  the only way economy knows to achieve this is going cold-turkey on foreign cash injections . 
  what a load of dumb racism . 
  this is only a fraction of the left - those who 's anti-americanism is so great they completely ignore the reality of what the russian government is . 
  wow , wiring laymen with audio/video gear to catch vat fraud . 
  i ca n't see this happening , but more power to them if they pull it off . 
   that if you subscribe to the belief that the u.s. wants to keep the e.u. 
  small and segmented ah no , i do n't think so . 
  i do believe that the us is quite content that the eu is not really powerful but i doubt they have a hidden agenda to keep us divided . 
  i do believe the us liked the idea of breaking out the warsaw pact front state , but i also think that the us realized there was no real way to hinder unification and taking the lead was a better option than alienating germans by stalling . 
   i do n't agree that a united germany was inevitable . 
  but it was - the gdr never developed its own national identity - in sharp contrast to austria with its k&k history , or before prussia , bavaria or some other larger german countries . 
  so the moment the gdr turned democratic , the ww ii allies would have had to actively interfere to stop reunification . 
  and that would have been a really major letdown - i guess something like verdun ii . 
  is n't kagan that guy who believes in the mars/venus bs ? 
  if yes , his analytical skills are a bit questionable . 
  our problem is not the welfare-state but the birth rate . 
  we 'll be entering into an economic tail-spin like japan - and exactly for the same reasons . 
  i know , i know . 
  this was an attempt at bantering , not trying to dish out blame . 
   just look at the french mass protests against gay marriage in france i dunno man , they ** have ** gay marriage . 
  we do n't . 
  and why ? 
  because of the catholic fucktards in bavaria . 
  yeah , because snowden was misinforming everyone , obama called merkel to apologize . 
  makes sense . 
   the reality is that germany spies on the u.s in diplomatic and economic spheres . . but we do n't publically out them because of our strong relationship . 
  how noble of you . 
  it could just also be the case that there simply is not much to publicize . 
  instead your spineless head honcho sent his foreign minister to apologize . 
  well , reading opinion pieces by guys like krugman or looking at greek newspapers , the fear is well founded . 
  but then it 's a problem the usa also has . 
   he apparently argues for the destruction of the european alliance by some sort of grand alliance between russia and germany since a recent poll found that  80 % of germans do n't trust russian politics , good luck with that . 
  germany will continue to be critical of the us 's love for bringing freedom on the back of tanks , but barring some really crazy potus , i can see no way our nation would turn to russia . 
  probably the one thing more important to germans than the relationship to the usa is our relationship with the our european partners . 
  no way , except for fringe parties . 
  if you piss at the wall of my house , you deserve to have your dick fried . 
  i know and i 'll never understand this . 
  no , he is most likely referring to widespread theft of bikes by german occupation forces ( ` ik wil mijn fiets terug ' ) . 
  at least that was why i ( as a german ) was countering it with the hint at widespread rape by russian soldiers . 
  germany is not a very secular country . 
  we still have ( in the west ) religious lessons in schools , the state collects taxes for the church and in the both southern states , religious influence is strong . 
  france is way more secular . 
  yeah , i 've read this all the time from 20-something unterschicht guys . 
  in reality , most people want to live in peace , have a regular income and that 's that . 
  just nail some electric fence wire to the wall . 
  no one is going to piss there a second time . 
  i doubt a drunk is considering finer technical details like that . 
  right , my bad . 
  i even misread the submission headline . 
  without any background on the rules of engagement , it is hard to tell the relevance . 
  with favorable roe , german typhoons were able to cull f-22 's , but in a real war scenario , things might be very different . 
  russians , op said . 
  not germans . 
  better take your sister upstairs . 
  me too . 
  must suck to be a bundeswehr soldier on nato exercise with all the other guys making smug jokes , but apart from that it 's great fun . 
  to the best of my knowledge it is not legal in germany . 
  grab my tactical broomstick and start shooting russians . 
  i dont care either way , as long as the water does not taste awful .
