  well , that 's in part because they subscribe to some texan superiority complex . 
  it has happened : http://www.dagbladet.no/spesial/vatdraktmysteriet/eng/ - but i expect a lot more of that if the french stop guarding that border . 
  i guess it 's safe to assume the uk would implement border and immigration controls on their side of the channel . 
  so people would try to cross at night , in bad visibility and probably in rubber dhingies since larger boats wo n't be for sale and trucks and ferries would be subjected to scrutiny . 
  otoh , you now can come to germany without restraint . 
  we limited migration from eastern europe for a couple of years , that limitation has lapsed . 
  bavaria has always been germany 's texas , that has nothing to do with migrants from the baltics . 
  fine by me , alas we do n't have any say in the matter , 
  we are getting those politicians no matter what the eu our existing governments do . 
  it 's a surge of populism that has more to do with slow growth and high unemployment . 
  that 's why i think it 's their nightmare - a troll country inside the eu can do immeasurable damage . 
  there are not many winning strategies against a troll with some leverage . 
  the only one i can think of is risk the implosion of the eu and escalate the conflict till the uk has had enough . 
  so let 's hope it does n't come to that and the uk either pulls the trigger or pretends nothing has happened . 
  i would think this is the shared nightmare of hollande , merkel , and juncker . 
  probably some other eu governments as well . 
  a loose gun on deck is the last thing the eu needs - no matter if you believe it should scale back somewhat or integrate more . 
  at this time , i ca n't see any more special treatments for the uk , as that would create moral hazard left , right , and center . 
  but i have been wrong more than once ... 
  i ca n't see this happening . 
  this would create an even worse humanitarian disaster between france and the uk . 
  photos of corpses washed ashore on both sides of * la manche * would weigh heavy on the image of the then-ruling french president . 
  i take it as posturing right now . 
  seeing how brexit has exploded into the uk 's ruling classes face , i am not so sure there are going to be a lot of leave referendums in the next couple of years . 
  demolition expert . 
   and the european banking system is stable * ahem * ... 
  wait till farage either gets a eu commissioner 's seat ( let 's say juncker 's after he gets ousted ) or joins the tories and becomes a cabinet minister . 
  we have n't reached peak drama yet . 
   describing his party as `` the turkeys that voted for christmas '' . 
  that 's amazingly honest . 
  it 's not every day you hear a party leader call his party ( and by extension his voters ) useful idiots . 
  - `` it 's a different country '' - `` it 's all the eu 's fault '' - `` they really should have listened to nigel '' - `` need no stinking experts to tell me what to think '' - `` should have gotten out of the eu much earlier , then it would have been easier '' people that vote for populists will not learn . 
  they will just refuse to change opinion based on experience . 
  the brexening . 
  it just does n't stop giving . 
  or you simply suck at explaining . 
  if you say so . 
  i fail to see any ethical problems here , even more so in the light of a brexit campaign that was completely based on egoism , nativism and greed . 
  supporting parents is probably key for the middle class . 
  you 'd need 24h-kindergardens for those working shifts . 
  you 'd need on-demand nurses that can babysit when shit hits the fan unexpectedly . 
  you 'd need extended kindergarden times . 
  but still , leaving your kids 10h in kindergarden because both parents work full time is just hard . 
  what ? 
  thing is , they probably just do n't know how . 
  i have yet to meet someone who actually does and does n't resort to idiotic ideas . 
  you ca n't roll back the move to more individualism . 
  you will have a hard time telling women their role is in the kitchen . 
  you will have an equally hard time convincing men and employers that both parents should be able to work 2/3s of a full job . 
  you will have a hard time paying parents for having kids . 
  it will be hard enough to convince people who want to have fun in life that they should sacrifice 20 of their best years to have kids . 
  better parental benefits seem to do something positive in germany , but there 's still an awfully large gap to be closed . 
   they should ask themselves why they think they should give their opinion on brexit it 's a free country and they have a right to voice their opinion ? 
  the hysterics of pre-referendum where every opinion from outside was hailed as interference in internal affairs is over . 
  population predictions for germany have been notably wrong for at least 20 years now . 
  we should already be declining but are currently ( refugees counted in ) reaching 83m . 
  it 's still wrong , the per-capita births are increasing . 
  - this part of a trend that [ has been ongoing ] ( http://media1.faz.net/ppmedia/aktuell/gesellschaft/485361349/1.3969273/width610x580/hq/infografik-entwicklung-der.jpg ) for a couple of years now ( ie . 
  before the mass immigration ) . 
  part of the reasons is measures introduced a couple of years ago like more kindergardens and longer parental leave ( 2 years paid ) . 
  - german women are currently having 1.42 kids/mother . 
  in 2014 , the average kids/mother was 1.42 ( it 's now 1.47 in average and 1.86 for migrant women , up from 1.8 ) . 
  so , german women are indeed having more kids . 
  - an explanation is that mothers are even older now than they used to be , births to mothers aged 29-38 are even more on the rise than average . 
  - refugee children born in germany are counted in , but considering we are talking 1m vs. 81m and they probably were having other problems than producing offspring last year , their contribution was n't that massive . 
  - big cities are seeing more births than deaths , which is kind of unusual . 
  in former times , the rural areas were those with the large families . 
  - it seems that academicians are having more kids . 
  only because li is a city disguised as a country . 
  norway is doing the logical thing : look at the bigger trade bloc and deal with them . 
  lol , dude was a corrupt asshole to begin with, 
  i am really waiting for corroboration by one of the german newspapers that are typically well-connected like faz or spiegel till i believe this . 
  eu was crafted as a political project . 
  heck , even it predecessor was created for political reasons, 
  i do n't get all the hate against juncker either , he is a sly politician and afraid of nothing . 
  merkel is a world-class procrastinator though, 
  my sources from g8 meetings tell me addiction to various substances is real common there . 
  a family man that bangs underage hookers ... 
  `` it 's not discrimination , we just do n't want to give you equal rights because we can '' yeah it 's messed up and it did n't look like the next government will be more reasonable . 
  with any amount of bad luck , our local right-wing populists will be part of the next government . 
  and while they now criticize muslims for their homophobia , it 's not hard to predict what their stance on marriage equality will be . 
  probably playing in a death metal band as well . 
  everyone in iceland plays in a death metal band, 
  if we really go against iceland , i 'll be ** so ** rooting for them ... 
  tfw still no marriage equality in germany : / good job , hombres . 
  i 'd say the italians had the slightly better team , but in the start of the second half , they were n't in it . 
  but those penalties , my god ... 
  no , it 's great that we have the pleasure to pay for subs that israel promptly and illegally converted to nuclear-missile carriers . 
  that 's exactly what i want my tax to be spent on . 
  oh and humor me why i should be happy that we throw even more money at the country that receives from the eu ( so basically my tax money as well ) more than the next few combined . 
  i am not even against subsidized military export up to a point , but poland is such a shitty neighbor that gives us hell every other day . 
  that shitty meme is so 2014 . 
  rumor has it they even dislike poland, 
  never said anything about stolen , mate just stating the facts . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  i mean , i am not opposed to subsidizing our neighbors . 
  it just so happens that some polish redditors dislike germany very much and rubbing their nose in it is fun , 
  that 's a lot of straw-men and non-sequiturs there . 
  the immigration from eu countries was one of the major points in the referendum . 
  and refugee migration is a whole lot different from migration between eu countries .
