  then get hired by an european multinational corporation ( if stem ) and apply for jobs in european countries internally or look for a working visa ( nurse , doctor ) . 
  congrats , you are now an expat . 
  marry there or look for jobs in the country until you can apply for permanent residence . 
  well , the russians win this , hands down . 
  i was led to believe the moment art . 
  50 is triggered , the end result is an exit from the eu without any chance to turn around ? 
  at least that 's how the article reads . 
  very well . 
  first things first : ice-cream for all !, 
   were food production , for example , to go completely organic , and more localized , there would be far less use of energy as a byproduct of what is clearly a more sustainable and intelligent solution . 
  the idea that only large farm mechanized food production can feed us all is a complete myth perpetuated by agribusiness as they seek to monopolize food production . 
  i am really not sure this is true at all . 
  organic food production reaches something like 60 - 90 % of conventional farming . 
  globally , it would lead to more deforestation . 
   no wonder there are fewer and fewer users . 
  half joking ( to tease the \u00d6sis ) :  under the terms of the treaty of versailles , however , germany and austria were forbidden to be unified . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/bitesize/higher/history/roadwar/anschluss/revision/1/ that came up again when austria joined the eu , but of course was n't a real blocker . 
   for a token tribute of 10 billion pounds per annum . 
   payable in advance . 
  ( from you just in case that was n't clear . ), 
  yeah , that sounds real likely . 
  i think he implied that this could be achieved by lax regulation and bargain tax rates . 
  passporting rights would be gone , but that does n't mean it get illegal to do financial business with the eu from london . 
  basically , the uk would turn into the world 's biggest tax haven and regulatory paradise . 
  i want a two-track eu : a federal core ideally formed around france , benelux , the nordics and germany ( sorry austria , you are n't legally allowed to join ) and a second tier of countries that are part of a free-trade zone and ideally some shared regulation . 
  a lot of doubled effort could be pooled , the political system would hopefully gain more stability similar to the usa 's . 
  it could have very beneficial effects on the current border regions , as the euregio 's show . 
  but foremost , it 's a romantic dream to see countries that have been constantly at war and are yet extremely similar merging into one . 
  and yeah , i do n't trust russia . 
  all animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others . 
  nothing new here . 
  most likely they would get dual citizenship . 
  but it 's a major hassle , and many of them will have family which does n't make it easier . 
  typically in science , you want to be able to work a couple of years in one country and then in another - which is easy between eu countries . 
  nuclear is cheap because the government subsidized it for decades and the costs of nuclear waste storage is shifted on the society . 
  technically , turkey would have to promise not to torture them either . 
  i see problems there , 
  visits from turkish soldiers on holiday incoming . 
  ca n't really blame them , considering what their country went through . 
  users from v4 countries however ... 
  is it really that bad in ukraine ? 
  i know , finding out about how real net wages developed is n't exactly easy . 
  here 's the last years from the official site : http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/152761/umfrage/entwicklung-der-loehne-in-deutschland/ - real wages in blue . 
  except that you should amend the years from 2013 till 2016 . 
   you got ta admit its a pretty smart political pr ploy to be a tax fraud , though . 
  indeed . 
  i still have n't been able to fully grasp their extremely winding and obtuse line of argument that leads to some ordinary guy ending up as the rightful chancellor of the fucking german reich . 
  i have to admit , i love a good trolling now and then . 
  and those guys really took the cake when they filed debtors records for merkel and president gauck at the [ uniform commercial code ] ( http://www.nass.org/state-business-services/ucc-filings/ ) in the usa . 
  from that , they derived a public notice about those politicians being indebted to the `` reichsb\u00fcrger '' in question . 
  and then they took this record and sold it to shady loan sharks in malta which then used eu regulations to try and collect the money in germany via police measure . 
  seemingly , it 's a colossal nuisance to get those icc records deleted again . 
  of course , that might land them in jail for years , but it 's a neat trolling by proxy and earning them a small sum in the process . 
   you germans have much more inventive nutjobs . 
  i 'm not if that 's a compliment , but it 's a fact . 
  we kept the whole 20 ^ th century busy by inventing modern communism and fascism , it 's real hard to beat us in the discipline of heavyweight nutjobs . 
  i am just kind of sad that the chemtrails conspiracy and the bilderberger conspiracy did n't originate here , they are marvelous . 
  lol , yes , i can believe this is hard to understand without a specific cultural background . 
  yes , in a sense he is building a monstrous straw-man here since typically , liberals or leftists do n't walk around advocating dishonesty and cheating . 
  however , to a german it is less ridiculous than it sounds , because he uses a well-established theme of german political discourse , that of [ prussian virtues ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prussian_virtues ) , which are an ideal to follow specifically for conservatives , a bit like calvinism meets military education . 
  liberals and left-wingers typically are n't too fond of them because of the militaristic and authoritarian historical context , even though they do advocate things like incorruptibility or reliability like most anyone . 
  so , what does he really want to say here ? 
  he 's an old man and even when younger , was afraid of change . 
  that 's why he underscores the eternal and fundamental aspect of those virtues . 
  furthermore , he wants to stress that those virtues should be more important than living a hedonistic live maximizing fun . 
  he 'd rather someone takes his time deliberating than being impulsive . 
  he wants people to look at moral judgement of society instead of deciding on their own code of ethics ( this one , anst\u00e4ndig , goes partly against things like opening marriage for gays ) . 
  in case you have n't noticed , fun or happiness in life do n't score high in his world-view - if the world is a hard and cold place , then that 's because it is , no need to make a big fuss about it . 
  if you were wondering about the treatment greece received , look no further than those prussian virtues ( swabian house-wive be damned ) . 
  austerity , discipline , modesty ... that 's exactly what pitted germans against the `` lazy bums in the south '' during that crisis . 
  i believe it was only partly about the money ( and that 's what a lot of redditors from other countries get wrong ) , those virtues and their meaning to germans explain the drive for austerity a lot better . 
   is it a german-specific conspiracy theory ? 
  no , actually i think it stems from the us , specifically the white right-wing gun-nuts that believe the federal system is out to get them and establish the `` new world order '' . 
  it peaked around the turn of the century , and with 9/11 , similar conspiracy theories around the attacks overtook it . 
   i learned some months ago about `` deutschland gmbh '' . 
  oh god , that 's the [ reichsb\u00fcrger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reichsb%c3%bcrgerbewegung ) . 
  they believe since there was never a peace treaty at the end of ww ii , the german reich still exists * de jure * and the frg is a sham . 
  conveniently , they typically promote themselves to chancellor or leader of the reich , use the idea of the illegitimate frg to avoid paying fines and taxes and so on . 
  in fact there exists a `` deutschland gmbh '' ( germany , inc. ) that does business for the german government , but those guys got it in their head that the whole of germany is run by this company . 
  their line of arguments is beyond the pale because most have no education as lawyers and they misunderstand or misrepresent laws . 
  minor problems , first world problems . 
  welcher art ? 
  i copied the text . 
  however , there 's little that is n't in the excerpts . 
  it seems more like a background talk than an actual interview . 
  institutionen . 
  gauland halt . 
  afrika !, 
  [ or is it ? 
  ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/germany-wages.png?s=germanywag&amp;v=201607041743n&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231 ), 
  ah well , come on . 
  you are american , you should be used to feeling the heat no matter what your country does - damned if you do , damned if you do n't , right ? 
  and you are seriously peeved by a german lecturing the world ? 
  there are different interests : short-term because butthurt and long-term . 
  i think long-term interests are more important . 
   you are just assuming that there was massive in-breeding , but you ca n't back those statements up . 
  true , and i actually do n't care that much . 
  popular ( as in internet-popular ) attitudes towards human genetics are too tiring to take serious . 
  if someone wants to dig for facts , feel free , i wo n't spend the time . 
   you are a fool to think they would allow their country to be dragged into god knows what backward fantastical alliance with countries that have no respect for human rights idk .
