  furthermore , the country is broke - there are interest payments and repayments on principal upcoming every few weeks and there is just not enough money . 
  in effect , it 's the same as over the last years , only worse . 
  it would still be locked in a currency that is too valuable for the low competitiveness of the greek economy . 
  their tourism resorts would still be more expensive than those of turkey or algeria . 
  their olive oil more expensive than turkish oil . 
  you can adopt a foreign currency only if you are prepared for a very austere budget policy . 
  it 's unlikely this is his intention . 
  why he does n't see the problems he creates is beyond me . 
  jackbooting all over france ca n't help the french/german relationships either . 
  they have changed their tune about mid to end of june when it became clear this is headed for the wall . 
  well done , sir . 
  you got me confused there for a sec . 
  however , at the current rate , it is not entirely clear what will come next . 
  true , thanks . 
  we are not in disagreement , but before today i 'd thought that merkel would rein sch\u00e4uble in . 
  that does not seem to be the case - the list is completely over the top . 
  sure , but at some point , the ez has to give in or say they drop them outright . 
   perhaps euro was a great thing for greek economy ? 
  considering what 's going on today i have my reservations ... 
  but thanks for the link , i 'll have to read it tomorrow, 
  you are welcome , i hope and trust you become prosperous over a medium perspective , 
  i mean , it 's not like i 'd trust syriza to privatize a cafeteria , but the symbolism is breathtaking . 
  the fund [ would be controlled by the creditors ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jul/12/greek-debt-crisis-eu-leaders-meeting-cancelled-no-deal-live#block-55a2a486e4b05111b7559c59 ) i understand , so it is more or less delivering assets worth  25 % of gdp as collateral . 
  i am flabbergasted , honestly . 
  i had this hunch that sch\u00e4uble would go for a kill , but i 'd expected merkel to step in . 
  someone from ireland correct me , but i think their corporate tax is very low . 
  that 's why they have a lot of assembly , logistics and call centers for big international companies like dell or apple . 
  and they have a very large financial center . 
  they entered the crisis with a low debt/gdp ratio that shot up as other countries forced them to bail out a lot of fishy letterbox companies , but their government 's budget was relatively sound . 
  greece entered with an obese budget , high debt/gdp ratio and also dragged their feet for 5 years . 
   syriza should above alle else stand for the betterment of the greek people . 
  thanks , i needed that laugh . 
  seriously : there are obviously different ideologies leading to wildly different ideas what is good for the people . 
  i am not convinced the list is intended to be the best for greek citizens . 
  and even if it were , syriza will honestly believe their socialism-light is much better for the people . 
  i do agree , but not in the way it is presented . 
  and the 50bn transfer of state assets to the creditors so they can sell it off is pretty tough too . 
  i am not sure where the additional cuts would come from , too . 
  i think the current list is exactly the means for that . 
   as karl whelan ( economics prof ) already pointed out on twitter , the plan is probably to simply push greece out of the ez that 's more or less obvious at this point . 
  the list is the polar opposite to everything syriza stands for . 
  if they agree , they can as well resign from their posts or membership in parliament . 
  i ca n't see how tsipras would continue to govern if he goes completely against his party . 
  if i were him , i 'd resign today . 
   man up and tell everyone you will kick greece out instead of this passive aggressive bullshit . 
  you know and i know it 's not possible to kick a country out . 
  i just went on holiday in greece and it went like that : - me buying stuff for 8.50 eur - cashier quotes me 8.50 , takes my money - zeros out the amount - types in 1.00 eur - hits `` enter '' or whatever it is on a pos terminal . 
  terminal opens cash drawer - hands back change to me, 
  because lidl is a super-efficient company . 
  out of germany there come two huge discount supermarket chains , aldi and lidl . 
  they constantly battle for the lowest prices and put incredible pressure on their suppliers . 
  they sell milk for a very similar price here . 
  it 's not exactly great for the farmers , but food prices in germany are really low because of their cut-throat competition . 
  should they be charging you more than us so that your farmers have it better ? 
   that means that someone from country a of the ez can buy and import something from country b , and only have to pay the actual price of the product the actual price + vat . 
   it is also a fact that bigger countries because they are bigger can produce larger quantities , and thus also less expensive , because price is set by the amount of production . 
  that means that a german product for example of a given quality will be less expensive than an italian or greek product of the same quality . 
  you are forgetting that wages are higher over here which negates the economics of scale . 
  also : germany companies are famous for offshoring parts of their production , so e.g. 
  romania makes good money assembling products for german companies . 
   larger countries like germany have an advantage in the market over smaller ones , because they are able to produce and price their products at lower costs , which makes them more competitive . 
  then , why is the netherlands so very competitive ? 
   german supermarkets like lidl showed up everywhere , and german products started being available at the other countries everywhere lidl in greece also sells local products . 
  also : lidl pays vat - your local mom and pop store maybe not . 
   which results to price inflation of local produced goods in the countries that adopt austerity , which makes them practically not affordable , while the german produced products are getting cheaper than ever you are forgetting vat on german products sold elsewhere . 
  also transport costs and higher wages in germany . 
  his analysis is sound . 
  the measures he proposes are questionable . 
  but his tone is completely off . 
  eu or eur ? 
  also at least over here , the money was indeed an issue , especially in the second `` bailout '' package . 
  for that last six month ... oh boy : trust , reparations , nazi comparisons , `` we 'll change the rules of the euro-zone '' , terrorists ... the list goes on . 
  i think there was some provision in austria 's constitution ( implemented so that they could go on with their `` first victim '' story ) that expressly forbids a unification with germany . 
  also : no , not again . 
  enough with their painters . 
  i doubt he would want this to be his legacy . 
  it could well be though . 
  fuck that , no . 
  if there 's any unification between germany and any other state then it 's the netherlands or france ( if any of those really wanted that ) . 
  greece is neither economically nor politically able to merge with germany . 
  the mentality is completely different and the difference in size is so large it would amount to an annexation . 
  as usual extremely partisan , ill informed and ready to blame one side only . 
  seems to me this point has nearly been reached . 
  how is some misogynist or nationalist shit helping that ? 
  probably as the one who forced fiscal discipline across the emu thereby laying a super-solid foundation for a future federal state . 
  whether that 's a great or even workable idea ... 
  the point is , he will retire in one or two years i guess , so he 's probably looking at molding the eur now . 
  he 's much like varoufakis - coming from first principles and fuck the consequences . 
  no , the question was asked in a way that invited personal observation and opinion , so i am not against them . 
  i just wanted to offer something more official . 
  oh come on , i hardly ever want people lynched for cracking bad jokes . 
  i mean as a german i surely do n't get half the jokes ... 
  oh wow , i am at a loss of words . 
  are you trying to force greece out of the eur ? 
  for sch\u00e4uble , it 's all about his legacy . 
   so you 're saying that even though we 're fine with the eu 's meddling when it 's about the vat on milk and our army budget i do n't know . 
  i do n't want to tell you how your country works , but i am not really convinced greeks were exactly fine with what the troika demanded . 
  my take on the referendum was that most people rejected exactly the things you quote . 
   greece is generally opposed to outside suggestions and external assistance . 
  it 's a national pride issue .
