  it acts anti-cyclic and helps against second-round effects of mass-layoffs . 
  i know really nothing about turkey , but are the reports that a sweeping purge has been conducted wrong ? 
  papers here report that thousands of judges , teachers , and civil servants have been sacked and a lot of academics are n't allowed to leave the country . 
  are those wrong ? 
  sad , huh ? 
  a lot of people , here and on / r/worldnews , absolutely have a hard-on for terror in germany and want the country to succumb to jihadist attacks so they see they world-view validated . 
  the same people expressed thinly veiled delight at rape cases in sweden a couple of years ago . 
  so , prepare for a lot of reports of forcefully tipped sacks of rice in the coming months . 
  so , he did n't even have a weapon . 
  great example of terrorism . 
   `` erdogan '' has become a swear word in germany . 
  so , like putin or trump ? 
  and why would it not ? 
  contrary to the author 's perception , people usually are able to discriminate between german/turkish citizens and erdogan . 
   but turks expected respect for people who were killed by tanks , bombs , and bullets . 
  they expected unconditional solidarity good luck with that . 
  why should there be unconditional solidarity ? 
  we did n't offer that for the usa when they invaded iraq . 
   people who are waving turkish flags on the streets of germany are n't doing it because erdogan instructed them to do so . 
  begs the question then , why ? 
  maybe because they just do n't feel german at all ? 
   mock surprised tone, 
   it is said the `` swat counter-terror police '' are prepping to storm the place . 
  currently , they are in contact with the guy , but of course with a situation like that , you 'll have the sek on the scene . 
  i am not sure i would fight for the oligarchs in ukraine either . 
  what prevents war is the u.s army and air force, 
  he 's just cracking lame jokes about germany being invaded by muslims and how we should turn on the gas . 
  do n't forget that in 2013 , the fact came to light that the nsa had been spying on german politicians for years . 
  that came on the heel of the 2011 military intervention in libya we kept out of ( and were criticized ) and the `` old europe '' abuse by the bushists . 
  over the last 15 years , a lot has gone wrong in the relationship between the us and germany , and that has left traces . 
   especially to a country where due process is increasingly unlikely ** and torture is reportedly used against detainees ** . 
  that 's probably not the reason . 
  the ex-gdr states have [ a skewed gender balance ] ( http://www.espon.eu/export/sites/default/images/publications/mapsofthemonth/mom_february2013/semigra_high-quality.png ) with a lot less women per 100 men . 
  less women makes it easier to have those in employment . 
  the us population is getting older , as european populations do . 
  it 's only 22m ^ 2 , how would you live as a couple in there ? 
  and heterosexual sex . 
  for real , i no longer feel secure around norwegians . 
  yes , but what 's the eu going to do , throw them out ? 
   $ 600 i see what you did there ... 
  in every larger city ... 
  wow , prussia with direct access to the atlantic . 
  the usa is typically not considered part of the third world , though . 
  he probably blamed half of the world for that , when he was n't busy insulting muslims . 
   a coup d'\u00e9tat ( / \u02ccku\u02d0 de\u026a\u02c8t\u0251\u02d0 / about this sound listen ( help \u00b7 info ) ; french : [ ku deta ] ) , literally `` blow of state '' or `` hit of state '' ; plural : coups d'\u00e9tat , ( pronounced like the singular form ) , also known simply as a coup ( / \u02ccku\u02d0 / ) , putsch or an overthrow , is the illegal and overt seizure of a state by the military or other elites within the state apparatus . 
  [ 1 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coup_d%27%c3%a9tat i do n't think the description fits for euromaidan . 
  you do n't have to understand the gritty details , that 's why you entrust a party that fits your general ideal with the power to act on your behalf . 
  in a referendum , you better understand the details or marketing and populism win . 
  and probably better avoid the border with russia too . 
   i was in lisbon for a week and people pretty much non-stop tried to sell me drugs . 
  maybe because they have [ decriminalized the possession of drugs ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/portugal-decriminalised-drugs-14-years-ago-and-now-hardly-anyone-dies-from-overdosing-10301780.html ) to a large extend ? 
  that could also explain low crime rates . 
  i do n't see the more in democracy in referendums on topics that are so complicated that people in fact have to trust a party line to know how to vote . 
  may as well elect a party and have that negotiate and ratify the treaty . 
   but then it should n't be a problem for you to vote in a referendum on an unimportant matter as you are indifferent to whatever comes out of it . 
  that 's exactly the mind-set of which brexit was born . 
  `` huh , i do n't understand it , ca n't be that important , so i just stick it to the man '' . 
  i did n't say ttip was unimportant , it probably is a very important treaty that will still be around when i am gone . 
  i just do n't understand it and should n't vote on it . 
  and neither does the majority of the population , imo . 
  it 's not currently that high up in my priorities , so i 'll choose based on the whole party program , not a single issue . 
  immigrants are a super group to refugees . 
  most immigrants into germany come from europe . 
  it is a cold , hard fact that a lot of european countries have an age distribution that would make it very hard to sustain wealth without migration even if an overnight baby boom happened , that 's just demographics and economics playing together here . 
  so , could we please discuss the need or not of immigration separate from the refugee question ? 
  basically libertarians ( esp . 
  the bunch at mises.org ) are what drove me away from direct democracy . 
  huh , considering the shit svp brings up in the referenda and the style of their campaigns , i severely doubt this . 
  they are the poster child of divisive , partisan identity politics and it 's not like they are a minor fringe party . 
  i get why the swiss are proud of their long-standing democratic tradition ( and rightly so ) , but all too frequently you guys seem a tad simplistic in the way you see your country . 
   people who have one non-binding referendum every 5-10 years do not comprehend the outcome of their choice . 
  i do n't know . 
  i consider myself rather well-informed , but i 'd have a hard time if ttip was up for a referendum . 
  same with the planned eu constitution back then . 
  same with brexit . 
  i have an opinion on all three , but i have the nagging feeling it 's not a thoroughly informed opinion . 
  that 's not entirely true , since there are investments in eg . 
  property . 
  in fact , there may be a property bubble building . 
  the reason is that a lot of funds and life insurers have to hold a percentage of gov ' t bonds . 
  people getting their panties in a bunch should at least know a couple of facts : - the videocast of the sultan was n't forbidden by the government , but by a court . 
  - that injunction was upheld by the constitutional court of germany . 
  - turkish politicians were not banned from taking part or holding speeches , the turkish sports minister held a speech there . 
  with showers and ovens and even electricity ? 
   when debt becomes increasingly less costly all around the world , the appetite for careless risk and massive debt binges increases . 
  that 's why more conservative economists have been warning about prolonged qe . 
  bernanke , stiglitz , and krugman might love the idea of dropping money from helicopters , but massive distortions like those introduced by years and years of qe will invariably lead to even more severe crises down the road when borrowers become reckless and institutions like live insurance companies go tits up . 
   what 's disastrous about it ? 
  most likely , it wo n't work - or at least wo n't work well enough to set off the costs . 
  germany tried those kind of programs to no avail ( we still burn money on them ) . 
   those are marginal details . 
  right . 
  with a mind-set like that , i do n't wonder southern italy never got on it 's feet . 
  if you shun competition and hobble your industry , you wo n't escape the mediocrity trap . 
  well , at least spain and portugal are probably similar cases , since they joined after shedding a dictatorship , so the eu would be considered a stabilizing force ( same for greece , but seeing how the eur crisis devastated the country again , it 's probably a wash ) . 
   denmark has had 4 years of negative interest because the money flow in europe is out of whack wait a minute , maybe you did n't get the memo , but there has been a growth crisis in all major industrialized countries . 
  japan is also at negative interests rates , and please do n't tell me the eu is the scapegoat for that . 
  even yellen [ has been talking ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-11-04/yellen-signals-solid-economy-would-lead-to-december-rate-hike ) about them . 
  we do n't live in the 1950 's anymore , though . 
  if you own a company and would like to buy machinery from abroad , you will have to pay extra .
