  they spend 50 % of what germany spends on a gdp basis and it shows . 
  most of their jets are early 1960 's . 
  ca n't blame them , though . 
  why burn the money ? 
  huh , why ? 
  you guys want world domination , you pay for it . 
  i could n't care less for power protection and the other euphemisms . 
  i do n't even see why we should throw our money out the window . 
  europe has never been as peaceful back when more money was spent on the military . 
  and if we asserted ourselves , the u.s. would vilify us like they do with china now . 
  so , nodding towards russia just to keep the u.s. interested in picking up the tab is not the worst strategy to keep our peace . 
  used to be the same in germany , until for a mix of reasons wages became that low that they introduced a minimum . 
  probably high-class parents who do n't want their little angle get boned by a lowly boy from state care . 
  so easy way out , they press charges . 
  they know the best he gets is a shitty attorney . 
  eupen-malmedy is our clay anyways . 
  if belgium gets finally sliced up , we take it back, 
  lol , basically i was just fucking with you and your attitude towards money . 
  it never fails ... 
  switzerland paying , that 's a new one . 
  because that book is tedious as he 'll to read . 
  an annotated version helps you make sense of it . 
  then stop the whining , grow a pair and build baltic pipe . 
  sweet danish gas for less money than russian gas . 
  and you could even be independent from evil germany . 
  ... the wind ... 
   i think it would be just natural if our gov will guard our interests then it 's all good , since the same it true for germany . 
  cutting out a rent-seeking middle-man is good for us as is removing a couple of country 's control over our gas supply . 
  poland over the last years has gone from a good partner to germany and a somewhat resentful but ok country concerning russia to a country with a endangered democracy that likes to use both russia and germany as the evil incarnate and refuses any cooperation that does not involve money flowing in poland 's direction . 
  i do n't believe for a second the opposition against ns ii has anything to do with energy supply for poland - if that was so damn important , poland would not have dragged their feet on [ securing gas supplies from denmark ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_pipe ) for 15 years . 
  it 's simple rent-seeking behavior and i fail to see why my money should bolster the coffers of the polish state . 
  that seems like a purely economic reason . 
  you seem to forget this is not the first time the pis is leading poland ? 
  the potato twins and their party were as nasty back then as the surviving one is now . 
  if there 's cause and effect in the current polish/german relationships , it 's disingenuous to forget about that . 
  it 's bad enough that we have to deal with one ultra-nationalist pseudo-democratic country where the gas is coming from . 
  i have no desire to put our fate into the hands of [ another one ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/poland-democracy-failing-pis-law-and-justice-media-rule-of-law/ ) en-route . 
  back in the soviet days , the ussr stood by their gas contracts towards us even in the worst days of cold war . 
  contrary to what a lot of people seem to believe , the russians would have a lot to lose by politicizing the issue . 
  considering poland 's attitude toward us , routing around them makes a lot of sense as well . 
  considering germany has lower prices for e.g. 
  food than italy , that 's part of what mitigates this wage difference to an extend . 
  costs of living in denmark are insane . 
  lingering effects from reunification ( absorbing 17m people ) and a tacit agreement between employers and unions that jobs are more important than wages and that globalization + digitization will bite every country that does not react . 
  i bet german companies are the biggest foreign investors in your country specifically, 
  man , do n't beat yourself up . 
  the us of fucking a has both a higher mean and median income both in nominal as well as ppp terms . 
  you guys like to live on the rough side , that 's why your life expectancy is lower and that 's also why you got google and apple where we have siemens . 
  in the grand scheme of things , it 's not a bad thing that multinationals export jobs to countries with cheap labor - in the end , that helps people there escape poverty . 
  i think where we are ahead is the medium-sized industrial companies that have cornered some specialized market and employ like a couple of 1000 people or less ( ever heard of fuchs petrolub ? 
  they are a world-leader in specialized lubrication fluids , but outside that field , no one knows them ) . 
  but we are clearly behind in it , and that will be our downfall in the coming age of `` software everywhere '' . 
  and that 's exactly where you do shine . 
  now back to the eu : unless you are a multinational , it is always easier to produce at home and export in neighboring countries than build a manufacturing plant across the ocean and distribute there . 
  that 's why the end of tariffs in the eu were so important for the german economy and that 's also why the eur and schengen are important - they removed friction for the medium-sized companies . 
  the big guys do n't care : a company that 's a world-leader in their field like basf has the resources to build a procurement and distribution chain spread out all over the world , but not a family-owned firm that produces ultra-high precision ball bearings or stuff like that . 
  that 's the secret sauce of the eu+eur for germany - integrating a market the size of the us 's on one set of rules , one currency and with low friction . 
  depends . 
  if the next guy is dependent on the afd , he 'd probably be forced to backstab the west . 
  actually yes , no country does more holidays abroad than us because we are that boring . 
  and mr. communist , those multinationals provide jobs . 
  maybe we are that successful because we embrace that . 
  how would sweden even attack best korea , by train ? 
  or commercial flights ? 
  dude , are you daft our just playing it ? 
   nuclear weapons are bullshit . 
  not if you are dealing with russia . 
  still does n't make it legal , age of consent is 16 . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  13-yo 's having sex are still a case for the police over here , just the whole abduction story was produced in the kremlin . 
  police never ever gives out facts in cases of of child molestation unless they are relevant for finding the kid . 
  then watch out when she is probably going to be ousted by her party within the year . 
  well , there was a time at the beginning of the century where russia was moving towards the west and the west ( all preoccupied with 9/11 ) did not respond in an encouraging way . 
  maybe putin ca n't stomach the idea of a well-liked but not terribly important russia that is one of many medium-sized powers . 
  so he is looking for glory , even if this is the high-risk option . 
  because countries like ukraine have no right to leave the russian sphere if they so desire . 
  right ... 
  germany - like japan - is virtual nuclear power . 
  once the nato protections are withdrawn , all bets are off . 
  the key is to act fast - build and test a nuke before anyone has an idea what 's up . 
  probably aimed towards the russian domestic audience . 
  painting a picture of a hostile world where only the local strongman can offer hope has always been a tool in the war-chest of dictatorships . 
  and russia wants the eu gone . 
  they want it gone with a vengeance so they can try to break out countries from the western block . 
  so they try to fan nationalism ( they even pay right-wing parties like france 's fn ) and discontent . 
  could we just stop conflating refugees and ordinary migration ? 
  it 's so tedious . 
  in germany we have - 14 months of paid parental leave , up to three years job-return guarantee . 
  - child support until your children are 25 - mothers get pension credits for raising children - subsidized child care - free health care for children what kind of incentives would you think we are missing ? 
  what germany would need is a change in attitude towards having children vs. spending money on goods and holidays . 
  but no one knows how to affect the current mixture of shunning the responsibility and wanting a good life . 
  like what ? 
  selling out eastern europe so he gets his soviet empire back ? 
  please , get your facts straight . 
  switzerland spends 0.7 % of gdp for defense , germany 1.4 % ( [ source ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ms.mil.xpnd.gd.zs ) ) . 
  they still fly some f-5e and their most modern fighter aircraft is the f/a -18 . 
  switzerland lives in a collective dreamworld where their mountains are turned into a invincible bastion . 
  in the day and age of advanced fighter jets and air-movable rapid reaction force , that would not help them at all . 
  their security is best protected by the fact that they are surrounded by friendly nations only . 
  dude , they spend half as much as we do for defense in % of gdp .
