   athens currently only has `` unimportant , minor liquidity problems '' , varoufakis said in the `` g\u00fcnther jauch '' program . 
  german taxpayers would be returned every euro in the end . 
   questioned if the country could become insolvent before month 's end , he evaded a direct answer , stating `` we , the greek government are doing our best to ensure that all creditors get their money back '' . 
  at the same time , pensioners and civil servants would have to receive their payments timely . 
  do n't . 
  i hate those obsessive-compulsive bots that interject themselves in discussions just to correct some minor errors . 
  the only effect it has is scaring away people who are conscious about their bad english . 
  if you want to do it , do it by hand and sparingly , do n't disturb conversations . 
  or make it opt-in and see how many like to have a mechanical parrot correcting some typo . 
   or starters because the us states have a fiscal union in place . 
  that 's why i focused on the parts i find sound - that constantly devaluating your currency will not help you in the long run . 
  it will blunt the effect of a non-competitive industrial infrastructure but are no substitute for getting your act together . 
  especially because they drain money from savers and investors - exactly the kind of people you need to build an industrial base . 
  as i see it , the current stampede in the anglo/american press and in parts of greece is towards grexit . 
  15 years ago it was towards the eur . 
  even if greece left , with such an huge monetary union at their doors , they will not escape the ez influence . 
  switzerland just desperately tried to peg the chf to eur and then abandoned it . 
  denmark is facing the [ same problem ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/investing/comments/2uqzxx/the_danish_kroneeuro_peg_and_negative_mortgage/ ) right now and is now using negative interest rates to fend off speculative money . 
  both countries are rich and have a sound economic structure , they can restructure to stomach the currency fluctuations . 
  i doubt greece could . 
  greece would most likely be cut off from lending for years after a default and if lending resumes , it would be at extremely high rates . 
  so , the country would have to create extremely high inflation to stimulate the economy . 
  i doubt there is a major announcement upcoming . 
  this article or the ideas it exposes deserves more coverage in greece , because there are a couple of fat red warning signs for those who believe grexit would resolve the country 's problems . 
   argentine government and business debt is most often issued in dollars simply because the interest rate on a currency that lacks credibility ( the peso ) would be nosebleed high . 
  there are some problems with the statement , because argentine has a certain ideological fixation to pegging their currency to the usd and the country has defaulted . 
  but there is something true - nobody should believe a country like argentine or greece had a chance to lend at the low eu rates and still devaluate their currency . 
  there could , the world could stumble into another world war like in 1914 . 
  but chances are not that great - russia is completely isolated and putin knows it . 
  unlike 1914 , the us is very present on the world stage and in europe . 
  the ` murricans are at the top of their game militarily . 
  europe is more or less united . 
  without a historian checking the documents , i doubt that . 
  the way it is reported , it makes zero sense . 
  as usual , hard to generalize . 
  europe is not homogenous , especially when it comes to migration . 
  western europe had a pretty large influx of vietnamese `` boat people '' in the 80 's . 
  in western germany , people from the philippines have a little bit of a stigma that they are `` catalog brides '' or their descendants , same with thai . 
  in general asians are mostly well-liked since they tend to have a high work-ethic , strife for good education of their children and do n't have a tendency for radicalism . 
  the largest percentage of asians probably live in d\u00fcsseldorf , mostly japanese . 
  there 's a yearly large `` japan day '' festival with cosplay , japanese food , fireworks and so on . 
  i doubt there are resentments against the japanese living there . 
  oh , and while we are at it , that 's another thing i like about your style : you do n't usually move goalposts in the face of an intelligent or at least credible counter-argument . 
  what the hell , i am * not * downvoting you , why would i. i usually disagree with your position and could do without the blame game against the institutions , but at least you back up your claims with sources , so you stand above most here . 
  however , taking iceland as a counterexample to the ez program is imo extremely dangerous - they did not dismantle their social security program as much as greece had to , but they absolutely nuked their wages , instituted capital controls , partially defaulted and still are not out of the dire straits they found themselves in . 
  i visited iceland in 2008 and people were morose - their standard of living had cratered with the kronur ( most fresh food is imported , after all ) and a lot went bankrupt and lost everything because they had taken out loans in foreign currencies . 
  a huge lot had the feeling they got fucked over pretty good - only it was their own guys who did it , so they had less of a chance to project their anger abroad . 
  from the birds-eye view and glancing over a million details , i really doubt they fared much better than ireland , if at all . 
  even the respective unemployment rate developed [ pretty similar ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/embed/?s=ieuert&amp;d1=20000101&amp;d2=20151231&amp;url2=/iceland/unemployment-rate&amp;title=false&amp;h=300&amp;w=600 ) . 
  does this really look better or worse than this : http://countryeconomy.com/deficit/ireland ? 
  talking about europe here . 
  but still , i spend some three weeks in china and got by - people who speak english are really eager to help in smaller towns . 
  well , ireland ** is ** posting pretty good annual growth rates lately : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ireland/gdp-growth-annual - granted their gdp is still down from peak , so there 's that . 
  also : 7 years after default . 
  so greece in 2017 - 2023 , depending on how you 'd align times . 
  sure , why not ? 
  you 'll earn less than in the usa , both nominally and in purchasing power terms , but if money and a 6-bedroom house in suburbia is not your dream , then europe might be worth moving . 
  germany has 25-30 paid vacation days , and your employer ca n't keep you longer than 10/day in the office . 
  max working hours per week are 48h for short sprints and the normal working hours are 37.5 - 40h/week . 
  you should either move to uk/ireland or one of the major cities if you do n't speak the native language . 
  you only need two : your native language and english . 
  ok , swiss citizens need another two or three . 
  see , we are not that bad , everyone does it !, 
   it was not an ad hominem dipshit is not an ad hominem ? 
  that 's ridiculous , you are weaseling yourself out of it . 
   they 'll do their best to protect your sorry ass in case anything happens . 
  thanks , i 'd rather see some marines if shit hits the fan . 
  those guys actually have balls . 
   dutch forces fight just fine when they act in their fighting role . 
  yeah right . 
  look , i ca n't help it your cowards brought disgrace to your country and europe by proxy . 
  all i am saying is this was a major letdown and if i were polish , i know i would n't trust a spearhead force led by the netherlands . 
  it 's sad that you and the other guy have to resort to ad hominem attacks just because you can not stand the truth that your soldiers acted despicable in the face of a genocidal opponent . 
  soldiers who do n't fight should stay at home , they have no business in a war zone . 
  it 's really lousy how you try to whitewash your heroes here . 
  it 's called courage , look it up . 
   and fuck you by the way , asshole . 
  truth bites , huh ? 
   they were outgunned , outnumbered and without support . 
  what the hell , they never even fired shots . 
  they were the ultimate let-down , proving that europe is a joke . 
  the shortcomings of the french general does not change that in the least bit . 
  and this is exactly what i was alluding to - your guys will again be running like hares once a russian tank emerges on the horizon . 
  not that ours are any better , come to think of it . 
  the government accepted partial guilt [ after a court ruled as such ] ( http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2014/07/16/331943892/court-finds-netherlands-liable-for-300-deaths-in-srebrenica-massacre ) . 
   and threaten to take german property for no reason does help ? 
  two wrongs do not make one right . 
   the greeks do n't show any sign at all that they are working on themselves that 's not true and you know it . 
  they have - admittedly only after considerable pressure - implemented reforms . 
  yes , i am also unhappy with the tendency in greece 's media and politics to blame everyone else , but that 's to be expected . 
  after all , the ez , imf and ecb are holding a gun to their heads over the debt . 
   and then we got the greeks who do nothing but lie , cheat , threaten . 
  blanket statements like that are not helping anyone , are insulting to greeks and just poison the atmosphere . 
  this time you asked for it , 
  ok , we 'll be there if you ever reconsider ... 
  sure , it 's the expeditionary corps of the [ nato spearhead force ] ( http://www.strategypage.com/%5chtmw%5chtworld%5carticles%5c20150225.aspx ) en route to poland :  nato , concerned about growing russian military aggression , has sped up efforts to create a rapid reaction force to help out new nato members in east europe . 
   since it will take over a year to organize and train the 30,000 personnel for the spearhead force , an interim brigade is being put together right now . 
  the netherlands and norway have announced they are contributing troops for this as well as several other nations considering that the dutch peacekeepers in the yugoslav war ( in ) famously [ saved their hides ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/16/dutch-liable-srebrenica-massacre-deaths ) and sacrificed 300 civilians they should have protected in srebrenica , i am not sure how helpful they 'd be in case of a russian aggression , though ... 
  i do n't believe syriza has the hidden agenda of forcing the country into a grexit . 
  i believe they have a left-wing program they want to implement but which runs counter to what the creditor countries expect , so a lot of friction results .
