  the grand coalition is not a good thing for the country or europe, 
  wonkblog was on thursday , so krugman should be today or tomorrow with a jeremiad - subject would be finland , i guess . 
  not sure if you understand the leverage a junior partner has , considering my posting above . 
  he has a point . 
  where are the big controversies in germany right now ? 
  whether or not our redneck brothers down south will get their toll system that violates eu treaties . 
  whether or not the federal gov ' t can spend money on a child-care program that has just been proven to be unconstitutional . 
  whether or not we 'll get full marriage equality now or in 4 years . 
  that 's about it . 
  - will germany push for eu federalization ? 
  - is germany willing to shoulder burdens for becoming the leading power in europe ? 
  - will we compromise with the brits over the eu ? 
  - is the future of the bundeswehr broomsticks or out-of-area wars ? 
  - do we have an idea for how to take in the migrants we want and do we have an idea how to keep out the rest ? 
  nothing on those pressing issues ( to say nothing about the needed reforms of the emu ), 
  in principle he has a point . 
  the recent economic success , an internationally well-regarded chancellor , peace , zero youth unemployment do n't exactly encourage a lot of controversy . 
  germany is running on auto-pilot and this could have nasty consequences several years down the road . 
  however : does no one see why the piketty-argument  the leading liberal weekly die zeit , for example , published an interview with thomas piketty , who described germany as `` really the prime example of a country which in its history has never paid back its public debts . 
  neither after the first world war nor after the second world war . '' is completely disregarded over here ? 
  does anyone outside take it serious ? 
   did spd manage to secure any changes to baf\u00f6g ? 
  afaik yes . 
   i mean honestly , what 's the point of the spd otherwise ? 
  they have this image as the bumbling loser , but honestly , their track-record in this government is not too shabby : - minimum wage - higher pensions for mothers - earlier retirement for some - more money for kindergardens - dual citizenship for migrant kids - moderation of rent increases in cities ( mietpreisbremse ), 
   i actually think spd would benefit greatly from breaking ranks with cdu no . 
  currently germany is very well off economically , there is hardly any desire for change in the population . 
  with the public finances consolidating , it is extremely hard to sell to the voters that sch\u00e4uble is doing something wrong . 
  telling voters `` we are going to abandon the consolidation course to gain money for greece '' would be suicidal . 
  siding with a party like syriza wo n't help the spd in the least . 
  they 'd need a tailwind from outside to push for deeper euro integration , and i can not see what that would be . 
  i am not sure if the greens would survive this , though . 
  their core asset - being the party for demilitarization and eco-protection - is not as fresh as it was in the 1990 's . 
  joining a center-right coalition could well be the kiss of death . 
  very much this . 
  in germany , it 's desolate . 
  the center-left spd is locked into the role of junior partner in the government . 
  they ( rightly ) fear talking about shared eurozone-bonds or any sensible measure to restructure greek 's debt . 
  the left-wing `` die linke '' is closely aligning with syriza , but they are a bunch of morons tracing back to the gdr state party . 
  they have a communist platform that regularly wants key industries nationalized . 
  the green party have most ideas right : move on to a fiscal union , restructure greek debt , do n't let greece drop out of the eur . 
  but they would hardly be compatible with a more traditional left - they are a party of the well-to-do with a good education and income . 
  i do n't really know . 
  we used to have a program ( `` eigenheimzulage '' ) to help families that matched every eur you used to buy property with a certain percentage from tax money . 
  but that was retired years ago because it simply inflated property prices . 
  why not ? 
  you could have a group of elder statesmen , you could have a kind of a think tank or a pro-europe platform in existing parties . 
  in principle , that 's a great idea . 
  i am just not sure if varoufakis and lafontaine are great stewards of such a movement . 
  i can only see it becoming a left-wing fringe group that effects nothing . 
  as long as we do n't have any defense obligations by treaty , i am all for it . 
  and build some more art-schools . 
  switzerland , i am disappoint . 
  i thought it was mercedes , bmw or porsche . 
  i 'd posit the dangerous problem is not even price distortion but distorting the function interest has on the loan market : keeping people out of the market that can not afford loans and preventing people from over-leveraging . 
  it 's related but not the same - housing bubbles are dangerous when most buyers buy with the help of housing loans . 
  interesting how you wrote a long-winded diatribe that has nothing to do with the posting above . 
  well , then they should decide to either join the emu or accept the changes . 
  we ca n't have constant crises in the emu and criticism because the emu does n't have the institutions it needs * and * on the other hand outside countries interfering . 
  the emu countries should move forward and the rest needs to get either on board or out of the way . 
  huh ? 
  there already was debt restructuring and sch\u00e4uble did not object . 
   so , they should not be accountable to the community ? 
  the subreddit is theirs basically , because of reasons , and we should just put up with their whims ? 
  this . 
  and why ? 
  it just works . 
  if it does n't , you shoot them a message and they usually listen ( if your request is founded in reality ) . 
  as long as they do n't fuck with reddit inc. this subreddit is essentially theirs . 
   so an echo chamber is a better alternative than democracy ? 
  did i miss some announcement saying an obscure community on an american private-corporation server has turned into an official european institution ? 
  and clogging up the sub with whiny meta-threads is * not * strengthening anything or raising the level of discussion , it just turns it into a squeaky wheel contest . 
   it 's the other way around , no taxation without representation . 
  no shit , sherlock , 
   should the moderators of / r/europe be accountable to the community ? 
  it 's the fastest way to burn out moderators . 
   is there a way the community can remove moderators that they feel do not represent them ? 
  splendid !, 
  nothing turns a community as fast into a shit-fest as that . 
  do carry on with the bright ideas . 
  i have been a moderator in a similar , if somewhat rougher , multi-national community . 
  only in the most extreme cases does community control over the mods make any sense - any community like this is composed of a lot of factions which will start battling against each other the moment they have any say over the moderation . 
  we could begin paying the mods ( via flattr or something ) , then we have a reasonable cause to demand they take even more of their time to argue with users . 
  but please do n't lure people who do the job in their spare time into the morass user-control usually is . 
  always remember : ** no representation without taxation !, 
  it 's not spelled siegmar , though . 
  eastern europe can sleep undisturbed . 
  the german one is from bild and does not support his arguments * at all * , because it just says `` berlin is preparing in case greece defaults '', 
  it 's not legalistic to point out there are no provisions for emu exit . 
  man , dutch are not afraid of a little breeze , are they ? 
  btw : does the plane have any auto-stabilizers or is it strictly the pilots who counter the wind-shear like that ? 
  we do n't have such a party in germany , so i ca n't comment much on them . 
  integration as a word in that sense is problematic , as you normally would never question the integration of a native in their society . 
  however , would i say our neo-nazis are well integrated ? 
  doubtlessly not , they obviously do n't fit into our current society and if they were foreign-born , they would be deported . 
  or the [ 12 tribes ] ( https://homeschoolersanonymous.wordpress.com/2013/09/13/how-american-homeschoolers-enabled-and-funded-german-child-abuse-the-real-story-behind-the-religious-right-and-the-twelve-tribes/ ) sect . 
  they are native germans , but the are not in the least integrated . 
  german society has every right to define the rules and take them to task for breaking them . 
  for me , it comes down to sharing the fundamental values of our society ( gender equality , non-violent conflict resolution , respect for other people ) and trying to sustain themselves economically . 
  religion , ideology and so on are n't really part of integration - if someone is ultra-conservative but able to live side by side with a couple of gays , he is still integrated .
