  that 's doubtful . 
  if shit comes tumbling down , we 'll have to help . 
  and that 's ok . 
  when we decided to join the eur , we made a stronger commitment than many realize . 
  hell , when we joined the eu we entered into it in the spirit of a future federal state with all the moral obligations that brings . 
  and seriously , we have 2200bn of debt . 
  having 2300bn instead wo n't break us . 
   in a referendum in 1982 , a majority of the population voted for greenland to withdraw from the eec ( later expanded into the e.u. 
  ) , which was effected in 1985 . 
  in 1979 , denmark had granted home rule to greenland , and in 2008 , greenlanders voted in favour of the self-government act , which transferred more power from the danish royal government to the local greenlandic government . 
  under the new structure , in effect since 21 june 2009 , [ 12 ] greenland can gradually assume responsibility for policing , judicial system , company law , accounting , and auditing ; mineral resource activities ; aviation ; law of legal capacity , family law and succession law ; aliens and border controls ; the working environment ; and financial regulation and supervision , while the danish government retains control of foreign affairs and defence . 
   there are only 18 million $ 20 notes in circulation that ca n't be true . 
  i 'd say 1.8 bn would be closer to believable . 
   or members from other eu nations could have their military destroy the press i 'd say that 's out of the question . 
  that would require at least a mandate of the ez countries and maybe the uno security council . 
  maybe the french send in a couple of commands and blow shit up , but i can not see that happening . 
  most likely the printing presses are heidelberger so they 'll need spare parts from germany , 
   mr v. is full of resources and he may yet surprise us . 
  that 's the think i like about him - he probably has an ace up his sleeve to surprise anyone . 
  and since my exposure to that mess is pretty limited to something like 800 eur right now , i am not losing sleep . 
  unfortunately i think the chances of greece dropping out of the ez in the worst way have gone up tremendously today . 
  still , i hope for the best possible outcome . 
  maybe greece will indeed find a better footing outside the eur . 
  maybe tomorrow heads have cooled and real talks start . 
  when they gained independence from denmark . 
  you know you are dealing with a moron if the nickname contains `` freeman '' , 
   they could stick with the ious ok , but how would importers pay for goods ? 
  i know that if i had a business dealing with greek companies , i would not accept iou 's . 
  same with multinationals , as amazon , i 'd require the people to pay in eur or i 'd shutter the operation . 
  liberland maybe ? 
  i think every bill is marked with a code that denotes the country of origin . 
  greece produces y-bills . 
  so , there is a way to trace a bill , but that would be of limited use if one central bank went rogue . 
  i hope they have ecb personell on the ground and electronic locks on the printing presses . 
  two wrongs , one right ? 
  i 'd rather our senile overlord and mutti would get real and deal with the whole shit in a forward-looking manner . 
  too much time has been wasted already . 
  he had been toying with the idea in april if i recall correctly . 
  i doubt it will come to that or if it does that it will last long . 
  but it is going to screw greeks royally when the iou 's they hold get converted to drachma . 
  it 's not going to be a clear cut unless v-man shows his true colors really soon . 
  even while i think he is a power-hungry asshole , i still think he 's pretty smart . 
  and he can cause a lot of pain for the ez if he sees fit . 
  and that in turn will cause a lot of `` git off me lawn '' style comments in germany . 
  i am not . 
  there 's yet another level of bavarian politeness waiting . 
   belligerent assholes could i have a source for that ? 
   we have the capacity to print $ 20 notes i ca n't see this ending well ... 
  i agree with your assessment of the syriza government . 
  however , to act like a prima donna because of the brinkmanship on the side of tsipras and now a lost referendum is ... well a professional politician should maybe throw a glass at the nearest wall in his home but stay professional . 
  and i fear ours will not . 
  oh , did n't he just a few days ago say he had a very favorable agreement on his table and there would be money come monday ? 
  i seem to recall at least one ... 
  i just hope our politicians do n't start to shit-talk your country too much out of pure frustration . 
  sorry about that , our guys are n't the most polite or intelligent . 
  stay strong , i hope for a better and common future . 
  but , but , but ... the will of the people ? 
  surely darth sch\u00e4uble will see that ? 
  wow , that 's some authoritarian programming he 's trying there . 
  if this is the stance of syriza , prepare for some putinesque shit . 
  there will be a lot of very pissed off and ugly comments out of german politician 's mouths tomorrow . 
   germanys get social benefits until they retire . 
  actually unemployment benefits run for one year . 
  after that , if you have any savings , you need to live off them until they are mostly gone . 
  only then can you fall back on social security . 
  wait for thor 's answer , 
  and then the chavistas from syriza nationalize all the evil big corps ... 
  i ca n't see how everybody wins in that case . 
  greece has shown they are unable to meet specific goals , that 's not going to change . 
  it 's a pretty shitty thing that politicians on both sides leave the political decisions to the ecb . 
  well , that 's going to be interesting . 
  i still ca n't see the creditors letting greece simply drop . 
  i ca n't see them yielding to all demands either . 
  so , as long as you are in the eu , show some decency towards refugees, 
  i trust polish children typically do not experience the same atrocities as e.g. 
  but why would germany pay for polish farmers ? 
  you could perfectly go it alone without eu transfers . 
   but if it were , why not make this public then ? 
  because it 's a commitment then . 
  the troika had the impression that greece overpromised and then underdelivered when it came to implementing agreed-upon reforms . 
  so they wanted crucial reforms locked in before talking about debt restructuring . 
  there had been statements that debt relief would be possible after a full commitment to the second program package . 
   wasnt nationalization of debt one of major contributors to the problem ? 
  that 's why i would default on the debt . 
  however , if the greek state had defaulted , the greek banks would have been bankrupt . 
  and you want a working banking system . 
  we mean the same . 
  two wrongs , one right and all that . 
  who is this `` some '' who say something ? 
  who lives in the world of cognitive dissonance ? 
  who 's narrative is it you are railing against ? 
  i hope you do n't try to tell us that all that - which we have been reading on for months and years now - is not being reported on ? 
  no , please do n't . 
  i specifically do n't want this to be part of the referendum-megathread . 
  this should be about what 's going on in the life of greeks today , not about that overarching subject . 
  i think he 's right though . 
  spanish olive oil is typically more bland . 
  i do n't know if the trees are more professionally kept in spain to raise yields , and traditional olive groves with small olives are typical of greece , but i usually buy ecologically produced oil from crete . 
  it 's about 7 eypo for 750ml of normal quality oil here . 
  i 'd wish at this point , we had not only the terrifying prospect of economical collapse in case of a no , but also a more positive argument for a yes .
