  pull up any beauty contest and the uk will be rather high up the ranking . 
  i always thought it was germans that were so freaking insecure that they needed to top the `` well liked '' charts or else . 
   good luck paying for the south and east on your own this actually makes more sense as the real reason for the brexit push ... 
  seriously , how is this any different than the corridors of power in a national capital ? 
  i know shit how things are brokered in berlin even though i have a good understanding of the german political system . 
  hey , that 's capitalism . 
  they voted for it . 
  and truth be told , it was either selling them off of shuttering them . 
  meh , the way western europe profits is mostly non-economic : no serious democratic crises in ee eu states , no wars ( unlike in the balkans ) . 
  economically it 's a mixed blessing - good for our huge corporations but bad for the man in the street because wage competition has seriously suppressed real wages over here . 
  that 's just nonsense . 
  germany has to eat crow a lot - like every nation . 
  britain just stopped ten years ago even trying to influence the eu except by temper tantrums . 
  putin has been ominously silent , though . 
  one region less to worry about in a world that 's coming apart at the seams . 
  one organization to deal with when it comes to international treaties instead of having to herd lots of smaller nations . 
  one huge market instead of fragmentation . 
  huh ? 
  even the rhine river valley was a malaria-infested swamp . 
  and that 's even more true in the case of large parts of southern europe . 
  wo n't change a lot . 
  first , it 's only bremen , not on a federal level . 
  so there wo n't be any legal shops to buy . 
  second , it 's only decriminalization , not legalization , so no breakthrough . 
  the police would love that app - a database of dealers , crowdsourced and always up to date . 
  finally someone is actually asking for anschluss !, 
  * shrug * whatever dude . 
  if you believe engaging in culture of victimhood is helping you , go for it . 
  britain has withdrawn from european politics on her own volition . 
  i 'd just like to point out that you are talking to a german - we net spend [ a whole lot more ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/12176663/eu-facts-how-much-does-britain-pay-to-the-eu-budget.html ) and i do n't go complaining how the eu is eating the socks off my feet , because in the end , it 's a reasonable amount that goes a long way towards stabilizing and developing eastern central and southern europe . 
   a big problem in britain ( from my point of view and people around me ) is that we really do n't feel part of the club but that 's due to 30 years of trying to get not too much skin in the game . 
  the uk could be a eu heavyweight if it had a more positive and active attitude towards the eu . 
  i am sure germany would love to have a more market-oriented big power to keep french `` big state '' attitudes in check . 
   thank you for restoring my faith in europeans , i was beginning to think everyone hated us . 
  oh come on ... http://www.globescan.com/news_archives/bbc06-3/, 
  damn . 
  ca n't you make him president of russia ? 
   we have more than 1 type of bread hahahaha ... 
  seriously ? 
  full stop after `` problems '' . 
  and then what ? 
  we just need better automation and more robots to solve the problem getting skilled workers . 
  also , german wages are too low , specialists relocate to the us and switzerland . 
  relocate company to berlin , that 's where all the cool kids are anyways . 
  if you return sudetenland we can talk about k\u00f6nigsberg, 
  which is a good thing . 
  no need to add more guns to a standoff between two irresponsible parties . 
  that 's how ww i started . 
   but how does the state know how much they make ? 
  estimates . 
  in some cities , prostitutes have to buy a tax voucher at the start of their shift in an atm so they can prove they have paid some taxes . 
  other than that , they have to fill tax reports - which some do , but a lot doge . 
  you can legally work as an employed sex worker over here and then the employer is responsible . 
   do you get a receipt after you fuck a prostitute ? 
  also , what are the prices like ? 
  starting at something like 25 eur for street hookers and up to 1000 + per night . 
  or when the net tried to name a [ tunnel after bud spencer ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20110728/36581 ) . 
   blas de lezo i laughed so hard when i googled that name . 
  they really should n't have disqualified it . 
  except that he ran for chancellor a couple of years later and had huge suction with the federal police and the top military and industrial brass , yeah . 
  he was one of germany 's top conservative heavy-weights back then . 
   without spazzing out and curtailing fundamental freedoms that 's not true . 
  when the german raf terrorist group started murdering elite figures , a lot of freedom rights were abolished and a surveillance state ( with what was possible back then ) introduced . 
  the right-wing strauss even went as far as wanting to introduce torture and shoot terrorist prisoners in revenge . 
  kohl and the like were probably completely unaware about able archer and other near misses only came to light after the end of the cold war . 
  it just seems they held up better in retrospect because we forget the bad details . 
   this shows just one thing about the dutch people ; they do n't give a fuck about ukraine it shows they positively dislike ukraine and want nothing to do with the country . 
   its a politicians job to explain why ttip is so great and why we should sign it . 
  i do n't know . 
  yes , on the one hand . 
  on the other hand , every voter should do his or her fucking diligence before voting in a referendum . 
  politicians are not our mommies and daddies . 
  they are not salesmen either . 
  they are for the most part glorified senior management . 
  what people should know about the carrell scandal is that he apologized for the sketch and a month later , his `` tagesshow '' format was cancelled ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/rudis_tagesshow ) . 
  the kohl government was n't exactly a champion of free speech and while it does n't seem things have exactly improved , they do n't seem to have gotten much worse . 
  i just hope that damned law is going to be abolished ... 
   just ask a marxist which one of the two that actually exist ? 
  i mean , everyone can erect a straw-man to bash ... 
  have less moronic friends ? 
  you forgot to add something about the jews and white genocide there . 
  was done by an austrian . 
  of course he 'd suppress our love for w\u00f6rk , w\u00f6rk . 
  medium term ? 
  not very much . 
  the gdp of the eu is huge , other backing places would step right in . 
  pakistan had their nuke by 1984 , they just deferred testing till india detonated one . 
  trying to go nuclear is the dumbest option ukraine has , it would alienate the usa , eu and russia . 
  the gloves could come off when dealing with london banks . 
  not that i believe the eu had the guts , though, 
  overall , the number of terror victims has been stable over the last 30 years or so . 
  right-wing terror ofc has gone up as well as islamist terror . 
  it 's a well known fact that police over-reports crime by foreigners our none-whites just like in the u.s.a.crime by blacks . 
   no place is ofc perfectly safe that 's exactly what she said , just with a different tone . 
  hey vienna is in germany now ? 
  that 's great !, 
  that 's why i was specific about the last 30 years or so . 
  after the 1970 's , no country has developed nukes without getting sanctioned till they give up ( or getting invaded ) . 
  even japan just recently was forced to transfer a ship full of heu to the u.s.a. 
  yeah if ukraine wants to be on the level of north korea they can try .
