  wow , spacex will be at their second or third iteration of reusable engines then . 
  it could be extremely helpful if the imf is holding a gun to both heads , the ez states and greece . 
  some outside pressure might help merkel domestically - she could claim she was forced to accept a haircut . 
  and if greece has to make further concessions , it might go down better with the voters . 
  however , i ca n't see how there would be a third financial package after a haircut . 
  and i ca n't see how greece would do without . 
  so , mr. juncker , more fear-mongering to cover up the great job ez politicians like you did in installing and managing the ez ? 
  fork autocorrection on android , thanks . 
  nimby it is, 
  i do very much . 
  the eu is going to be even more of a big-state nightmare without the island monkeys . 
  france will push for french as the official language in all institutions . 
  and the club-med countries will have access to unlimited credit from the ecb . 
  seems like the imf uses greece default as a bargaining chip to bring the ez countries to task ( emphasis mine ) : greece is so far off course on its $ 172bn bailout programme that it faces losing vital international monetary fund support ** unless european lenders write off significant amounts of its sovereign debt ** , the fund has warned athens ' eurozone creditors . 
  the warning , delivered to eurozone finance ministers by poul thomsen , head of the imf 's european department , raises the prospect that it may hold back its portion of a $ 7.2 bn tranche of bailout aid that greece is desperately attempting to secure to avoid bankruptcy . 
  half of the $ 7.2 bn , which is the subject of intense negotiations between athens and its creditors in brussels-based talks that resumed on monday , is due to come from the imf . 
  without the funds , greece is expected to run out of cash this month . 
  eurozone creditors , who hold the vast bulk of greek debt , are adamantly opposed to debt relief . 
  but imf support is crucial both for its funds and to sustain political backing for the greece bailout , particularly in germany . 
  according to two officials present at a contentious meeting of eurozone finance ministers in riga last month , mr thomsen said initial data the imf had received from greek authorities showed athens was on track to run a primary budget deficit of as much as 1.5 per cent of gross domestic product this year . 
  under existing bailout targets , athens was supposed to run a primary surplus -- government receipts net of spending , excluding interest payments on sovereign debt -- of 3 per cent of gdp in 2015 . 
  with the large surplus now turning into a sizeable deficit , greece 's debt levels would begin to spike again . 
  this would force either athens to take drastic austerity measures ** or eurozone bailout lenders to agree to debt write-offs to get athens ' debt back on a sustainable path , the imf believes . 
  officials said mr thomsen specifically mentioned the need for debt relief during the three-hour meeting ** . 
  `` the imf thinks the gap between the two realities is very large right now , '' said one senior official involved in the talks . 
  he noted that both athens , which was resisting new economic reforms , and eurozone creditors would probably fight the imf on the issue . 
  a stand-off between the imf and eurozone creditors over greece is not unprecedented . 
  three years ago , the imf refused to disburse its portion of the aid tranche because of similar fears greek debt was not falling fast enough . 
  the imf only signed off after eurozone ministers agreed to consider , but never implemented , writing down their bailout loans to reduce greece 's debt to `` substantially lower '' than 110 per cent of gdp by 2022 . 
  it currently stands at 176 per cent . 
  the forecast of a rising greek deficit after achieving a 1.7 per cent surplus last year -- and overly optimistic projections of similar surpluses into the future -- would also increase the size of a third greek bailout , which most officials believe is necessary once the $ 7.2 bn left in the current programme is paid out . 
  senior officials have initially projected a new programme at $ 30bn - $ 50bn , but rising deficits could change that calculation . 
  deep differences between greece and its creditors remain on nearly all substantive issues , but officials said the current talks were now more productive than they had been before during the three-month stand-off . 
  although most officials believe a deal is unlikely at monday 's meeting of eurozone finance ministers , several negotiators are pushing for enough progress so ministers can buy more time . 
  some eu officials hope to agree a statement that would allow the european central bank to relax the cap it has imposed on greek sales of short-term debt . 
  if athens was able to sell additional treasury bills , it would temporarily relieve its mounting cash crunch . 
   has n't been backed up by engineers or scientists as far as i can tell . 
  well there is a morsel of truth in it . 
  solar and wind produce extremely variable amounts of energy over time . 
  at times they need to shut down so they do n't produce too much juice , whereas on a quiet snowy winter day , they produce way too little . 
  so currently we need a huge lot of conventional power plants that can spin up on short notice . 
  of course they get quit a lot of money per mwh , but since they clock less and less hours , they are no longer profitable - or at least on edge . 
  a lot can be achieved via a pan - european power grid where supply and demand over regions can average out and hydro-storage basins can be filled with excess energy . 
  but for this , we need a huge number of additional power lines - especially in bavaria . 
  and of course that 's a problem , bavarians are really good in nymby . 
  in the end , it 's an engineering challenge in power generation and storage and a political problem building the infrastructure . 
  olive-green ones that is . 
  with gun-thingies . 
  that 's some really low-class reporting . 
  daily caller sourcing from mittelstandsnews ( never ever heard from them ) , a lobby group and a energy think tank . 
  could n't you find something a bit less obviously partisan , op ? 
  all right , brave internet guy . 
  did you already enlist ? 
  because thrashing around like an angry child would have been so much better . 
  yeah , let 's disregard any military wisdom and treat the russians like a fucking third-world country , that 'll teach them . 
   provide ukraine with lethal defensive weapons to fight off the russian terrorists and `` vacationers '' moronic idea of the century . 
  ukraine 's army was not lacking lethal weapons , they in fact had loads of them , they were and are lacking training , modern intelligence systems and in general a deep modernization . 
  russia - by no means perfect - has done this and therefore easily had the upper hand . 
  ukraine has completely and utterly botched military reform for 20 years , when the conflict started , it was too late . 
  the west would have to send their own troops to deal with the russian aggression , but just giving ukraine some aa batteries and atgm 's would not have effected anything . 
  it is easy to say we need to help them militarily , but as long as ukraine has such a long border to russia , there is no way you can secure the area short of an outright invasion . 
  and ukraine was non-aligned , we have zero commitment to start a war there . 
  it is a major scandal right now . 
  i doubt it will just blow over , but it needs time . 
  i think de maizi\u00e8re will have to go along with the head of bnd . 
  so what should the eu/europa/nato have done ? 
   so , i 'm wondering if he 's sending a signal . 
  not that v is a great guy and we should support him ... but that the markets want to push the ez for a v like deal . 
  sure , his employer would profit handsomely from a return to normal interest rates . 
  one could even make the point that allianz ( one of the largest life insurance companies ) would profit if germany had to go deeper into debt to salvage the ez and therefore had to pay 3 to 4 % on the bunds - though i 'd say this was a bit paranoid . . 
  in principle : yes . 
  do i think europe has resolved the crisis and averted a war ? 
  no , of course not . 
  but i do n't think europe had the means to do so . 
  there is no stopping russia short of risking a major escalation and as long as russia does not seem to become something like nazi germany , i am glad * sang froid * has prevailed . 
  of course once russia attacks a nato country , the gloves need to come off . 
  not with my usage patterns ( keeping all tabs open ) , anything less than 16gb is tedious . 
  our government wo n't . 
  the bnd is a complete mess and i doubt anyone in government really knows what the secret service is up to - because no one wants to know . 
  meh , that does not mean a lot . 
  they simply guard against sudden financial death if greece adopts a new currency, 
  as one of the last standing firefox users , i sure hope electrolysis and servo can turn the tide , but i do n't hold my breath . 
  but then , how do you keep up in the international competition ? 
  i know the swiss also earn extremely well , but they have focused on high-quality goods . 
  otoh it could go the other way for two reasons : 1 ) if you have a really profitable state-owned business , there are chances that after privatisation , several private owned businesses could thrive in that market segment ( think lottery ) . 
  in aggregate those might make more profit and create more jobs 2 ) maybe a private investor wants to expand and modernize the business and needs to invest further . 
  i am not a huge fan of privatizations of natural monopolies ( eg . 
  public water , railroads ) , but over here , the privatization of the postal system and telephone company ( now telekom ) certainly was a great move for both the state and the customers . 
  the privatization of germany 's national carrier lufthansa also was a success story even though lufthansa currently has a clouded outlook . 
  in the case of luxembourg i guess it 's because a lot of financial service jobs are located there . 
  typically , those pay rather a bit more than manufacturing . 
  in the case of germany , it might be our huge companies ( siemens , vw , basf ) and the specialisation on high-value industry vs. a generally not very high wage level , but i am not really sure . 
  at least they got australia right ... 
  i 'd say this would be a wrong generalisation . 
  countries with a high per-hour productivity should have high wages ( leading to higher labor costs all things equal ) . 
  countries with a high percentage of industrial and post-industrial work also . 
  rural countries would have lower wages ( and lower labor costs ) . 
  but super-efficient countries could have high wages and still relatively low labor costs and lower unemployment . 
  not sure if those exist , switzerland maybe , certainly not germany . 
  in principle , labor costs around the world should converge , i guess .
