  infrastructure has always been a legit military target . 
  just some weeks earlier nato shot up another [ bridge ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grdelica_train_bombing ) right when a train was on it . 
  there 's the same controversy about that strike , but i fail to see clear evidence it was a targeted strike against the passengers of the train . 
  war is a messy business , that whole `` surgical strike '' stuff is just bs . 
  you 'll always be killing civilians as collateral damage - but that 's still completely different from targeting civilians . 
  and i have never sat in the cockpit of a fighter/bomber in a low-level attack , but neither have you . 
  i bet there is so much going on that you wo n't notice a crowd standing around , just look at the video from the missiles : [ first strike ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6zkeugspco ) , [ second attack ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4s09ddbdb4 ), 
  shit happens with the celebration going on around the bridge , but bridges are not civilian targets . 
   they shifted to blatantly targeting civilians i still have not seen any civilians targeted . 
  you could always hop over to / r/aviation, 
  also united in hating modern liberal values like equality for women , lgbt rights , immigration rights ... 
  i do n't think there should be a surplus at all , considering this is the debt limit . 
  in essence this means full debt sharing . 
  realistically , this just means everyone subtracts 60 % gdp from their national debt and happily goes on the next lending spree . 
   german industry is more competitive because it has a higher technological input . 
  that means it can outcompete other industrial powers . 
  in so doing it accumulates more capital and is therefore able to further outstrip its competitors come on , please . 
  it is really not that simple . 
  - to sustain a technological edge , you need higher investments , better training , education . 
  all that costs money which can not be invested . 
  - france is a high-tech country with a lot of companies that outperform their competition - france has secured a lot of eu companies and projects ( airbus , arianespace , iter ) imo , france is suffering from politics that continue to overlook that globalization has moved the goal posts . 
  the competition is now eastern europe ( wages ... ) and china . 
  germany had the fortune that after reunification , we had a high unemployment rate and therefore had to adopt reforms earlier than others . 
  this led to depressed wages for a good 15 years . 
  but france is not greece , far from it . 
  france , my buddy , what are you doing ? 
  look buddy , your country starts a genocide , your country is carved up . 
  easy as that . 
  you wo n't get shit , neither the country back nor some phantasy sum . 
   it seems like they shifted to purposefully targeting civilians wat ? 
  source please . 
  for the most part i agree with his analysis of the causes of the current crisis , even though i find this analysis terribly one-sided - so not wrong , but very much incomplete . 
  there is a reason greece was hit hard and has over the last years made small progress , and it 's more than the the country is made a scapegoat or is a canary in the coal mine . 
  his analysis of the effects of qe on the german banking system is also sound - he does not mention it , but our life insurance companies will go bust one after the other in the next years because they too have to buy bonds with the highest ratings ( ie . 
  bunds ) and have to pay a minimum interest to their clients - both is impossible to achieve with germany deleveraging . 
  as to his proposal : - europeanise the banking sector , i can see this only if the bank oversight is also europeanized and situated in one of the northern ez countries . 
  the last thing i want is political pressure in country x on its banks to buy that many loans of their government that they go bust once their country has trouble paying its debt . 
  if europe ( or more precise the ez taxpayers ) are then obliged to rescue or restructure those banks , it creates an incredible moral hazard . 
  - europeanise a portion of the public debt , ugh , tragedy of the commons anyone ? 
  i do n't see in his blog posting how he would avoid this . 
  - europeanise aggregate investments ( through the european investment bank and in association with the european central bank ) makes sense , however i am not so sure about the coupling to qe . 
  to me , qe needs to end in some years . 
  - europeanise a hunger and poverty alleviation program . 
  makes sense to me , also access to basic medical care . 
  yes , i have come to appreciate the us somewhat more over the last years . 
  a lot of blame is directed at germany in much the same way many hold a secret grudge against the us over its global domination/leadership . 
  comes with the job of de facto leader without vote , i guess . 
  gatesofvienna is a rabid anti-muslim site , so no wonder . 
  spiegel is the mouthpiece of german angst . 
  they have to have 2-3 issues per year where they worry about germany and its role in europe , on how other countries see us and if there is legitimate reason to be afraid of ourselves . 
  i do n't know if they really feel that way or if it kind of trolling to whore for attention - their number of readers has been declining over the last 20 years . 
  what 's the proposal here ? 
  that the us opens its borders to nafta citizens ? 
  i fully agree . 
  twin germanies !, 
  i like it . 
  one trillion eur , huh ? 
  i can not see those war reparations flowing towards serbia ... 
  i fail to see how this was a bad idea ? 
  either they can not get the plans implemented or they are trying to play game of chicken and see who blinks first . 
  merkel has declared she does not want a grexit , so if tsipras has balls of steel , he could try to call her bluff and not implement the most hated measures . 
  the risk of course is that it may not be a bluff and merkel would rather see greece default than enter an unregulated transfer union . 
  or tsipras has a hidden agenda and wanted greece to leave the ez from the start . 
  he could look for a scapegoat in the form of merkel . 
  probably only included `` kebab '' and not also `` d\u00f6ner '' which would be much more common in germany . 
  what would be likely coalitions ? 
  podemos and pp or podemos and c 's seem like unlikely pairings . 
  stalin had berija , he motivated people like no one else , 
  whew , dodged a bullet there . 
  ugh , i have over the course of the last months read more hitler/putin analogies in our media than i wanted to read in my whole lifetime . 
  so , yes there 's a lot of simplistic narratives projected on russia or putin also . 
  same with the `` lazy greeks '' stereotype in bild . 
  it 's not that she is the only one speaking with greece . 
  there was a [ mini-summit ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/mar/19/eu-leaders-summit-greek-bailout-talks-live-updates ) of eu leaders just last week . 
  since tsipras is in berlin to consult with her it would be strange if she would not receive him ... also real-world politics . 
  germany is the largest contributor to esm/esfs if i am not mistaken , so who would you rather talk to ? 
   the two authors see the euro as a means to a german end , writing that the common currency is reminiscent `` rightly or wrongly '' of the `` tank divisions of yore . '', 
  the euro , they believe , is to secure territory under german control . 
  and germany 's high court , the bundesverfassungsgericht ? 
  `` sounds like a wehrmacht weapon . '', 
  they write of chancellor `` merkiavelli , in her pretentious headquarters , the `` kohlosseum , '' that 's quite an astonishing amount of intellectual laziness dressed up with some bonmots there . 
  if the traditional western european socialist left wants to know why they have been declining since their heyday in the 1970 's , they should read stuff like that - completely unkempt thinking lacking of any substance . 
  there are legitimate concerns with the way debt has de-balanced inner-european democracy , how the gini-coefficient has risen , how chances to get work are getting more unequal . 
  but nationalizing the debate will not help . 
  what is missing is a pan-european debate . 
  oh yes , please do n't let the door hit you on the way out . 
  we 'd be a much more modern and liberal country without you . 
   i really don not like the guy but these kind of attacks are without any substance . 
  bild is the anus of the german press , you 'll probably read even worse from them in the next weeks . 
  heh , that 's just mean . 
  more like someone put it in a bench vice or vice grip , you can see how it is indented . 
  sweden . 
  if they can browbeat both sweden and denmark into submission , then the way out of the baltic sea is much easier for their fleet . 
  rather big if , though . 
  they wo n't change their tune in the least . 
  wait a week and they are going to bash away again - everything in the name of populism . 
  because they still need money , at least to finance state operation for the short time . 
  they need to pay pensions and civil servant 's wages at the end of march . 
  i guess they do n't have x bn eur simply lying around , so they issue some t-bills they 'd repay over the course of april . 
  this kind of short term financing is pretty standard operation procedure because a country usually has short-term financing demands at a certain time and then an inflow of tax money later .
