  well , idk . 
  what has europe to gain from a grexit ? 
  a failed state within its borders , unable to get on its feet due to demographics and lack of industry . 
  probably a war with turkey some years down the road . 
  but varoufakis sounds more out of touch with reality as time passes . 
  if he really hopes or believes the troika is bluffing , he needs his head checked . 
  not even spiegel ? 
  i ca n't see this happen without treaty changes though . 
  and demanding treaty changes opens a whole can of worms . 
  yeah , but it is completely clear what would happen to the money . 
  better set up a foundation that pays to the victims . 
  if the other side has 5x your military might , then it 's just common sense . 
  he 's not hateful , he 's just a stickler to principles . 
  but you are right that he has personal issues . 
  why is he still finance minister ? 
  because he 's good at what he does for once and he is a backstop for conservative support . 
  hopefully not brexit , just a bloody nose for the tories . 
  no sorry , your posting was beyond the pale . 
  there 's a level of idiocy i stop arguing with . 
   not really that far from us culturwise . 
  well , you know ... they were closer to germany in the 1920 's than modern-day germany . 
   the eu has practically benefited no one uh-hu . 
  right . 
   the only country benefiting from this has been germany ooo-kay . 
   wealthy countries are now flooded with poorer migrants clearly eu 's fault , so there . 
   not even counting the african filth let 's add a bit of racism for good measure . 
  2/10 would answer again . 
   this would take huge amount of political time and energy , which removes time and energy away from brexit discussions . 
  that would be absolutely great , because it would eliminate the echo chamber for cameron . 
  he 'd have to limit himself to really serious agenda points instead of occupying the air with unimportant stuff to impress british voters . 
  the war reparations claim is total horse shit . 
  see how syriza has stopped talking about it after a couple of weeks , it was just a tactical maneuver to impress greeks . 
  if they mean it , they should take us to court over it , there 's the icj and the ecj . 
  what we should do is start a foundation for the distomo relatives so they get the money and not the greek state . 
  this also gives a good perspective why a greek default is more or less inevitable . 
  the 7.2 bn eur are not even the most pressing problem , a third help package would be needed to tide the country over till fall . 
  and i see no chance of her cdu agreeing to yet another help package for greece . 
  impressive track record speeding up capital flight and throttling gdp . 
  highest rating for alienating everyone , especially germany with their war reparation claims . 
  so , good ideas and partly justified demands buried under grandstanding and brinkmanship . 
  probably the best course of action would be to align with those countries in easter europe that feel russia 's breath ( poland , romania ) and shift the center of gravity of the eu eastwards . 
  france , spain and the uk are too busy right now to be helpful and probably do n't really care about the eastern eu states . 
  the real danger right now is that more countries than just hungaria develop authoritarian tendencies and cozy up with moscow . 
  germany should forge strong ties with those that wo n't to reassure them . 
  no , that 's the exact opposite what is required and what some of our neighbors want . 
  if germany is to assume a leadership role that also means rebuilding an army that can impress russia , even if it makes a neighbor somewhat uneasy at first . 
  doing nothing just because someone might not like it is what we have done over the last 50 years . 
  it has worked , but if the article is right , that time is coming to an end . 
   it is never mentioned outside of tabloids and reddit . 
  huh ? 
  it made huge waves over here - if you read the link i posted , you might see that . 
  selling sex presumably . 
  those middle-eastern religions do n't take kindly to that . 
  sure , we even have [ sharia patrols ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharia_patrols ) . 
  they are not exactly [ well liked ] ( http://www.dw.de/germany-wont-tolerate-sharia-police/a-17906086 ) , but it 's hard to do anything . 
  otoh , they do n't get a lot of traction . 
  come to think of it op , what 's your opinion on your questions ? 
   well educated people are a lot less open for extremism . 
  i think the 9/11 perpetrators were pretty well educated middle class , though . 
  i guess it depends what happens in the middle east over the next 20 years or so . 
  it seems like every war over there has a spillover effect here , in the last years especially the palestinian/israeli war . 
  if the shia/sunni conflict gets worse and prolonged , it could get ugly over here too . 
  also if the conflict between da'esh and the rest of the world get reinterpreted as a cultural conflict between islam and the west . 
  in principle from witnessing the situation over here in germany , i 'd say islam is far from a threat to our culture . 
  most muslims just live here , some blend in more , some less . 
  the country is diverse and rich enough to integrate people from a lot of different cultures . 
  we have integrated a lot of russians in the 1990 's with some success , so i believe our ability to integrate foreigners is not so bad . 
  where i start having some doubts is about the tendency of 2 ^ nd and 3 ^ rd generation muslims to radicalize . 
  it is still the absolute minority , but you can witness anti-german racism in schools with a muslim majority , there can be no doubt . 
  i do n't expect to see blatant taking over of schools [ like in the uk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_trojan_horse ) or widespread [ racist sexual abuse ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal ) , but watching what happens in some areas where muslims become a majority gives me an uneasy pause . 
  white flight already happens and i can see a segregation coming ... 
  i think i would be more at ease if both the muslim community and the german state found common ground in dealing with extremists ( including white right-wing extremists ) . 
  there are some first steps , but not enough . 
  and we * desperately * need more muslim role models - politicians , police officers , economical leaders . 
  edit : since my post maybe is a bit rambling ... one should not generalize muslims as a group , and islam is more diverse as christianity . 
  so : can `` we '' live in peace with muslims ? 
  sure . 
  can `` we '' live in peace with all muslims ? 
  probably not , but that 's not a threat to our societies . 
   had those two countries played by the rules instead of thinking themselves above it chances are we wouldnt be in this mess . 
  yes , germany and france were early offenders , but greece got in to the club by falsifying stats and once in hid their mounting borrowing from eurostat . 
  and even if it is somewhat of a grey area , there is something to be said to allow for emergency transgressions of the rules if the country 's economy is sound in principle . 
   is n't that super funny when you look back at it now ? 
  it 's not over till it 's over ... 
   the bailout agreement runs out at june 30 . and the money disappears . 
  if all parties agree , surely it could be extended ? 
  i heard sounds of an extension until march ... 
   austerity is not a reform . 
  it 's just a punishment for `` unruly countries '' . 
  uhm . 
  greece borrowed up to 12 or 15 % of gdp per year . 
  no one in the eu was prepared to finance that any further . 
  austerity is like the hangover after a heavy drinking binge . 
   for years it was amassing and the imf , ecb etc. 
  did nothing to stop it ok , but what would the imf do about it ? 
  even the ecb has no mandate to control a country 's budget . 
  the eu has , but can not do a whole lot . 
  just imagine the shit storm if the eu had fined greece billions for violating the budget limits . 
  and that 's not even touching the subject of `` greek statistics '' ...  if the eu wanted to show it 's `` solidarity '' it would have bought out part of the imf debt and restructured it so greece would not have to deal with 3 sides now . 
  the imf was brought in precisely to stop shenanigans .
