  her first attempt fell flat , but in 2005 she became the first female chancellor in germany in a very narrow election . 
  the then-incumbent schr\u00f6der even laughed at her on the night of the election and told her `` you 'll never be chancellor '' . 
  well , that was that , days later she had the keys to the chancellery and he had to move out . 
  she learned from her master kohl the art of leading by waiting . 
  let the minions fight and burn their finger , she waits until the winning option is clear and only then steps in . 
  this works marvelously in a country that is at the top of it 's game . 
  in the greek crisis , the downsides of lacking leadership become very clear , however . 
  in the ongoing scandal over the nsa wiretapping each and everyone in her government , she played the fool only once lashing out and comparing the nsa to the east-german secret service stasi . 
  her personal opinion is not very visible ( as she tends to be silent and introvert ) , she usually speaks out against xenophobia , does not see discrimination against gays as a problem , has promoted other women to important functions ( ms von der leyen is the prime example ) and generally is not very divisive - afaik she is well liked as a person even among large parts of the opposition . 
  my personal opinion ? 
  i have the utmost respect that she tried to keep a working relationship with putin , even after he trolled her ( she 's afraid of dogs , he brings his dogs to meetings with her and lets them run around ) . 
  that she was not afraid of losing face by trying to negotiate an impossible truce in ukraine . 
  it * is * working bad , but better than i expected . 
  i do n't think she 's as cold as she appears , she seems to split private life and business radically . 
  her role in the greek disaster is deplorable - last year she should have stepped up and pushed for some institutional changes in the ez to allow for ordered bankruptcy of a country , for some shared institutions and financial transfers . 
  optimally , she 'd have written a vision-paper together with hollande calling for further ez integration and scaling back of the rest of the eu . 
  personally , i think she 's a mediocre chancellor . 
  we had worse , but also better ones . 
  i never voted for her because i am no huge fan of her party . 
   care to elaborate further in order to make me understand . 
  a lot of cases should be covered by the current laws dealing with unmarried couples having kids . 
  in that case , you give a vaterschaftserkl\u00e4rung and sorgerechtserkl\u00e4rung and that 's that . 
  the kid would have a biological father and two mothers sharing sorgerecht . 
  i do n't believe for a second the german law system would pose insurmountable difficulties here . 
  that 's usually just an argument from people clinging to the status quo . 
  i doubt it 's such a big problem . 
  and even if : time to get to work , those laws wo n't change themselves . 
  the gdr de-criminalized homosexuality before western germany . 
  i doubt you 'd have been any less angry if he had blocked the 2 ^ nd `` bailout '' . 
  and there 's no customary right to break rules just because they have been violated before . 
  you may not like sch\u00e4uble , but he 's relatively consistent on this . 
  you are basically making sch\u00e4uble 's point by declaring that now all bets are off because the rules have been violated repeatedly . 
  him being a lawyer would give you such a drubbing . 
  first because that 's the kind of moral apathy that made things as they are in greece and second because if anything it 's a good reason to stop . 
  furthermore sch\u00e4uble has raised his voice each and every time there was a bailout . 
  it is certainly not the first time he has a problem breaking that clause . 
  yes , but the currencies were not free-floating . 
  there was this `` currency snake '' with defined corridors in which the currencies could float . 
  central banks would gang up and intervene if the corridor was broken , and at times a central bank got burned ( like the boe ) . 
   which also means current german policy will possibly come back to haunt them at some point it will , and i dread that . 
  if anything we should be nicer now so others play nice when our demographic bomb bursts . 
  dot-com bubble burst ? 
  these days , the uk seems a tad attention-hungry . 
  no guys , it 's not all about you . 
  we got a serious problem to mishandle here , you could just relax . 
  however , i get the distinct impression that a lot of british redditors here absolutely want to feel insulted by whatever the eu does . 
  it 's like in any relationship gone sour where one partner is looking for fault everywhere . 
   it owns the companies that bribed greek politicians . 
  haha , in what world are you living in ? 
   also , we are talking about very basic negotiation techniques here . 
  going on about how varoufakis could only have done so because he was a game theoretician is silly . 
  thanks this lazy reporting is getting on my nerves . 
  everyone with some brass balls and nothing to lose would embark on such a negotiation style , i should think . 
  no , i get it . 
  the guy above me was talking about germany , though . 
  inside the ez , if we buy imports in $ and sell for eur , every manufacturer is hit by the same price hike for imports , so our competitiveness is not influenced at all . 
  our manufacturer might lose some sales in the ez . 
  outside , where we buy in $ and sell in $ , we have still an advantage because our added value through domestic work , branding etc. 
  factors in eur and gets cheaper , the % of imported parts does not get more expensive for the customer . 
  our manufacturer will win sales internationally and obviously , it makes it attractive for manufacturers to swap external suppliers for domestic ones , another win for the german ( or ez ) economy . 
  the only ones who are worse off are you and me if we want to buy imported goods . 
  and by proxy , importers suffer . 
  our manufacturers pop champagne right now . 
  or is that some kind of bavarian economics ? 
  edit to give a simplified example for two exchange rates for a company that has a * huge * dependency on imports of parts : 1.50 usd/eur 10,000 usd ( 6,666 eur ) import costs 5,000 usd ( 3,333 eur ) domestic costs + profit = = = = = = = = = 15,000 usd price international 10,000 eur price domestic 1.00 usd/eur 10,000 usd ( 10,000 eur ) import costs 3,333 usd ( 3,333 eur ) domestic costs + profit = = = = = = = = = 13,333 usd price international 13,333 eur price domestic the real danger is complacency if the currency is constantly devaluated . 
  usually it leads to lower imports and higher exports because their manufacturing becomes more competitive . 
  huh , how does a weak eur damage factory exporting ? 
  yeah , national stereotyping has nothing to do with petty moralizing and is sound economics . 
  it could even lead to kind of a reverse streisand effect ... 
  one was condoned and enforced by a government on part of it 's citizens . 
  the other is the brainfart of some guys on twitter . 
   so he was naive to go into high-level political meetings and expect open rational argument attempting to arrive at a mutually benefitial solution i have a hard time believing he went to those meetings for ** three months ** not realizing he was no longer in academia . 
  i mean , if my discussion `` partners '' tell me two or three times they do n't fucking care about my arguments and will not follow me into a detailed discussion , it dawns on me that * just maybe * they do n't fucking care about my arguments and will not follow me into a detailed discussion . 
  i would n't need three months for that - and since he 's a bright chap i do n't know why it did take him so long . 
  anyways , i like his shirt-sleeved style , i just think it 's a tragedy he had to try it in this meetings and with those participants . 
  * coughs * nsfw tag ? 
  * bon anniversaire * happy birthday , france !, 
   the uk government will not try to ban encryption , a number 10 representative has told business insider . 
   the denial comes after prime minister david cameron suggested in parliament at the end of june that he intended to crack down on encryption technology , saying he wanted to `` ensure that terrorists do not have a safe space in which to communicate . '', 
  seems someone clued him in what other applications strong encryption has besides advances in terrorism . 
   it seems like what germany could n't conquer in two world wars with relatively peaceful means , now using their banks instead of tanks . 
  is this publication based in india ? 
  what 's up with them ? 
  they are basically repackaged germans . 
  i am with you , it just sounded a bit like `` look everyone does it , it 's not so bad '' - a line of reasoning i have read here quite often and dislike . 
  but that sounds awfully like the emu mess right now . 
  needed provisions were not implemented in time , transfer payments ( they exist ) are too low ... no wonder sch\u00e4uble was teasing lew over the situation . 
  if you discuss with brits , it is usually the other way around - lots of schadenfreude mixed with `` told you so '' . 
  choose better discussion partners or keep the discussion civil . 
  meh , no , that 's bullshit stereotyping . 
  breaking rules is not easily forgotten or condoned over here . 
  furthermore the emu was sold with the specific promise of `` no bailouts , stable currency like the deutschmark '' . 
  household debt over here is [ low , but not exceptionally so ] ( http://kr.nlh1.com/images/bishop/household_debt_to_gdp.gif ) . 
  does n't exactly square with the hypothesis . 
  the way you write , i am not surprised that you get harsh reactions . 
  that 's helping a lot . 
   everything we say is a lie except if a foreign source confirms it only if you are from crete ... 
  see , see ? 
  the subreddit is finally a place to interact with people from europe and the us on a level that goes beyond mere stereotypes , memes and beer-gut nationalism . 
  i do n't know any other forum like that .
