  as a side-effect , this causes infertility . 
  we had a gay foreign minister and we are still going strong . 
  even the saudis came to term with him . 
  i guess that 's going to be a lot cheaper ... 
  gouda ai n't cheese . 
  you are the guys with the immigration , right ? 
  but order and authority are different concepts . 
  holland seems quite an orderly country to me . 
  i do n't get it . 
  according to the map , we are in the same league as spain , which is way dryer . 
  i ca n't recall even one article talking about water problems over here . 
  haha , as if, 
  not with armed bombers . 
  they do those bomber-flights to assess our readiness and for target practice . 
  hum , i was hoping for some 8-bit goodness . 
  exactly , and people hoarding eur will drive down the value of the native currency , unless the government pegs it to eur . 
  making it non-convertible would hardly be possible with the high influx of eur due to tourism . 
  that 's pretty impressive , ireland stronk !, 
  gresham 's law : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/gresham%27s_law unless greece pegged the new money to the euro , people are going to sell it for euros . 
  and currency pegs are a source of much trouble . 
   why do you think that recognizing that you ca n't press blood from a stone is `` naive or gullible '' ? 
  because i have come to the conclusion that syriza is taking everybody for a ride . 
  they are dragging their feet , delivering list after list , miscommunication almost daily . 
  i believe they have a hidden agenda : annoy everyone so much , they just get the money * or * let the whole thing explode and blame the ez . 
   why did you create a currency union in the first place then . . ? 
  ask france , it was the price for re-unification . 
  i am not sure you can have two currencies of which one constantly depreciates in one country . 
   if the greeks are n't allowed to hold elections anymore , what does that say about the principles of the eu ? 
  this does not make sense . 
  they have full freedom how to reach their goals . 
  they can also default , but then there 's a price to pay . 
   merkel knows that too , and faced with the instability risk of a grexit she might very well choose to take the limited electoral risk of bargaining about a small debt reduction . 
  pragmatist does not mean naive or gullible . 
  a small sect reduction wo n't help anyone and for a massive reduction , she 'd be crucified art home, 
  i know , without a political union , a currency union can not work . 
  however , without strict supervision , state financing by the ecb would have been a complete disaster . 
  because that 's totally the same as going over limit every year . 
  yes we did and consequential implemented reforms . 
  reforms that are now biting everyone else . 
  their gdp will absolutely crater , their banking system is toast and will have to be nationalized . 
  without fresh money from the ecb , they most likely will have to default on imf loans , which is pretty unheard of and will cut them off from issuing loans . 
  then they would have to print money like crazy , effectively bringing down wages and the knock-on effects would send a lot of companies into insolvency . 
  in the long run , we are all dead , so it does not matter much . 
  but in the short to medium term , this could get very , very ugly . 
  this is exactly why i hope , the uk does not leave the eu . 
  they often bring some inconvenient truth to the table . 
  i am not sure . 
  i keep reading statements that an exit from the ez also implies an exit from the eu . 
   credible as in the continuation of the failed austerity policies of the last decade ? 
  credible as in the discontinuation of a failed politics of the last 15 years . 
  you ca n't go on and borrow 15 % of gdp for longer periods , that 's insane  you know full well that no matter what concessions syriza made ( and the conceded in almost everything ) they did ? 
  i do n't see too many concessions , but i must confess since they seem to recall every statement the day later and replace it with something entirely different , i kind of have lost track on which concessions they committed themselves to and started implementing them . 
   all these guys see is that someone dared go a different path that 's a bit simplistic . 
  usually , governments honor the treaties signed by their predecessors . 
  if syriza feels like doing different , they are on their own , because no one knows if they will honor their own words or if the next government again shreds all treaties . 
   merkel is pragmatism incarnated and here 's the big , big misunderstanding i guess . 
  tsipras and to a lesser degree varoufakis ( and of course sch\u00e4uble ) are committed to principles . 
  you wo n't impress someone for whom pragmatism rules with speeches about your democratic legitimation to disregard the treaties your predecessors signed . 
  otoh , syriza was voted in on exactly that promise , so i can see how they can not simply backpedal on this . 
  because ancap is totally the thing here . 
   what does it take for the message that it-can ` t-be-done to get through ? 
  sovereign default . 
  i do n't see the catastrophe . 
  yes , the reforms were painful and more so than i personally like . 
  however , the downswing had leveled off last year , so without syriza , 2015 would have most likely been a year of recovery . 
  what 's more : it-can ` t-be-done cuts both ways . 
  ecb is not allowed to directly finance member states . 
  direct transfers are not allowed between member states . 
  the ez was already stretching its rules , so there has to be a red line somewhere or else we do n't need treaties at all . 
  maybe when philipp scheidemann took the lead in a pretty unclear situation and [ declared the german republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philipp_scheidemann#german_revolution ) handing the reeling kaiserreich a final blow . 
  or when the consitutional council after ww ii [ drafted ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basic_law_for_the_federal_republic_of_germany#drafting_process ) one of the better consitutions, 
   syriza is still hoping that german chancellor angela merkel can defuse the crisis , deeming her a `` real ally '' , but fear that she will be confronted with a fait accompli beyond even her control . 
  uhm , they have to be delusional . 
  i am pretty sure merkel would have helped them if they had committed themselves to credible savings , but delaying and creative vagueness will not help them over here . 
  unless something comes along in the last minute , this is going to blow up over easter . 
  but i guess both sides need a villain . 
  well , idk . 
  if it was possible to remove the downvote option , then maybe . 
  but reddit does not provide for this , the only thing you can do is hide the button via css . 
  so this favors tech-savvy readers who know their firebug . 
  in principle , however , i am on your side : please , people , stop using the downvote button except for some very limited reasons ( bad jokes in a serious thread , hypocrisy , racism , trolling ) . 
  burying inconvenient opinions via downvote is a shitty thing to do . 
  true , even though the logo dates from 1909 , i 'd change it if it was my company . 
  it is outdated and pretty racist . 
  what i do n't get is why those haribo 's are considered racist : http://www.dw.de/haribo-takes-racist-sweets-off-the-market/a-17376231, 
  well done , 
  because the company is named `` thomas neger '' ( probably after the founder ) , which translates as `` thomas negro '' . 
  so the african is a pun . 
  oh please , stop with the fucking nazi references , it gets tiresome . 
  i would be absolutely delighted if they managed this kind of growth , but with the current uncertain outlook and the somewhat contradictory and creatively vague statements concerning serving their obligations , fighting corruption and making business easier , i doubt it . 
   real gdp growth to be 2.9 % in 2015 and 3.7 % in 2016 driven by consumption and investment plans i wish them luck with that one ... 
  true , we should call a week where everyone is obliged to only support the national views of a different nation , or argue from a pro-european-integration perspective . 
  sound move if you are already having financial problems , scaring away tourists is really going to help there . 
   i.e. 
  you could n't pay for stuff with euro considering the weight of tourism for the greek economy , i ca n't see this happening . 
  you can decree people give up good money for bad , but you 'll have a hard time making people obey the decree . 
   the longer we wait , the worse things seem to get . 
  not true . 
  deflation has leveled , growth is picking up ( look at ireland ) , unemployment is decreasing ( granted , in baby steps ) . 
  i think you are way too pessimistic .
