  and it 's still up to the dark lord sch\u00e4uble whether there 's gon na be a deal . 
  julia is a good guy ( gal ) . 
  it 's somewhat sad to see the german pirates shredded themselves over gender politics issues and will be gone after the next elections . 
  thanks for the input , i 'd love to learn a lot more of your country ( and the other baltics of course ) . 
  i got mad respect for how you managed your way out of the soviet mess . 
   lithuanians just want greece to suck it up and stop crying loudly mostly . 
  i guess everyone could agree to that currently , 
  sure , my eyes have been glued to the live-ticker too and i spend much too much time in / r/europe . 
  entertainment is just a ... questionable choice of words considering there 's much on the line for greece and maybe europe . 
  uhm both ? 
  i dunno man , there 's an awful lot of prejudices in play currently . 
  also : happy cake-day , 
  there 's also the afd , which * is * right-wing and just seems to turn nationalist and extreme right . 
  npd is mild fascists . 
  how 's the attitude towards the hard-line stance of sch\u00e4uble , the baltics , the dutch , and the fins ? 
  then things will get very hairy for greece . 
  do n't forget lithuania . 
  is this 85 % of countries or 85 % of contributions to the esm ? 
  maybe you guys could discuss it directly ? 
  you must have a morbid sense of humor . 
  they are not neutral . 
  far from it . 
  fingers crossed . 
  but i think at least the baltics , dutch , the fins and sch\u00e4uble want blood . 
   the ezb ca n't legally lend greece even more money that is hotly debated , it seems there is not legal provision that would force the ecb to cut the money supply . 
  i do n't think the fins are fascists . 
   a balanced budget is a means to an ends , but not an ends in itself . 
  i think you are right , but you wo n't find a lot of support for that in germany . 
  i guess aging populations just want a clean house and no risks . 
  malta is hard-line too ? 
  roughly like your anel i guess . 
  [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finns_party ), 
  that abomination exists ? 
  * cough * krugman * cough *, 
  just an addition : hartz iv was introduced by an spd chancellor ( schr\u00f6der ) in a coalition with the greens , it is not really a right-winger 's project . 
  besides limiting individual 's amount of welfare , it also had some positive aspects , like being a guaranteed minimal income floor ( not universal basic income though ) and broader eligibility rules in some cases . 
   i see you have a german flag so there 's a great chance you or your parents visited croatia / yugoslavia at least once ? 
  when i was young , but then it was still yugoslavia . 
  later there was the war and still later i had no money or no time . 
  i think i 'll come over with my family in the next years . 
  wait , we also bombed german cities ? 
  no , mostly leopard tanks to our corrupt fundamentalist friends in saudi-arabia . 
  i do n't like sch\u00e4uble very much , but once the deadline lapsed , all bets were off . 
  the referendum was a complete joke because of this, 
  we know nothing here , really . 
  it could be a good cop / bad cop strategy, 
  two reasons : a bullet to his spine and a briefcase of money from a weapons dealer, 
  no , but they have a very conservative agenda , similar to the telegraph . 
  i would n't put it past them to blow news out of proportion to help a grexit, 
  shots fired . 
  i thought you had your hands full dealing with us , 
  is it really hard to see that making peace needs a lot of steps from both sides ? 
  yes , the right thing to do would be to kneel ask beg for forgiveness , i just doubt that 's a realistic prospect in the here and now . 
  having him there commemorating the victims was a step forward , bismillah . 
  pelting him with rocks ... not so much . 
  god forbid you listen to someone from outside for a change . 
  you guys have it all covered . 
  you are completely right . 
  i 'm happy to hear the voice of reason for a change . 
  they are not public . 
  you have to trust varoufakis on this . 
  and that , kids , is why the balkans ca n't have nice things . 
  found the hypocrite , guys !, 
  come on , now . 
  the yugoslav war was terrible , no doubt . 
  serbia should apologize , and as far as i know they did . 
  comparing it to the holocaust is completely moronic , though . 
  if it were similar , the balkans would be more or less depopulated . 
  that may be so , but behaving like a bunch of savages is not going to help , really . 
   and paint republic of srpska as an entity built upon genocide . 
  well ... 
  ever asked for the way to the old town in rotterdam ? 
   something you 're not supposed to do on funerals , or cementaries at all i am not sure what i expect in the balkans , but at least no one threw grenades . 
  i certainly did not expect forgiveness or something . 
  fair enough , keeping expectations low can help , 
  granted , but ideally you 'd want to see * some * progress , else we are back to square one in a couple of years . 
  our french friends entered into the precursor of the eu just 6 years after the end of the war ... 
   besides , the guarantees are already accounted for in the european countries ' debt levels . 
  that 's news to me . 
  everywhere i read that the esfs/esm guarantees would trigger new loans and increase debt levels . 
  * ouch * . 
  once a serbian politician does the right thing and then he 's allahu akhbar 'd off the memorial . 
  that balkan history still wo n't come to rest , it seems . 
  * sigh * why would germany want to be drawn into the ukrainian morass ? 
  that country will not reform in the next 10 years . 
  and german dominance in europe to diminish us influence ? 
  they have to be on crack . 
  ugh , that was a complete brainfart , its 60 - 70bn , depending on [ source ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/199174/article/ekathimerini/business/french-exposure-to-possible-greek-default-65-bn-euros ) . 
  need more coffee . 
  it 's a bit late for that now - again the current crisis needs to be fixed in days or else . 
  and even if they apply a band-aid now : if greece exits the eur , it must default on the loans , it simply can not pay them back with a devaluating currency . 
  but if it defaults , a lot of countries need to take out new loans to cover their esm guarantees . 
  which in turn would push spain or portugal back into crisis territory . 
  france has something like a ~ ~ 700bn ~ ~ 70bn exposure to greece - a greek default might even send france reeling . 
  edit : thanks / u/cellularized, 
  i do n't think that 's ever been done . 
  to relocate 1m people , you 'd need 50bn eur . 
  and if you lower the numbers , no one will take the offer . 
  it 's also shady - some muslim serbs might married to a bosnian might prefer to stay in serbia in safety because they primarily identify as serbs . 
  countries are better off if they crack down on their nationalists .
