  no one is especially keen on russia barging in , but i doubt this prospect is enough to change minds . 
  i may also add that russia has not made any moves yet , so it 's still very abstract . 
   i do n't suppose they put much stock in the argument that germany has benefited greatly from the euro while debts pile up in the periphery countries . 
  conservatives will point you to the laws and rules and tell you `` we play by the rules , if someone else wants something extra , he better have a damn good reason '' . 
  german exports are seen as a result of hard work , good government and great entrepreneurs - which is partly true . 
  i mean , i try not to be too conservative , but even i would not want everyone in trouble coming over and asking for money just because we have it . 
  at some point , you draw the line . 
  you may wonder why merkel and sch\u00e4uble were so hung up on the trust issue - but that 's exactly where the conservatives are hurt . 
  they feel we are taken for a ride by a country that receives billions per year from the eu cohesion funds , has an abysmal tax honesty , is notorious for brinkmanship and nepotism , has by threatening to block the eastward extension of the eu extorted considerable payments on top of what it already got . 
   it 's funny because outside germany merkel is portrayed as this very powerful `` queen of europe '' , so it 's odd to think she has problems controling her own party . 
  conservatives will follow authority , so i do n't think they would deny a yes vote . 
  but there 's a mortal danger for merkel 's party looming in the next elections . 
  germany has no credible anti-eu or extreme right party . 
  if merkel was seen as pissing away the taxpayer 's money , such a party would emerge . 
  there was one effort to create one with the afd , but that turned too right-wing and suffered huge in-fights . 
  however , they would have a field day if the government had to tell the voters that 50 + bn are simply gone . 
  that 's still confiscation . 
  it would work for the banking system because this is vital for the country , but forget about nationalising a couple of companies to rake in some dough . 
  i trust the uk will cut as much of greece 's imf debt now as corresponds to the uk 's share in the imf . 
  most likely there are even more direct and indirect loans from the uk to greece , so he surely has some work to do . 
  or is he simply trying to be smug here ? 
   the four often cited criteria for a successful currency union are : [ ... ]  a risk sharing system such as an automatic fiscal transfer mechanism to redistribute money to areas/sectors which have been adversely affected by the first two characteristics . 
  this usually takes the form of taxation redistribution to less developed areas of a country/region . 
  this policy , though theoretically accepted , is politically difficult to implement as the better-off regions rarely give up their revenue easily . 
   well you can nationalise stuff , dress it up pretty and slowly sell shares and keep a certain percentage . 
  i am not sure if that would be legal . 
  i doubt you can just willy-nilly confiscate companies and sell them again . 
  i guess some there are some protections for property rights in the eu laws . 
  that would only work if the creditors wrote down most all of the debt . 
  which they wo n't . 
   how much support do the greens + left have ? 
  little , 15-25 % of the population , and fluctuating . 
   and why do the cdu ignore what the imf say about greek debt ? 
  first , they are conservative and they have long memories . 
  back in the 90 's they were promised the emu would mean every country for themselves , no bailouts . 
  then they were promised bailing out the piigs would cost the taxpayer nothing . 
  then they were specifically promised the greek debt cut and second bailout would cost the taxpayer nothing . 
  now they say `` fuck it , it 's not really our problem , if the imf wants a debt cut or more transfers , someone else should pay '' . 
  no , the esm , ecb , germany or the imf can borrow at triple-a and should ( according to the imf ) charge greece no more interest if they have any intention to keep the situation sustainable . 
  well , 2007 , before the debt crisis exploded , debt was at [ 265bn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis#debt_levels_revealed_.282010.29 ) , now it is 320bn , so the additional debt is not 280bn , but 55bn ( not counting a debt cut in 2012 or something ) . 
  the rest is old debt stemming from living over their means for a generation . 
  we basically took over a lot of the old debt because greece could no longer refinance on the market . 
  that money did not go to greece but bounced straight back to our banks . 
   the money has to be somewhere an economy is not a piggy bank where you put money in and it just stays there . 
  the money leaks out of greece via capital flight , via imports . 
  that 's why there are capital controls now , but those damage the industry . 
  i do n't understand ? 
  the agreekement is even more recent . 
   huge trust fund , worth 50 billion . 
  with that money , coming from selling greek government assets , a huge chunk of the debt will be paid back . 
  i could imagine another trust fund beeing set up within 5 years lol . 
  the trust fund is 20 % of greece 's gdp , in german terms that would be 770bn . 
  where would you find the same assets again 5 years down the road ? 
  if i am not mistaken the take-over of the gdr cost between 1.5 and 2 tn eur . 
  there is no way germany could have financed that by selling assets . 
   but greece has so many valuable assests that it could easily pay back its loans , if those were liquidated is that what they believe in bavaria ? 
  easy answer : in germany , if you declare bankruptcy , you have to live a very frugal life for 7 years . 
  after that , your debt is forgotten ( some conditions apply ) . 
  i guess greeks would sign up in an instant . 
  complex answer : a country is not a person , the economical problems of a bankruptcy are different . 
  social answer : one of the poorer countries gets a beating right now in the name of one of the richest ( mostly ) . 
  does n't exactly appeal to people 's sense of fairness . 
  hopefully they 'll build more of those super-beautiful tu-160 . 
  i 'm all for conspiracy plots , but the german economy was doing fine without the low eur . 
  qe + low eur is creating housing market and wage bubbles over here . 
  we could as well just reduce the eu to a free-trade zone , get rid of the riff-raff and morph the ep into an ez parliament . 
  yuo workings , not living off bailout monies !, 
  that 's so dark , are you german ? 
  then making the ecb politically independent and locating it in germany was a spectacularly bad idea . 
  no , it was the price germany had to pay to france for reunification . 
  that 's all we have as opposition in the bundestag right now . 
  just a heads-up on the opposition in the bundestag :  gerhard schick , the financial expert of the green party , accused the finance minister of acting `` extremely dangerously '' concerning his proposals for a temporary exit of greece from the eurozone . 
  `` with his grexit plan sch\u00e4uble was calling for the division of europe , '' he said . 
  he called sch\u00e4uble 's plan `` a completely new negotiating position '' , which had been tabled without the approval of the rest of the german government . 
   the deputy leader of the far-left linke , dietmar bartsch , meanwhile accused the german government of extortion . 
  `` this negotiation result is a german diktat and nothing other than blackmail , '' he told german television . 
  as we have a grand coalition , the opposition get 's much less media coverage than usual . 
  uh , the question was `` should the uk leave the european union ? 
  not yet , i am sure it will be leaked within the day . 
  i do n't think the eu was first about mutual support . 
  the ez was about everything * but * mutual support . 
  not that i condone the actions of my gov ' t over the last days , though . 
  you are right , thanks . 
  was hung up on the historical gdp . 
  i have no idea what the efsm treaties and amendments say . 
  if the british ( danish ... ) objections are legally valid , i ca n't see the eu overruling them . 
  if britain just got a handshake and some nice words , the eu can use that fund and they probably will . 
  * shrugs * i see your point , however i tend to postpone judgment over institutions until after some time has passed . 
  that might not please the twitter-kneejerk-reaction crowd , but i have yet to see a crisis of this dimension resolved the institutions involved do n't commit some major blunders . 
  incredible work , thanks a lot , 
   he ec is now recommending efsm funds to be tapped for bridge financing i can hear / u/trucidator uncorking champagne right now ... 
  i am not sure the eu ( or ez for that matter ) suffers from a lack of institutions . 
  creating a new parliament is a nice and democratic thing . 
  deciding on the hairy stuff like a default charter for ez members , transfer payments or shared medical or unemployment insurance would be much harder , though . 
  yes , unless i am misunderstanding things , the whole monday-night agreement is very much in danger right now . 
  i guess the imf is forcing the eurozone into either a debt cut or transfer payments . 
  imf debt is never cut . 
  that 's just how it works . 
  the imf is forcing the eurozone 's hand . 
  lashings will continue until mood improves !,
