  unfortunately i see no way out of that . 
  and that 's coming from a senior armchair analyst with a proven track record !, 
  come on man , i did * not * imply that the root source of a probable failure are strikes or resistance , we both know this program and the way it is forced is hare-brained . 
  the ( in ) famous lack of ownership and most likely strikes and feet-dragging will just be the obvious immediate reasons . 
  please do cut me some slack that i wo n't always drill down to the layers of problems that make the emu hardly sustainable and the current setup of program after program bound to fail . 
  i just do n't feel like always writing a long essay dissecting the root causes when the question was simply about `` when will it hit the wall again '' . 
  wrong link . 
  i want this too : /, 
  first , they must come to a deal at all . 
  currently , in the ez parliaments , approval to start negotiations is sought . 
  it is not totally clear that they 'll be able to hammer out an agreement and find the funding . 
  then it all depends on the worldwide economy , the pace of implementation of reforms and the swiftness of investments by the eu ( the juncker growth program ) this program is scheduled to run for three years . 
  if the implementation goes according to plan and the world economic climate stays friendly ( doubtful ) then greece will be back at a modest recovery in about 2 years . 
  that would leave one year to see it working and decide upon further actions as it runs out . 
  if the implementation does not go well ( strikes , resistance ) or the world economy contracts again , there will be troubles at one of the regular progress assessments and greece will find itself in the same situation as in late 2014 : disbursement of funds are stopped . 
   when germany started reunification , the west germans did n't lecture the east germans about their bloated soviet bureaucracy , or corruption , or give out loans conditional on the east germans privatising everything at firesale prices and introduceing neoliberal free market reforms ( this is what happened to russia ) . 
  as a german old enough to have witnessed the reunification , let me disagree here strongly . 
  all the east german state-owned companies were transferred to a trust fund called [ treuhand ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treuhandanstalt ) that sold them or closed them down . 
  most went at market rate without prior restructuring . 
  and the going rate for socialist companies with aging machinery and uncompetitive products was not great . 
  i think they laid off 60 % of the workforce in those companies before selling them . 
  houses , land , housing companies also were thrown on the market . 
  during several years , it was a fire-sale with all the less nice effects this has : shady owners took over , worker 's rights were gutted unless they lawyered up , a lot of land went for pennies on the mark value . 
  and while the west indeed transferred trillions to basically rebuild the whole country from the ground up , we had a good 15 years of not so very mild austerity . 
  i was back then in science and it was not pretty - even very promising projects were axed . 
  the sudden market expansion , transfer payments and rebuilding first created a short boom in the early 90 's and then a stagnation in the late 90 's and lasting till 2005 . 
  in the end , social security and unemployment were restructured to cut benefits , budgets were reduced and market liberalisation enacted . 
  the neo-liberal 2005 [ reforms of the social system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hartz_concept ) were squarely aimed at reducing welfare to get people to pick up work - any work . 
  i do n't think a 1:1 comparison with greece has a lot of merits , but let me say that the total annihilation of the gdr economy , slashing of wages and pensions did not go down well with the guys in the east . 
  the national trust fund was lead by personell from the west , those responsible for selling off land and companies were mostly twens from the west , most larger companies got bosses from the west installed ( same with the public service and administration ) and the 40 + workers in the east got the clear message that they were redundant and no one cared . 
  for some 20 years , this has created a rift in the german society with westerners looking down on the dumb socialists and easterners loathing the smugness of the new ruling class . 
  they felt that their life 's work was discarded in the dust bin , and i ca n't blame them , because it was rubbed in frequently . 
  stereotyping went pretty far - the [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wessi ) article on ossi/wessi gives you an idea . 
  i think a lot of the lack of empathy for greece 's plight stems from that time - after 25 years , there 's still a 5.5 % surcharge on taxes to pay for the gdr , the rift in the german society between rich western states and eastern receiver states is still in memory , depression , alcoholism and poverty among jobless is still high in parts of the east , but most people would agree `` we made it , it was n't all rainbows and lolipops so others should bite the bullet now '' . 
  i think we are overdoing things here though ... 
  little eesti is still growing , 
  that 's a very good article , not falling into the national stereotyping traps most articles from the us/uk fall lately . 
  i honestly do n't know how to resolve this . 
  if we had a confederate union and it would be dominated by germans , everyone would be mad . 
  if we had no union and germany was the juggernaut , everyone would still be mad . 
  i just ca n't see a federation in my lifetime where all ez countries are one . 
  maybe germany could formulate a mission like the usa has - exceptional country , determined to and burdened with playing a hegemonial role . 
  i just do n't think that would go down any better - even if it implied giving more money and aiding other eu countries more . 
  the eur was invented precisely because everyone was dependent on german and with reunification there were clear signs that germany would become the predominant economy . 
  that it has a lot of deep-seated architectural problems is our fault as much as yours . 
  in the end , if voters in other countries choose to blame germany for everything , there 's not much we can do . 
  there are some legit reasons to blame us , but in the end , their domestic politics has to look out for them first . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  people buy stuff from china like crazy and that 's not the nicest country . 
  japan never came to grips with its past and they do well . 
  one could make the case that the us of a is not the nicest country but pretty robust in dealing with smaller ones and people just crave iphones and android gear . 
  i doubt you sold your car just because the oil companies behave like pigs in developing countries , regularly destroy parts of the ocean and are in bed with our fundamentalist friends in saudi-arabia . 
  i think the ham-handed way germany treats greece is morally wrong . 
  but we somehow found ourselves in the leadership position in europe - and in that position , your country will always polarize . 
  i dunno , it was in a restaurant in slovakia and they were sliced , covered in flour and fried . 
  they tasted fatty and i burped the whole evening and got that fatty taste of intestines on my tongue ... do n't know if i would like to eat a guy 's testicles , maybe they are tastier , 
  tried fried bull 's testicles once . 
  that was one nasty taste : /, 
   and so could be hurt badly by #boycottgermany thanks , i needed that laugh . 
  just go to one of the more leftist forums and look how the burgers are vilified for everything they do - if they invade iraq they are the demons , if they pull back , they are accused of leaving a mess behind instead of cleaning it up . 
  read the reader forums on the supposedly quality mags faz , welt or spiegel to see how greeks are stereotyped . 
  look at the choice words some people have to say about jews or muslims ... we just get our fair share , not every country can be cute like eesti , 
  yeah , they were the first victims ^ ^ tm . 
  instead they try to steal mozart from us : /, 
  i do n't feel hated ** at all ** . 
  wherever i go ( with very few exceptions ) , i receive warm welcomes , people are friendly and if the topic of the conversation ever comes to germany or the germans , we usually get a fuckload of respect . 
  depending on the education and interest , the respect is either for achievements in soccer ( hear that , brazil ? 
  ) , in car-building or how we deal with the less glorious parts of our history . 
  compared with the reception muslims , africans or gypsies get , i feel totally privileged . 
  the only time where the vibes can get very negative is on the net . 
  but that 's not limited to germans and one of the benefits of being old is that i do n't give that many fucks if someone tries his hand at guilt-tripping me over hitler . 
  that 's not to say i can not be provoked by some moron acting up , but the times are long past where that has lasted longer than a quarter of an hour . 
  if you want to get to grips with being easily provoked by people , go to the / int / boards on krautchan or 4chan and discuss with people . 
  it really helps , 
  fuck yeah , shut up and take my vote !, 
  ah , that probably explains why samaras came to berlin in fall 2014 and asked that some measures should be postponed . 
  merkel and sch\u00e4uble rejected him - something i always thought strange and not very wise because it led to the elections that brought syriza in . 
  seems they already had completely lost trust in him back then . 
  does it still matter ? 
  greece is looking at another 4-5 % of gdp drop this year , you can chalk this up to syriza . 
  meanwhile ignoring the crying kid ? 
  probably could n't take her into his arms as this would be sexual harassment ... 
  less ham-handed i guess . 
  i mean between denying greece endless transfers and dictating them terms like it was done are a lot of additional possibilities . 
  it 's only in [ 14 cities ] ( http://europe.newsweek.com/germans-protest-governments-treatment-greece-330421 ) ... 
  i wonder how one of the better speakers than merkel , let 's say obama would have handled the situation ? 
  hehe , all that twitter rage is delicious !, 
  it 's never been easier to vent and feel good about changing the world . 
  sounds about right , 
  i should think that it 's for the best if redditors of both affected nations do n't try to estimate what 's more frequent , nothing good will come off that . 
  there were some ugly caricatures about greece lately and in the beginning of the year , there was quite some anti-greek circlejerking going on . 
  with the recent developments , i am not surprised sentiments like that crop up - i just wish people would not submit them or the mods would decisively delete them . 
  i think it was a complete disaster . 
  ca n't blame here , i would have mishandled it even worse i guess . 
  german twitter is [ completely furious ] ( https://twitter.com/hashtag/merkelstreichelt ) , though , 
  so we are back to character assassinations via taking things out of context to smear people via half-truth . 
  the amount of nationalism creeping up is sickening . 
  greek redditors , what kind of paper is protothema , is it comparable to bild ? 
  how she tried to console that kid though ... 
  at least in germany , but i guess in a lot of european countries , this would be unconstitutional .
