  i have no doubt sch\u00e4uble wants greece out , but the rest is pure paranoia . 
  most likely he wants greece out so the ez can focus on other things than a recurring problem . 
  are they the most efficient also ? 
  in the case of bavaria : they became that productive only after the war and the loss of the protestant middle and eastern parts . 
  that was evil , 
  that made me smile so much . 
  i want this kind of storyline description for every french posting , 
  because i am not allowed to be sad about the damage to my own country , right ? 
  what kind of mental gymnastics leads you to think the destruction of half of europe does not matter to me ? 
  i meant the whole of the high tatras , both on the slovak side and zakopane . 
  but i was especially blown away by poprad , 
  that 's what every child bully says : the other one started , i am just playing along . 
  i doubt syriza needs a few years to come back asking for more ... 
  probably happened in belgium and they used whatever they have ... 
  no , there 's a second locomotive behind the steamy thing : http://imgur.com/rp5ctn7, 
  i have to agree here . 
  germans ( excluding those in munich and frankfurt ) are more careful drivers , but the italians ( and greeks ) are just wizards . 
  frankly i am torn on this . 
  if there was a truly democratic referendum in crimea now , it 's outcome is not hard to predict - it would be in favor of russia . 
  so on the one hand , russia 's shenanigans should not be rewarded , on the other hand , i am not sure why the territorial integrity of countries is sacred . 
  against an external aggression , ok , but if the will of the inhabitants of a certain territory is to secede , why block this with all means ? 
  i know territorial integrity is an established rule in international relations , but obviously it has been hollowed out since the nuremburg trials ( abusive countries do n't enjoy this protection any more ) . 
  so why not go more democratic ? 
  in this regard , the scottish referendum was a glowing testimony to uk democracy , whereas spain got it wrong . 
   germany is led by assholes , that much is clear . 
  most germans seem like assholes to me too , but who could say nice national stereotyping , mate . 
  just do n't get all salty next time the wind blows in your face . 
  i really like their way . 
  they are as tough as we are concerning the substance of the discussion , but more elegant and flexible in their tone . 
  maybe they can adapt to krauts , but i usually find it easy to understand what they are aiming for , that makes them seem intelligent . 
  unless i stumble across british tourists . 
  they are like russians , horrible . 
  no , i have constant misunderstandings with americans because i take them at face value . 
  i just do n't know their entries in the translation table and in a business meeting ( especially via telephone ) i am busy following english and the topic . 
  i could do without having to do a social translation too . 
  that sounds like the swiss - but they additionally think you are rude and are miffed . 
  i like the dutch , they are as blunt as we are . 
  very well , this was * long * overdue . 
  i know , i know . 
  reading the descriptions of varoufakis - an intelligent guy who knows what he 's talking about - made me itch . 
  this extremely figurative language of him is unbearable !, 
   when they say yes , they mean yes . 
  when they say no , they mean no . 
  it is all very simple . 
  that drives me completely crazy dealing with the french or americans . 
  french people never seem to say what they mean and americans seem incapable of being direct . 
  they say `` yes , that 's a great idea '' and mean `` that 's total bullshit '' . 
  how can you work together like that ? 
  germany came from a different tradition , the `` german michel '' of old was not exactly a lazy slob , but someone who loved to rest , would not break his back over work and live frugal . 
  in the industrial revolution , germany was lagging at first , being fragmented in lots of small kingdoms . 
  but especially in prussia , there was a drive towards catching up to the world-leaders ( france , britain ) in terms of education , military power and industrial capabilities ( a bit like japan post-meiji ) . 
  prussia invented a system of modestly well-payed and educated civil servants ( beamte ) and thoroughly modern military with a high degree of discipline but also delegation of responsibility . 
  good education and military discipline coupled with an entrepreneurial culture made germany an industrial powerhouse very soon . 
  and it transformed the country 's thinking away from a mainly agricultural towards an scientific/industrial focussing on efficiency and innovation . 
  that legacy was a blessing - and a curse when the nazis seized power , of course ... edit : i guess the protestant background of the dominant prussia also helped - afaik all protestant countries have a high work ethics . 
  give us some time . 
  i think politics have gotten a bit hasty in times of twitter . 
  you guys needed what , 200 years ? , to come together as one country , and you did not have to weld together a whole lot of nation-states . 
  the eu is * not * a union of 28 californias or texas ' , it comprises the 4 ^ th , 5 ^ th , 6 ^ th and 8 ^ th biggest economic powers , but also countries like bulgaria that are close to lebanon or iran in terms or gdp per capita . 
  even the eur zone has great economical tensions , bundling together some of the most competitive economies and some that are decidedly uncompetitive . 
  hell , the post-socialist countries are still suffering from socialist times and those are 25 years gone . 
  americans simply seem unable to understand that simple keynesian deficit-spending works for a developed economy in a cyclical slump . 
  if you have a country that used keynesian recipes in good times to prop up their economy and is closer to a developing country in terms of ease of doing business , you have a very good chance to burn money there without lasting effects . 
  unless the eur collapses in the next years ( due to the next big worldwide economic crisis , say ) , i can see it growing working institutions and becoming more of a true currency like the usd . 
  but in 20 years , not in 5 . 
  i still believe there will be a european federal union - but i am equally sure i will not live long enough to see it . 
  expecting a powerful united european state that pulls the same weight as the usa is just ... naive ? 
  i do n't know how i feel about this . 
  i certainly do n't want my country to act like the class bully and bild and conservative media have done everything to rile up people . 
  with a little help from syriza and greek demonstrators , they have turned a lot of otherwise nice people into a nationalist mob , that 's really sad . 
  on the other hand , i am not sure if the german government has behaved like assholes . 
  the emu has a lot of warts and birth defects , in the good years no one did anything to fill in the missing pieces . 
  then , as the crisis broke , it became clear that greece had not played by the rules and the missing pieces nearly imploded the emu or at least would have forced a couple of countries out . 
  not only germany , but all the emu countries have been quite generous in giving guarantees to the esfs and esm - a mechanism that would have been unthinkable a couple of years before . 
  as a country , you can not lead by being nice all the time . 
  since germany has become the de-facto leader of europe , i do understand the americans better and how they get damned if they do and damned if they do n't . 
  i just hope , merkel & sch\u00e4uble do n't go for the jugular now but do their part to finalize the dirty compromise the greek mou is . 
  because that 's totally what this is about - sticking it to greece . 
  i do n't get it why people praise europe just to be rude in the next sentence . 
  our sense of humor is world-famous , 
  what kind of calamity , an avalanche ? 
  so , lombardy ... wan na marry ? 
  the map looked so much cleaner back then : /, 
  to many emotions about this, 
  i agree with all my heart !, 
  you are german , right ? 
  what ? 
  certainly not in the default subs i get . 
  worldnews sucks our dicks it 's no longer funny . 
   whereas even a month ago 59 % of germans wanted a so-called ` grexit ' , that number has now fallen below 50 % for the first time since february , and opposition is at a high of 37 % . 
   the rise of the sharing economy uhm , last time i checked it still is nothing more than a rounding error ... 
  aye , but did you look up economic projections 10 or 20 years down the road ? 
  i do n't think your country will be poor , far from it . 
  but unless those projections are way off , the decline in relevance that was arguably paused by eu membership will accelerate again . 
  at least from the analyses i read , there is nothing to indicate that your military will stay in the semi-relevant state of today either ( again , a fate that our countries share ) . 
   it is probably too early to evaluate them because they are based on old information and it seems those proposals will really not be enough the baltics are getting fierce on this ... 
  i think we just have to agree to disagree , but mind you , being irrelevant is not necessarily bad , switzerland does just fine regardless . 
  just anecdotal for your amusement , a chinese partner told me regarding the emu mess `` i think it would be wise to fix it without too much noise , because germany is no longer important '' at any rate , how 's the [ aircraft carriers coming along ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/mar/24/prince-of-wales-aircraft-carrier-makes-little-sense-report ) ? 
   massive cultural influence and soft-power tihi , those are the sure signs of decline . 
  the uk is in the same boat as france or germany .
