  hehe , too late for that . 
  western european regional powers are pretty much united on that issue . 
  russia is so daft they even managed to alienate germany . 
  but yeah , the ussr survived for 70 years in a continuous struggle with the west , no reason why russia should n't be poor and in a cold war for another 70 years . 
  well , then the west should sanction the shit out of russia , just for shit and giggles . 
  because we have the power to do so . 
   everyone should have liberal democracy in their country . 
  well , actually i happen to think that 's true until they come up with something better . 
  i just do n't think that western values are oppressive or alien to people from other areas . 
  given the choice , probably most people would choose a rule of law and some personal rights over uncertainty and arbitrary rules . 
   why the focus on british soft power ? 
  the gunboats are n't anything to shout about anymore . 
  i noticed you even separate bottles from ordinary trash for recycling . 
  very orderly . 
  eh , the referendum was illegal . 
  or do you simply want to say `` might makes right '' ? 
   a map of high-speed rail in europe whelp . 
  do n't look at our border regions , please . 
  ukraine has the constitutional right to keep crimea until a referendum in all ukraine decides otherwise . 
  great idea going to war with a nuclear power . 
  next . 
  the general population has always suffered , in any conflict , military or not . 
  you believe the inhabitants of hiroshima were all soldiers ? 
  you think the people of north korea love us for cutting them off international trade and aid ? 
  think again . 
  what kind of comparison is that ? 
  the occupation of cyprus was half a century ago . 
  if it happened today , you bet there would be a huge backlash against turkey . 
  and render fig leaves over the genitals ? 
  hurts the ioc financially , as the usa and the whole muslim world would stop televising the games . 
   anti-doping officials in russia are being stopped from testing athletes and are also being threatened by security services , says a new report . 
   the world anti-doping agency ( wada ) made its latest claims two days before russia finds out whether it can send athletes to the 2016 rio olympics . 
  http://www.bbc.com/sport/olympics/36542577 that 's a new quality , i 'd say . 
  you typically do n't have government thugs threatening doping monitors in other countries . 
  hang on , they have to wait and ask on every fucking border ? 
  good thing nato is scary enough on paper to keep the ruskies out - i 'd rather not know what would happen if they called the bluff . 
  in fact , it 's china . 
  the ecb still consists of delegates from each country of the emu . 
  and it will be independent from berlin . 
  yes , but that `` if '' is not as clear cut as our local idiots from the afd make it to be . 
  also : why blame refugees if ex-gdr neonazis declare `` nationally liberated zones '' ? 
  if islamists declare `` sharia zones '' , i am not going to blame the west for that . 
   nobody blames germany for being to active you do , in every fucking comment you write here . 
  and why ? 
  because germany does n't does what it does . 
  the uk is n't even in the emu , your whole line of reasoning is completely nonsensical , only there to trumpet your grudge against germany . 
   there 'll also be many bad apples in our society there always will be , in any society . 
  more or less the same discussion came up in the 1990 's with the balkan 's refugees and a little earlier with the ethnic germans coming out of russia . 
  both groups had a high crime rate for a short time and fears were widespread . 
  in the end , 70 % of ex-yugoslavians went back and the russians integrated . 
  we ca n't know the future , maybe the syrians will integrate , maybe there will be problems . 
  i just do n't believe that 1m in a country with 80m inhabitants will create the gloom and doom our populists from the afd promise . 
  oh , and the last muslim i worked together had a master in computer science and is now doing his phd in germany . 
  second generation asylum seeker . 
  and no , that does n't make the majority of refugees neurosurgeons , but that 's ok . 
   germany has no other choice than to hurt britain as much as it can and to sever as many ties as fast and brutal as possible . 
  it has to shock to have an impact on the markets . 
  dude , cut it out . 
  all you do is moaning and bitching about germany . 
  in reality , germany is closer to britain in terms of openness of the economy , international trade and economic liberalization than e.g. 
  to france . 
  germany will do shit to punish the uk , there is no reason for that . 
  indeed , that 's what we always have been . 
  other nations like the usa envy us for that . 
  that 's way too one-sided . 
  refugees are only a subset of immigrants , in fact muslims are just a subset . 
  there is a lot of migration into germany , and people from eu countries make up a huge portion of it . 
  of course there are problems and there will be more problems , especially in certain parts of the big cities where poverty meets a high percentage of migrants . 
  but i have two daughters going to kindergarden and there 's a healthy mix of germans , russians , ukrainians , turks , norwegians . 
  also : have fun in switzerland their muslim percentage is very similar to ours : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_by_country, 
  why is that dude tickling the other 's toes in the second image ? 
  national socialism is n't exactly new , 
  true , but with nationalism running rampant lately and muted growth perspectives across the continent , i am not holding my breath . 
  i am outright scared about the next presidential and general elections in france , they could well be the end of the eu . 
  i miss those harriers ... 
  in hard political questions as this , juncker does n't hold much power . 
  that 's the time when paris and berlin mostly call the shots . 
  the article basically states france wo n't . 
  also : big fat chance all countries will agree to the uk dragging their heels for ages . 
   cool so you want a member to leave the eu because you 're annoyed with their politicians and press ? 
  a sound reason . 
  that 's basically the gist of the brexit campaign , just in the reverse . 
  that should keep the russians at bay until the f-35c 's are delivered , 
  i just hope it holds up . 
  with the current wave of petty nationalism across europe , it remains to be seen if the franco/german love stands a stress-test . 
  not saying we are fair-weather friends , but there has n't been a rough period in the last 50 years or so . 
  and i 'd say that we can be sure only after a difficult time . 
  with all my heart . 
  i do n't think there are many european countries as close as france and germany . 
  do you even have planes that can land on that thing ? 
  denmark is buying f-35 . 
  thanks , people of kiev . 
  if they were muslims , no matter if radicalized or not , the whole sub would fall over themselves that 's proof islam and western societies just does n't mix . 
  since they are white english , they even get a free pass from that rag . 
  the funny thing is , the ice3 trains can run up to 330km/h ( 300 in germany ) . 
  their successors , the ice4 run 230/250km/h max ( depending on configuration ) . 
  the idea is that cities in germany are so close together that anything faster than 250km/h is basically a waste of money . 
  i am still not sure if i should buy this , but one thing is certain : whereas in france and spain they built completely new high-speed networks with the train stations frequently outside the cities , in germany the network is only partly new , most parts are simply modernized . 
  but at least in france and spain , speeds  300km/h are frequent . 
  not here , though .
