  get me the popcorn , because i can totally can not see how a third bailout package would pass the german parliament , let alone some others - netherlands , slovenia , finland ... 
  unless some deus ex machina emerges in the last hour , i can not see how a default can be averted . 
  that 's what i have been saying for some time ( and got a lot of fire for ) . 
  as the greek government is currently behaving , a hidden agenda is the simplest explanation . 
  hidden because a large percentage of the greek population would not like it , so finding a straw-man to blame would be ideal . 
  a point could be made for the creditor nations having the same hidden agenda ... 
  i am puzzled too . 
  but i believe the imf would regard a failure to pay up as a default and block any further payments to greece . 
  `` you place tanks in eastern europe , we have the right to also place tanks in eastern europe ! '', 
  first , i object to your medical analogy , i hear this way too often over here . 
  greece it not a gangrenous limb . 
  second , if portugal and ireland demand debt cuts , then the troika should review their claims . 
  if conditions in the help package are clearly out of touch with reality , then they should be revised . 
  if it 's simply the case of `` we 'd rather not pay '' like with the water tax , the creditor could still shrug their shoulders . 
  i doubt ireland would let the euro-zone implode . 
   so , cut greek debt to 120 % gdp that would still not work . 
  debt is at ~ 180 % of gdp right now , so i guess it would have to be halved to really make a change . 
  probably it would have to be reduced to the magical maastricht-60 % if all transfers were to stop afterwards . 
   greece already raised the retirement age to 67 . 
  you can check the retirement ages for eu countries ooops , ok , this still gets reported as `` not accomplished '' over here . 
  thanks for the correction . 
   starting a real tax service that can do more than automatic tax collection [ ... ] would take ages [ ... ] and a lot of money time to get started then ... 
  there has also been the offer at least from germany to send experts down there that help with starting a powerful tax authority . 
  i can see that this would be problematic in some ways , but if i were in their situation , i 'd at least try that offer . 
  just a heads up : the page is full of spam links `` buy ambien online '' and somesuch . 
  it could well spread malware as well . 
  ** you probably should not visit it ** , since the server seems to be compromised . 
  jesus , that 's some really bad reporting . 
  ca n't find any corroborating links in google news as well . 
  but yeah , it 's probably the lizard overlords that dominate bilderberg that told her what to do . 
   all this is about is protecting the banks from big losses ( for deceptive deals they knowingly made ) and nothing more . 
  humbug , the private sector holds only [ a very small percentage ] ( http://www.bloombergbriefs.com/content/uploads/sites/2/2015/01/ms_greece_whohurts.pdf ) of greek debt . 
  this is about protecting taxpayers and by proxy , protecting politician 's jobs . 
   it makes one wonder if anyone else owning large portions of the debts is even willing to step near a negotiation table . 
  that 's not so very surprising . 
  like the usa regularly are accused of worldwide wrongdoing because they have global power , germany is the leader of the creditor countries and will be the country in the limelight , smaller countries hiding behind our broad shoulders . 
  and of course , our national character and history makes it easy to call us out about being imperialist - something syriza has exploited to great effect . 
  but that was still conditional to the reforms . 
  since greece is incapable of biting the bullet , some one-sided adjustments on the creditor side would be warranted where the goals do n't make sense in any conceivable scenario . 
  if greece then still does not come around , it 's time to severe ties . 
   what do you propose to do ? 
  string them along by paying the imf interest till syriza either gets a clue or gets voted out . 
  then get rid of some of the more idiotic demands like a 4.5 % primary surplus target . 
  restructure and partly cancel debts . 
  and then have a frank conversation where i 'd tell them they have to increase their pension age from the current 55/60 years for public servants and employees respectively to a uniform 65 years , liberalize the labor market , reign in unions and install a tax authority . 
  on the other side install a pan-european unemployment benefits system that takes over maybe 30 % of unemployment costs and a pan-european transfer system for health insurance that also covers parts of the costs . 
  and then tell greeks in no uncertain terms that they wo n't be part of the transfer system until they did the reforms . 
  on the flip side they would get a right to the transfers once they implemented reforms . 
  the 3.5 % primary surplus target still strikes me as lunacy . 
  1.5 % for 10 years sounds somewhat reasonable and maybe after a audit 2 % after that . 
  i doubt germany ever had 3.5 % surplus for five years in a row . 
  certainly not in germany . 
  every major power left their sperm here at some point in history . 
  wait ... not the chinese i think . 
  no , the `` welt '' - article is not as racist as it seems , it 's wording is somewhat clumsy , but what it tries to say in the last paragraph is `` greeks were looked upon as some kind of mudskin bastards until they united under their banner . 
  this sparked a school of thinking ( philhellenism ) which unearthed the classic roots of greece and influenced the worldview of educated europeans - even to the extend that they wanted greece in the eu . 
  by recurring back to their proud antique history , they legitimized their nationhood in the face of mighty european interests and this triggered a chain of events that both destroyed the ottoman empire and the european order '' there are imo two legitimate ways to read the article and especially the last sentence : - greece 's modern statehood destroyed the european order and by some unexplained mystical contagion greece is now destroying the eu because the architects of the eu were too blinded by the ancient roots of greece - do n't mess with greece too much . 
  it might be a small country but with a tradition rooting in ancient times , they will stand up to mighty adversaries and give them a bloody nose . 
  the article is a typical example of german romantic and mystic thinking , full of the inevitability of history running its course and lacking in logic . 
  i fail to see the racism though . 
  but greece dropping out of the ez and maybe the eu could be a catastrophe . 
  i do n't really know . 
  i think greek politics are a complete basket case . 
  while syriza did not cause the current mess , they try to make everything worse with all their heart . 
  otoh , i am more angry about my own country and the rest of the ez than i have been for a long time . 
  europe always was about compromises so that no country fails . 
  we successfully stabilized spain , greece and portugal after the end of their relative dictatorships . 
  we stabilized eastern europe . 
  we failed yugoslavia because germany would not step up , but that was a really hard problem and germany had their hands full with the consequences of re-unification . 
  but now we just let greece fail because they elect utter morons . 
  that rubs me the wrong way . 
  in this case i still think the author has a point . 
  people will only suffer for so long and it would have been wise to celebrate the first signs of recovery with some relaxation of the terms ( and make a big fuzz about it ) . 
  also : the article is pretty nuanced , it also sheds light on the greek habit of dragging their feet when it comes to painful reforms - and how that habit has contributed to the hard stance of the creditor countries . 
  i want to see varoufakis as leia and merkel with a obi wan beard . 
  depends on how they manage their budget and especially their banking system . 
  they can not be thrown out of the eu but the ecb will have to cut their credit lines . 
  then all the collateral ( mostly greek state bonds ) their banks handed to the ecb for access to ela 's is gone , which would not be enough to cover losses . 
  greece would have to either nationalize the banking system or let the banks brutally fail . 
  if they could somehow keep a banking system running and a primary surplus , then they could just continue even though they 'd be in violation of a lot of treaties ( esp . 
  the one that makes the eur their legal tender ) . 
  that would be completely uncharted waters of course and would over the long run do a lot of damage to the credibility of the euro-zone . 
  i find this very peculiar . 
  this is some macho thinking where the big boss has the final word in everything . 
  if you you get on the good side of the don , then you win , else you lose big time . 
  i am afraid varoufakis and tsipras do n't understand that german politics is ( most of the time ) not like that . 
  to say nothing about european politics - i am not sure eg . 
  the finnish take orders from berlin . 
  even more likely they fully understand this and play dumb to get thrown out of the eur . 
  look at the `` pension spending , per 65 + '' graph . 
  it tells you that greece spends about 80 % of what germany spends per pensioner . 
  of course , greek 's gdp per person is way lower than germany 's , so that is one reason why the imf wants pensions cut . 
  pretty ease , but the imf was one of the conditions of the creditor countries to give the money to greece in the first place . 
  in part because of [ this ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/brussels/2015/02/27/greeces-pension-system-isnt-that-generous-after-all/ ) i would say, 
  it would still make sense , because it would boost consumption like nothing you have seen . 
  poor people are consumption-constrained by available money , the rich have a too high savings rates . 
  both is a problem for growth . 
  that 's true . 
  unfortunately , no one has come up with a working variable vat that increased with income . 
  as it stands , the poor get taxed high and merchants rich by pocketing half the money .
