  well , the leo costs between 7m and 10m per piece . 
  poland received something like 120 of those , that would end up up to between 800m and 1.2 b. 
  granted , those are used tanks , but my initial estimate was n't wrong . 
   as usual , the package price was incredibly cheap : just eur 180 million for 119 more tanks , plus range training fittings , machine guns , radios ; and assorted armored tractors , cars , and trucks . 
  especially as eu countries can not do their own trade agreements . 
  but you 'd be negotiating with the whole eu as equals , 
  if you pick your starting point , you can draw any picture you want . 
  the introductory price of eur was 1.17 usd and currently it stands at 1.1 usd . 
  so it is almost as stable as the usd and much more stable than the markka ever was . 
   they fear for the future of their community and they dislike what has happend to london and other places full of immigrans that do n't feel like britain anymore . 
  that 's all well and good , but if they are afraid for their communities then they should come up with forward-looking ideas how to salvage them . 
  those communities are to a high percentage old and poor , they just wo n't be like they are now in the future . 
  they will be even less like the were in their best days . 
   the same as the eastern european states , mostly homogenous , protest against migrants from mena , they see what 's happening in the west and do n't want to repeat it at home . 
  then they should take a hard look at [ demographic projections ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_european_union#demographic_future ) for their home countries . 
  while i fully recognize those are only projections , due ot the long generational cycle of humans , they are very probable . 
  to avert them , societies and politicians would have to change a lot to induce a baby boom . 
  those countries just wo n't be small islands of wealthy white europeans in a racially polluted world , shrinking societies face real economic hardships . 
  it 's easy to shrug this off as `` project fear '' because it is far in the future , but those communities or indeed countries that want to curb migration will just see their best and brightest working in the usa , sweden or the city of london . 
  interesting post , thank you . 
  i disagree with the conclusion , but i value what you write . 
   we have already had globalization before over a century ago . 
  it led to a disaster and to rise of extremist ideologies and policies i think that 's more coincidence than causation though . 
  the belle epoque got its name because it was indeed a time of extreme progress and a lot of people got better economically . 
  however , all good things must end and at the end of that epoch , a lot of crises shook the foundations of the societies back than ( just like now ) . 
  that led to the rise of nationalism ( which was rampant back then to begin with ) and deteriorating economic openness and trade freedom . 
  also , times of big , disruptive technological advances are typically times of increasing inequality , that is true now and was true back than . 
  and back then , there was hardly any social security so that the poor fell on very hard times . 
  in the end , it seems to me that the end of a phase technological advances combined with reduced economical openness led to the catastrophe of the 20 ^ th century . 
  and our current times seem eerily similar what with the oncoming second wave of digitization and growing inequality . 
  according to the data / u/tuliniemi [ is linking to ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4qsz9n/brexit_mess_scares_finns_away_from_eu_referendum/d4vy0of ) , trade with the eu is much bigger though . 
  `` buying '' in the usual sense that the german taxpayer pays 80 % , right ? 
  i do n't want my country to stay intact * at all costs * , especially if that means fucking over other countries . 
  that 's why i had very much mixed feelings about the way the german government treated greece lately . 
  typically in our populist times , that 's exactly what triggers even more populist anger , though, 
  true , britain is a very strong economy , finland a small country . 
  you do the math which one can take a massive blow more easily . 
  but you could have all those sweet trade agreements with other countries the day after fixit . 
  we do n't need imports of humour . 
  just like whisky , the best one is produced over here . 
  still a dick move to interfere in other countries like that . 
  true , a lot of goods in the supermarkets in greece were as expensive our even more than in germany, 
  probably because your are but working with startups . 
  the startup culture in berlin is amazing , far better than in munich, 
  not hyperinflation , though . 
  just more inflation pressure and more immigration if the country permits it . 
   would like more info on who decided the structure of the eu itself and the circumstances surrounding that your country did , my country did , all eu countries made sure the ep gets no real power . 
  it 's all in the eu treaties . 
  and now the eu gets all the blame . 
  the fucking nation states made sure the european parliament does n't get fiscal our legislative powers . 
  and now fucking nationalists blame the eu for that . 
  you forgot : - marine lepen voted in at the french presidential election in the first round . 
  the day after , thousands demand a re-vote because they only wanted to support her in the first round to fuck with the established parties . 
  - the german federal election results in a hung parliament where someone would have to form a coalition with the afd . 
  german politics paralysed . 
  all the state needs to do is raise wages across the economy - oh wait , we are n't a socialist country ? 
  what the state can do is spend more money on infrastructure and public sector wages to raise domestic demand, 
  ah , i see the brexiteers have awoken from the stupor, 
  they sure lost no time silencing him, 
  no , it wo n't and if you have an ounce of common sense you know it . 
  leaving the eu is one thing but starting a trade war on top would be simply moronic, 
  germany will try to moderate to soften the blow i guess because burning bridges is not in our best interest . 
  but germany well most likely not threaten eu coherence to cut the uk a sweetheart deal . 
  besides , well have federal elections next year and kneeling before country that just gave us the finger wo n't win votes . 
  expect some really nasty remarks out of germany starting next year . 
  ever looked up the ownership of british car makers ? 
  yeah , that will totally happen . 
  typically , the smaller partner has the bigger stick and will do more damage , exactly like in that case . 
  maybe its time to sober up from your nationalist binge and remember you still need a couple of partners . 
  if you really believe the german industry hires hit men , you need to have your had checked, 
  depends . 
  if the brexiteers stick to their guns , there will be free trade agreements - certainly covering the agricultural sector as well . 
  that 's true and therefore it should be eliminated . 
  the problem is that there is n't much else in northern ireland . 
  that 's the thing with democracy , though : we can blame populists till the cows come home , but in the end the voters are responsible . 
  that said , ukip , boris and the british media really did a fine job fucking over the people . 
  i usually do n't agree with kohl , but he has a point . 
  unfortunately his words do n't carry any weight anymore . 
  ugh , i have been reading this way too often to be comfortable . 
  if anything bad happens , you 'd bail us out , right guys ? 
  guys ? 
  well i hope the emu countries use the time to enact reforms that future-proof the system . 
  because if they do n't , i do n't know how this economic zone will not tear itself apart in the next recession, 
  and the need for a complete reconstruction of the infrastructure in the east . 
  it was like rebuilding a country after a war - extremely extensive but very good for the economy . 
  maybe we should have another war ... 
  that sounds awfully like `` nah , british voters will not actually vote to leave '', 
  damn , that referendum sure triggers a couple of mines . 
  now labour might split our at least go into a complete tailspin ? 
  incredible, 
  famous last words , my friend . 
  just you wait till the afd starts undermining the goodwill the eu still has over here . 
   this is just nonsense , and i think it stems from the fact that merkel and hollande would love the uk lose its influence in the eu at least when it comes to germany , that 's unlikely . 
  germany has some common interests with britain that go against french interests , like a free-market orientation and no protectionism . 
  more likely , merkel wants to nip in the bud the idea that britain can start clandestine negotiations with the eu now and play the troll to pressure the others into concessions . 
  and insecurities on that scale have never been good for the economy . 
  no way , you keep him !, 
  so what do you propose ? 
  as we all know us interventions are a miracle cure for problems in the middle east . 
  but really , it 's a bit rich for someone from a tax haven to lean back and lambast other countries over their inactivity .
