  germany is at the top of its game , a lot of people here feel they do n't want to share . 
  france turns hypernationalistic , austria is a basket-case when it comes to thinking beyond their own interests , the netherlands are scrooges by nature and i do n't see spain or italy pulling a lot of weight or driving further integration . 
  your guess is as good as mine , nobody really knows . 
  i 'd say they have to nationalize the banks , a country without banking is not going to do well . 
  seizing the accounts of the really rich will not be easy - for once a lot of their money is already in london or z\u00fcrich , and of course they will not simply look on but fight back . 
  as long as greece is an eu member , european courts will help them against syriza . 
  no oil , buddy . 
   i think putin will likely lend a hand with a better deal than the troika was willing to offer and tsipras probably already secured it before this eurogroup meeting i doubt it . 
  a better deal for russia probably , but putin is not a nice man , every deal will have a lot of thorns . 
  and i somehow doubt that russia will cough up the 20-40bn eur needed to secure greece 's budgets for the next years . 
  if tsipras goes down that road , he is dumber than i expected . 
  no , i think it 's simple . 
  tsipras & varoufakis want nothing to do with the `` neoliberal '' eurozone , so they fly greece into the ground to eject it from the ez . 
  since they do n't understand the consequences , they will have to step down once shit hits the fan big time . 
   i guess we will see a revival in the next month together with the british demands for reforms . 
  no , that ship has sailed . 
  i can not see how the ez countries could overcome their national interests . 
  and with the greek example , mistrust will be high for years to come . 
  yeah , occupying companies and breaking with capitalism is such a great idea . 
  iirc in the latest argentine crisis , btc was incredibly overvalued there because the only way to buy was via localbitcoin , which has a lot of problems , like theft . 
  hardly anyone wanted to sell btc for a local currency they could not export . 
  the same will happen in greece . 
   that the referendum would have been fine a month ago but not now . 
  i do n't know how you can read this from my posting . 
  at any rate it is dead wrong , the referendum would have been fine the months before . 
  i am not a lawyer , but if i understand things right , the ecb is forced to cut the lifeline . 
  i am pretty sure it hates this role , but it can not overstep its mandate . 
  the programme money they are talking about expires on june 30th . 
  if the parliaments had voted to free it till tuesday , everything would have been in order . 
  come wednesday , that money is no longer available . 
  technically the parliaments could probably still vote to extend the programme for a couple of weeks so the money does not expire . 
  but i doubt they would after that slap in the face . 
  i know : /, 
  quark is totally a german thing too . 
  you get it here in every supermarket . 
  basically the eurogroup threw out greece today and continued with 18 members . 
  that should make clear there will be no further talks . 
  does he really believe anyone from eurogroup still cares at this point ? 
  the v-man has severed the ties , there wo n't any further negotiations . 
  and from what dijsselbloem has said , the offer from yesterday is no longer on the table . 
  basically , unless syriza does a 180 \u00b0 till tomorrow , the money they were negotiating about for 4 months now is gone . 
  the government accepts only new drachma for taxes and pays out pensions and wages in it . 
  wait ... the taxes part might not work so well . 
  greek investors or which ones ? 
   hindsight is always 20/20 . 
  wait a minute , this comes with months and years of notice . 
  calling the referendum a couple of days after the deadline is pure trolling . 
  i do n't think the troika is blameless , but that last move is so completely and utterly moronic that i am still speechless . 
  exactly . 
  after first priorities , there are usually other considerations . 
  `` the euro area authorities stand ready to do whatever is necessary to ensure financial stability of the ** euro area ** '' ugh , that 's an ice-cold message . 
  no , the money in the programme is lost after june 30th : http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jun/27/greek-crisis-mps-referendum-tsipras-eurogroup-ministers-live#block-558ec11be4b024248ae9a317, 
  like it or not , money is serious business . 
  the next move would have to be by the ecb to cut the financial lifeline of the greek banks , the [ ela ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2015/02/economist-explains-5 ) , which has at this point been abused for a long time . 
  that means greek banks will have to close or at least stop withdrawals , which leads to a shortage of cash unless greeks have been stashing it away under the mattresses and take it out to pay for food . 
  probably the next step is capital controls ( could come as early as tomorrow ) so that the hemorrhaging of eur from greece stops . 
  after that , it is pretty unclear . 
  greece has issued a huge lot of bonds in london so they can not simply declare them void . 
  this means they probably can not raise any more money on the market , even if they introduce a new currency . 
  my guess is that we 'll see another crash of the greek economy half a year down the road and then mr. tsipras and varoufakis stepping down and blaming everyone but their own politics . 
  maybe riots , maybe a coup d'etat , who knows . 
  one thing is crystal clear to me : the rich will have to write down their investments a bit , but the poor and badly educated will suffer hard . 
  i know , right ? 
  at this rate , we 'll make it after russia and iran : / those fucking civil unions ... 
  same here , but i think it 's over now . 
  sexology ? 
   do we just default and `` learn from our mistakes ? '', 
  it pains me to say but that 's the most likely outcome . 
  after that dimopsifisma stunt , every other eurozone leader will be in a really bad mood . 
  i feel for the average greek . 
  a disorderly default and exit from the eur could be pretty brutal . 
  i hope you guys come out ok : /, 
  no , it is not supposed to work like that . 
  greece unfortunately has a tradition of populist governments that make a complete mess out of anything . 
  conducting a referendum after the declared deadline is just not very much in the spirit of democracy . 
   greeks have only 5 days to realise what this is all about and are supposed to make an informed choice . 
  in fact they may not even have the 5 days because unless the troika bends their own rules to the breaking point , greece will have defaulted and have no more cash . 
  is anyone surprised at this point ? 
  tsipras is doing what every populist does when the going gets tough : more grandstanding , more blaming the other side . 
  he was voted in on a promise that was bordering on madness : keep the eur and abolish the austerity conditions . 
  that fell flat within days , so he is turning to plan b : run the plane into the ground so greece gets forced out of the eur , then blame the others and erect a socialist paradise . 
  so , now grexit . 
  what 's your country ? 
  and who caused this ? 
  i bet the ecb and the ez governments have crisis plans to support a country with cash in case of a catastrophe . 
  you could airlift several tons of money in from frankfurt . 
   tsipras would probably accuse them of being undemocratic or suppressing the greek people 's opinion that 's exactly his game . 
  i have been saying this for weeks - the guy wants out of the eur and he is looking for a scapegoat . 
  and the stakes [ on the other side ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jun/27/greek-crisis-mps-referendum-tsipras-eurogroup-ministers-live#block-558e7a12e4b024248ae9a273 ) are getting higher too . 
  i guess it could if the echr sees it as a human-rights issue . 
  but i am not sure and the court does not have much of a track record strengthening individual rights against the government - see the [ spanner case ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_spanner ) or [ schalk & kopf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schalk_and_kopf_v_austria ), 
  the magic of google translate ... 
  cry me a river . 
  serves you right after spying on everyone , left and right . 
  also correct me if i am wrong , but i believe the whole eastern part is economically light years from the eu average and has mostly small farmers , low-profit agriculture and more or less self-sustained villages . 
  confronting such an economy with some of the most competitive in the world will lead to nasty shocks a backward rural economy is not prepared for . 
  especially since the eu will not want to step up its cohesion fund to pay for infrastructure and economical development on a grand scale . 
  one thing that would be a positive is that the eu has a track-record of pacifying societies with internal tensions ( spain , portugal post dictatorship , eastern europe post communism ) . 
  so the lingering kurdish conflict and the tensions with the armenians might benefit from eu membership , imo . 
   if i am to die just to pay them back , i would rather kill them from the first place but that 's a false dichotomy .
