  i guess he just wants to achieve his goals in return . 
  i guess that 's why the repayment schedule has been eased a couple of times and afaik the primary surplus target has also been eased . 
  no , he said it 's legally not possible as long as greece is in the ez , but would in fact be helpful . 
  that 's why he wanted greece out of the eur , `` temporarily '' ... 
  i ca n't think of a politician who denies greece * should * get it . 
  omg , the ancaps are on the loose again trying to push their voodoo economics . 
  not available in germany , fucking gema . 
  gf and me nude at the lake , she being visibly pregnant . 
  american couple nearby whispering and i heard the guy saying `` yes , but you know , it 's germany here , it 's normal , even in her state '' . 
  yeah , guess what , you come over here , you might see naked people if you visit a lake in the countryside !, 
  just deport the fuckers . 
  still , this is one thing where the whole eu should shoulder the monetary burden . 
   we can look at germany during ww2 , how much resistance was there from the germans living in that era ? 
  sure , but then there had not been a hitler before . 
  people do recognize history . 
  said the fat armchair general , 
  a quasi-fascist dictator like / u/tapapummi would provoke some backlash . 
  meaning ? 
   the euro is made by and for germany actually no . 
  germany was very reluctant to give up the mark back then . 
  it was a french invention , it just happens to work much better for us than for everyone else . 
  then we would have a civil war in the eu . 
  the country of [ sergey prokudin-gorsky ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sergey_prokudin-gorsky ) , producing photos like [ that one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sergey_prokudin-gorsky#/media/file:prokudin-gorskii-19.jpg ), 
   the eastern states are lacking money . 
  huh ? 
  they are basically leeching the stuff off western states for the last 25 years . 
  they have a better infrastructure than the west , they have bicycle roads over the fields - but with lanterns , because fuck money , the dough comes rolling in . 
  every fucking hamlet has a heated swimming pool paid for by the west . 
  i so much want to strangle the author of that table . 
  - spelling mistake - random coloring - making absolute numbers sticking out and you have to search for percentages . 
  - and what 's the data base for that table ? 
  would if have killed them if they included a url somewhere ? 
  so , paul , who 's your daddy now ? 
   we have siemens . 
  right , i did n't think about that . 
  so , we 'd need not two years , but ten . 
  no good . 
  without the codes , they are useless . 
  like every human does ... 
  tap water is perfectly safe to drink in the whole of germany . 
  ... thinking about the children ? 
  unfortunately that 's very likely . 
  i am no expert , but i believe enriching uranium to weapons-grade would take a lot of centrifuges or other specialized machinery . 
  building that would probably take more than a couple of months . 
  maybe the plutonium route would be easier , idk . 
  but yes , western european industrial countries should be considered virtual nuclear powers . 
   europe seems to think america should step in to defend it if anything actually happens without europe having to contribute much in the way of men and material . 
  the us wants that military supremacy . 
  germany could become a nuclear armed country in about two years , i 'd say - we have the scientific , technological and industrial power for that . 
  throughout the mediterranean it 's local language  german  english  everything else . 
  except for minorca , i guess, 
  what , the netherlands , holland and denmark are different countries ? 
   how do you perceive an ecb that invites commercial and private banking in its decision making process ? 
  sounds like a horror show , i do n't really understand the benefits . 
  the whole greek crisis started because private banks had too much leverage and instead of letting greece default and then deal with the fall-out , the ez went on a mission to prove to the world that all loans to ez members are safe . 
  considering how the private banks in the uk fucked with the libor , seeing how investment bankers take high-ranking positions at the fed later , i 'd say a clearer division between central and private banking is a good thing . 
  the absolute last thing i want is that libertarian wet dream , competing currencies . 
  germany : one large part of the population only looks at price , another large part wants ecologically produced food . 
  the dutch serve bread with chocolate and colored sugar crumbs to celebrate the birth of a child . 
  how do the girls like the welts ? 
  the [ wikipedia entry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_germany ) makes it sound as if the origin is not that clear cut but several competing theories exist . 
  i 've also heard the colors symbolize `` from slavery ( black ) through fight and blood ( red ) to glory ( gold ) '' . 
  but that 's maybe a later explanation . 
  we get a lot more people locked up indefinitely - not as a punishment but as a security measure ( `` sicherheitsverwahrung '' ) . 
  and i believe some sentences were hiked a couple of times . 
  like the uk or switzerland . 
  furthermore , we are in the hook to the tune of 90bn , so the multiple times are a joke . 
  notably , this system is under constant assault by the tabloids over here . 
  each and every sex crime in children is exploited to demand harsher conditions . 
  i actually found it fun to try to guess which greek character is what when i was there for holiday . 
  could have looked it up , but i decided not to . 
  wrong link i guess . 
  well , they should , for old time 's sake !, 
  that comparison is wrong though . 
  esperanto has a too small speaker community to gain traction . 
  latin alphabet is the most widely used ( in terms of countries ) and most widely read ( in terms of everything ) . 
  and therefore , esperanto has a superior enemy , english . 
  there 's no superior alternative to latin alphabet . 
  considering the current temperatures , it does n't seem so stupid . 
  brits talking about food us like germans judging jokes . 
  dill is delicious , no cucumber soup without it !, 
  like that dijon mustard that tastes exactly like l\u00f6wensenf ? 
  mustard on chips . 
  i swear that 's even worse than british food . 
  why not just give up the cyrillic or greek alphabet and adopt latin letters ? 
  germany got rid of s\u00fctterlin and fraktur and it has been a benefit . 
   the true condiment to fry is mustard . 
  what the hell , france ? 
  i thought you had tasty food figured out ? 
  how do croatian redditors view the uskok efforts ? 
  hear this guy , you little swedish savage !, 
  i 'd never use one of those . 
  the payout must be very small , so it 's not worth my time . 
   modern germany is normally portrayed more-or-less positively except where it always turns into reichtangle or cooks up some plan to invade the neighbors , given a chance  - italy 's part is exceptionally rough , it always fucks things up and no one wants a military alliance with it . 
  - the netherlands are usually the bright and cheerful guys . 
  - the uk is completely a mixed bag . 
  lots of tea-sipping and rambling about the old times , some military aggression . 
  - i think poland comes off as the most sympathetic country - a bit irresponsible , but most always good-natured and light-hearted . 
  at this point of technological development , does it really matter ? 
  if i want to navigate in a foreign country , i buy myself a sim card and use google maps .
