  and conversely the opposite : where people who share language , looks and culture are in separate countries ? 
  ireland bisected those are all examples of countries or regions conflicted , even bavaria though they will never try to separate . 
  and germany and austria ? 
  well , we had that anschluss ... europe has a complicated history , but for the countries that made up the holy roman empire , it 's a complex interaction between that entity and the later nation state - i am still trying to wrap my head around why a shaky construct like the hre could last 1000y and why it still influences the way a lot of people in the successor countries feel some belonging . 
  imo , the future will see a much bigger drive of regions to become independent , be it scotland , be it lombardy or catalonia or alto adige . 
  couple of years ago , i was confident that the eu could moderate those centrifugal forces by strengthening cross-border cooperation ( it works well between alsace and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ) , but lately , i am not so sure . 
  after the invention of the nation-state as the guiding narrative , it seems like regional ethnocentrism is the future - hopefully without further wars . 
  diluting the issue so that the whole eu is responsible and the ecb is to blame . 
  well done , wolfgang  i just do n't see anyone believing it . 
   now i was born in canada , so the idea of a huge , borderless land with a group of people rather loosely tied together based on an idea , where some of them do n't speak the same language or have the same culture , is completely normal to me . 
  that 's the problem - europe is where the nation state was invented , and europe was where the narrative of the countries were based on common looks , common language and common culture ( leaving out switzerland for a moment ) . 
  we lack a different idea what makes up an european country and what makes up the eu - and the original narrative , that the eu will prevent further wars , is kind of forgotten since the last generation that has witnessed ww ii is now mostly dead . 
  i am typically the first to poke fun at our eastern cousins , but the gdr was the first of the two germanies to decriminalize homosexual behaviour . 
   both shipping and tourism are exports for greece . 
  both of these would do better if greece were out of the euro tourism is doing actually quite good since turkey jumped the shark . 
   must take action to lower it or face sanctions i do n't think that 's accurate . 
  eu institutions will investigate , but only if the surplus is due to cheating rules will there be sanctions . 
  could you source your claim ? 
  they actually started building the thing back before wwii . 
  allied bombing stopped the works , and it remained unfinished till reunification . 
  i went there in 1990 and took some fotos . 
  the current aqueduct is completely new , though . 
  the river below is the elbe , the thing going overt the bridge is a canal that connects the eastern parts of germany with the western ones . 
  i think you are wrong . 
  mobility is lower than in the us , but there 's a whole lot of southern europeans living and working in germany now . 
  and the eu cohesion fund takes from the rich to develop the poor . 
  so who is paying them ? 
   many people here wonder whether this is starting to look like gleiwitz incident ? 
  you are at it again , poland , huh ? 
  keep it up guys , i know a lot of people in my social circle have you on our minds , 
  as you should be . 
  it 's absolutely great to see the people of romania fight against corruption . 
  our hearts and minds are with you , brothers !, 
  cheers guys . 
  i warms my heart to see that romanians do n't take that shit but crowd the streets . 
  you go , romania !, 
   the usa never wanted and will never want a strong eu except they encouraged the creation of the eu all the way . 
   since the fall of ussr , russia has n't done much to europe you seem to forget the wars against georgia and ukraine ? 
  and the constant threats against the baltics , sweden and finland ? 
   after all , a well integrated , united eu would be essentially a new superpower . 
  it would no longer be under heavy us influence , so the us probably wouldnt like it either . 
  they accept us as a united economy as it benefits them , but anything more is detrimental for their influence . 
  lay off the crack pipe , man . 
  the usa ( the sane usa pre-trump ) has every interest in a united europe so they have to deal with one entity instead of 30 . 
  a united europe would allow them to reduce their army over here and not worry about the next world war starting here . 
  that 's why the eu was helped along the way by the usa . 
  a lot of people here like to see the yanks as uncivilized brutes without culture , but they have a remarkable capability of strategic thinking and acting . 
  that 's why they helped germany up on our feet after the err slight mishap pre-45 . 
  that 's why they have good relations to countries like israel , egypt , vietnam ... 
  unfortunately , they also happen to be a tad bipolar . 
   sorry but how about the bold faced lies the bnd ( or merkel ) issues about spying ?? 
  [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) . 
  we can talk about the failings of the german gov ' t at length , but using it to muddy the water is a fallacy . 
  that 's ok , i guess . 
  a protestant theocracy and a muslim majority country would n't get along very well anyways . 
   they did n't endanger us before that either . 
  only a few years ago people asked themselves if we even need the nato anymore . 
  i was talking about the cold war . 
  the then-ussr was a major threat , and consequently , it was n't well-liked in the frg back then . 
  i am not blaming the majority of americans . 
  the problem is that he now represents the whole of the usa . 
  and that he is the commander in chief . 
   the real issue is the enmity and different political interests between the us and russia , as well as the us being a nato member . 
  if we leave out constant russian threats against eu members , that is . 
  not against germany , but the baltics , finland , sweden  the cooling of ties between eu and us would probably lead to a closer russian-european relationship and could potentially solve any kind of russian threat well , except russia has the same endgame in mind as trump : divide and conquer the eu . 
  so , in a sense , it would solve the problem of russian threats , if we simply bow before them , yes . 
  true , but not 20 % . 
  what shared history , fascism ? 
  we do n't do that anymore . 
  after bush `` axis of the weasels '' , obama 's `` us , spying on your chancellor ? 
  na , we wo n't do that anymore '' burnt a lot of goodwill and trust , indeed . 
  obama 's saving grace was his eloquence and intelligence . 
  that 's not something that 's true of trump . 
  and / u/executivemonkey is the most elegant troll i know - and i mean in a good sense , his trolling is pure art . 
  there is a lot of rooting for the perceived underdog over here . 
  many feel russia had been played by the usa after the breakup of the ussr . 
  also , germans and russians have a long-standing `` spiritual '' connection as two nations with a preference for the romantic over the rational . 
  and lastly , russia does n't endanger us directly any more - they have ukraine to maul now . 
  in fact , russian politicians have been mostly polite towards germany , whereas we were vilified and ridiculed under the bush administration . 
  the boldfaced lies obama issues about spying on our government were n't exactly helpful either ( although i am sure the russians are way worse , but they simply poison or shoot whistle-blowers ) personally , i do n't trust russia at all , but i would have to lie if i had to claim the usa in it 's current form is a dependable partner . 
  it sure feels like the ghosts of the past are rising from the graves again . 
  with brexit , putin , trump and the nationalist movements in the eastern european countries , the eu is in mortal danger . 
  and without the eu , who knows what 's next in europe . 
  i still hope things work out in the end , but it sure feels like an era of peace is coming to the end . 
  i ca n't really comment on that and i am feeling like i am stepping on thin ice - but that chapter is closed forever and it 's better for both countries . 
  but honest question : why do n't you emigrate ? 
  there 's lots of poles living in germany , uk ( ok , not the best destination right now ) or the usa . 
  jk , i am not a revisionist , just banterin . 
  germany is the only country where the capital region is markedly below average . 
  thanks , socialism . 
  that 's by the way the reason for the relatively large difference between richest and poorest region in germany . 
  gibe back schlesien and we can try again , 
  ah , it started out so promising , like in the good old times ... 
  you are clearly not a parent . 
  tits start to ache if milk is not drawn from them and can even get inflamed . 
  the breast pump would be on hand luggage if she thinks she needs to get rid of milk during the flight . 
  if there was a baby , the pump would not be in her hand luggage . 
  a big part of your allied countries did so to pressure brussels ( out to be more precise germany ) into giving them free handouts . 
  do n't get me wrong , i wish you all the best , godspeed and all . 
  i am just happy we are soon no longer in the same union .
