  debunk what , that the us gov ' t delivered chemical weapons to the rebels ? 
  i 'd rather the guy provided proof first before wasting my time . 
  i 'd rather you do n't join as well . 
  that would make the eu terribly lopsided and uhm with all due respect i think you should do your own thing and we stay great friends . 
  wait a minute ... 
  you savage , at least open a beer !, 
  what are you referring to ? 
  i would be completely thrilled , but i ca n't see this happening - neither on your side nor on ours is there any will to open talks on that . 
  what we 'll get is [ ceta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comprehensive_economic_and_trade_agreement ) which is kind of a thorny issue not least due to the investor-state dispute settlement provisions . 
  i do n't know what to think of them , / u/savannajeff would know more . 
  at any rate , most likely we will be in a more or less tariff-free economic zone come next year . 
  and that 's something . 
  i would , but since i am german i do n't understand humor , let alone self-referential humor . 
  exactly , this made it much less interesting . 
  people should have been given the chance to explain to which of the stereotypes they subscribe and which they personally find ridiculous . 
  * ahem *, 
   the swiss are n't taking in millions lol . 
  it gets better by the minute . 
  you ca n't . 
  i actually like it this way , 
  that 's probably the most preposterous and vile conspiracy theory i have heard in a looong time . 
  you better back that up , buddy . 
   bern - germany do n't tell the swiss ... 
  - your women all have those squeaky voices - you do n't get the epithet `` burgers '' for nothing - always inquiring about how you are and do n't want to know the answer - ca n't take a direct `` you are wrong and here 's why '' on the job - you are always smiling like the sun 's shining out of your ass . 
  and you only do this to make me feel european and grumpy . 
  seriously though , you are one of the more friendly nations if one meets you in person . 
   so please , bomb isis to the stone age and once they 're pacified to a level where they 're not such a big threat ... negotiate who comes after assad . 
  that 's going to really work well . 
  just like iraq , libya or afghanistan . 
  i really wonder how a talk like that goes ... - sweden : your excellency , would you mind explaining what the recent talk about consequences in case of nato accession means ? 
  - russia : your excellency , in case of nato accession , we 'd have to guard our territorial waters and airspace . 
  and a little nuke so easily slips away and levels a foreign capital . 
  something like that ? 
  awwww , that 's really moving - it means a lot to me , 
   mom \u00b4 s strawberry jam ohhhhh , home-made strawberry jam !, 
   i \u00b4 m from the littleredridinghood area . 
  https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/b5/65/89/b56589492524ea8f269013c937b0a69f.jpg looking good on you , 
  of course steinmeier has no clue , because honestly no one has . 
  i doubt the russians have any idea either , they just hope they can fuck up the country until no one moves , grosny-style . 
  i do n't think that 's a winning strategy , but we 'll see . 
   he is arguing that it represents a violation of freedom of speech . 
  the only way this makes sense is if he wants the law suit to fall flat so he can later claim he 's a martyr of collusion between eu institutions and eu courts . 
   i do n't think the grammar is much harder than that of german . 
  that 's not saying much . 
  check that , it 's saying a lot about how hard it must be , poor sods . 
  unlike the other countries who handled the syrian war so well ? 
   iceland were i believe the only country to hold their bankers responsible sure , but they also had one of the most irresponsible banking systems before - that 's what landed them in the mess . 
  i was n't talking about iceland post-crisis . 
  so you are picking some examples to torture the truth as you see fit according to your agenda ? 
  you seem oblivious of some binding legal constraints eu countries face . 
  what you wrote i can find nowhere in there . 
  are you incapable of understanding english or are you just lying ? 
  ok , source please ? 
  what 's that got to do with turkish people coming here ? 
  she did say come ? 
  irresponsible finances and going broke ... 
  which words ? 
  because we had a shortage of workers in the 50 's and 60 's . 
  we had lost a war and a huge percentage of men were either dead or missing . 
  turks could claim asylum in the 1970 's mainly . 
  would you mind elaborating what your one-sentence posts are implying ? 
  because they ca n't read and write , right ? 
  syrians * are * war refugees , so they * can * claim asylum . 
   if the churches wished to suppress scientific findings , it would have done so . 
  as it did when it had the power . 
  only secularization made that impossible . 
  funny thing that the scientific/industrial revolution happened after secularization . 
  how many turks can claim asylum here ? 
  she did not invite them . 
  she suspended the dublin rules for syrians . 
  i know it 's hard to understand the world is not black and white , but there it is . 
  also : un declaration of human rights , art . 
  14 , un convention relating to the status of refugees from 1951 . 
  and if you happen to come from a eu country , there 's [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/asylum/index_en.htm ) :  in the eu , an area of open borders and freedom of movement , countries share the same fundamental values and states need to have a joint approach to guarantee high standards of protection for refugees . 
  procedures must at the same time be fair and effective throughout the eu and impervious to abuse . 
  with this in mind , the eu states have committed to establishing a common european asylum system . 
  [ ... ]  asylum must not be a lottery . 
  eu member states have a shared responsibility to welcome asylum seekers in a dignified manner , ensuring they are treated fairly and that their case is examined to uniform standards so that , no matter where an applicant applies , the outcome will be similar . 
  germany has the same kind of media campaign in other countries to dissuade people who mistake asylum for a free-for-all ticket to europe . 
  we took in 100,000 's of people from former yugoslavia when there was a war . 
  now there is n't any more so they have no chance to stay here . 
   the royal family 's popularity will drop dramatically when charles becomes king no doubt about that , 
   a plethora of scientists , to say nothing of amazing thinkers in philosophy , belonged to some religion or other , very often christianity what the hell does this have anything to do with what i wrote ? 
  the church is and has constantly been fighting science . 
  that some members of christianity were scientists is neither here nor there . 
  has the catholic church come around to accepting that the earth is not flat yet ? 
  or are they still stuck debating if that new-fangled thing called evolution has any merit ? 
   while playing the accordion that 10h video loop of the stone-faced serbian soldiers playing the accordion , trumpet and electronic organ ... 
  i think my head never fully recovered . 
  i know  i just find it hard to wrap my head around it and find it mildly amusing . 
  i am not the guy who wants to bitch-slap people or deport kids and then hastily backtracks . 
   christianity and sciences have always gone together pretty well though , if you look throughout european history . 
  come on man , that 's just completely wrong . 
  christianity has been fighting against science for a thousand years now , no matter if you are talking about galilei , the big bang or stem-cell research . 
  i do n't mean to imply the current islam is better or equal to christianity when it comes to accepting science , but without the secularization in europe , science would still be hampered by those guys . 
  you have as much understanding for european values as some islamist . 
   wants the uk to be a republic , disbanding the royal family . 
  preposterous !, 
  mediocre is a completely different thing as fluent like you requested a couple of posts up , to say nothing of everyone :  by having everyone be fluent in english, 
  i still hold that there 's a difference between a satirical paper and a community where people talk * as persons * .
