  and i believe syriza does not understand the first thing about economics or capitalism , so i 'd be very afraid they turn the country into the next venezuela . 
  most likely there will be a continuation of current treaties . 
  i would n't expect greeks living in the eu will be treated as complete aliens - if worst came to worst , you 'd have to apply for resident status , but that should be easy . 
  that said , i still do n't believe greece will simply drop out of the eu . 
  i hope that after the referendum , both sides will find a way forward . 
  they used to have left-wing liberals like baum , but since over 10 years , they have turned into a nationalist , center-right soft libertarian party, 
  idk , i can live without the kind of patronage that the late fdp pursued , like the reduced vat for hotels . 
  that 's exactly the shit that brought greece down and is the polar opposite of liberal thinking . 
  to say nothing about the rampant antisemitism of the early-2000 's fdp . 
  iirc merkel makes a cool 100k/year , so the 700 eur will not hurt her . 
  they are not liberals , they are assholes . 
  yes :  almost all the paper money of the gdr ( about 100 billion mark , in 620 million banknotes with a volume of 4,500 m3 ( 160,000 cu ft ) , about 300 boxcars ) , including all the currency collected at the time of the monetary union and the never-used 200 and 500 mark banknotes , was placed into storage in 1990 and 1991 in two 300-metre ( 980 ft ) long sandstone caverns in the thekenberge near halberstadt . 
   greece ca n't introduce a currency without violating a bookshelf full of eu treaties , thus has to leave the eu to do so . 
  if the other ez states consent , i can not see the problem here . 
  that 's the managed process , if i get the afd right . 
  what you write about the imports is true , but in the end it helps balancing the budget . 
  people can no longer buy all the goods , so in essence a backdoor-austerity . 
  but that leads to higher exports relative to imports . 
  as i said , i am not exactly a fan of the afd , but the dim-witted approach of sch\u00e4uble is not better . 
   i recall that germany stored a lot of at least the paper money in an old mine . 
  no , the old deutschmarks were shredded and burned . 
  i hear alsace has some corruption issues lately ... 
  uhm , it 's already polish ? 
   he was second last , with 0.16 % of the votes . 
  that 's really sad for such an active politician . 
  ok , til i am a liberal . 
  crap , there 's no liberal party in germany . 
  only time will tell , huh ? 
  i 'd say ireland is back in the game , strong as ever , portugal and spain are doing ok ` ish . 
  the greek crisis will be the first test , but we 'll know only 10 years or so from now . 
   for the shake of argument you ca n't arrest officials/send the army . 
  ok sending the army would be disallowed in germany , but arresting officials is exactly what i would be hoping for . 
  if i ca n't use it for the sake of argument , i 'd hope the region would end up under direct federal financial supervision . 
  if that 's still not possible , i 'd hope they 'd secede and form a union with austria . 
  it 's called * m\u00e9gafil *, 
  hindsight is always 20/20 . 
  also mind that i suppose it was not just the worry about losing the banks but also the worry about what would happen to greece . 
  the country at that time was cut off from the monetary market and i can believe the idea of a default seemed much more frightening than today . 
   i 'm not sure if this happened because this part of the maastricht treaty is outdated as the result of growing ties among the member countries , or the result of lobbying by exposed foreign banks . 
  more likely it went this way because of the implosion of lehman 's and how it knocked the socks off the productive industries . 
  this scared everyone shitless . 
  that and `` we do n't want to lose our banks '' and `` we can not just let the greeks fall into the abyss '' . 
  it 's ok , we did n't want you in the eu anyways . 
  i have no idea . 
  i live under the impression that central banks do n't need to be recapitalized , because they can just conjure the stuff out of thin air . 
  but they will have a hell of a mark-to-market writedown ... 
  he 's got brass balls , that 's true . 
  what could the brics bank do for greece ? 
  honest question , i do n't quite understand its role here . 
  i am no fan of afd , but some of their proposed measures to get rid of greece and/or the eur make some sense . 
  for instance a debt cut in case of grexit . 
  or making sure a grexit happens not as an accident ( like right now ) but as a planned and managed process that does not destroy greece 's economy any further . 
  did sch\u00e4uble do anything like that ? 
  do we hear about a german contingency plan that ensures greece 's survival ? 
  nothing . 
  that 's either senile or just dumb . 
  we do n't need to talk about csu backbenchers , they are beyond demented . 
  he had turned into a nationalist russian mouthpiece . 
  the point is , many here do n't want their towns to turn into detroit at night . 
  he can oppose as much as he wants , he does n't have any say in the matter . 
  no way , tsipras wants out of the eur . 
  same here . 
  our beloved csu , the conservative local party of bavaria is especially guilty of this . 
  interesting read , thanks . 
  i doubt the situation is completely comparable since the usa was a federal state back then . 
  but that 's just one more reason to enforce a no-bailout clause in the eu now . 
  the `` bailouts '' for greece were a complete mess . 
  that 's not longer fine-tuned sardonic remarks , that has long since crossed into a petrified mind . 
  intellectually , he is notably past his prime . 
  just imagine the tables were turned , i.e. 
  v-man had all the power and sch\u00e4uble an impossible mandate and just his conviction . 
  it would have been like squashing a fly with a tank . 
  sch\u00e4uble is only popular because he is stone-walling every demand for change . 
  for an aging society like germany 's , that 's attractive and to hell with the consequences - after all there is hardly a next generation . 
  he is a pretty polarizing figure , but everyone on the center-right to right just adores him . 
  yes , if it was paid in yearly installments conditional on things like enforcing tax honesty , simplify collective bargaining rights , fully digital bureaucracy and eu budget oversight, 
   jesus v-man , i had such high hopes for you . 
  same here . 
  it 's so sad to see it end like that . 
  senile intransigence ( sch\u00e4uble ) meet creative irresponsibility ( varoufakis ) . 
  and one people has to suffer : /, 
  `` my feeling is that the pm is desperate [ ... ] all credible journalistic sources knew [ ... ] that at the back of his mind there was this ultimate thought [ i.e. 
  the referendum ] , in order to to avoid turning to the people 's verdict . 
  ** the pm 's ultimate goal is to gain a bit more time in power . 
  it 's a trick whose aim it is for [ the pm ] to avoid free fall ** '' that 's what tsipras [ had to say ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cif6plrwuaaqok8.jpg ) about the planned 2011 referendum - [ source ] ( https://twitter.com/finisterre67/status/614735467897077764/photo/1 ) i guess that 's exactly the motivation here . 
  is that so ? 
  which euro banks are you talking about ? 
   i am not saying that many things they asked troika all these months were n't right . 
  they were . 
  even the last proposal was in fact just kicking the can down the road and not a true solution to the problem . 
  i would n't argue that . 
  the troika shares a lot of the blame , that 's for sure . 
   but this referendum is their way out ... of the blame . 
  yeah , that 's what i termed moronic . 
  they gamble the future of the country so they do n't have to backtrack and lose power . 
  that 's pure irresponsibility . 
  at this point , i hope greece can make it and prosper out of the eur . 
  genius , i wonder why no one thought about this before . 
  greece has about 22m visitors/year , how many additional ones can you cram into the existing infrastructure ? 
  and of course injecting an additional 30bn is not the same as reducing debt by the same amount or giving the gov ' t the money to spend .
