  i ca n't read greece : /, 
  the problem with that is that it also reduces the income of farmers and livestock keepers . 
  that makes it less attractive to produce food which in turn can lead to shortages . 
  that 's in a nutshell why the ussr had to import food at times . 
  direct subsidies to the poor ensure that farmers still have an incentive to produce food while the most vulnerable wo n't have to go hungry . 
  shit , blew my cover !, 
   why did you choose a quote that was out of context to the thrust of the article ? 
  because the rest is a rehash of something we have been reading several times daily over the last couple of months . 
  precisely because everyone in media is on the same bandwagon over in the uk ( and of course the usa ) . 
   and wondering too if eurosceptism is not code for the anti-german sentiment that currently abounds . 
  at least someone from the uk is honest enough to spell it out as it is . 
  they are not , it 's a letter to the editor from one reader . 
  so the news rags are running out of stories and are turning to the farcical now ? 
  so , do you still have collective bargaining ? 
  [ some greeks tell me no ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3cj8a7/open_letter_to_the_antigreek_eastern_european/csw1865 ) , but there do not seem to be any corroborating sources . 
  i fear that your country is going to drop out of the eur . 
  in that case , the greek banking system is going to implode all of a sudden and your government will have to confiscate your savings ( over a certain threshold , but certainly not 100k eur , but lower ) . 
  so i guess a bail-in is in the cards that effectively will destroy as much private wealth . 
  in the end , those with huge wealth will be fine because their capital will be out of the country and the middle-class will have to pay up : /, 
  that is indeed a very good point . 
  thanks , 
  is there any source for this ? 
  it seems a bit elusive to say the least . 
  what 's wrong with direct subsidies to the poor ? 
   collective bargaining and agreements is one more thing that the greek government is fighting for , since the troika astonishingly banned it a few years ago as a part of forced austerity , slashing into the social fabric of the country . 
  anyone have details on this ? 
  i have seen it widely reported . 
  on the other hand , some source claimed it was not about abolishing collective bargaining rights , but that greece used to have an extremely complicated bargaining rights system stacking national , branch-specific and local collective agreements . 
  the list of prior actions from the creditors from ( 26 june 20h00 ) states :  launch a consultation process similar to that foreseen for the determination of the level of the minimum wage ( art . 
  103 of law 4172/2013 ) to review the existing frameworks of collective dismissals , industrial action , and collective bargaining , taking into account best practices elsewhere in europe . 
  further input to the review described above will be provided by international organisations , including the ilo . 
  the organization and timelines shall be drawn up in consultation with the institutions . 
  no changes to the current collective bargaining framework will be made prior to the conclusion of the review and in any case not before end-2015 . 
  that seems to indicate collective bargaining still exists in some form . 
   any and all collective bargaining rights have been abolished in greece since the 2012 bailout agreement . 
  is this really true ? 
  the creditor list of prior actions from ( 26 june 20h00 ) states  launch a consultation process similar to that foreseen for the determination of the level of the minimum wage ( art . 
  103 of law 4172/2013 ) to review the existing frameworks of collective dismissals , industrial action , and collective bargaining , taking into account best practices elsewhere in europe . 
  further input to the review described above will be provided by international organisations , including the ilo . 
  the organization and timelines shall be drawn up in consultation with the institutions . 
  no changes to the current collective bargaining framework will be made prior to the conclusion of the review and in any case not before end-2015 . 
  yeah , my bad . 
  with all my heart !, 
   currency reform in 1948 -- the u.s. army put an occupation currency into circulation , and gave it the neutral name of deutsche mark , as no emitting authority existed yet -- wiped out domestic public debt , the largest part of the 300 % of 1938 gdp mentioned above this was basically the mother of all wealth destructions . 
  maybe we should bail in greeks to the same amount . 
  not again : /, 
  caldera is a mountain that went boom , so it does n't count , 
  no , i do n't think they fit at all . 
  juncker goes for the direct physical contact , breaking into the `` safe zone '' of the others . 
  basically what he does is disregard diplomatic protocol and horsing around to make others feel awkward . 
  that might still be a dominance thing , but i do n't see how mst would be applicable here . 
   `` you have it , i do n't ! '', 
  is a very , very lazy justification for a request , especially when the greater good of society appeared to be mostly weed and beer . 
  sure , but in this case the analogy breaks . 
  it 's more like your bro comes to you and wants you to give him some money . 
  you have done this in the past and feel you do n't want this to become a regular thing . 
  your bro gets angry and reminds you how you got drunk back in high school and beat him over head with a chair and later when the police did you in , he paid your bail . 
  and you get uncomfortable and tell him that was 15 years ago and he has to stop bringing this up ... that 's why i think it 's toxic - too many feelings involved and hard to find a good analogy . 
   every government spending is bringing up the gdp , this would mean that they would have to pay twice in this case . 
  should reduce their appetite for big government spending : -   it would be a pleasant world if we could all repay our loans in terms that match our current financial situation , however that is unrealisitc trotzdem kannste einem nackten mann nicht in die tasche greifen , 
  now it 's a city , but not a mountain peak but an island , 
  pretty much anyone in europe was a bit reeling from the war , not even the british were really keeping their stiff upper lip - economically of course . 
  the only ones who still had money were the americans . 
  they lend a lot of money to everyone in western europe so the countries could rebuild their industry . 
  at the london debt conference in 1953 , the usa used a carrot-and-stick tactic to get paris and london on board for the german debt cut : they relaxed their lending and repayment terms both for germany and france/uk under the condition that those nod off a debt reduction and restructuring for germany . 
  in essence , both france and the uk got a debt restructuring as well . 
  still , i think some coupling of repayment to gdp growth only makes sense . 
  the next cyclical downturn in the world economy is due in maybe 2 years , then what ? 
  again talking about another round of expense cuts because greece ca n't keep a primary surplus in a recession ? 
  does not make too much sense to me . 
  i mean , most of the money is gone anyways . 
  themand ? 
  what ? 
  it 's from 26 june 20h00 ( friday night ) . 
  rejecting a 13 % vat on hotels sounds extremely odious to me , the only way i can understand this is a healthy `` fuck you , we are not going to reform anything '', 
  also i just read the troika proposal and they demanded 13 % vat on hotels . 
  i ca n't relate too much . 
  what it meant , what the reality in a country destroyed by war was , i do n't know . 
  i am extremely thankful that the americans pressed everyone into agreeing to the debt cut and that they gave the money for the marshall plan . 
  that i will never forget . 
  i think the issue has become toxic . 
  many germans feel like they received a debt cut and transfers once and now everyone sees them as their piggy bank . 
  people of other countries probably see us as scrooges . 
  both sides are right in a way , but i think nothing good will come off this discussion . 
   if such events were needed , it would partially nationalize the companies , force them to take a loss , and then sell it off as needed sure , but what constantly is forgotten is that in the us the companies were the source of the problem . 
  the us had an relatively easy time nationalizing fanny mae and freddy something - that was not possible with spain and greece . 
  in europe , the countries were illiquid/bankrupt and had to be propped up together with the lenders . 
  the fed is a true lender of last resort , the ecb is * not * . 
  europe had much less wiggle-room and institutionally was less well prepared . 
  germany post-lehman 's did nationalize banks much like the us , this just did not help greece very much . 
  looking back , it would have been better to let the countries go bankrupt , inject the euro zone banks with liquidity and then truly bail out the countries . 
  there 's only the little problem that back then , no banking union existed , no esm , esfs or any entity from the alphabet soup . 
  it gets my goat that americans constantly overlook that they had no sovereign debt crisis and therefore had an easy time politically to bail out or nationalize the private entities . 
  in europe at the same time , dogma had it that the no-bailout clause forbid one country giving loans to another one . 
   why is eu not wanting his proposals that tax the upper classes instead of the lower ones ? 
  wait , if i remember right , the syriza proposals were targeted at companies , not the upper crust . 
  sure , you are right and this has caused a lot of discontent over here . 
  however , hindsight is always 20/20 and people seemingly have completely forgotten what was going on in 2007/2008 . 
  after lehman 's collapse knocked the socks off the real economy , politicians and economists were scared absolutely shitless . 
  at that time , it was the safer bet to transfer private losses to the public sector and partly nationalize the banking system than standing by and watch the world economy fall into the abyss .
