  south africa and iran could n't keep it up . 
  that development in secrecy went really well for all countries that attempted it in the last 30 years or so . 
  it 's simply a pipe dream . 
  but that 's just my point . 
  people try to sweet-talk it , but it was n't so much against their government , but a clear vote they want nothing to do with ukraine but want to stay part of a rich nations club . 
  sorry bro , you are fucked . 
  ukraine ca n't get nukes , it will be sanctioned to hell and back if it tries to obtain them . 
  i fail to see the big victory for democracy if 1 % of the population believe their vote is enough to force a certain politic on the rest . 
  i do n't even think this is about collateral damage . 
  this is a direct vote of no confidence in ukraine . 
  the dutch just told them to fuck off . 
   why you would want to stay divided and weak is beyond most of us you are not alone in that . 
  it seems to me that europeans just do n't want to live a peaceful and prosperous life . 
  we need misery and strife . 
  i seem to recall that serbian terrorism started a small war some time ago , though . 
  but i could be mistaken . 
  there 's oil to be found under palmyra ? 
  i was way more afraid to go to nyc than paris . 
  probably geographical proximity . 
  i mean , i agree wholeheartedly , but do n't tell the czechs and romanians their country belonged to germany, 
  you seem to forget the 12m + refugees we had to integrate post-ww ii ? 
   that was most certainly not your original point . 
  oh yeah , go ahead and tell me what i meant . 
  yeah , one of the most notable features of islam is that it is a completely monolithic religion , so it makes sense to treat all muslims as one faceless mass . 
  my point still stands : being lumped together by someone else hurts - that 's why you just started barking . 
   heretofore-mostly-homogeneous society i mean , i would n't expect an american to know , but [ about 20 % of the population ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20131218/a-fifth-of-germans-have-migrant-roots ) over here has migrant roots . 
  but yeah , we still live in those oldish medieval towns with the thatched roofs ... that is only partly about germany , to a high degree it 's about the decline of whites in the us and the resulting pegida-ization over there . 
  if you take facebook feeds as a gauge of the political situation of your country , you kind of have lost control of your life . 
  thank you for that . 
   it 's such a frightening thing to admit their country is being taken over . '' that 's the sign of the agenda-pusher right here . 
  smug , complacent us officers still hurt from accusations their country is transformed into an orwellian paradise . 
  well you may be the exception and i sure do n't want to say everyone from the east is like that . 
  but communism is a total ideology and communist and post-communist societies are simply incompatible with free societies . 
  too much damage done to the fabric of society and the minds of the people . 
   being eastern european means nothing to us that 's certainly not the case viewed from western europe . 
  not to lump you all together , just saying how the socialist education damaged culture , societies and minds ... 
  you mean like you lump all muslims together ? 
  feels great at the receiving end , huh ? 
  whereas all muslim refugees are constantly blowing up shit , right ? 
  we had enough gang wars among former yugoslavians , but of course you are a superior race ... 
   but mouthpieces of american oligarchs are just fine , right ? 
  whataboutism . 
  downvote . 
  if only this were true of today 's europe . 
  just wait a couple of hours and you 'll hear the populists point fingers at belgium . 
  as a conscientious objector , i tended to people instead of getting drafted . 
  one of my clients was a sweet elderly couple . 
  the husband was becoming infirm and needed someone to help him undress and get to bed . 
  on the first evening they told me to not be shocked and as i helped undress him , he showed me the kz tattoo . 
  shit haunts you , believe me . 
  my grandfather was an architect building bridges and infrastructure . 
  when he was stationed at monowitz , he witnessed kind of a chain gang working at the autobahn and one worker got shot on-site . 
  kind of shocked , he and his colleagues went to a local church , but that was a polish church . 
  as they entered , the priest paused the sermon and everyone were staring them down till they left . 
  this powerful gesture drove the point home for him and he would get all morose and salty when he told me 50 years later . 
  it probably will all be dead , gone , and history when my generation is dead , but that 's still a couple of years away . 
  so the us is the bad guy as usual , huh ? 
  pegida-types are most likely celebrating now ... 
  belgium is just the easy target , that 's the whole west being attacked here . 
  thanks for that , turkey . 
  you do n't have it any easier these days . 
  how is your hand-waving going to help ? 
  25 years back , a lot of your compatriots were extremely glad we accepted them over here . 
  but yeah , do use this to dole out your nationalist shit . 
  a lot of that what gets lumped together as maintenance is just that : expansion of a piece of autobahn from 4 to 6 lanes or increasing the max speed of stretches of railroad . 
  in the end , it does n't matter so much - if they spend a couple of millions to improve track conditions so a train can run at the original design speed instead of slowing down , it improves the current situation and also injects money into the real economy . 
  the oecd definitions is : `` infrastructure investment covers spending on new transport construction and the improvement of the existing network . '', 
   the former european economic community founded by rome treaty was pacifist , democratic and progressist . 
  that all ended when we let in the eastern europeans , though . 
  big mistake . 
   monkeys humans are apes , not monkeys , though ... 
  about the number : see [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ao6lw/young_west_europeans_moving_to_czech_republic/d123w8m ) on how google translate fucked with me . 
  about the real numbers : yeah , that 's why i was mocking it . 
  intra-european migration is really one of the goals of the eu , so i am relatively sure the absolute majority of those migrated there for either a job or a partner . 
  the rest is pure agenda-pushing in that article . 
   google somehow separated the number 184 500 and therefore made it look like it went from 184 to 500 ok , this makes a lot of sense . 
  the world really is ending for western europe , huh ? 
  so google translate invented the 500 figure ? 
  i think it 's great that so many eu citizens live in the czech republic , it 's a beautiful country . 
  just to put numbers in perspective , in 2013 , 14 000 eu nationals migrated to czech republic . 
  in the same year , over 350 000 migrated to germany . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:immigration_by_citizenship,_2013_yb15.png ) ) . 
  also our rate of eu nationals to non-eu citizens was higher - obviously that changed last year , but the point is : inner-eu migration is nothing special , it 's what the eussr bureaucrats envisioned when they created the project . 
  considering the article is talking about 500 people , the breaking point for western europe will come very soon - the countries will simply not be able to keep up with that level of flight . 
  edit : for the numbers , see [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ao6lw/young_west_europeans_moving_to_czech_republic/d123w8m ), 
  considering the birth rates and average age , that 's hardly a surprise . 
  i do n't believe we 'll see eternal growth . 
  if i remember correctly , 1987 was simply a stock market crisis . 
  exactly . 
  switzerland does n't produce tanks , fighter jets or ships , so that money goes right out of the country . 
  it 's different for the us and the bigger eu countries ( france , uk , germany ) where it at least feeds the own industry . 
   you 'd still have to keep up appearances and spend some money so your other allies do n't get suspicious or resentful i 'd say this is precisely what most european nato members do . 
  apart from france and the uk , european countries only spend serious money on defense if they feel a concrete threat - germany in the 1970 's and 80 's , poland now . 
  once the threat becomes vague , spending is more pretend than anything else . 
  personally , i believe the us engages in a different but kind of related game of pretend : i do n't believe for a second the us would go on an all-out nuclear war over a handful european countries . 
  but they do a good job at pretending - and that 's what it takes to keep russia at bay . 
  i just hope no one ever calls the bluff of nato ... 
  dude , we regained our full sovereignty in the 4 +2 treaties around 1989 . 
  just knock it off , you are dead wrong . 
  actually it does .
