  is n't it splendid how that makes everyone happy ? 
  said . 
  let 's see how long it takes till we reach that 2 % mark . 
  my bet would be on longer than he is potus . 
  once the obstruction is gone , things get easier . 
  you are not completely wrong , but trump is against tt ( i ) p for completely different reasons than this sub . 
  people are the sovereign . 
  if they start electing criminals , there is every reason to blame them for what eventually might happen . 
  what ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  i would n't mind higher wages if it helps avoiding a trade war with the usa , 
  impressive . 
  how did that happen ? 
  very localized by also very severe thunderstorm in 2013 . 
  the downpour was so strong that the sewage system was overloaded and water poured into the subway station . 
  we have our own [ version of a light waterfall ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2kixtsh3bs ) in the subway in berlin ( that 's from 3.5 y ago ), 
  who says europe is going to sanction the uk ? 
  did n't work out , huh ? 
  it 's currently raining and the last remains of the snow have turned into dirty slush . 
  a three-year old is completely able to comprehend if you tell her something is dangerous , no need to beat him . 
  your link was copyright blocked here , but ndr has [ the original ] ( https://www.ndr.de/fernsehen/dinner-for-one-das-original,dinnerforone191.html ) . 
  and yeah , it has been a tradition in my family as well , 
  idealism . 
  i want the eu to succeed and i feel both a german and an european . 
  i do n't travel that much that visa-free travel is extremely important for me , but i 'd be super stoked to have a passport that reads : - citizen of the european union - nationality : german or something like that . 
  it 's a bit sad that national politicians never made the leap to offer those who really love the european idea the choice to express themselves . 
  what happened to giving people a choice ? 
  i 'd trade in the most powerful passport there is for a common european one . 
  well , the world - and the eu - have moved on . 
  if the brits find that does n't fit their needs , they should indeed leave , no hard feelings . 
  meh , history does n't repeat itself like that . 
  israel has always that ingrained racism . 
  they also ensured that in their neighborhood , dysfunctional states existed . 
  thanks , austria , you are a bro  tbh , i was n't surprised by that attack , we knew it was just a question of time . 
  after all , if the defenders have to win every time and the attacks only once , it 's clear that the attacks will win some time . 
  heartbreaking as it is , it was great to see leaflets with expressions of solidarity from tamil organizations and thai boxing clubs at the site . 
  when i was there , a group of gruff looking young arabs appeared , awkwardly clutching roses , paying their respect . 
  why not germanic ? 
  it 's not derived from germany , the country . 
  ft is very left-wing ? 
  then breitbart is centrist-right , or what ? 
  ft is from the traditional liberal/moderate conservative background , they just are n't partisan like most publications today , they offer space for different opinion as well, 
  eu does n't publish information : * look at those shady bureaucrats doing things in secret * eu publishes information : * bastards wasting my tax money and who 'd want propaganda anyways * clever . 
  i totally know my 2.5 yo daugther will have a field day with that sticker pack . 
  i am curious where on the furniture i will find them later . 
  coloring for germany is wrong , we are in the same bucket as austria and france . 
  it 's a tough call , are words and ideas more important than deeds ? 
  or can good deeds be so tarnished we 'd have to reject them ? 
  since the guy is dead , i 'd take the money and use it for the elderly - it 's not like he 'd get anything in return . 
  we are currently failing , it seems . 
  kind of . 
  i believed the u.k.was a mature democracy immune to populism and with a government that has the ability to plan ahead . 
  you are n't fooling anyone, 
  so i take it you defend alt right without every reading e.g. 
  way to go with the facts . 
  well , i have n't heard from a lot of muslims that people who are muslims should be thrown out , killed or kept in camps , so the reasons are different , the thinking is clearly the same . 
  how many muslims are there compared to how many of those neo-neo-nazis ? 
  and how many of them would have you killed for your beliefs , religion , skin tone ... ? 
  we try to do our best to stop the alt right from coming here , but what can we do with countries like the usa ? 
  i fear we - those who would go ahead towards a european nation - are getting the short end of the stick . 
  re-nationalization is the current trend and i do n't see this subsiding any time soon . 
  it 's an achievement we are n't at war any longer ( at least for now ) . 
  but most people cling to their language like i 'd their anchor in a alien world . 
  also , each country seems to think their way is superior to any other , no matter how shitty their county is in reality . 
  europeans do n't want to be happy or powerful or forward-looking . 
  we want to live in the past , avoid change and feel superior . 
  but they do n't . 
  the only point of galileo is to divert tax money to esa and arianespace . 
  does n't matter the system is pointless . 
  and cheese . 
  i do n't think the usa has switched off civilian gps over the eu at any time . 
  and if both it and the russian system are unavailable , this probably means we are at war . 
  i see galileo mostly as a hidden tax , since probably every navigation system in the eu has to support it and pay license fees . 
  gps over enemy territory is needed for targeting , so the usa would n't switch off the satellites . 
  but they can stop the unencrypted broadcasts only . 
  until we have a couple competing rocket providers , we will not see any economics of scale . 
  esa and arianespace are basically the pork barrel providers . 
  does anyone actually plan to use it ? 
  between gps and glonass it seems a bit redundant . 
   people like yourself - caring more about people 's feelings than their safety - do n't help . 
  hey you are the one making excuses for him acting like a dick because feels . 
   obody should make a drama of it , think about feelings of other people , but help the guy recover . 
  true , but he can recover somewhere , not at the very place he insulted . 
  do you care at all about the feelings of the security guys there ? 
  it was just a prank , * bro * :d now collect your teeth and smile . 
  i do n't have pity for him . 
  come to germany and behave like an asshole ? 
  that 's what it earns you . 
  maybe germany needs to sponsor secessionist tendencies in silesia ... 
  forget it , the territories are gone . 
  germany signed the 4 +2 treaties . 
  * vae victis * , usually there is no justice after war , but the winners just dictate the terms . 
  so , no chance we 'd get territories . 
  but the polish government can go fuck themselves , there are treaties that govern the reparations issue , and they know it . 
  it 's just an attempt at painting us the villains again mixed with an appeal to greed . 
  germany is currently seen as the piggy-bank of every struggling government that needs an external enemy . 
  i wonder when russia will come knocking . 
  i do n't believe it will get this bad for britain , that 's a lot of fear-mongering by all interested sides to pull may into a soft brexit , kicking and screaming . 
  but i wo n't complain if it gets that bad . 
  more money for europe .
