  that 's not entirely accurate . 
  if you want to work as a nurse our in some other jobs where the catholic church is one of the largest employers , you could get fired for being openly atheist or gay or divorced . 
  and that shit is even legal due to some 18th century treaty between church and state . 
  and of course there is still a major fight waiting in some parts of germany if you demand your kids are tought in a classroom without a corpse on the wall . 
  i do n't really care - i have given our various nude pics to interested parties , so i was fully aware of the possibility of them appearing somewhere for everyone to see . 
  now if the british secret service wants to rub one out to my dick , more power to them - even though i guess they are more interested in collecting underage nudes . 
  they hovering up every communication bothers me much more . 
  someone mentioned w\u00f6rk around here ? 
  where do i have to start ? 
   the eu bailed out french and german banks with money from all over europe . 
  this is only part of the truth . 
  yes , the money went to banks . 
  but it is also true that in the years before , greece issued that loans - it is not like the banks somehow tricked greece into overleveraging . 
  the banks did not gamble away the money . 
  it 's a bit tiresome that `` only banks were bailed out '' has become such a trueism here when in reality a country was helped to not default on their loans . 
  the cavalier attitude towards repaying loans around here frightens me and honestly it just adds to my reservations about the soundness of greek politics . 
  if you believe you can just shrug off loans then there should be restrictions in every other country on how much banks or the governments are allowed to lend to your country . 
  thanks for that detailed response , seems we are thinking along similar lines . 
   and i doubt it would be in the interest of any other eu member country to want a greek exit from the eu . 
  if you believe i am wrong in this , i would like to know what would the benefit , of a greek exit from the eu , be to any other eu country no , neither the euro zone as a whole nor any member state would profit from a greek exit . 
  even though the loans under british law would not go away , they still would not be served for ages and in effect must be written down by a huge percentage . 
  politically , it would create even more tensions and bad blood between southern and northern euro countries . 
  since the greek economy would probably implode and then linger for 10-20 years , the eu would have to implement some assistance programs lest people starve or at least civil unrest breaks out . 
  and of course , the underlying problem with the architecture of the euro zone , the lack of central oversight over member countries ' budgets , the lack of transfers between countries or at least some dampers like common unemployment benefits and health insurance would remain . 
  some years down the road , another country might hit a rough spot and the euro zone would not be better prepared . 
  unfortunately , i see no reason to be optimistic concerning reforms in the euro zone architecture . 
  `` fifth column '' originates from the spanish civil war , so no . 
  - brits are ugly and dress really bad ( with the exception of those wearing formal clothes ) - french are technocrats and pompous - fins are suicidal drunks - nordics are the complete master race in education , economics and good government - southern europeans spend their siesta in the sun - poles are amicable guys who steal our cars . 
  also can not into space - romanians are dirty gypsies and burglar our homes - the inhabitants of the balkans are born with a knife in their pocket - turks have that unhealthy preoccupation with their pride and respect while they do nothing to earn that respect . 
  - swiss are slow , they could n't catch snails if they tried . 
  also they speak a funny german that makes them sound like they inhabit a play version of germany, 
  cosmonaut is probably historically the most correct term , considering the ussr had the first guy in space . 
  i can get american exceptionalism since they had one of the most successful manned space program , but french trying to shove their name for a cosmonaut down everybody 's throat in europe is a bit rich . 
  exactly , and i can not comment on that with any level of real knowledge . 
  opinions in the media are different as well : - http://www.bbc.com/news/business-31457991 - http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/what-a-grexit-would-mean-for-greece-and-for-europe-a-1019542.html - http://www.businessinsider.com/this-is-what-happens-if-greece-exits-the-euro-2012-5?op=1&amp;ir=t, 
  interesting , we have the same unholy alliance between `` die linke '' ( far left ) and the far right wing , running from pegida to the npd . 
  there must be something about the usa and russia that makes russia more interesting to both radical ends of the spectrum - maybe it 's so simple that russia is no longer a real democracy . 
  the us , even though they are not currently the glowing democratic example , seem to unite populists of every camp against them . 
  once he gets elected as pm and moves into 10 downing st , we will , promise !, 
  maybe , i doubt it . 
  fool me once ... 
   there 's rather a catch-22 situation there . 
  if they can show that the money was stolen then it does n't have to be paid back . 
  if it 's a normal credit then , well , inflation of a zero interest loan has been such that germany could pay it all back tomorrow without breaking a sweat and without improving the greek situation more than only the tiniest amount . 
  that 's a tough needle to thread in a legal sense : proving that it was a simple commercial transaction but then arguing that it was under duress which is why no interest was charged . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2012/09/12/does-germany-really-owe-greece-a-etrillion-in-war-reparations-probably-not-no/ ) for some historical context :  in the early 1950s , negotiations were started between west germany and the creditor countries about what to do with all of this . 
  a solution was found - basically imposed again by the americans and to some extent by the british - that did two things . 
  first , it lumped together the war debts with the reparations - which is not an innocuous step to take . 
  second , it used slightly fuzzy language , which is open to interpretations , which said that settlement of these issues would be postponed until after future german reunification . 
  [ source ] ( http://truth-out.org/news/item/27261-germany-s-unpaid-debt-to-greece-albrecht-ritschl-on-germany-s-war-debts-and-reparations ), 
  where do you even send the money ? 
  and how ? 
  international money order or as a letter to varoufakis ? 
  so which eu country has severed diplomatic ties with russia ? 
  you sound more and more confused . 
  i am no economist , but what i understand is : - part of their debt is issued under british law , they will have a hard time getting it written off ( cue argentine ) - the part of debt they can not simply annihilate will rise with the depreciating currency because it was denominated in eur - without assistance of the ecb , they will have a hell of a time salvaging their banking system - the loans the banks have given out will be redenominated into their new soft money whereas the loans the banks took out will mostly/partly stay in eur - they would have a really hard time getting new loans on the international markets - i have read but never really understood the claim that an exit from the eur would also imply an exit from the eu . 
  more information here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_withdrawal_from_the_eurozone, 
  so basically you are comparing turkey with russia ? 
  turkey is waging a war in europe against ... whom ? 
  turkey is threatening denmark with nuclear annihilation ? 
  for crying out loud , turkey and germany are in the same freaking military alliance , whereas greece and russia - or will tsipras be talking about the eurasian federation next ? 
  predictions about socio-economical changes extrapolated to 2100 - that 's just a tad shady . 
  absolutely . 
  and everyone else is entitled to an opinion about the country if it actively supports a proto-fascist dictatorship in europe that conducts a hot war . 
  i find it mildly annoying that french redditors try to evoke the idea that european cosmonauts are french by using a french word that no one else ever used . 
  no german i know would think about using `` raumfahrer '' on an english-speaking site . 
  but yes , there are more important things . 
  uhm ... - we are spending about [ 16bn eur/year ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/interactive/index_en.cfm ) on the eu , whereas greece receives 5bn/year . 
  if they get poorer , they 'll receive more and we have to pay more . 
  - our exposure to the disaster is [ 75bn eur ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/blog/how-has-exposure-to-grexit-changed-during-the-crisis/ ) , this money is more or less gone . 
  - maybe tsipras is banking on a mild form of the [ manman theory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/madman_theory ) to try to force the eu into concessions - or he wants to stick it to the eu . 
  after all , he governs a left/right-wing populist coalition . 
  - or he sold out and hopes to reap the harvest after the sanctions expire . 
  i do n't know about you , but i tend to react more strongly if a head of state starts getting all cozy with a belligerent dictatorship that is conducting a war in europe than if some rumor is reported third-hand . 
  `` the bloomberg agency has analyzed a `` guest book '' of russian president vladimir putin and made a conclusion that such countries as cyprus , italy , greece , hungary , slovakia , austria , and spain are ready to abandon sanctions against russia , joinfo.ua reports . '', 
  that sounds official ... 
  since you obviously do n't know what you are talking about , let me help you : - most of the european union 's economic sanctions against moscow are set to expire in late july , and extending or expanding them will require a unanimous vote . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.stratfor.com/analysis/divisions-will-delay-eu-decision-russia-sanctions ) - until july 31st 2015 unanimity among the 28 eu member states is required to repeal the sanctions . 
  from that date , however , the burden of proof reverses and the sanctions will lapse unless there is a unanimous decision to renew some or all of them . 
  [ link ] ( http://country.eiu.com/article.aspx?articleid=1172365101 ), 
  afaik the sanctions need to be unanimous , i could be wrong , though . 
  this is exactly what i said - selling out to moscow to become their fifth column . 
  if you so choose , do n't bitch because you get called out . 
  well , it is the second meeting in a few weeks and while the `` do n't take us for granted '' remark about sanctions right after the election was justified , this is either not very subtle trolling of the rest of the eu or whoring out to putin . 
  a lot of western leaders have met putin over the last year , but none has reached this level of brown-nosing . 
  thank 's a lot , i am not surprised , 
  thanks for being a prime example of the victim complex i mentioned above and the made-up excuses for selling out to moscow . 
  i 'd rather wait for us figures on that , not rbth quoting putin ... 
  i do n't know if he has been living under a rock , but we have both a new cold war and a hot war in europe - since about a year now . 
  great , so we 're getting a fifth column of moscow in the eu . 
  and who 's to blame ? 
  of course austerity , germany , the eu , everyone outside of greece . 
  no way , if we need a specific european term , use raumfahrer . 
  but cosmonaut is still the best . 
  no , they would make a sickly sweet hollywood version out of it , together with a cobbled-together history how k\u00f6nigsberg was always russian . 
  just leave it like it is - so it can tell about the destruction of an ages-old culture by the soviets . 
  still , we should pay them the forced loans and set up a foundation for individual victims - a foundation under german leadership just so we have some sort of control over where funds go . 
  concerning war reparations , greece simply should sue us at the international court of justice and then we can lay this issue to rest . 
  either we 'd have to pay or they 'd have to shut up , easy as that . 
  it 's not about sterilization per se , but about `` sex reassignment surgery '' where your genitals are remade into those of the other gender .
