  turkey has no interest in making russia angry . 
  they did n't just make it in a vacuum . 
  they probably went to public schools , attended public universities , were protected by public police , employed people educated in public schools and so on . 
  for the greater good , it is better if the state forces the rich to part with some of their money instead of the poor starving in the streets . 
  ceta is basically the blueprint for ttip in a lot of aspects . 
   i am not american or european so my opinion does not matter . 
  * cough * ceta ? 
  not that i believe you knowing your posting history , but at least you need to subtract 80m people from those who never had the change of a referendum - in germany , there are no nationwide referendums except for territorial changes and adopting a new constitution . 
  our system is representative , not direct . 
   the staple of international law ever since it was invented is that treaties are n't really binding . 
  they 're just binding when it mostly suits you i am so not surprised to hear that from you . 
  in two or three days you 'll be bitching about how germany is so selfish ... 
  yeah , like for some guys , a muslim is automatically a throat-cutting islamist . 
  the uk explicitly negotiated an opt-out on that . 
  i really wonder what 's going on lately . 
  a lot of countries do n't seem to think treaties are meaningful or even binding . 
  greece does n't feel like paying debts , vysegrad countries do n't seem to think that the founding treaties of the club they joined have any meaning to them . 
  but muslims ? 
  incompatible culture , they * do n't stick to rules * !! 1 !, 
  probably would be equally uncomfortable for their child to turn out homosexual and heterosexual , 
   the eu has a democracy deficit , let 's get out of it  brexit campaigners to make the political running , partly funded by eurosceptic hedge fund executives . 
  hilarious , you ca n't make that up . 
  that document is the foundation of the eu . 
  if you joined the eu , you accepted that document . 
  if you do n't like it , you should leave the eu , that 's entirely possible . 
  i think you are trying to force facts to suit your agenda , but that 's fine . 
  of course in every country there had been alternatives , but they just did not make it to majority . 
  however , if you only count parties that made it to ruling party one time or another , then they all were pro . 
  but then the whole discussion is pointless . 
  bitch please . 
  i have been in the eu when you still worshiped brezhnev . 
  treaty of rome ( 1957 ) :  the treaty of rome was the founding treaty of the european economic community ( eec ) , which later became the eu . 
  also known as the treaty of the european community ( tec ) , all the subsequent european treaties have built upon or amended the treaty of rome and its provisions still form the majority of eu treaty law . 
  the treaty focused overwhelmingly on economic co-operation , but it also set out a wider political vision for ' ** an ever closer union ** ' to ` eliminate the barriers which divide europe ' . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.civitas.org.uk/eufacts/fstreat/tr1.php ) everyone could read that treaty before joining . 
  but styled as it is , it is a pretty clear endorsement of isis , or do i misunderstand something ? 
  everyone in the `` eu of six '' voted parties in power that invented and pushed for the ever closer union . 
  every country that joined in the 2000 's knew this was part of the eu as well . 
  in 2004 , the aim of a ever closer union was already part and parcel of the existing union , so you voted for it . 
  countries that wanted an exception had to say so , eg . 
  britain . 
  i had no idea isis operates a fan shop . 
  now that 's a backpack the edgy kids would n't dare to wear at school . 
  if that goes through , it can be used to completely turn ttip on it 's head when it comes to any kind of media . 
  otoh , i do n't really feel sorry , after what the us tries in the area of ip protection , such a grenade is well deserved . 
   it 's just in your wicked head that you think the black sheep has something to do with people 's skin colour . 
  thanks , i needed that laugh after my work week . 
   the dutch people have only to lose for the first 30 years atleast . 
  i doubt that 's true . 
  nl has an extreme export overhang because it is selling stuff to about every country in the world . 
  that would not be the case without cheap labor and free trade . 
  yes , lower paying jobs are no longer viable in a lot of western european countries , but that 's to be expected . 
  i still prefer a world where less people starve than 30 years ago because those jobs are now in asia , eastern europe ( ok , people were not starving there ) and south america . 
   it 's appears to be a totalitarian organization . 
  look dude ca n't you go somewhere else to be dumb ? 
  like telling everyone the usa is no better than north korea or something ? 
  wow , til . 
  that fisherman was a clever guy , 
  same here . 
  my money would be on russia taking mariupol and carpet-bombing ukrainian army depots to cripple them while they still ca n't use those weapons efficiently . 
  ask him if and when he sees a federalization movement in the eurozone . 
  or how they want to resolve the fundamental misalignment between economic coupling in the eurozone and lacking political institutions to implement the needed reforms . 
  she grew up in communist times when eastern germany was occupied by the ussr . 
  she is also religious , so she has not much love for putin 's dream of resurrecting the ussr . 
  however , all german chancellors since brandt in the 1970 's have tried to keep good relations to the ussr/russia , for a lot of reasons - economically , but mostly to ease tensions . 
  she is no exception , she probably believes it is better to talk to putin than suffer a communications breakdown and suddenly find europe at the brink of war because of misunderstandings and escalation . 
  that 's also a reason why she was n't afraid to lose face over trying to broker an impossible armistice in ukraine . 
  with the downing of mh-17 and us politicians wanting to deliver weapons to ukraine , she probably thought it more important to get any truce going than isolating putin . 
   how did ostpolitik take a role in the desolution of the ussr ? 
  not very much directly . 
  it contributed to the helsinki accord which brought civil rights into the spotlight and encouraged dissidents . 
  it kind of blunted the anti-capitalist rhetoric out of moscow , but in the end the falling oil prices in the 1980 's did communism in . 
   dictated been drinking again , jean-claude ? 
  iran and russia would agree on a compensation scheme for victims and that 's it . 
  when the us lost nukes over spain and greenland , they apologized and the world kept turning . 
  i am no expert on catholic doctrine , but somehow i do n't think a religion where infallibility of the leader not up for discussion is taking kindly to someone questioning their holy book . 
  as i said some posts up , today the church is relatively meek , but there were times where it was not that different to isis . 
  you know what ? 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  especially cameron is abusing the eu as a scapegoat to distract from his politics . 
  and i believe his `` the eu needs to reform or else we will have to leave , but we do n't '' is a simple lie to force the rest of the eu to compromise on nationalist uk politics . 
  without a federation , there will never be a eu army . 
  the only thing there is is the french/german brigade and i doubt this will survive for long . 
  nato it is . 
  without nato , we 'd need nukes and that would n't go down so well with the neighbors . 
  there is no european army and i do n't see where any such army would come from . 
  there 's a french/german brigade , but sweden is not invited . 
  wait a minute . 
  everything in the eu is run through every capital in the eu , especially paris . 
  singling out berlin constitutes kraut-bashing . 
  if you believe countries with 5 % of germany 's population should or must have the same political weight , you are living in a dream world . 
  bigger and richer countries have had more say since the times of the ancient roman empire and that 's not going to change . 
  does n't make us the puppet-masters of europe . 
  one more reasons to keep out of this - they know their stuff better than we do . 
   the commission took up the case at the behest of a group of manufacturers , led by germany 's solarworld so basically a * german * company started the trade dispute , the terms of the settlement between the eu and china are not great for the eu and this somehow means merkel is trying to sell the french solar industry to china ? 
  i 'd really like to know how you arrived at that conclusion . 
  seriously . 
   poland has issued an extraordinary appeal to berlin to do all it takes to save the eurozone , saying that only germany can manage the task and has a `` special responsibility '' to do so given its history . 
   `` i will probably be the first polish foreign minister in history to say so , but here it is : i fear german power less than i am beginning to fear german inactivity . 
  you have become europe 's indispensable nation . '',
