  the german program is strictly retaining meta data like ip number , not the transmitted data . 
  and for only 10 weeks . 
  this thread had zero to do with refugees , but you choose it to push your shitty agenda . 
  i believe gauck himself refused to sign at least two laws . 
  as long as your toilet is built to european standards , it 's unlikely to split . 
  i really do n't want to talk down to you , but for your level of knowledge about the german political system you were pretty confident in quite some bold statements . 
  i 'd appreciate if you toned that down or educated yourself about germany before writing nonsense . 
  i am kind of tired learning through reddit how little people actually know about my country . 
  in every parliamentary system there are opinions that will never make it . 
  no justification for terrorism . 
   ever read the quran ? 
  it 's a piece of shit , violating every european value , the german constitution and the declaration of human rights . 
  that 's true for all abrahamic religious texts . 
  even the fucking 10 commandments . 
  we wo n't get one . 
  the german state is not toothless . 
  good thing your only concern is his agenda . 
  like the guy who gunned down sch\u00e4uble or the woman that stabbed lafontaine and was blabbing about underground kz 's . 
   the problem is that you can not vote against migration and you can not vote against merkel at the moment . 
  bullshit , you can choose between fdp , afd and any number of smaller parties . 
   i believe that merely having a party to vote for curbs behaviour such as this . 
  i realise that this creates a difficult situation in germany in particular huh ? 
  he could vote for the npd or some other rightwing-shitlords . 
  it 's not like racists parties are disallowed over here . 
   i apparently made someone downvote my entire comment history again . 
  would that not trigger a shadowban or something at reddit ? 
  make this two at least . 
  oh absolutely , and considering videos and social media messages were shared from there really fast lets me assume they have cell coverage there . 
  they just did not fucking care at all . 
  i 'd really like to know why russia never provided raw radar data to the investigation . 
  maybe i am wrong , but i 'd say the shock and the loss of blood pressure caused by those  100 shrapnel would knock you out momentarily . 
  would n't matter so much to me if i was dead or unconscious . 
  according to wikipedia , it 's on the command vehicle . 
  hard to believe anyone would willfully ignore a system telling him `` you are about to shot down a civilian plane '' . 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  yeah , but the report attributes this to the mask having been laying around in the summer heat for some time . 
  no matter if the passenger touched it , you 'd expect some dna on the mask if had been in contact with his body under normal circumstances . 
  i am currently reading the report again , but i 'd say the perforations would not lead to sudden depressurization , that would happen once the cockpit broke away . 
  i must say you dutch are doing a fabulous job with that investigation report . 
  it 's perfectly understandable and sticks to the facts . 
  i would n't say it 's a pleasure to read considering what happened but it is really enlightening . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buk_missile_system ) - the acquisition radar component ( several variants have differing capabilities ) allows the system to identify , track and target selected targets . 
  - the ** command component ** is intended to discern `` friendly '' military aircraft from foes ( iff ) , prioritize multiple targets , and pass radar targeting information to the missile launchers . 
  - the missile launcher component can carry a variety of missiles ( as listed below ) and may be able to engage more than one target simultaneously . 
  no c&c vehicle , no iff . 
  knowing you had nothing to do with that mass murder and you still express your feelings in that way is a very noble thing to say !, 
  i doubt they fully realized , but they would have known something horrible happened when the cockpit started breaking off . 
  afaik the telar does not have iff , that 's the role of the ~ ~ target acquisition radar ~ ~ ( edit : learned it 's the role of the command center ) . 
  that appendix is an excellent read . 
  kudos to the guys who wrote it , it is easy to understand , logical and sticks to the facts . 
  russia has blocked an international tribunal to investigate this . 
  i guess for good reasons . 
  wow , that 's so completely shameless . 
  they test one of two hypothesis . 
  and they do n't even use the same plane type . 
  what are they trying to prove , that the world consists of idiots ? 
  what that 's got to do with anything ? 
  that vkontakte account was posting a lot inside stuff before the downing . 
  and no one complained about impostors . 
  because russia 's attempts at sowing uncertainty and doubt had been so intelligent up to this date ? 
  remember atc controller `` carlos '' ? 
  or when they announced they even knew which ukrainian pilot shot down the airliner ? 
  actually , i 'd prefer this to the fate of the passengers . 
  the pilots maybe saw something streak in their direction , explode and then they were dead . 
  one passenger was able to pull down his oxy mask ... 
  that 's why i pay for digital access to the guardian - because i recognize they have to pay their staff and because they ask nicely . 
  bild however ... 
   danish muslims reject islam must not be adapted western societies what ? 
   the majority of germans can not life of there income but need social benefits in addition to make it through the month give me a break , this is ridiculous . 
  that article say `` fibre optics '' though ? 
  granted i have no idea about transmission cables , but this thing here looks to me like a high-power/high amp cable for transmitting electricity . 
  am i wrong ? 
   careless about our own financial and social situations especially in germany , where money is tight ... 
  that 's why i was much more active here before the bydlo invasion . 
  `` help '' , i 'd say . 
  imo , the syrian conflict will drag on another 10 years or more . 
  what 's going to happen to a generation of kids that grow up in those camps without education ? 
  or , to be more precise - who do you believe will provide education in those camps , no-one or salafists or secular teachers ? 
  because turkey and syria are far away , right ? 
  you are not going to convince me that [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zaatari_refugee_camp ) is any better than taking them to europe . 
  people here want to get upset and use every pretext . 
  but yeah , i think the rose-colored glasses in some our media need to come off . 
  because this is not about us gaining from their brain-drain , this is about humanitarian principles . 
  additionally setting up a point-based immigration scheme would be good and here stringent criteria would be warranted . 
  mixing up immigration schemes and refugee help is just dumb , though . 
  that 's from july . 
  that 's completely normal , the question is whether the us jets carry amraam 's . 
  the most interesting point in the article is that the british jets now are armed with anti-air missiles . 
  they completely use if for consumption which in turn generates tax income ( you know , i live in one of the socialist countries that finances public service through tax money ) . 
  some of the richest guys here either take the money to switzerland or live in their houses and do n't do a lot on the demand side of things . 
  we are still paying for the last 17m immigrants / s, 
  it would have but the u.s.a. had nothing better to do but stop us . 
  empirically and theoretically , it is completely clear savings by the rich are stifling the economy whereas giving the poor more money will benefit the society because their savings rate is low . 
  redistribution is good exactly because the poor spend instead of saving . 
   i do n't think it 's your business to say what should happen with others property ( money ) . 
  well , it is in our constitution , so while your country is different , it sure is in germany . 
  and we still maintain a decent standard of living . 
  also : capital on a savings account is effectively helping no one . 
  redistributing it so it gets spend keeps the economy going . 
  meh , i do n't believe this .
