  ok , my bad , i meant to write about the ussr , which was indeed both paranoid about security and only seemingly stable . 
  that they devoted up to 50 % of gdp for their military-industrial complex was a major cause . 
  but my point about russia still does not seem very far-fetched . 
  they do not have a stable political system at all - it may seem so because there 's graveyard silence there now . 
  but more bad news and an aging putin will uncover the inner instability . 
  exactly . 
  good enough for me because what works , works . 
  no need for change . 
  only if nato was disbanded , in which case germany would build up a massive defensive force - probably with nukes . 
  you do n't attacka nuclear power in earnest, 
  unless the uk and france engaged in some friendly backstabbing they would have to defend poland , the baltic and germany - with nukes if necessary . 
  and currently there 's some shared command over us nukes on german soil . 
  guess what germany would do of the u.s. 
  pulled back no way the russians would make it to the rhine . 
  let 's wait and see . 
  you are way too much in love with your hard-earned world supremacy to stop paying for our safety ( or , to be precise your domination ), 
  you know what ? 
  germany did stretch much more to the east back then and ukraine was part of the ussr . 
  also no nato and war was much different without attack jets . 
  a russian attack on germany is simply nothing to be afraid of . 
   the most paranoid nations in this regard have shown to be more stable throughout history yeah , russia is a great example of a stable country compared with say switzerland or sweden . 
  you ca n't make this up ... 
  meh , the u.s. is not going to abandon europe . 
  and between us and russia there 's two buffer countries . 
  rhodes was not hitler , though . 
  he should wash his tank at lower temperature . 
  i do n't get it either , we have invaded belgium for less . 
  then just leave europe to germany 's rule . 
  but do n't come bitching if that means a continental power makes a lit of decisions that influence you directly . 
  ordnung , very good !, 
  no , those fire in both directions . 
  wait for the balkans to tell some jokes . 
  coming from the west , this was the most amazing thing in the east : the subdued colors and the visual silence . 
  i am missing that from time to time . 
  it 's a german satire mag, 
  it was an ad for the german army . 
  `` come join us , we got this incredible toys '' . 
  but still , this is so great . 
  it means a lot of stuff on that reactor works : the vacuum seals , the supra magnets , the mw microwave heating ... 
  you recognize germany does not invite refugees first and foremost to fill job vacancies but on humanitarian grounds , right ? 
  this distinction gets painted over too frequently . 
  that we also need jobs for them is true , but this is an afterthought . 
  when it comes to regular immigration , germany has a green-card program for non-eu nationals , but the requirements are much higher than for eu nationals or refugees , because this is tailored to our needs . 
  those `` millions of people in eastern europe who would n't hesitate to go to germany for work , any work '' you quote , i do n't really believe in them . 
  we get tons of russians because they are under real pressure , lots of young spaniards , but relatively few eastern europeans , even though all they would have to do is apply for jobs from their homeland : - [ the official job market ] ( https://jobboerse.arbeitsagentur.de/ ) is available in a couple of languages , monster.com as well , - there is even a [ job listing ] ( http://www.make-it-in-germany.com/en/for-qualified-professionals/working/job-listings ) for qualified applicants from abroad - there is a [ eu job market ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/eures/public/en/homepage ) and then move here . 
  someone who is not willing to do that is rather unlikely to actually seek work , imo . 
  eu citizens have freedom of residence in germany . 
  in fact , besides the current refugees , there has been a steady migration from eastern eu member states into germany since the beginning of the 1990s, 
  if you are the government of a small country , you can do shit . 
  if you are saudi arabia , you just call downing st. and that reporter is out of a job for life . 
  best they can do is try him in croatia in absence and if he ever enters the country , put him in jail . 
  oh , and publish the passport scan . 
  i guess that 's why we have those ken-burns screensavers that pan over pictures . 
  that and because they look cool of course . 
   for the fact that friendship with turkey , a western country , does not help putin further his image as a crusader yeah , well , ok . 
  i 'd rather the west would not align unconditionally behind turkey as it is now , as it is * not * a western country at all . 
  yeah , in contrast to turkey ( who faltered once the us raised eyebrows over purchasing chinese weapon systems ) they bought them . 
  guess who 's the pussies ... 
  well , greece got the s-300 systems which would take down every jet turkey owns easily . 
  so , carefully ... 
  impressive in a very sadistic way . 
  you really like the tough reading challenges  atlas shrugged is so incredibly tedious . 
   palestinians are the wrong party in this conflict having seen what israel does to palestinian towns , they are not the only wrong party here . 
  it is . 
  there 's an old copy in my family and i tried to read it as a teenager . 
  man , that shit is so boring and full of bullshit i could n't even finish it . 
  same in germany . 
  well , in every european country where the age structure is as bad . 
   our gdp per capita have barely increased at all since 2007 . 
  that 's in part because you chose the peak of the bubble as the baseline . 
  if you shift it one year later , you have something like 8 % growth ( rule of thumb from glancing at the chart ) . 
  hyperbole much ? 
  i do care and that 's why i will vote against wm , olympics , em or any big sports event in my city . 
  they can take and shove it . 
  the most impressive fact about london 2012 for me is that it was all done on schedule . 
  that 's unheard of over here . 
  i partly agree , but i believe that spending infrastructure by proxy is strange at best and a pipe dream at worst . 
  in the best case , it shows the decision making processes are broken ( ie . 
  the high-priority needs can not be satisfied without constructing a story around them ) , but it could also be the case that in fact the most of the public money is wasted on things that do n't help the city at all . 
  looking at how it went in athens makes me at least hesitant . 
  just not as a minister of finances . 
  he 'd make a great minister of defense . 
  i guess the ioc has really bad press over here , and rightly so . 
  they are openly corrupt and in bed with oppressive regimes . 
  i do n't want my tax money to go to that filthy organisation . 
  otoh , germany id 's to inward-looking and too much afraid of spending money . 
  no , the screen shows the krautchan website , not 4chan . 
  it 's some kind of passive-aggressive shit along the lines of `` mimimi , we ca n't have nice things because international jewry beats us over the head instantly '' . 
  of course it is not true . 
  awww krautchan , this is from / int / , right ? 
  the turkish [ radar plot ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/06ee/production/_86847710_4244121f-6f25-419b-a113-d94603724eeb.jpg ) conveniently ends with the firing of the missile , so i fail to see how you come up with the full tracks . 
  maybe you missed that but i never claimed the missile was fired in syrian airspace , just that most likely the f-16 went over the border after the kill . 
  `` no reason '' does n't mean it was n't there . 
  turkey has lost a fighter intruding into syrian airspace before . 
  well , the us [ confirms ] ( https://news.yahoo.com/russian-jet-hit-inside-syria-incursion-turkey-u-010811956.html ) it was inside syrian airspace . 
  and i bet my hat the f-16 's also crossed the border into syria . 
  contamination is nothing to be toyed with , though . 
  it 's why we do n't have nukes tests in the atmosphere anymore . 
  also : the blast radius and radiation makes nukes a class of their own , thermobarics do n't come close . 
  there 's a reason nukes have n't been used since the two weapons tests in japan .
