  quarterly . 
  that leaves about 4bn `` real loans '' . 
  for the rest of the year , another 6.8 bn t-bills are due and 11.9 bn `` real '' loans . 
  so , that 's roughly 14bn `` real '' payments - roughly ** 8 % of gdp ** . 
  that 's of course still freaking high and that 's why the 18bn from the programs and from interest greece already paid but could have gotten back were so important . 
  from next year on , the interest payments are much lower ( ca n't find the numbers right now ) , they should be in the the range of 3.5 % of gdp - the target primary surplus that played such an important role in the negotiations . 
  the thing is , greek debt can no longer grow , because no one would loan them money . 
  therefore , it can only request more money from the troika or cut expenses/raise income or default . 
  that 's the whole pickle we are currently in . 
  gabriel is such a tool . 
  this is not the time for a social democrat to rant about how he 's fed up with the greeks and lick sch\u00e4uble 's ass . 
  he should at least devise a forward strategy that enables greece to stay in and enable the eu to stop foul play . 
  you should add that we bought the flat for the cousin to live in , a bit oversized and pretty expensive . 
  knowing he loves status we rent it to him and get richer while he goes into debt . 
  when his money runs out we visit a bank with him so he gets a loan to pay the rent . 
   what 's more important to the troika ? 
  fixing the economic mess , or making an example of the greeks ? 
  we ca n't answer those questions . 
  none of us has inside information . 
  moreover , it is to be expected that there are different interests among the members of the troika ( eg . 
  imf wants a debt cut , but only of the part held by the rest of the troika ) . 
  treating the troika as a monolithic institution is probably wrong . 
  sure , having a [ self-proclaimed marxist ] ( http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2013/12/10/confessions-of-an-erratic-marxist-in-the-midst-of-a-repugnant-european-crisis/ ) as a financial minister is a completely normal thing in the eu . 
  absolutely nothing radical or strange about that . 
  neither cdu nor spd are nearly as extreme as syriza or anel . 
  does n't make a whole lot of sense to me either . 
  i guess their idea is to balloon the public sector again to implement the same nepotism the previous governments enjoyed . 
  the bill most likely would be footed by large companies via additional taxes . 
  maybe he 's thinking about taxing the rich too , but as of yet it seems they did not touch that class . 
  and probably there is the hope of getting loans from the brics bank and maybe a sweetheart deal from china , venezuela or russia . 
  i doubt this will materialize , but they might still believe it . 
  a european referendum about what ? 
  greece ? 
  that ends with a bloody nose and a grexit . 
  well , he wants greece to default , quit the eur and start with a clean slate . 
  jesus christ almighty . 
  it 's not about the negotiations , it 's not about addressing the nation . 
  it 's about calling a referendum ( to present the issue to the will of the people or whatever high and mighty shit he wrote ) and then telling the people how to vote . 
   so you 're saying that merkel should not be involved in the negotiations either ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  negotiations are one thing , addressing the nation on fucking tv is a completely different thing . 
   `` the eu ca n't afford to let us fail so we should continue to say no and they will blink and give us a better deal . '', 
  not sure if that 's whistling in the dark or a honest-to-god cultural misunderstanding . 
  but that 's not how northern europe works . 
   children are more cooperative than these morons . 
  as a father , i have some reservations ... 
  same here . 
  i feel like pleading with them `` come on , behave like mature adults and talk to find a solution , hurt feelings and grandstanding will not change anything '', 
   but believe me the parties who will form this coalition are the same that destroyed the country for 40 years i know . 
  i just still believe the elite has to wake up and see they are steering the ship on a rock . 
  you are a seafaring nation , you have to know that you have to change tack if the wind blows in your face . 
   this is the direction of a nation one more reason not to drag it down with partisan politics but to keep his trap shut . 
   i 'm at the office right now but i can provide the exact numbers soon . 
  i 'd be grateful , it seems to me with a primary surplus and a growing gdp the numbers should be decreasing . 
  i 'd be more than happy if your view materializes in the referendum ... we 'll see - and fingers crossed there is no major accident in eu politics till then . 
  pretty much yes . 
  the current crisis illustrates the dangers of one country not playing by the rules . 
  the current reflex is to pull back and re-nationalize and the alternative - to move forward and federalize is hardly ever discussed . 
  mutual trust is probably at the lowest level i can remember . 
  sad times , i belong to a generation for which the european project was a shining promise . 
  now , what 's left is refugee quotas , ultimatums and red lines . 
   5 - greece has ( up until now ) abided to every single one of the commitments which it has agreed to in the bailout agreements are you sure ? 
  i think they did not implement the privatization part and several others dealing with tax evasion and collective bargaining rights . 
  i believe the negotiations that just went south were exactly about the parts greece did not implement , not about new demands from the creditor side . 
   6 - the eu had commited to debt relief from the moment greece attained a gdp surplus , this happened a year ahead of schedule ( 2013 ) but the eu has not yet honored their part of the commitment and is at this moment still actively delaying debt relief . 
  afaik the maturity of the `` bailout '' help has already been stretched and the start of interest payments for a part of the money postponed . 
  that 's a debt-writeoff , just in different form . 
  that said , the reporting in germany is pretty bad . 
  the tabloids are a national shame ( `` them lazy gambling greeks , paying of debnts !! 1 ! '' ), 
  and the quality papers are mostly smug about greece 's ineptitude . 
  all the quality papers follow the ordoliberal and monetarist thinking that prevails in germany , you 'll hardly find keynsianism discussed . 
  spiegel online is an exception , they have a regular column by m\u00fcnchau where he hypes the ideas of krugman et al. 
  from the british media reporting i observed , it seems to me the absolutely prevailing mood is pure joy that the hated eur and the hated eu are in trouble . 
  greece carries no guilt , it 's all the fault of the lenders and the troika for not flooding the country with money to jump-start a recovery . 
  sure , but banks rely on rating agencies . 
  and they gave good grades to every ez country . 
  i am not saying the banks are without blame , but they had both a government that used an investment bank to fiddle with the books and good ratings stacked against them . 
   we will all handle the consequences calmly and orderly now this is something i highly doubt . 
  the ineptitude on all sides to prepare for what was coming for weeks makes me rather pessimistic about what happens after a oxi vote . 
  huh ? 
  do you seriously believe anyone is still talking to tsipras after he calls a referendum and tells people to vote no ? 
  he will have zero credibility to implement anything that would come out of the negotiations . 
   syriza were not the party demanding concessions `` at the last minute '' . 
  on the contrary , they ceded a great deal of supposed `` red lines '' they originally planed to maintain . 
  we hear the same story from both sides , so i presume both sides have ceded some red lines . 
   during the general election , syriza were not awarded a complete mandate . 
  thus , they entered a coalition with a right-wing party who also opposed the structural adjustment program yeah , completely normal that a left-wing populist party teams up with a right-wing populist party . 
  nothing to see here ... 
  oh shit , now the truth will come out that hitler is still alive at neuschwabenland and using the reichsflugscheiben with the vril-drive to fly to the moon !!, 
  i am not surprised . 
  juncker has an knack for saying the wrong thing at the wrong time in the wrong way . 
  why not ? 
  tsipras is telling greek voters how they should vote ( no ) , so why should his side be the only one to manipulate votes ? 
   if we vote yes then we will complete the current programme and continue with a new one for the next couple of years with even more austerity if you vote yes , you 'll get rid of syriza and just maybe get better terms under a national unity coalition . 
  i fail to see the silver lining if the current crop of politicians has to ask the eu for help . 
  yes . 
  it 's not like i am too proud about the way the troika ( and especially our finmist ) has treated greece , but before syriza came to power , the [ worst seemed to be over ] ( http://ftalphaville.ft.com/files/2015/02/greece-real-gdo-590x391.png ) . 
  primary surplus has [ doubled in spring of 2015 ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/06/25/greek-budget-primary-surplus-up-in-january-may%e2%80%8f/ ) compared to the same period last year . 
  some [ argue greece would grow ] ( http://www.bruegel.org/nc/blog/detail/article/1647-is-greece-destined-to-grow/ ) in the next years because of more business-friendly legislation enforced by the troika . 
  in the case of a greek exit , i 'd expect another contraction of gdp before it bottoms out and starts to grow ( 3-5 years down the road ) .
