you are completely right - two wrongs do n't make one right and you should judge the actions of each country on it 's own merit . 
  usually , this is a passive-aggressive attitude that goes together with a healthy dose of [ whataboutism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) once you criticize russia . 
  the reverse happens much less frequently - i.e. 
  you point out the wrongdoings of america and people talk about `` but russia [ or china ] yadda yadda '' . 
  i do n't understand why my eastern compatriots are still that brainwashed , but yeah there is this very prominent streak . 
   politicians in northern europe need to tell their electorate that being in a monetary union also means being in a fiscal union they should , i am not debating this . 
  but then all ez-european leaders need to tell their voters that they are now also in a political union . 
  a fiscal union without a common political framework on fiscal politics , common safeguards against irresponsible spending and common institutions that monitor tax evasion , subsidy fraud and corruption is an open invitation to freeload at the expense of others . 
  and politically , currently this is a complete nonstarter in northern europe . 
  you want ww iii ? 
  cause that 's how you get ww iii . 
  does n't change anything , as the russians are not violating the airspace of ireland , they just skirt it . 
  and they play the same game with other nations like the uk that have a couple of jets at standby . 
  the danger is in turning off radar transponders , that 's completely irresponsible . 
  wo n't work either . 
  well , we had quite the time at the run-up to ww i with our rival fleets . 
  but then we got distracted by the rest of europe . 
  and then we tried to protect your bikes and the relationship turned sour for quite some time : /, 
  there is something to it ... [ this is ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutscher_bund#mediaviewer/file:deutscher_bund.png ) how germany looked in the 19th century , pretty fragmented and everyone was quarreling with everyone else . 
  then we ruined our country not once but twice in one century . 
  i think now we have a kind of ok relationship with ourselves , though . 
  external enemies - clearly france . 
  my grandmother told me she was raised with the idea that france is an eternal enemy . 
  today we have a pretty close relationship . 
  let 's see how it goes if the fn gains more voters . 
  because we are too cheap to build a top-notch intelligence service . 
  bnd is a fucking bureaucracy without any intention to use modern technology to grow a pair . 
  instead , they are content to get spoon-fed information by nsa and gchq . 
  then honestly there 's no convincing you - you obviously want to see him in a sinister light and/or want to be offended . 
  he is basically defending him from the `` motorcycle punk finance minister '' image varoufakis earned himself in london . 
  uhm no ? 
  would translate to `` my greek colleague has as much right to respect as everyone else , he acted completely correct with regards to myself '' - i really fail to see any reason to be offended . 
  for context , he gave an interview in bild ( am sonntag ) , the very tabloid that featured a very anti-greek call for readers to submit selfies with `` nein '' to greek loan extensions . 
  so telling their readers a ) varoufakis ( who had been vilified in this rag ) did not behave like a juvenile mobster and b ) he ( and by proxy syriza ) deserve respect like anyone else needs to be read in this context . 
  the english equivalent would be imo `` acted correctly with regards to myself '' - like you would talk about a police officer doing a good job . 
  and the german word for `` behaved '' would be `` benommen '' , nicht `` verhalten '' . 
  my , my , those poor peace-loving countries like yugoslavia , libya or iraq getting invaded by fascist armies because they have publicly owned utilities . 
  and now poor russia too , the international haven of peace . 
  fair enough , so i guess you want to stay out of the eu too ? 
  well , that 's what you said  anyhow , not for much longer ... 
   we just want to have our own voice and our own interests , culture and history respected . 
  ok , i get that . 
  but what are the forward-looking ideas for what comes after independence ? 
  of course you will have much more money ( every independence movement promises that ) , more freedom ( outside the eu ) , but what 's the thing that will make your voice heard ? 
  wait , you just completely turned on the head what he said . 
  no , but they can stop working with the local government there , that means no money from structural funds , no representation in the european parliament and if push comes to shove , even no access to the common market . 
  i doubt the eu will play that hard , but i take their announcements that they keep out of the affair but an independent catalonia needs to apply for eu membership serious . 
  same with nato , of course - but that 's not that important in the end . 
   why not ? 
  because a lot of countries make good members but still had to go through an application process . 
  that 's how it works . 
   now i read about riots , no-go zones and other joys . 
  seems you have simply moved to a right-wing echo chamber . 
  there are no no-go zones and i have yet to see large scale riots over here . 
  however , i seem to remember riots [ back in 1992 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rostock-lichtenhagen_riots ) , but i guess those do n't count ? 
  and i also seem to remember [ no go zones ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_befreite_zone ) from back then , but those were not dangerous , right ? 
  but do go on lecturing me about my country and the [ decline of the west ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_decline_of_the_west ) ... 
  background ? 
  haha , til i live in a decaying society . 
  it gets funnier by the day . 
   why wont europe work together here ? 
  what about the eu cohesion fund that distributes a couple of bn eur ? 
  what about northern emu states essentially taking over the risk of loans to the southern countries ? 
  the northern states are not just protecting their banks - without their guarantees , the southern states would have been cut off from lending and would have had to implement very tough austerity . 
  also : since when do the eastern states worry about spain and greece ? 
  they were the toughest on greece . 
   where do germany cut benefits for european citizens ? 
  any source please , as far as i know , they comply with their duties to pay for europe as always . 
  guy above probably refers to the [ ecj judgement 67/14 ] ( http://curia.europa.eu/juris/liste.jsf?num=c-67/14 ) where a german job center cut social benefits to a bosnian/swedish family who moved here as economic migrants but never found a job longer than a year . 
  since the ejc ruled germany was completely within its right to not tolerate economic migration in such an extreme case , i do n't think / u/getthebestofreddit understands the case . 
   the uk is the oldest european democracy i do n't see what that 's got to do with it being oligarchic or not . 
  the us is not exactly a democracy since yesterday . 
  home of the worst software developers  no , i do n't know a whole lot about india , never been there , unfortunately . 
  so the telegraph is probably also best friends with putin now and wants sanctions lifted ? 
  astonishing - but then again , nationalists either war each other or are best friends . 
  and of course the insinuation that orban is more democratic than the eu goes to show the telegraphs true colors . 
   better just ban apple alltogether . 
  that wo n't fly with the spoiled brats that need every new iphone right when it comes out . 
  but good luck , russia . 
  cook will love you for your homophobia - and unlike china , you are not a terribly important market . 
  now gies me `` this video is not available '' . 
  maybe youtube blocks proxy hosts ? 
  fuck , fuck and fuck . 
  not available here due to fucking gema . 
  oh and their 100violins website has a broken link to ... their own stores listing page . 
  great thing you 'll never be a politician then . 
  thanks to the nsa , you guys knew it before even the russians knew it . 
  ca n't blame you , man . 
  the place has turned from a funny and curious subreddit where people wanted to know about other countries into a bydlo shitfest where everyone hates everyone else and people do n't ever stop to consider the other side as well . 
  if you find a better place , let me know . 
  strangely enough , gay rights are usually more extensive in those countries that also regard the human rights of refugees . 
  strange how that connects , huh ? 
   i thought that eu was an idea that was in its heart euro-centric first and foremost , the eu was set up so france and germany stop going to war every generation . 
  and further , it was a project to end hostile nationalism and war all over europe . 
   it is a selfish no . 
  unless you believe cooperation rather than war is selfish . 
  the eu was always more than a free-trade zone , it was a lighthouse project for democracy , human rights and supra-national cooperation . 
  i wonder if it 's one-euro jobs ( that get topped up by social security ), 
  for the same reason i do n't take the sun or bild serious . 
  amen to that .
