  and seriously , who cares about switzerland , they are not in the eu and if they want to break ties , so be it , there is no reason to worry about them . 
  and austria had a strong right-wing populist party for ages now without causing too many problems . 
  france is much more worrisome , what with the strength of the fn . 
  more like wolves and sheep  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/investor-state_dispute_settlement, 
  do you really believe your country would wage a nuclear war ( and accept the total destruction it brings ) over denmark - or any european country ? 
  i certainly do n't . 
  i am not sure our work ethics is that great anymore . 
  and we take plenty time off compared to greeks or us americans . 
  i believe our sense of humor is better developed than the stereotype says , but probably we 'll never reach the subtle humor of the brits . 
  then again , we most likely are more direct and blunt than most countries ( us americans make me antsy with their endless small talk ) , our only match would be the dutch . 
  actually , germany is [ pretty well liked ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20150112/israelis-and-palestinians-a-positive-view-of-germany ) in israel . 
  about the only thing i really worry about are the [ investor/state arbitration courts ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/investor-state_dispute_settlement ) . 
  their intransparency and problems with democratic oversight are pretty worrisome ( lack of transparency of course is a problem of the whole ttip negociations ) . 
  apart from that , bring it on !, 
  there are too many different standards and regulations which makes it hard even for large companies to produce for every market - and even harder for medium or small firms . 
  for instance , selling medical products here and there is practically impossible if you are not a really huge company . 
  i think , the eu has too much friendly bureaucracy and socialist elements , a bit of the us free enterprise spirit could not hurt . 
  and since people in the us are not dying in droves , i doubt the standards here are so much better than there and need to be protected at all costs . 
  the eu in itself was started with free trade as one of its foundations and this has done miracles , so why not repeat the same ( minus the political integration ) with the us ? 
  seems reddit is taking brexit for granted , 
  no , the bitching and moaning about mods and their `` censorship '' comes with growth in every large forum . 
  it is always bullshit , but it is hard to eradicate ( perma-bans kind of work , most of the time ), 
  true , i read the cited news article sloppily . 
  no idea which tax deferrals spiegel online is talking about . 
  fair enough , but in the big picture , the world is a better place with less nukes . 
   do people support the idea of acquiring nuclear weapons to discourage russia that 's not a realistic option . 
  there is the nonproliferation treaty which disallows countries from acquiring nukes unless they belong to the club of existing nuclear powers . 
  cancelling the npt is not a great idea either , as it would almost guarantee international sanctions . 
  i secretly hope germany has a clandestine program in place to develop the technology to build nukes so we can have them once russia goes nuts , but i doubt it . 
  i am not so sure about america using nukes to defend germany and i am currently super pessimistic about the future in russia . 
  i think / u/pfdwxenon is referring to this , even though it is already over and i did not read anything about an extension : - [ the radical left-wing syriza government announced a one-week `` special offer '' for tax debtors . 
  anyone willing to pay some or all of their overdue taxes by march 27th would have the accumulated interest written off . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21647358-deadlines-near-greeks-find-it-hard-believe-europe-would-let-them-go-squeeze-tightens ) - [ a tax amnesty introduced in march that waived fines for people with tax arrears if they paid up quickly brought in 147 million euros in eight days , another boost to the coffers . 
  ] ( http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/04/17/eurozone-greece-cash-idinkbn0n81zc20150417 ), 
   skill and expertise is not simply created by business ... it 's the function of the state , which requires investment . 
  that 's only partly true . 
  yes , you need skilled labor , but you also need foreign companies with a lot of experience in rational manufacturing to invest in your country . 
  or you need a start-up scene that creates high-value jobs . 
  in any rate , to get more competitive , you need to bring non-wage labour costs down as much as possible , not necessarily wages themselves . 
  in both above cases , you do n't need investments by the state , you need to radically simplify the bureaucracy , tax system and to an extend workers rights and pensions . 
  it worked for ireland and the baltic states , and i doubt you could call that a race to the bottom ( ireland has [ comparable wages ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) to germany ), 
  otoh , you are not the potus , 
  in that sentence he 's talking to the whole eu , not greece . 
  us president barack obama said greece needs to make some `` tough decisions , '' as he warned that the eurozone should n't rely on america to drive the global economy . 
  with the greek government potentially running out of money as soon as next month , the question of whether athens can persuade its creditors to dispatch more money from its bailout fund has dominated financial markets this week . 
  mr obama , who was hosting italian prime minister mario renzi in washington , told a press conference :  greece needs to initiate reforms ; they need to collect taxes ; they need to reduce their bureaucracy . 
   when the new pm ( alexis tsipras ) came in , i called him and recognised you need to show your people that there 's hope , that you can grow , but you have to show those who are extending credit , who are supporting your financial system that you 're trying to help yourself ; that requires making the tough decisions . 
  negotiations between greece , the international monetary fund and other eurozone countries have so far stumbled on which set of reforms the new government in athens is prepared to sign up to . 
  europe 's monetary authority unleashed a new wave of stimulus in march , which has buoyed stock markets and raised hopes that the eurozone might break free of its economic stagnation . 
  however , mr obama added :  all of us have to recognise that global aggregrate demand is very weak ; china wo n't be growing as fast . 
   what i 've said to the europeans is do n't expect that the us will be the engine for everyone ; do n't expect you can keep selling to the us but we ca n't sell anything to you because your economy is weak . 
   in that regard linklater11 has a point ; its a race to the bottom . 
  no , it 's still not . 
  competitiveness has a lot to do with the cost/productivity ratio ( and wages are one of the larger factors determining costs ) . 
  [ voxeu has an article ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/wages-and-productivity-eurozone ) where you can see how wages decoupled from productivity rises in the crisis countries pre-crisis and how germany was different ( red dots in fig 1 ) . 
  there was no and there is no race to the bottom , but the wage increases in greece were unsustainable and therefore wages have come down . 
  so there - competitiveness is more than low wages , it means an investor-friendly climate , focus on productivity and wage rises that match productivity increases . 
  only if you ca n't create an environment where companies do n't want to invest do you have to slash wages over longer periods . 
  we should tell the americans there 's oil to be found under the aegean . 
   i repeat , the notion that all is about competitiveness , leads to a race to the bottom of who cuts wages more/quicker and is not in the interest of people . 
  i guess that 's why we have become so much poorer after 200 years of capitalism . 
  i mean please - one can discuss the merits and problems of the eu or capitalism in general , but the way you do is a bit under-complex . 
  what a load of hogwash . 
  where did she use terror , she merely startled some guys . 
  please tell me you are joking . 
  this competition has brought about incredible progress and has raised productivity, 
   there are deportation orders well documented by the archives . 
  from the trail of tears to stalin to hitler , ethnic cleansing ( which is what it was ) has been used to cover up and facilitate a genocide . 
  non-turkish historians do n't seem to recognize any large-scale massacres by armenians , but even if there were , a revenge genocide to the tune of millions of dead and ordered from above is still an absolute disgrace . 
   but , to this date , armenia has not opened one single archive . 
  i doubt that 's true - but even if , there are german , austrian , british , american archives that have been extensively studied . 
  it 's not like there is a lack of sources . 
   this was used as an argument to justify the holocaust . 
  like the poles were the real culprits ? 
  yeah , that 's a fucked up way to twist the truth . 
   `` i refuse to let my forefathers be equated with hitler , '' fumes a turkish diplomat . 
  that 's exactly the problem with turkey and the armenian massacres . 
  first : nobody directly compares them to hitler . 
  second : once you kill a couple of hundred thousand or a million people , you ** deserve ** to be seen in a bad light . 
  third : it 's not about current turkey , it 's about their forefathers , so no need to get all defensive about it . 
  hurt pride will not get their country off the hook for it . 
  yes , the w\u00f6rkerjugend !, 
  no please , stop it , america , they already have freedumz !, 
  wait , that 's a * casus belli * !, 
  i hope not , this is so completely run-down and full of russians , it would just create more problems . 
  there was a rumor that in the 1990 's russia wanted to sell the kaliningrad oblast to us , but reportedly germany declined . 
  that 's not true , it 's a representative democracy . 
  because we the article is titled `` has any country ever had it so good ? '', 
  and is harping on about how great our economy is running . 
  compared to that , rank # 16 in your list is underwhelming , i think ( behind austria , of all countries ) . 
   yeah , it just sucks that the previous government was corrupt and had no interest in the welfare of its people or in future sustainability even so , the past greek government did managed to finally get a primary surplus , a historical accomplishment for greece and a necessary condition to finally recover . 
  this accomplishment , naturally , was thrown down the drain with the recent foot-shooting campaign by syriza 's government , which worsened greece 's state and even triggered a monstrous capital flight problem . 
  and even though i want to believe that syriza is less corrupt , we just do n't know this - yet . 
   i think the question is less about why syriza wo n't honour past agreements , and more about why the eu insists on them doing so even when everyone knows that it will only make things worse . 
  that `` everyone '' would exclude a whole lot of people who think otherwise . 
  please read [ this ] ( http://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/greece-export-problem-by-ricardo-hausmann-2015-03 ) to understand why i do n't subscribe to the anti-austerity fan club . 
  why is the eu ( or more precise the ez ) so fascist about rules ? 
  that 's because the euro agreement [ is more than just another treaty ] ( http://www.blog.rielcano.org/en/global-spectator-greece-cant-leave-the-euro-without-leaving-the-eu/ ) , it is more akin to forming a single country . 
  as individual states in the us in some regards can not do as they please , greece can not unilaterally alter foundation treaties of the ez . 
  basically it currently comes down to a show of force : is greece free to act as it wants and the ez is left to foot the bill or is there enough cohesion to enforce the rules of the game ?
