  this is between westminster and holyrood , if it is not simply a ruse on the side of may . 
  the modeling of the dutch commission also traced the buk back to rebel-held territory . 
  there 's really hardly any doubt it was an operator error either by the seps or russian soldiers . 
  unfortunately , russia will never own up to it . 
   i do n't think the eu referendum have given the snp a mandate to seek independence . 
  only another independence referendum does that . 
  true , but i 'd say the eu referendum gave sturgeon democratic legitimacy to seek another independence referendum . 
  ok , i give up trying to understand that . 
  dude , what 's up ? 
  where do you hail from that you have such beef with them ? 
  not sure may is any prettier , but then i am not trying to get laid by either one of them . 
  i was thinking about her blue/white clothes by the way , not her facial expression . 
  i dunno , she would have said `` if '' , not `` when '' . 
  yes , it is blowback for your actions . 
  thanks a lot . 
  and now get lost with your gloating . 
  someone is in the metal halides business here ... 
  i am not familiar with uk conventions , but [ the image of her reception ] ( http://news.images.itv.com/image/file/1039973/large_img.jpg ) by sturgeon leads me to believe the latter is not too fond of the whole idea . 
  hum , but what if the scots give may the finger ? 
  they do n't seem enthusiastic to take part in designing the exit . 
  well , then your reading comprehension is really poor . 
  which article did you read again ? 
  isis is a direct consequence of the bushist attacks on the me . 
  thanks for that , buddies . 
  oh france , i am so deeply sorry for you , brothers :( i know i spend some of my best holidays in your country and now i am just sitting here , teary-eyed . 
  there 's nothing i can do and that sucks . 
  i feel for those who have lost loved ones and for the whole nation of france . 
  so the politicians should hand out guns so that french people can shoot muslims or what 's the grand idea here ? 
  and also to the most thorough genocides before industrialized killing was invented in the 20 ^ th century . 
  see if you can make out the ex-gdr [ in that image ] ( https://d28wbuch0jlv7v.cloudfront.net/images/infografik/normal/infografik_2818_bruttoinlandsprodukt_je_einwohner_in_euro_n.jpg ) . 
  it shows gdp/person . 
  things are improving , but the issue is compounded by the fact that the young and bright are leaving the sparsely inhabited parts and move to cities in the west . 
  so , apart from saxony ( industry ) and brandenburg ( proximity to berlin ) , the eastern states are unlikely to really catch up any time soon . 
  at least the dalai lama is polite and does n't mock his hosts . 
  but he was using the term in the speech . 
  i venture to say a political , cultural , psychological and economic union ... '', 
  there 's a step 0 you conveniently omitted : `` cripple the eu however we can and then shit-talk them '', 
  he 's true to what one would expect . 
  do n't know if it 's his attempt at damage control or he is in fact trolling the guests on france 's reception party , but he sure should have shut the fuck up . 
  i sure hope he wo n't come visit berlin for some time . 
  i 'd rather not think about the shit he will be saying over here . 
  tell that to the millions of natives killed by christians . 
  based on history , christianity is a failed experiment most anywhere . 
  britain is not russia , it 's the 5 ^ th largest ( or something like that , they keep sliding ) economy , it is a country geographically close to europe , it has a highly-developed financial industry . 
  if the eu is out to protect its long-term interests , they will offer the uk some compromise . 
  i understand that perfectly well . 
  however , britain is not russia , it 's the 5 ^ th largest ( or something like that , they keep sliding ) economy , it is a country geographically close to europe , it has a highly-developed financial industry . 
  if the eu is out to protect its long-term interests , they will offer the uk some compromise . 
  how 's that ? 
  that 's what the 2 years are for . 
  incredible shot by the dude with the rpg in the group in front . 
  saved his bro 's ass . 
  ah well , all those banks also have branches in europe , so they wo n't start from zero . 
  thing is , i doubt the eu will deny the uk eur clearing rights and passporting rights . 
  true , but the `` if '' is not yet decided . 
  it could well be britain retains their passporting rights ( they got special treatment all the time , so why not now ? ), 
  and everything is hunky-dory . 
  what is more striking to me is everyone is only debating the effect brexit has on financial institutions . 
  there have to be a lot of people working in industry and no one seems to care how they fare . 
  i can only imagine how rushed the carve-out negotiations are going to be . 
  employees of cepol and eba wo n't be happy to relocate within 24 months . 
  since extensions would have to be ratified unanimously by all eu27 members , it 's only rational to rule them out . 
  they have set up a working group dealing with brexit . 
  i guess she will nominate someone who works in close contact with this working group . 
  but yeah , in principle you want some sly fox like sch\u00e4uble doing the job . 
  that 's true . 
  denmark should either be `` family holidays '' or `` poelser '' . 
  you are really trying to outdo / u/executivemonkey . 
  good show , 
  i am not surprised tony abbott praises him . 
  working with obama or hillary is going to be awkward though . 
  and i bet he 'll get along real good with the french and merkel . 
  so , how is that any different from what tusk said ? 
  how about calming the waves ? 
  britain now reaps the fruits of the bellicose rhetoric of the last 15 years and especially leading up to the referendum . 
  so , i 'd tone it down , banish clowns like johnson and gove , invoke art . 
  50 soon and then try my best to mend fences with one of the eu heavyweights and basically buy a couple of the smaller countries . 
  further complaining of `` teh evilz eu bureaucrats '' is probably not exactly helping at this point , not after britain has done everything to damage relationships with the eu institutions . 
  but what do i know of sovereign states and their right to shooting their own feet ? 
  you may as well count switzerland out , they have n't been fighting in a war in god knows how long . 
  and how well it works belgium , i really do n't know . 
  trade wars typically cause damage on both sides , just saying . 
  in that case , europe loses sales but the british consumer has to pay more for goods . 
  no way , no how . 
  germany would have to convince the usa , russia , the uk and china . 
  not even the usa would allow this . 
  because the main reason they exist is that they allow you to kill people quickly and efficiently . 
  less than fully automatics but more so than ordinary rifles . 
  i am not saying it 's simply because they are jelly . 
  well , yes , you hail from lunaticstan , i was thinking about the eu . 
  thanks !, 
  yes , i remember those . 
  makes me feel old . 
  at least , we 'd never invade countries just to erect an empire , 
  was that the polski fiat ? 
   in a tweet to his 1.6 million followers , u.s. economist paul krugman dubbed the revision from an original growth estimate of 7.8 percent `` leprechaun economics . '', 
  i see krugman is still pissed that ireland is not crumbling as he had decreed , but growing . 
  that 's [ proving him wrong ] ( http://www.irishcentral.com/news/famous-ny-times-columnist-got-ireland-all-wrong.html ) , and if his inflated ego can not stand something , then it 's being wrong . 
  krugman is completely peeved by irish austerity and over the years has devoted an inane amount of time trashing ireland 's austerity plan . 
  in his blog articles , he has consistently predicted the country 's imminent economic demise .
