  the constant confusion between economic migrants and refugees helps no one . 
  if refugees prove a net plus , that 's great but that 's not the point . 
  if you take zerohedge serious , that is . 
  i do n't see how you 'd arrive at that conclusion . 
  the worst fighting was over when russia decided to halt their advance on mariupol and the donezk airport fell to the rebels . 
  in the end , it was probably the downing of the malaysian airliner that convinced putin that at the end of that road lay ruin . 
  that coupled with the successful occupation of crimea and with a ukrainian government that started to understand that they were in a lose/lose situation and the lesser damage would be done if they stop fighting . 
  that describes the situation with muslim migrants pretty well over here - most are well integrated , and some in the second and third generation are so distanced from both their ancestral culture and our culture that they become either complete losers or jihadists . 
  look , i am tired to always get everything that does n't work get thrown in my face . 
  if you really care about why things are like they are , ask . 
  but do n't ask to blame us like you just did . 
  yeah , we are the current scapegoat for everything that goes wrong in europe . 
  so sue us . 
  i sincerely hope sa is not what we are trying to become . 
  i do n't see what the fact they are assholes has to do with our own behavior . 
  i do n't quite understand the `` again '' part , i must say . 
  i do n't see a muslim power-grab either in may country or in the uk . 
  among every group you will have extremists and assholes , but that does n't mean they will somehow get more rights than other people . 
  maybe start with the uk and us fucking up the middle east ? 
  if he can back it up ( and is not cheating * ) i 'll eat my hat . 
  [ \\* ] cheating in that sense means for example : * voluntary * courts that try to mediate conflicts on the basis of religion , like the [ muslim arbitration tribunals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muslim_arbitration_tribunal ) in the uk . 
  i am not terribly fond of them , but they are completely different from districts under sharia law , because their scope is limited to civil cases and calling them instead of the british law system is voluntary . 
  wise words ... 
  it seems we are moving towards the super-partisan style of politics the us has had for some time now instead the compromise-oriented politics we had for a long time now . 
   it might be like sweden , where there are 54 districts , where sharia [ islamic law ] has become obligatory lol , that 's some prawda shit . 
  do people seriously believe this ? 
  oh , panties are all bunched again ? 
  i do argue with thoughtful people , not with idiots . 
  repost : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3lcccn/germany_seeks_stricter_limits_on_migrants_rolling/, 
  guys like you explain ** absolutely fucking nothing ** . 
  all you do is vomit your fears all over the place . 
  especially you . 
  of all the things ... 
  interesting read , that runs counter to the accepted narrative about turkey over here . 
  yeah well , their behavior turns me off , just read the bydlo garbage here - everyone is an expert on muslim extremists and islam all of a sudden . 
  especially redditors from countries where muslims make up 1 % of the population or less . 
  it 's a goddamn hypocritical shitshow . 
  and i am not even a leftie - in fact i got a lot of flak for being conservative just a couple of weeks back . 
  the / r/europe from today is a far cry from what it had been two years ago . 
  it became a default subreddit for all from europe and the number of subscribers exploded . 
  then with the refugee crises , the eternal september came and now it is what the other european subreddit had been . 
  nationalistic , hateful , right-wing . 
  dude , +48 in res . 
  you astroturf and then use secondary accounts to upvote ? 
  but alsace and bordering german regions work together in euroregion and eurodistrict cooperation a lot , similar to euregio and other cooperations between dutch and german regions . 
  to met , that 's preferable to every region becoming their own country . 
  come on over , little alsace , 
   why should 30mil people get so much help and then be able to leave when they are asked to help ? 
  is that the official reason ? 
  because i do n't really think that 's the true reason at all  i believe countries develop like organism and do n't want to lose parts . 
  those are remnants of the old idea that countries are more important than humans . 
  anyways , the same thinking applies to spain and the eu certainly does n't want to be seen as aiding separatists . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  secession is serious business and states do n't take kindly to that at all . 
  so in the grand scheme of things , the eu warning is rather mild . 
  and i think its better the eu makes clear the rules before any referendum takes place so as not to create false hopes . 
  personally , i do n't like this fixation of states on their territorial integrity . 
  if a region is so unhappy it wants to got , it might have good reasons . 
  i am pretty sure i read an eu official denying that it would work that way . 
  they were basically told `` if you depart from the uk on good terms , we 'll expedite your accession . '', 
  the u.s. is a nation built by immigrants , you have a long tradition and the experience that integration can work . 
  europe has fought bloody battles over nationality and race for ages . 
  those have lessened but the last is just 20 years over . 
  lots of people are scared of the foreign , no matter if there is a rational basis . 
  and you have a strong redneck bias in this subreddit - ordinary citizens care much less about islamization of the occident as the resident pegida would like you believe . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't know the situation in the southern u.s. 
  enough but it seems they have a semi failed state right at their door - beheadings and civil war included . 
  non-whites will be the majority in a generation or so and integration of latinos seems tough as well . 
  but that was quite a big point before the scottish referendum as well ? 
  if i recall right , the spanish government threatened to block scottish eu accession in case of an unilateral split from britain . 
  how would washington react to a unilateral secession of a state or region ? 
  moscow ? 
  i all of those cases it would be the clear threat of bloodshed from day one . 
  looks like an improvement to the map :p, 
   how much eu funding are you getting ? 
  every new eu member has to eventually adopt the eur . 
  you are misinformed . 
  maybe , i did n't include it because i know little about the welfare levels in southern europe vs. the east . 
  ah , very good . 
  i detest meta-posts if they clog the subreddit , but having a dedicated place is welcome . 
  you should crosspost mod-announcements to that subreddit as well . 
  i guess it 's more likely three factors : - wages are lower , which makes the countries in the east attractive to western investments into labor-intensive industries . 
  - eastern europe is still playing catch-up with the western countries in terms of rebuilding infrastructure . 
  that creates jobs . 
  - the exodus of people from the east after the fall of socialism relaxes the labor market somehow . 
  at any rate , the eastern countries just seem to do something right there . 
   flashing leds that 's a dead giveaway of a bomb . 
  i bet even moab 's have a flashing led somewhere . 
   i meant specifically that islamic people are well supported in the media it seems . 
  especially in the tabloids ... 
  did you have to blow him ? 
  so an undercover dane in sweden talks about explosions there ... , 
   rather than close , bradford reform synagogue 's future is brighter than ever after the intervention of bradford 's muslim community , which according to the 2011 census outnumbers the city 's jews by 129,041 to 299 . 
   a fundraising effort -- led by the secretary of a nearby mosque , together with the owner of a popular curry house and a local textile magnate -- has secured the long-term future of the synagogue and forged a friendship between bradfordian followers of islam and judaism . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/dec/20/bradford-synagogue-saved-muslims-jews )  muslims and jews living in the same north london neighbourhood are making a stand together against hate crime amid concerns of an increased threat to both communities in the aftermath of the paris attacks . 
   relations between the two communities in stamford hill have deep roots , dating back to the arrival of muslim migrants from south asia from the late 1950s onwards . 
  among those who initially welcomed and helped them settle was a small community of hindi-speaking indian-born jews . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/features/2015/01/uk-jews-muslims-team-hate-150127091540305.html )  local muslims in the town of arlon , in southeast belgium , are appealing to raise funds to repair the town 's synagogue -- the oldest synagogue in belgium -- which was closed last year because of danger of collapse from the damage from moisture and dry rot . 
   local media quoted mohamed bouezmarni , general secretary of the muslim association , as saying that the the association had decided to organize a fundraising drive `` to provide help and testify publicly our solidarity .
