  this . 
  i can buy 1.5 l of bottled water for 40ct over here . 
  they are torturing the facts very much to match their headline . 
  still , milk is extremely cheap and in the long run , this is unsustainable . 
   a significant portion of muslim immigrants refuse to identify with any cultural elements of their host countries ^ [ citation ^ required ] . 
  also : no facts or figures . 
  just ask iran or south africa . 
  people were not rioting against their leadership either . 
  but eventually , in both countries , the politicians had to realize they could not go on like that forever . 
  sanctions take a truckload of time . 
  that 's a problem in our time where everything has to work in 3 month or else . 
  guy 's not leftist at all :  hordes of refugees and other migrants should have moved me . 
  it has not : i 'm actually pissed off by europe 's suicidal reflexes  when it comes to the `` refugee crisis '' ( a crisis of a migratory invasion actually ) , it 's sad that one can only wait for the extreme-right to do something if that 's not right-wing talk , i 'll eat my hat . 
   they are n't quite there yet with black people that 's a nice way to put it . 
  so before they get all preachy about how to integrate a certain group , they could just stop impersonating the three monkeys and take on a couple of syrian or eritrean refugees for a change . 
   omit or use loaded terms . 
  haha , so `` female colleague '' is now a loaded term . 
  it get 's better by the hour . 
  yes , unless the colleague was a martial arts fighter , there would be a distinct physical difference between attacker and victim . 
  claiming the mention of this is due to agenda reeks of a different agenda . 
  why not leave out some other parts ? 
  has nothing to do with eu and she is n't even a jew . 
  and it could have been any kind of object . 
  or any body part . 
  so let 's go with * official resigns after hitting a colleague with an object and attempting to strangle her while calling her dirty * . 
  much more objective now . 
  so next we should term wife-beaters spouse-beaters in the sake of pc ? 
  http://www.timesofmalta.com/articles/view/20150903/local/updated-maltese-eu-official-investigated-over-anti-semitic-assault.583043 quite the nice guy , distributed child porn in his time too . 
  really , if you expect the rest of europe to pass every decision through ukip , you are clearly delusional . 
  the uk is moving towards nationalism with or without the eu . 
  out of 50 . 
  so cry me a river about censorship . 
  well , yes . 
  you also took on 1500 refugees from syria since 2011 , if memory serves . 
  so please tell us how to successfully integrate such masses , you are just so great at it . 
  well , i know it 's hard to stomach , but not everything is about the uk in this world . 
  as usual : the sky would have fallen by now . 
  ** the netherlands ** small enough to not have ambitions at power projection , large enough to be a relevant economy . 
  mostly liberal , forward thinking and innovative . 
  nothing beats the holy roman empire . 
  best country ever . 
  mimimi attacking someone personally instead of his arguments . 
  that 's some high-class posting right there . 
  and look what they have done to our beautiful nationalistic europe . 
  before they took office , it was neatly divided in east and west , with a clean border in between . 
  even before , countries were not cooperating but warring their neighbors . 
  now , since the cultural marxists have taken hold ? 
  hardly any war anymore ( russia is the glowing exception ) , cross-country economic cooperation , students learning about other cultures . 
  it 's a genocide on european peoples , really !, 
  solar is just one example of renewables ? 
  there are no sanctions against energy imports from russia . 
  i would be * extremely * happy if there were , but the first to suffer would be eastern europe . 
  furthermore , the refugee crisis is not germany 's pet project . 
  every fucking country is required to take on refugees by the un declaration of human rights , art . 
  there 's hardly any hard-core lefties but lots of right-wing bydlo . 
  rapallo , i guess , 
   we are not as rich as you and we can not really afford 100 % green energy . 
  no one tells you you have to . 
  but you can not indefinitely tell everyone you are too poor for change , that 's the way to a stagnant economy like greece . 
  visit china and you 'll see a huge lot of solar installations . 
  while their eco track record is bad , they are really invested in change . 
  yes , but some seem to think solidarity is a one-way thing - taking transfers is a given , but everything else is conditional . 
   the far left wing posters oh look , that strawman again . 
  thanks for that . 
  that position has become so incredibly rare . 
   telling people who are concerned about their country/the eu xenophobes and racists only makes matters worse . 
  that 's not the kind of people the guy above was referring to . 
  if you cross the line from having worries towards `` hurr , white man genocide '' or believe all refugees are just economic migrants or believe your country has no obligation to do something , you are still a cunt . 
   huge thanks to the guy who made geasemonkey script to filter out some posts . 
  really nice work . 
  thanks  if there are requests for improvements , let me know via username mention . 
  as our societies are aging , they get more fearful ( about everything from migrants to economic crisis ) and that plays into the hands of the right . 
  we wo n't see a liberal decade like the 70 's with their huge wave of baby-boomers again for a long time . 
   and i do n't really understand that germans demands solidarity in refugees crisis , and on the other side i see harmful energetical moves . 
  what the hell does one thing have to do with the other ? 
  the refugee crisis is an international humanitarian crisis that needs a political solution . 
  this here is about companies securing access to cheap and secure energy . 
  western germany has had gas contracts with the ussr back in the cold war without turning traitor . 
  there 's really not much to see here . 
  did you take the time to look up who profits from eu transfer payments and who pays for the fun ? 
  do it , then come back . 
  you do get your panties in a bunch real easy , do n't you ? 
  that 's a simple economic decision to route around ukraine and has nothing to do with poland . 
   is that a common problem in germany ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  every shop has a electronic cash register . 
  tax evasion is common among hookers and service jobs that do n't handout bills ( personal trainers , baby sitters ) and craftspeople . 
  happiness is also something the americans do . 
  we do n't want that stuff over here . 
  in supermarkets in germany it 's no problem , but at the bakery , the pharmacy ... 
  meanwhile in germany : lots of shops accept only cash for purchases of less than 20 $ : / i want to emigrate to denmark where you can pay with plastic everywhere . 
  i was born down there , i know the ins and outs of insulting in the l\u00e4ndle , 
  this must not happen , gelbf\u00fcssler !, 
  where would your youth migrate to ? 
  no , little bolan , relax , it 's not about clay . 
   not like we have any chance of becoming a police state in even 30 years . 
  fingers crossed , and the eu membership would help prevent it . 
  still , as a syrian i would not feel safe in hungary , sorry to say . 
  not with the prospect i 'll most likely have to stay there for 10 years till that isis shit is over . 
  fat health warning labels on every pack of cigs .
