  no idea if that 's true and why it does not happen faster in europe . 
  not just the german numbers , but useful for comparison across the eu countries . 
   denmark had the highest labour costs per hour worked ( 42.00 euros ) , bulgaria the lowest ( 3.80 euros ) . 
   employers in the german private sector paid an average 31.80 euros per hour worked in 2014 . 
  [ ... ] germany ranked eighth within the european union ( eu ) in that year . 
  compared with the eu average , employers in the german private sector paid 30 % more per hour worked . 
  [ ... ]  as regards manufacturing , which is particularly subject to international competition , the price of one hour worked in germany amounted to an average 37.00 euros in 2014 . 
  here , germany ranked fourth among the eu countries . 
  the price of one hour worked in the german industry was 46 % higher than the eu average, 
  because ? 
  bullshit , the eu will never have the balls to pull this off . 
  the solution less in africa , only if and when the countries there stabilize enough will the flow of refugees stop . 
  stabilizing those countries will take ages , however . 
  with shrinking populations here and growing ones there , europe will be africanized , no doubt about that . 
  so , which socialist states do we have in europe ? 
  i am not so sure . 
  how many consolidation economies are there , really ? 
  i can think of germany and that 's more or less it . 
  i fail to see a broad trend - if anything the current hang-over from the post-2008 debt orgy might be the aberration . 
   the fact that he writes article like `` how will capitalism end '' further proves that he has a political agenda because you can totally judge him based on a headline and 10s of googling ? 
  that 's a bit presumptuous . 
  you sure ? 
  i never heard about that , only that they do n't want to extend nato to include georgia and ukraine . 
  i am pretty sure sweden just has to ask . 
  i do n't understand why sweden does not do this . 
   one could argue that putin knows that france and germany will not accept a sweden membership in nato wat ? 
  why would that be ? 
  apart from afghanistan , the ussr was much less territorially aggressive than russia today . 
  and nobody would invade a nato country . 
  that 's the problem , the west would never do this . 
  the odds if sweden being invaded is so much higher without nato though . 
  well , such a cable is easily damaged , no ? 
  would be a shame if anything happens to it ... 
  that has been tried , of course . 
  it only solidified their world-view that police are their enemy and a fascist force . 
  things got better when police had specially trained anti-escalation teams and citizens organized peaceful festivals at the same time . 
  could be a lot of things : - debt forgiveness - switching from higher interest loans to low interest loans - buying out the imf - eurobonds - moving back repayment dates, 
  depends on who `` we '' is . 
  ireland is growing like crazy . 
  but do n't hold me accountable , i am not convinced there will be eternal growth in every country , not with an aging population , rationalization of production and over-saturation with goods . 
  so , in that light , germany 's way makes sense . 
  whether this can be a policy for all eu countries , i just do n't know . 
   of course , it 's germany !, 
  no , fraport . 
   today merkel also made a pretty strange statement on the issue gauck has more freedom to try out ideas because he is more of a representational figure . 
  his words carry some weight and he obviously tries to get a debate going , but if it catches on i do n't know . 
  i ca n't believe berlin is going to enter into negotiations on reparations , that is fraught with danger as the eastern european nations would demand equal treatment . 
  regarding merkel , i listenend to the podcast , but i am not totally sure what she is trying to say . 
  prompted on the infamous forced loan ( not the reparations ) she pretty clearly say there ca n't be a unilateral end to historical responsibility . 
  but then she quickly goes on : `` at the same time , the wish of young people is understandable that they do not want to have their space [ meaning economical outlook ] completely cut just because we lived above our means today or 20 years ago or recently and therefore i say we have to be careful not to go to deep into debt - especially considering europe 's youth . '', 
  i am confused if that 's a sign that she is amendable to e.g. 
  creating a greek/german foundation or paying back the forced loan or if she 's just sending some prayers and then pointing out that everyone should do like germany and stop taking out new loans . 
  i would not read too much into this - yet . 
  merkel in the last weeks has said several times that everything needs to be done to keep greece in the ez , but seems to be waiting for your country to push through some tough reforms . 
   the slavish pursuit by merkel of washington 's anti-russian policy over ukraine -- in contradistinction to her country 's national interests -- also cogently suggests that the chancellor is serving a foreign master . 
  this really makes me want to torch their offices . 
  yeah , the bnd scandal is a scandal allright , but fuck you , our national interest is best served by sticking with the usa and boycotting russia . 
  well , i have been there and seen how a whole part of town was cordoned off , how small turkish mom-and-pop shops had their windows smashed in , how vw golf were torched . 
  i could n't believe my eyes . 
  shit made me ( young , urban , left ) moderately conservative . 
  and no , it has nothing to do with the traditional worker 's day celebrations . 
  man , you are an idiot to come over so strongly without consulting google first . 
   specifically , this term may refer to the 1st of may 1987 , when particularly severe unrest hit kreuzberg and the berlin police had to retreat entirely from district so 36 ( a part of kreuzberg ) for several hours . 
  since then , autonome ( socialists ) and anti-fascist groups have been organizing one or more so-called `` revolutionary 1st of may demonstrations '' almost every year . 
  there can be riots in the night before or after the 1st of may . 
  [ english ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/may_day_in_kreuzberg ) , [ german ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/erster_mai_in_kreuzberg ) * spiegel online * even has their own theme page called [ mai krawalle ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/thema/mai_demonstrationen/ ) dedicated to the street fights mainly . 
  if you need more sources , just google `` mai krawalle '', 
  i doubt israel would even want to . 
  this would seriously restrict their foreign policy and they would have some verdicts from the ejc coming their way considering how they treat palestinians . 
  i think they are content with their strong relationship with the usa , i do n't see what they 'd gain from eu membership . 
  i guess / u/encorellanita is referring to the 78m turks living there and the growth of the population which would make turkey the most populous member state in a few years . 
  this would conceivably bring about a couple of problems because unlike the most candidates it would shift voting power in the eu institutions tremendously . 
  not australia . 
  at least not with their current government and coal economy . 
  that sounds completely different than what the original post makes it to be . 
  most likely he wanted to tell the lads that he is no career politician and does not intend to become one . 
  i think you underestimate that northern finance ministers are convinced that without business-friendly reforms greece will never get on its feet . 
  they believe that without the prospect of default , greece will just take a debt restructuring and then do nothing to become more competitive or independent from financial infusions . 
  in essence , they fear the uncoordinated , unorganized beginning of a transfer union . 
  so , they are keeping greece on a short leash to make sure promises are actually kept . 
  this of course did not go down very well with the greek electorate and now they have syriza and varoufakis . 
  ideally , greece would have taken the initiative on reforms to over-deliver and then ask for the relaxation of program terms . 
   syriza has still not received the 8 billion from the 2nd bailout and is currently 100 % opposed to a 3rd bailout as part of their core party principles . 
  i do n't see how they can sustain that opposition through summer , though . 
   what do you plan to do to fix the situation ? 
  basically : grow , grow , grow . 
  if you can stabilize your debt and still grow , then the debt/gdp ratio gets lower . 
  whether perpetual growth is possible is an open question , though . 
  which basically means that owners of less expensive cars pay for the torched luxury cars . 
   i mean , could n't you just send the army in ? 
  not in germany , the constitution forbids it ( which is a good thing ) . 
  escalation via riot police has been tried for 15 years and mostly failed to stop it . 
  however , we just assimilate them and make them [ foreign minister ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joschka_fischer ) . 
  it 's a [ 70 's ideology ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/autonomism ) where `` the system '' benefits only the rich and companies and autonomous cells try to counteract the system forces . 
  due to it 's marxist roots , you 'll probably not have it as much in the post-socialist countries . 
   more than 9/10 of the people i know that have ever spoken/mentioned/reacted on the subject do n't really want any more immigration most people i know would be ok with more immigration , they just do n't want a lot of refugees and badly qualified people as immigrants . 
  a huge fence in africa and a point-based immigration scheme would probably be fine with them . 
  if they are like our anarchists , then they would target expensive cars . 
  which frequently are german-built . 
  i think poland waived all future reparations during soviet times - thank god , otherwise we 'd be broke .
