  that 's not the main market . 
  the main market are people who want to get to b from a. 
  and a lot of those will happily pick up a autonomous car . 
  the german car industry is in bad shape , since they slept soundly through the beginnings of the battery-powered car revolution . 
  20 years ago , they blew money on fuel cells ( granted , it seemed like a great idea ) and then stopped to innovate as that fell flat . 
  now , they are sitting on old technology . 
  considering there 's only one european nato member with nukes , the u.s. ca n't simply look the other way . 
  or if you do , you should end nato and we should cancel the npt . 
  i would n't disagree , but now there 's precedent - and against an invisible hybrid attack , that could be useful for the baltic states . 
  uhm , the usa invoked art . 
  5 after 9/11 - there was clearly no nation state attacking them . 
  nato pondered whether that attack was directed from abroad and came to the conclusion that yes , it was . 
  that was enough . 
  it would n't be different if unmarked soldiers just started popping up in the baltics . 
  it would be different if one of the russian minorities started strikes and demonstrations and the government of that country tried to call nato to suppress those strikes . 
  trust / r/europe to start foaming about everything a member of the eu says , 
   working with russia means victory for saa , defeat for jihadist groups ... and death to kurds . 
  and to everyone who happens to disagree with assad - russia is n't known as the prison of nations for nothing . 
  there 's some hope he 'd be so preoccupied with installing his cronies and filling his pockets that he 'd be unable to do much damage . 
  you still have breitbart . 
   politicians should be capable of acting dimplomatically and with restraint . 
  so , like trump , you say ? 
  the eu is certainly not in the best condition and not a world power . 
  but they are the most rational of the big powers , i 'd say . 
   talking about other countries politics . 
  that 's of course [ unprecedented ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36295208 )  god , the mainland has just thrown everything out of the window and are going their own way are n't they . 
  without you , as i might add . 
  duterte would be a likely candidate . 
  in a case like that reported in the article : from the photo . 
  what specialist knowledge does schulz claim ? 
  i do n't think there 's a lot love lost between say merkel and trump after what he said about her . 
  and trump and schulz wo n't get along well even on a good day . 
  so in the end , the additional fallout would be not too bad , i guess . 
  bad news is that a prez trump would seriously damage us/european relations anyways . 
  schulz is talking about a lot of stuff in the interview besides trump : - state of the eu - economic disparities in the union - youth unemployment - brexit money quote :  trump is not just a problem for the eu , but for the whole world . 
  when a man ends up in the white house who boasts about not having a clue and who says that specialist knowledge is elite nonsense , then a critical point has been reached . 
  then you will have an obviously irresponsible man sitting in a position that requires the utmost degree of responsibility . 
  my worry is that he may inspire copycats , also in europe . 
  that 's why i hope hillary clinton wins . 
  got ta be fun if trump indeed gets elected . 
  could you give some background on how * ta\u1e25arrush gam\u0101 * , especially the [ new year 's mass assaults ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_year's_eve_sexual_assaults_in_germany ) are seen at your country ( asking since most perpetrators seem to come from northern africa ) and what 's the cultural background for such a behavior is ? 
  i am happy it is gone - one of the few things hitler got right , 
  i will not lie , i would be hesitant to invite someone with a henna died beard or a headscarf to a job interview as much as i would be hesitant to invite someone who wears `` thor steinar '' gear . 
   1900-05 , applied orig . 
  to camps where noncombatants were placed during the boer war this is [ where the term originated ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/concentration-camp ) . 
  and yes , this is pretty much what the aussies are doing . 
  my point is that you do n't need a deep understanding of how banks work to see that db is extremely shady - and they were not the only bank to fuck up libor and other fraud . 
  there is a reason people are angry at banks , and it 's not ignorance . 
  oh come on , db is on the hook for a couple of bn all in all because they were involved in a lot of the scandals of the last years . 
  it 's really no surprise people detest them . 
  i ca n't understand why bafin does n't withdraw their banking license unless they are thoroughly purged and split up . 
  as it stands , this company has the chance to damage the german economy . 
  hate to break it to you , but you guys are on the way out . 
  does n't make any sense any more to include you in such deliberations . 
  uh , you do recognize [ eurocorps ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurocorps ) is already located in france - and they speak english as the working language there ? 
  imo it would be a good nucleus for a eu army . 
  the french can play at a team , in working relationships they realize their dreams of french as the * lingua franca * are just that - dreams . 
  because italy does n't have nukes , does n't have flattops , strategic subs , a seat in the un security council and no modern heavy air lifters . 
  i am not a very huge fan of a shared eu army , but if we are to have something like that , it should be headquartered in a state that takes military issues dead serious . 
  of which there is only one in the eu ( imo ) . 
  like which ? 
  apart from the usual `` the french want all the cookies , no fair ! '', 
  no , any coalition with more votes than other constellations can form the government . 
  it is considered somewhat impolite to form a coalition without the strongest party , but that 's just a convention . 
  re : your original question - all parties have ruled out a coalition with the afd , whereas most other combinations have either historically happened ( like spd/linke/green ) or are at least not actively denied ( cdu/fdp/green ) . 
  similarly , in federal elections , no one speculates about cdu/linke coalitions , because they are unthinkable . 
  for being the direct descendant of the gdr state party . 
  not this time ... 
  no , it should be located in france . 
  they are the only ones with nukes in the eu and have the most competent army with the most combat experience . 
  idk , i wonder if it 's a glitch in the data . 
  yeah , berlin [ is growing like crazy ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/datei:berlin_population3.svg ) with a lot of start-ups attracting young people . 
  you can see that fat blue halo around berlin where people settle who work in berlin . 
   why are so many young people leaving poland these days ? 
  polish colleague tells me germany has more interesting and well-paying jobs for one and secondly , he feels that germany has a more developed and more free society . 
  i took it verbatim from the '' [ focus ] ( http://www.focus.de/finanzen/news/wenn-integration-misslingt-studie-ermittelt-fluechtlinge-koennten-deutschland-bis-zu-400-milliarden-euro-kosten_id_5472098.html ) '' article posted below somewhere :  um die betr\u00e4ge anschaulicher zu machen , rechnen die experten die summen auf den einzelnen bundesb\u00fcrger um . 
  should have known those guys ca n't do mathematics . 
  or maybe they factored in that not 100 % of tax revenue comes from income tax , idk . 
  or 86 eur per head and year in additional taxes in the worst case . 
  scary . 
  it 's really easy if you take a minute to google , he is exploiting poe 's law for fun and to show people how easily they are trolled . 
  the corollary of poe 's law is that people are so easily enraged they become too dumb to even google before blowing their top . 
  that 's what sonneborn is living for . 
  you certainly wanted to write `` quite a few populist politicians '' ? 
  and no , the mindset wo n't go away just because you leave . 
  sweden is in nato ? 
  as / u/frustrick wrote in a [ completely different context ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/52mknu/isis_celebrates_eid_by_slaughtering_19_syrians/d7lq95s ) :  if you want to gather people to support you , pander to the lowest common denominator and yell loud enough . 
  combine the yelling with hollywood style action and romanticism and suddenly you got some staunch supporters . 
  use these supporters as you will to obtain whatever you actually want in the first place . 
  worked for farage and his show-man style . 
   the ukip meps i came across were far too focused on the next european parliamentary election and their salary package  i got a nation that was divided and a political career that quickly turned sour . 
  so , populists are in it for the money , to put their snouts in the big trough ? 
  suprise , suprise . 
   in his annual state of the union address to the european parliament , juncker will say commonality between eu member states has never been so low , with governments everywhere quicker to say what they do n't want from brussels rather than work together . 
   the eu executive hopes to find the elusive common ground with a plan to boost the eu 's infrastructure fund by increasing its value to $ 500bn ( # 425bn ) . 
  juncker will also press for speedy implementation of a recently agreed law to create an eu border and coastguard to ensure better control of migrants arriving from the middle east and africa . 
  what do you expect from british tabloids ? 
  i am surprised they write full sentences . 
  it has a couple of effects , among them devaluation of the eur , thereby beggaring the rest of the world to fix the emu economies . 
  it theoretically frees money the banks could use to lend to companies that want to invest , but a lot of companies are no longer very keen on investing in europe , so that has largely failed .
