  even making it personal in a 2010 column where he mocked , `` [ the best thing about the irish right now is that there are so few of them ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2010/11/29/opinion/29krugman.html ) . '' which i found especially tasteful , considering the history of ireland 's past with famine . 
  that 's after he [ royally pissed of estonia ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/reliable-source/post/estonian-president-hammers-paul-krugman-on-twitter/2012/06/07/gjqapu0zlv_blog.html ) for not imploding even though they chose a different path than what he prescribed . 
  after [ a twitter fight ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-07-20/krugmenistan-vs-dot-estonia ) with the then president of estonia , even international media took note . 
  so , now ireland gets bullied . 
  again . 
  oh , and congrats ireland . 
  even if the 26 % is inflated , the real number of something like 7-8 % is extremely impressive . 
  why the hell are semi automatics allowed at all ? 
   while everybody blames germany for not being ready to lead , the only time that european countries come together is when germany tries to do just that . 
  in short , everybody is against german leadership . 
  there 's that . 
  how 's the chance that your president will be female and go on and destroy the eur ? 
  and yes , we have federal elections . 
  the right-wingers will make it to parliament for the first time in 50 years , so there will be a lot of unfriendly noise from here . 
  sucks to be you , huh  ca n't stop financing nato but ca n't bully others around too much either . 
  ca n't you both just i do n't know , like form a common country ? 
  you could call it yugo or something . 
  last time i checked your troops have n't been thrown out of any european country . 
  even after openly spying on everyone left , right , and center , nothing happened . 
  i guess that 's worth a couple of bn per year . 
  that ca n't be real . 
  edit : fainted , read german news for corroboration , fainted again . 
  is the idea here to punish the british voters even more or what ? 
  having boris in cabinet must be bad enough , but selecting the guy who is most likely to do damage as the foreign minister strikes me as kind of insane . 
  uh , the usa would n't be the only ones doing the pressuring . 
  do n't believe france or the uk would allow other eu states to develop nukes . 
  we should have a `` buy eu clause '' . 
  just to fuck with u.s.weapons producers . 
  to secure your influence . 
  you do n't pay for the lion 's share of european defense spending out of the goodness of your heart . 
  he has a point , though . 
  the usa just pressured japan into sending some tons of highly enriched uranium to u.s.storage . 
  well , we have shared command with the usa over the nukes on our territory . 
  in war time , german pilots would drop them . 
  at least that 's what the treaties say . 
  i would n't bet on it . 
  i 'll believe it when i see it implemented . 
  it would be great , but considering the soldiers wo n't even speak the same language , i have serious doubts it 's possible to forge a powerful force of the soldiers of both countries . 
  well , they got a 50 % debt relief , so there 's that . 
  that 's because swedes are so superior you ca n't even recognize it . 
  man , there 's a lot of dick-waving and grandstanding here . 
  the simple truth is : the uk wanted out , they did n't say anything about your mother . 
  the uk remains a democratic country of european heritage ( whether they like it or not ) , and it 's in the best interest of both sides to have amicable relations . 
  furthermore , the actual separation process is triggered by the uk , whether we like it or not . 
  they could well take 5 years to invoke art . 
  in that time , they have extreme leverage over the eu , so let 's hope they play it fair . 
  after that , the eu has extreme leverage , so let 's be fair then . 
  in the end ( whether i like it or not ) , the eu will probably give them some token restrictions on freedom of migration - restrictions that can then be used to satisfy our own right-wing populists by denying people from other eu states ( looking at you , romania and bulgaria ) entry if they have a hard time finding work . 
  everyone needs to get the next one fine soon . 
  next year sees federal elections in germany and there will be no more bailout right before that election . 
  then keep your painters to yourself . 
  migrants in germany have 1.8 children per women , the population is expected to decline , not stay stable, 
  not an expert on poland , but i believe they have huge coal mining in some parts of the country and i believe i read that - similar to ukraine - the miners are not exactly the most open about progressive values . 
  or renewables . 
   people working in offices can , under optimal circumstances , easily work past 70 idk . 
  i work as a software developer and i do n't think i will be able to fulfill that role with 65 + - impossible with 75 . 
  so basically , i will have to either become a manager or accept a job with a lower qualification and lower salary . 
  i do understand the rationale , but it awfully reminds me of a covert plan to lower pensions by forcing people into `` early '' retirement . 
  i believe everyone with german citizenship ( yes , muslims as well ) . 
  no matter what we do , we always end up as reichtangle , 
  i do n't get the point , the german was right , after all . 
  i think it * is * discussed , it 's just no one really has an idea what to do about it or what the deeper-seated issues really are . 
  nope , it 's 1.47 across the whole population and 1.42 for native germans . 
  source : https://www.destatis.de/de/presseservice/presse/pressemitteilungen/2015/12/pd15_468_126.html, 
  part of the liberal hipster homogay culture that wants to take away their meat dishes . 
  oh , and people biking are suspicious too . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  quote from pis foreign minister , [ interview with bild , january 2016 ] ( http://www.bild.de/bildlive/2016/14-polen-minister-44000764.bild.html ) :  we just want to cure our country from several diseases , so it could heal . 
  previous government pursued a specific concept of leftist politics . 
  as if the world must go in one direction of a marxist pattern : a new mix of cultures and races , a world made of bikers and vegetarians , who only use renewable energy sources and combat any manifestations of religion . 
  it has nothing to do with the traditional polish values . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's one contributing factor , but eg . 
  in poland , vegetarians , lgbt activists are the enemy now . 
  elsewhere , populists are railing against the eur or any kind of european collaboration . 
  over here , populists want to end nato and cozy up to moscow . 
  well no , she ca n't be sure of the survival of the eu , not after brexit and with the slow growth and the problems piling up . 
  so i guess the last thing she needs is a britain that blocks any progress to get a better deal . 
  that 's actually not completely wrong ... 
  downside of that : even less well know politicians will take seat there . 
  and the danger of corruption gets higher . 
  i know it 's not well liked among populists , but paying mp 's good salaries makes a lot of sense . 
  it 's now like a couple hundred persons earning above-average salaries is a drag on public finances . 
  i have n't heard anyone describe the scots as obedient of all things ... 
  except money ca n't default . 
   we can afford some additional infrastructure expenditures we absolutely should do that , but given the complexity of our planning processes , this will not significantly raise our expenditure until 10 years later . 
  can we somehow make you chancellor ? 
  * shhhhh * do n't tell anyone , but we are n't hoarding money , we hoard debt that will never be paid back and amount to little more than transfer payments . 
  basically , it 's the fiscal union in disguise . 
  is the uk out of the talks , though ? 
  it should be , but since they are dragging their feet invoking art . 
  50 , they retain full eu membership . 
  i seem to remember they are deployed on dolphin class subs . 
  guess who can remotely open the valves , 
  you could attack the argument , not the person ... 
  i agree . 
  i do n't have any idea what our guys are doing there . 
  turkey is perfectly capable of defending themselves . 
  our defense minister told us germany 's freedom was defended at the hindukush . 
  it was simply cringe-worthy .
