  just put yourself in the situation of someone living east of the former iron curtain : all countries in the west had working democracy , a functioning economy and a lot of freedom to choose their own destiny . 
  not so in the east where the ussr was the hegemon . 
  depends on the economic situation . 
  if the russian population gets richer , they will stop voting in lunatics , like in every other country i can think of . 
  all the russians i have met over here got their head on their shoulders - granted they emigrated , but where they came from , there 's more of them . 
  my own country used to be a chauvinistic asshole-country over long stretches of time even before hitler and yet after catastrophically losing a war and getting rich , we are well-liked and mostly trusted . 
  i probably would n't trust russia for 20 or 30 years , but i see no reason why they would always be the lunatic of the nations north of the equator . 
  for a time , they did quite well , depicting swastikas thrown into trash bins . 
  but then their leader in essence nuked the movement . 
  i still do n't know what to make of them - legitimate if unappealing right wing populists or stealthy nazis ... 
   but that means that you ca n't explain the crisis simply by saying `` public debt bad , private debt good '' , like the article did i am not sure it does . 
  near the end , he writes : `` large current account deficits are not a problem per se . 
  large net external liabilities do not necessarily lead to a sudden stop and exchange rate problems , as long as it reflects prior productive capital inflows . 
  in contrast , if capital inflows are driven by reckless fiscal policy ( or unsustainable private sector housing booms such as in ireland and spain ) that are spent unproductively in a weak state , a balance of payments crisis can be the result . 
  substantial down-hill capital flows can work but only if put to a good use . '', 
  i read this as `` lending * per se * is ok if you use it to strengthen your economy , but too much private or public lending for consumption is dangerous '' . 
  it 's a pity he does not define `` put to a good use '' . 
   by your logic , if greece used its public debts to create new state-owned manufacturing industries everything would have worked out . 
  i am not a huge fan of state-owned companies because i believe they are more often than not not very efficient , focused or innovative , but yes , maybe . 
  i must confess i am entering the twilight zone of my economic understanding here , but i believe things like special economic zones with lax regulation , lower wages and taxes would be one way to invest borrowed money `` to a good use '' ( china did this a lot ) . 
  also partial startup funding or aid for people who want to get self-employed . 
  my personal take-home message from the article is : greece violated keynesian economics by deficit-spending in good time and set themselves up for a nasty surprise once times got tough because they exhausted their fire-power before . 
  the problem with the article is ( he skims the subject ) that according to a bulgarian colleague of mine , bulgaria is a poor-house and everyone who can find a job elsewhere leaves the country . 
  over the long run , such a brain drain is bad , but the direct effects are positive : less job seekers , less social spending . 
  as a post-socialist society they have it easier to keep wages and social spending low . 
   why were n't ireland and spain also unaffected by the crisis ? 
  i 'd say because fdi in bulgaria went into the manufacturing sector ( taking advantage of the low wages ) instead into housing ( and probably consumption ) like in ireland and spain . 
  a lot of money flowing into new homes is dangerous - it easily creates bubbles where people mortgage up to the hilt , then sell their ( now more valuable ) property and take out a mortgage for the next - and then all fail at once . 
  investment in manufacturing has longer-lasting second-round effects ( creating demand for machinery and building , putting more people into work and at the same time raising gdp and likely also exports ), 
  hard owning up to atrocities committed in the name of your country , especially if you had no part in it and no chance to prevent them . 
  germany , japan , the us , russia , israel - everyone has a hard time coming forward and stating that it was plain wrong and apologizing . 
  people tend to turn a blind eye or engage in handwaving or whataboutism . 
  but yes , you are right . 
  the balkans would profit immensely if serbia owned up to its genocide . 
  the nikolic apology and the 2010 resolution are a glimmer of hope , though . 
  look , i am not defending cluster bombs , just this was an accident , which is bad enough . 
  the civilians were not deliberately targeted . 
  srebrenica on the other hand ... 
  polan/germany jokes never get old . 
  lex bavaria , just because they are butthurt they have to pay when visiting austria . 
  i know , i know , just playing along , 
  they sound a wee bit desperate ... 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 what did we do wrong now ? 
  sure , but 100k years is a pretty long time . 
  i am not totally anti-nuclear power , but we should not forget that modern man is 200k years old at best and the first use of language and specialized tools is maybe 50k years gone . 
  low-level waste is not so much the problem , but spent reactor fuel rods and the resulting high-activity waste are really nasty and they still need a couple hundred years to become reasonably safe again . 
  considering history , i 'd say everything over 100 years or so is a problem . 
  look at our innovative hat !, 
  awww , that 's a great one . 
  i like it how everyone is concerned , just poland is completely unmoved . 
  and the end gave me feels ... 
  oh look , / r/european is [ leaking ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/european/comments/30bjxj/a_swedish_class_photo/ ) . 
  trying to drum up support for your racist agenda ? 
   if they are really casually used by german teens native german teens probably would only use them in jest ( after all , there are german words to express the same ) , but most - at least from the bigger cities - would understand them . 
  i guess passive use comes before active use . 
  yeah , but that 's bayern , you ca n't compare it to western europe . 
  yes , yes , and yes . 
  the eu needs uk . 
  uk is one of the market-liberal economies and while at times they impede progress , they also hinder the european `` feelgood socialism '' that is all too pervasive in the eu . 
  the uk has one of europe 's most important financial centers , so it 's better to have them on-board the eu . 
  needless to say , britain also has one of the few professional armies ( france being the other one ) in europe , which is pretty reassuring in times like this . 
  also , uk is perfect for projecting anger about the slow progress in the eu at . 
   have you seen turkish , albanian or serbo-croatian words adopted into the german language , besides food ? 
  - babo - hayvan - lan if you are younger , you would know all or most of them . 
  and what about sharia , burkha ... ? 
   to my understanding a lot of germany 's `` shadow '' public debt pile is because of swift bailouts of german banks like westlb in 2008 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bad_bank#germany - taken together they hold about 9 % of germany 's gdp worth of `` assets '' . 
  not a threatening amount but enough to grind my teeth . 
   without a full , independent investigation there remains a very real possibility aha , see , that 's more like it . 
  in your op , you stated as a fact nato was targeting civilians , now you have backpedaled to `` a very real possibility '' . 
  can you really discern the breathing pattern of a conscious and an unconscious person ? 
  bit sensationalist in the first part . 
   this means that the eurostat contingent debt figures include the money ** which german depositors hold in much of the banking sector ** and which appear on the liability side of the balance sheets of publicly-owned lenders so , not exactly what i 'd call national debt , but given the traditionally rabid anti-german sentiment in ft , i do n't really wonder that they bend the facts to make them fit the narrative . 
   with governments increasingly squeezed financially , what you find is an increasing use of off-balance sheet items this however is a true point . 
  in some years , germany will have a cyclic economic downturn and will have trouble keeping the `` no new debt '' promise . 
  the lure to create shadow funds and borrowing hidden somewhere will be high and probably our politicians will fall for that . 
   muslims are n't a homogeneous group either , plenty of muslims would fight for liberal values ok , fair point . 
  i should have made this more clear . 
  i was painting with a broad brush and i still think it is fair to say that on average the muslim population over here is culturally way more traditional than the native population . 
  other sources of immigration in germany ( like youth from southern europe , oppositional russians or us students coming to berlin ) are quite different in this respect . 
  i also would n't say things are fixed - after all , the muslim population in the us seems to be better integrated and if i look at the society 50 years back , it was about as friendly towards eg . 
  lgbt issues as a mainstream wahhabite today . 
   but in terms of the sheer romance of travel , i can not help thinking that something has been lost . 
  if we are to use robert louis stevenson 's ever-quotable statement from his 1881 essay el dorado as a yardstick , then we have swapped the `` better thing '' of `` to travel hopefully '' for the basic procedure of `` to arrive '' . 
  the convenience of the journey has replaced the character . 
   what do i mean ? 
  well , i am old enough that i have -- tucked away in a draw -- a first passport which is littered with stamps from holidays in europe . 
  what a tortured piece . 
  i still have my old passport stamped with gdr stampings when i had to cross that country . 
  and i have no rosy warm fuzzy feelings about the border controls . 
  it was a shitty experience front to back . 
  it changes your country . 
  it can be good or bad , but one thing is certain : mass immigration will have an influence on your culture . 
  with the current immigration trends , europe will become more islamic . 
  that obviously does not mean we 'll have sharia in a generation or two , but the laissez-faire liberalism where everyone is free to do his or her thing , will be replaced by a much more conservative set of values , where modesty , decency and respect for religion have a higher priority . 
  we may laugh because oettinger , but there is indeed a push in the industry ( [ industry 4.0 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/industry_4.0 ) ) , which may or may not be pure hype , but which is taken seriously in some extremely large companies in europe . 
  who cares about internet brownie points ? 
  if you are universally hated , then maybe your line of argument is bad , you fail to give sources or you incite people , willing or not . 
  also / r/european would fit your bill . 
   with the same argument you could justify bombing any house since there might be a soldier in there . 
  that 's completely over the top .
