  if anything , it comes at a most unwelcome time for merkel . 
  this has been brewing for quite some time in other countries . 
  and the way the sultan reacted to it only put oil into the fire . 
  in fact i think it comes up now because for many over here it is linked intrinsically with the idea of an eu membership of turkey . 
  countries who ca n't be assed to recognize their dark past are quite likely to be countries that will cause trouble down the road . 
  that whole nationalist pride is seen as off-putting over here . 
   i think europeans view the tragedy not just as a tragedy against the jewish people , but also a tragedy against europe correct ? 
  they were our neighbors and citizens for crying out loud . 
  not some invading army , not some enemies , they just happened to be jewish . 
  the least we can do is own up to it . 
  it 's not often that i am proud of germany because i think my country does things better than others . 
  but the way holocaust remembrance is handled here is something i * am * proud of if i compare it to the weasel-words that regularly are issued by politicians of other countries when it comes to their dark past . 
  bullshit , that 's a problem in a lot of industrialized countries currently . 
  i guess the emu also caused japan 's negative interest ? 
  it 's also ahistoric . 
  if you want to blame anyone for weakening their currency and causing knock-on effects , look at qe in the usa a couple of years ago . 
  look at the eur crisis . 
  there 's two ways to look at it : either the eur was a doomed project because none of the political scaffolding needed to sustain it were in place ** or ** integration has stalled and should get moving again . 
  things like transfer payments for states suffering from a bad economy and high unemployment can only work with more integration . 
  damn , i just knew it . 
  so we can blame this on the emu as well ? 
  what 's next , the war in syria ? 
  probably a lot of red tape for developers . 
  dealing with a bureaucracy delays planning and building significantly and you can hardly speed it up with money . 
   it can do all sorts of exotic things with it including negative interest to drive inflation and bring down the debt that way the riksbank seems to see that negative interest has led to banks lending recklessly and people fleeing into property . 
  so i guess the only way to deflate the bubble one way or another is to stop that and go back to low positive interest . 
  gdp growth in 2015 was solid enough . 
  yeah , but look at the latest elections in several states . 
  actually the most leftist party `` die linke '' , the heir of the gdr state party is going down the drains lately . 
  they grew on a populist program calling for bigger social security , end to austerity , exit from nato and anti-capitalist undertones . 
  now , a lot of that is also on the right-wing populist afd 's agenda and they are gobbling up `` die linke '' 's voter share because they are also anti-refugee . 
  i understand they had those tunnels but they clogged real fast . 
  ca n't blame them with all this sand and shit . 
  yeah , the idea that you could build vessels of that sophistication in another country for the same price sounds moronic . 
  i am surprised that greed got the better of the german company here . 
  however , the safety concerns about li/ion batteries sound fishy - they are employed on civil as well as military jets . 
  good for france though and hopefully it teaches tkms and the whole inefficient german military equipment industry a lesson . 
   by giving the river space to expand . 
  this is being done since the monster floods of 2002 for the rivers . 
  in the case of braunsbach , however , there is no space for flood expansion areas though . 
  the village is located in a steep valley , the kochtertal . 
  sometimes , you are simply fucked . 
  try to sugar-coat it , she wanted border police to shoot kids . 
  does n't get much clearer than that . 
  i do n't share your opinion and ca n't say i like very much , but i 'd agree there is a problem . 
  there is simply no party that is both against islam and not full of racist pricks . 
  politics is actually doing things like the islam conference to foster a moderate islam , but i can see how people think that 's too little and going too slow . 
  in the end , i think it 's naive to believe right-wingers will protect gay and women 's rights since they are typically as homophobe and misogyn as radical muslims . 
  but that 's just me , maybe i am wrong, 
  so , wanting to shoot migrant children is no longer extremist , huh ? 
  huh , naidoo himself is a racist . 
  in her case , it was extremely highly earned . 
  she is always harping on about leftist , socialist values , solidarity and shit - but as the migrant crises loomed and the right-wing populist afd was starting to eat the left-wing populist die linke 's lunch , she wanted her party to adopt part of the afd 's talking points like max numbers of refugees . 
  go ahead and ask a couple of our culture guardians from pegida about goethe 's works ... 
  it is really hard to define contemporary german culture . 
  a lot is influenced by hollywood movies , international authors and musicians . 
  it makes more sense to try and define a set of core values based on the german constitution , but here , the devil is in the details as well . 
  i have a hard time believing that the far right of all political groups has discovered their love for gays and women 's rights - even merkel 's centrist/right cdu will not open marriage for gays and was very much opposed to sanction marital rape . 
  your post is full of straw-man arguments no one ever said like :  all major businesses relocating if the remain campaign only has fear , then a lot in the leave camping - like you - belittle every argument like a child throwing a tantrum . 
  so , basically you are building a huge straw-man to show nothing bad will happen ? 
  germany is not faking - look who forged the minsk agreement . 
  however , except for the left and right populists ( linke and afd ) , all political parties support the sanctions . 
   more exports means more money coming in to germany a positive trade balance means that capital then goes out of the country again , see my answer to / u/laboe . 
  iirc , germany has exported close to 1tn eur over the years and now holds 1.5 tn of assets which means 500bn were simply squandered . 
  and no , i was n't talking about eu contributions at all . 
  considering foxconn is replacing [ 60,000 workers with robots ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-36376966 ) , i 'd say the transition is picking up steam . 
   are you referring to contributions to the eu budget ? 
  absolutely not . 
  i am referring to our trade surplus ( worldwide ! ), 
  that must go hand in hand with capital exports :  by definition , current account surpluses measure the share of a country 's savings that is not invested domestically . 
  instead of investing heavily domestically , germany exported a large share of its savings abroad . 
  it invested in tangible and financial assets in the rest of the world on the one hand , and directly or indirectly participated in fiscal bail-out credit to safeguard private capital flows . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.cesifo-group.de/ifohome/presse/pressemitteilungen/pressemitteilungen-archiv/2014/q1/pm_20140114-kapitalexport.html )  financial balances mirror these trade balances : the surplus countries , in effect , give credit to the deficit countries . 
  the bottom line is simple : germany gives its customers a credit to buy the machines and cars it exports . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theglobalist.com/germanys-pesky-trade-surpluses/ ), 
  no , we do n't typically invade our neighbors anymore . 
  you were claiming decades , not the last 2 years . 
  but if you have a link to an article that explains the decades of austerity , please share it , i am curious . 
  of course that will never really work . 
  once germany starts implementing such a tax , adidas et al. 
  simply pack up shop and build their robo-factories in poland or czechia . 
  that 's the beauty of doing everything with robots : you do n't need to train a lot of workers on-site - most of the control can be done remotely and for the handful of engineers you need on-site you can pick some who speak english . 
  and in a globalized world , we have to think about the 1000 chinese families as well . 
  i was just playing along . 
   nobody will give a damn and restructure our debts because we wo n't be bringing down the euroclub if the shit hits the fan some would argue that 's an advantage ... 
  * vade retro !, 
  * that 's neither orderly nor sustainable , the thought of living with constant debt gives me bad dreams . 
  well , the industrial revolution created mass-poverty for quite some time . 
  arguably , a slower transition from agrarian to industrial society would have avoided some hardships . 
  and with the upcoming second wave of digitization and the rise of the robots , it is totally unclear that most people will still have a job - let alone a well-paying one . 
  mass unemployment however only leads to less consumption and an economic contraction . 
  i understand the principle of efficiency - i am german after all - but the pace of moving from industrial society to post-industrial is critical - too fast and it could well collapse developing countries and maybe even china . 
   and there are some things robots will never be able to do like e.g. 
  provide comfort or warmth or social interaction . 
  i doubt that . 
  very much . 
  the first will be sex robots , then we 'll see robots that keep company for the elderly and after that helper robots that help you raise your kids . 
  and yes , there 'll be a market for them - i 'd buy all of those . 
  an even higher export means only one thing for germany : we are sending even more money abroad . 
  i disagree .
