  i doubt they were elected to crash the euro zone , but that 's just me . 
   if you want your debt back at all it needs restructuring great one . 
  that money is gone and there wo n't be anything coming back to the creditors . 
  not even with a debt restructuring . 
  you seriously believe the greek economy - now with capital controls and in free fall - will be able to service more than maybe 20 - 30bn eur of debt ? 
  what everyone seems to disregard is what happens if a 50 % debt cut is decided upon . 
  the creditors simply take a couple of positions out of their books and that 's that , right ? 
  nope , every country has to raise new loans to give the money to the esm because the 700 + bn of esm money were raised on the private financial market with guarantees from the member states . 
  germany can easily sell a couple of loans to re-finance the esm ( and the ecb ) , but what about spain , italy , france ? 
   i hope you realize how terribly one-sided what your wrote is . 
  look , i am making fun of the whole situation , that should be obvious even if you do n't share my sentiment . 
  everyone should be able to relish the absurdity of the situation . 
  i know the debt is not repayable . 
  but if you believe merkel will tell the bundestag that upwards of 50bn eur will have to be raised , i ca n't help you . 
  and that does not even take into account that other euro zone countries are still reeling . 
  if they have to realize their losses now , they will fall . 
  that 's where varoufakis is wrong : the * extend-and-pretend * is absolutely vital to even allow for an eventual debt restructuring . 
  he might believe that everyone can simply take out loans to prop up the esm and the ecb , but the coffers of most ez countries are empty . 
  and just for the record : i am not very fond of his marxist background or his power play . 
  but i do admire the way he forced a g\u00f6tterd\u00e4mmerung of the whole euro . 
   must be doing something right that 's a bit naive ( in a disagreement , both sides can be wrong ) , but varoufakis would love you for being fooled easily . 
  let 's be clear , i do n't hate him at all . 
  i think he 's been running rings around everyone else . 
  his plan to fly the greek economy into the ground so the other side has to consider debt cuts and greece can leave the eur is ... brilliant in a machiavellian sense . 
  it 's a very expensive plan for german taxpayers , but still great . 
  tsakalotos would be an [ easy choice ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2015/jul/06/greek-referendum-eu-leaders-call-crisis-meeting-as-bailout-rejected-live-updates#block-559a37ece4b032a39a3baa29 ), 
  not so hasty , there most likely will be no grexit . 
  [ sources ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/21/us-eurozone-greece-varoufakis-iduskbn0o61kb20150521 ) are not hard to come by :  he was finally sidelined from sensitive negotiations with eu and imf lenders after returning last month from a meeting of eurogroup finance ministers in riga , where he was rebuked for a lecturing tone and for refusing to show up at a state dinner i hope for a lot more dirty laundry in the coming weeks . 
  blogspam , the real source is [ truth-out . org ] ( http://www.truth-out.org/news/item/26112-an-economic-hit-man-speaks-out-john-perkins-on-how-greece-has-fallen-victim-to-economic-hit-men ), 
  greece would not fight corruption without a troika either . 
  you guys are miles behind the ex-eastern eu countries . 
   i do hope they can stay in the eurozone and eu they will . 
  for all that posturing , the euro zone will again have talks with them and make them offers . 
  unless they try to burn down the house , there will be a way . 
  true , but i expected poland to do well . 
  i expected romania to turn to total shit . 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  afaik aq is financed by the fat cats in saudi arabia and the emirates . 
  and true to form , he resigns , 
  bye bye yanis , i 'll miss you . 
  you were the purveyor of the finest popcorn in years . 
  you managed to be right concerning the facts and still debase your position - no easy feat . 
  you scared the middle-management types that make up our politicians shitless and thereby ensured they would not listen to a word you said . 
  you flew the economy into the ground , even though you needed helping hands for that . 
  you lied your people in the face and still were loved by the masses . 
  you developed a scary situation into an absolute mess to ensure the salvage would have to start at rock bottom . 
  it takes a exceptional mind to get from a fragile but recovering economy to capital controls and a complete free-fall in only 5 months . 
  and only a genius would be able to time the climax of the crisis to coincide with the tourist season . 
  and your greatest trick was convincing everyone left and right you were a game theorist gone mad where in reality you wanted to forge the new out of the flames of the old . 
  as a german , i can relate . 
  it 's so beautifully wagnerian !, 
  since you recorded all confidential meetings , i am looking forward to the fun blog posts that will result from that . 
  it 's gon na be epic . 
  and if this sounds like a twisted love affair - it is . 
  i admire you for developing your politics from first principles . 
  for being unafraid of giving shit to the whole assembly of euro zone finance ministers . 
  for visiting cameron with open shirt and lounging on the sofas of downing street # 10 . 
  for challenging the status quo . 
  i just think that your position is not realistic and `` extend and pretend '' can indeed work and in the current situation is the least bad of all the choices . 
  i think it was varoufakis ' plan to play the scapegoat after the talks hit a roadblock back in april . 
  now he takes the blame and tsipras can play the moderate . 
  obviously he had his say - only the other side decided they do n't follow him . 
  his lecturing everyone to exasperation is legendary . 
   if it were , he would not have so openly pointed the finger at them . 
  i think he wanted and had the role of the bad greek who spooked and angered the creditors till they made errors ( like not compromising ) . 
  now after the referendum , the good greek tsipras needs to calm things to lock in some crucial adjustments and debt cuts . 
  the bad guy gets `` thrown out '' and leaves the stage with a lot of fist-waving and swearing . 
  and in the next meetings , everyone pats their back that now only `` adults '' are in the room , now the scapegoat is gone . 
  until now , you have delivered impressively . 
  however it seems that things might be calming a bit with a national unity government . 
   so i 'm not sure why the issue of a democratic deficit only comes up now because that june deal is off the table and has been rejected by greece . 
  every new deal probably should be submitted the will of the people of all nations involved . 
  of course it wo n't because it would be accepted in greece and rejected everywhere else ... 
   we 've got an agreement , much better than the previous , just waiting for my signature . 
  did anyone believe him ? 
  i mean seriously , that statement was a lie if there ever was one . 
  why would the creditors send a better proposal to him of all people before the referendum ? 
   deutsche bahn that was destined for privatization . 
  the plan fell through in the 2008 crisis if i remember right . 
  but the reforms for going public were made . 
  deutsche bahn is still not doing great . 
  deutsche telekom on the other hand . 
  back in the time , they were really inefficient and while they are still hated , they do pretty well . 
  sorry man , today you rejected the ecb among other things . 
  everyone who trusts messrs. t & v needs their head checked . 
  yeah , i 'd too like to see how loser teaming up with loser would fare . 
  wait , so saying thanks is servile now ? 
  if i had to name one country that has surpassed my expectations by far , it 's romania . 
  cheers to you , guys !, 
  yeah , it 's going to be interesting . 
  i ca n't see a debt cut and the 50bn eur the imf has calculated going to greece . 
  i have no idea how its going to develop after this point . 
  i remain somewhat positive that the ecb 's promise to do `` whatever it takes '' to save the eur will scare raiders and prop up trust with investors . 
   privatise the horror !, 
  after all , we all know how much better state-run enterprises work . 
  rednecks telling you to fuck off . 
  basically the monologue the dude hears at wheelchair-lebowsky 's office . 
  bavaria has their own branch of the ruling christian democratic party , it 's called csu . 
  and they are pretty ... direct in the way they fend for their interests . 
   just please realize that from now on we ca n't help you any more .
