   estonia needs to take its defense seriously if it wants it 's allies to do the same . 
  that 's just wishful thinking . 
  in fact , their position as a canary for russian aggression means they can do as they please and everyone has to defend them or nato is over . 
  depends . 
  modern wars are developing freakishly fast . 
  you do n't have the time to ramp up a war economy . 
  we are doing quite well freeloading on your deeply ingrained exceptionalism . 
  why should we change that ? 
  the world simply ca n't get enough of german military leadership . 
  he has a point . 
  in the grand scheme of things it simply does n't matter how many % of gdp estonia spends , it simply can not deter russia . 
  the only countries that matter are the usa , uk , france , germany and maybe italy , but that 's stretching it . 
  if shit hits the fan big time at deutsche , germany well be unable to bail it out . 
  even the ecb would have troubles doing so . 
  that 's such a childish argument . 
  has it ever occurred to you that social trends like vegetarians and increased bike use are real and not hatched in brussels ? 
  yeah , the correlation is appallingly weak except for the few rightmost data points . 
  furthermore , drawing conclusions from those few cities is dangerous without checking for confounding factors . 
  there could well be factors like low property prices that encourage exit votes ( naive population feels they are getting poorer ) and immigration ( cheap housing and cheap land for call centers and the like ), 
  you are n't wrong of course - our status as one of the five top exporters of weapons is no source of pride to me , even though our top export destinations are the us , israel and other nato countries ( but saudi arabia as well . . ) . 
  i 'd still like to maintain a distinction between arms sales ( which are bad enough ) and bombing other countries . 
  i am glad we are a bit more selective in partaking in military adventures than 15 years ago , and i hope it stays this way , geopolitics can go fuck itself . 
   your country is not innocent either . 
  well , this is exactly why the bundeswehr should not be part of any nato adventurism but should be restricted to operations on nato territory . 
  we have no business fucking up other countries , the big boys with the deep pockets and the nuclear dongs should be enough . 
  all we should do militarily is secure the central/eastern european states against russian aggression . 
  no , no , i am a father and traveling with family . 
  so 1 beer/day it will be  very much looking forward to it , the danes i met were a really nice bunch , and the country is beautiful . 
  i 've never been to bornholm yet , so it will be even more exciting . 
   ask them if they want to go back to the taliban . 
  how about you ask them what they think about the usa building up the taliban and delivering modern weaponry to them ? 
  mingling did n't start with the occupation by nato forces . 
   we have stopped and analyzed already . 
  what else do you propose to do ? 
  two things : 1 . learn from the analysis 2 . keep your paws off countries for a change unless you know what you are doing . 
  us intervention in ww ii was your proudest hour , but from then , it all went downhill . 
  korea , vietnam , iraq , afghanistan were all wars the usa had no business to be in . 
  i 'll give you ex-yugoslavia , but just barely . 
  not in my life time : /, 
  well , then you send more of your soldiers there . 
   mali and afghanistan are the good fights . 
  so tell me how the constant mingling of foreign powers in afghanistan has profited the country ? 
  i was 13 when the ussr invaded and there is still a war going on there . 
  not to rub * your * nose in it specifically , but it was the usa that made the taliban powerful . 
  and a couple of years later , it was our both countries that bombed the shit out of them . 
  this is no good fight , it is a stain on our honor . 
   dwelling on the past wo n't do you any good in the present . 
  what 's done is done . 
  that 's exactly the ignorant thinking that has created isis out of the invasion of iraq . 
  we should stop and analyze and learn and not do the same moronic errors again and again . 
  syria is another well-intended disaster now the nato and russia are competing in bombing the country . 
  we also had countries asking for help against iraqi wmd 's and we all known how that went . 
  nothing against helping secure the east nato members , but our military has no role to play in mali , for instance . 
  afghanistan was dumb enough . 
  no , we do n't . 
  military interventions lately have n't done a lot of good , and i do n't want my country to fall into the groupthink of usa , u.k. , and france . 
  idk , it took hitler 6 years from coming to power to shredding the versailles treaty and starting war . 
  i am sure we can do better , 
   and blamed `` brussels bureaucrats '' for declaring there could be no informal negotiations until the official notice to leave was given . 
  so , he just continues the old game of blaming eu bureaucrats for inconveniences that are in fact agreed by the uk . 
  i do n't think she has a deep understanding how science works . 
  to her , it 's probably glorified business trips . 
  british scientists have been warning about damage to british science before the referendum , to them , it 's no surprise . 
  in other words , a complete non-argument . 
  absolute numbers or corrected for percentage of population ? 
  i am sure a case can be made that if they impede our mission there , the parliament has every right to terminate that mission . 
  ultimately , this could endanger our soldiers and outside war times , nato solidarity does n't mean we have a agree to that . 
  burg herzberg , where i will be going , is ~ 4 days . 
  if i drank 20l/day , i 'd be dead . 
  if it were n't for fighting isis , i 'd say we should simply pack our bags there and leave them to their own devices . 
  turkey is perfectly able to defend itself . 
  went like a charm when the seps downed a dutch airliner and you could n't even collect the dead . 
  that 's good to hear since we 'll spend the summer holidays in bornholm , and i was prepared to carry my beer with me , 
  give them back !, 
  of all the medium-sized countries , the netherlands is my favorite . 
  everything just works , is modern and well-designed . 
  and you do n't waffle , you just tell it how it is . 
  denmark is that company that provides family holidays for those who like a cooler climate , right ? 
  you are the toddler that always gets overlooked . 
  i mean , you even get invaded by error . 
  by swiss soldiers , no less , 
  even though there is no denying we should rightfully rule the hre again , it 's been a time ... 
  well , switzerland does n't go out shooting blacks , so that 's weird . 
  came to the thread to vote for you guys  children of charlemagne together forever !, 
  dane or swede telling a german about affordable alcohol ... ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  you are about to drink 80l beer over the span of a festival ? 
  suddenly : silence . 
  literally * umgekehrter anschluss * , but that would be the uk anschlussing the eu . 
  the pun can not be directly translated to german , but * ausschluss * is a rather clever way to do so , and would work in a conversation about brexit and anschluss . 
  aww , come on . 
  the uk is a super-robust political system . 
  maybe they will lose the scots , but that 's totally not clear since scotland does n't have the revenue to survive on their own . 
  that 's a mind-blowing number . 
  then it would be something else . 
  if eastern europeans are targeted , there 's no knowing who 's next . 
  an economy the size of the uk will not simply collapse . 
  and most certainly not in 90 days . 
  turkeys voting for christmas , as mr. farage so succinctly put it . 
  i would n't bet on it , it is most likely just a passing emotion . 
  but the way brexit has been mishandled until now ( no planning for it , based on lies ) , it sure has cast some doubt on our resident populists and their claims .
