  yeah , story of my life , it was the same in school with the girls and me . 
  depends who would be allowed to join . 
  the nordics , baltics , uk and germany ? 
  arright , let 's get this baby started . 
  everyone in the current eu ? 
  uhm wait a minute . 
  edit : baltics can into federation . 
   polyandry i am pretty sure that 's haram , though . 
  well , then you should not join nato 's missile defense . 
  if you just bend over , no one will be hurt . 
  or you could just ignore it . 
  heh , i must confess i also really like it sometimes . 
  unfortunately , i believe krugman does not understand the [ causes of the current crisis ] ( http://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/greece-export-problem-by-ricardo-hausmann-2015-03 ) in greece and his preferred cure to throw money at it and deficit spend the hell out of it wo n't solve the problem there . 
  the root cause was admitting greeks to the eur first and not creating a political/fiscal union alongside the eur second . 
  and of course decades of bad governmental practices in greece did not help . 
  was n't that `` forest for the trees '' or is this intentionally even more meta and i do n't get it ? 
  disincentives : hard to find qualified work if you fall out for some years . 
  societal expectations considering wealth . 
  issues : not enough places in kindergarten , and even if you get one , it 's only till 15:00 , so pretty hard for both to work full time . 
  dinks with higher financial firepower drive high rents even higher . 
  you guys are superior in about every regard . 
  \u0287\u0265os\u01dd d\u01dds\u029e\u028e s\u026f\u0250ll \u0254onu\u0287\u0279\u0131\u01dds \u028d\u0131\u0287\u0265 \u0287\u0265\u01dd\u0131\u0279 snd\u01dd\u0279\u0131o\u0279\u0131\u0287\u028e \u0254o\u026fdl\u01ddx . 
   the bayern are secretly austrians , not we germans then take them off our backs , finally . 
  and have fun with them . 
  they did look for protection from the class bully . 
  class bully does n't like it . 
  `` see you at recess ! '', 
  nice try , little eesti , you still can not into nordic , not even with a tunnel . 
  but yeah , this is a great idea , i wonder how feasible this would be . 
  none of that , just call them out on human-rights violations and stop giving them preferred treatment . 
  they will throw hissy fits for quite a time , but i fail to see why the west should support a regime that finances terror against us . 
   regardless of its fundamentals , a german bank would be considered safer than an italian one , because the german government 's implicit guarantee is much more valuable than the italian government 's . 
   to the extent that some of the lower cost is rebated to their clients , even industrial firms in germany enjoy a lower cost of capital , giving them an unfair advantage vis-\u00e0-vis their european competitors yeah , that 's completely unfair . 
  us evil germans are building a competitive economy for the sole reason to put southern european banks at a disadvantage . 
  i guess at this time , everyone already forgot how it ended when rating differences between european countries were swept under the carpet thanks to the eur . 
  mind you , i am still seething that fucking banks were bailed out with my money , but this argument does not hold water . 
  you want your companies to enjoy favorable rates because investors trust your countries guarantees ? 
  get your ass in gear and stop leveraging , stop talking about defaulting . 
  * cue the `` germany has also defaulted post-ww ii '' choir . 
  pretty cool . 
  light was brown/greyish as if there was an upcoming sandstorm and it got noticeably colder . 
  we did n't have those glasses , so i used a card box with a hole poked in the bottom as a camera obscura . 
  then we took a break from w\u00f6rk , w\u00f6rk and went outside where two guys had binoculars with protective foil . 
  this made it extremely interesting to watch . 
   this is not the europen union i allow myself to be proud of from time to time . 
  i tend to agree . 
  eu has detailed rules phasing out some kind of light bulbs and regulating everything from food to banks , but there is no lowest common denominator for social benefits . 
  europe should be better than this - and if the individual countries are unable to pay for a level of welfare that guarantees survival and a roof over the head , the eu should pay . 
  also : what 's so surprising , varoufakis is both intelligent and charming . 
  unfortunately he is marxist and came to power on a day-dreaming leftist platform . 
  but obama is a muslim too , right ? 
  everything makes sense now . 
  oh , i see , yes that makes sense . 
  i guess globalization of trade and production did not exactly help weaker economies . 
  and neither did the rapid rationalization of production , logistics and product development thanks to digitalization . 
  i kinda like the timing of both . 
  israel is currently caught in pretty bad internal skirmishes and frankly treats palestinians as second-class humans . 
  saudi-arabia is a country ruled by fat thugs who finance the west 's worst enemies while happily grinning in our direction . 
  i am usually not a big fan of symbolism in politics , but both cases are ripe for someone with cojones to speak up . 
  feminism might be a bad word right now , but sa denying her the right to speak at a conference ? 
  i mean , seriously , that 's not the kind of country you sell weapons to . 
  good thing the world has erdogan - i would n't know what we did without him . 
   with the abolition of trade tariffs and other trade barriers , businesses in european countries could n't compete with larger firms in the major industrial eu countries this has nothing to do with the eur . 
  fair point , i just fail to see the alternatives that would make greece not even more miserable . 
  why not ride it out ? 
  the damage has been done - with some patience , the recovery will follow . 
  ejecting greece now would only do more damage and delay the recovery . 
  could have told ya * pouts *, 
  for those who view this after friday : http://imgur.com/vuc0t7c, 
  i certainly do n't . 
  i just wonder how reasonably intelligent people like krugman and you throw a rage fit every time anyone points out that conjuring money out of thin air will not solve the problems of the ez periphery . 
   yes , look at all my comments regurgitating krugman . 
  so , you are not even aware of them ? 
  you swallow easy-way-out neo-keynsiansm hook , line and sinker and do n't even notice . 
  you could always name it `` erwin rommel '' to choose a neutral name from a third country . 
  well , you have your left-wing entitlement agenda and i am more conservative . 
  you regurgitate krugman without an ounce of critical distance , i have my own bias . 
   the germans really do n't like poles i think they are pulling this out of their asses . 
  i researched a bit , and most germans do n't have strong feelings either way , and among those who do , more like poles than dislike them . 
  first france , a country that had always a better diplomacy and prides itself that they possess a more rational approach than we do . 
  but currently , the country is mired in infighting between unions and politics , has lost focus and seems unable to re-invent itself . 
  poland . 
  super hard-working people . 
  had bad luck and ended on the wrong side of the iron curtain . 
  could be filthy rich and totally relaxed , but is digging their own grave . 
  southern club med countries . 
  more young people , better climate . 
  if they got their act together and stopped with their flirt with socialism , they could chase us in a generation . 
  not for that blog - they can not for the life of them report on germany without hitler this , goebbels that . 
  i did n't even think about that dimension , but i am glad it makes you feel that way  indeed , if history is not being a dick , it is funny . 
  no , lots of weasel words in that article . 
  exactly my line of thinking . 
  now now , little bolan , i do n't hope for russia to annex you . 
  germany . 
  our current strength is due to the weakness and incompetence of others , not our great work ethics , or super-sane politics . 
  finland is neutral , if they really wanted to pull a crimea there , they could do it - albeit at a much higher price in dead soldiers and economic sanctions . 
  good luck with poland ... 
  forget it . 
  in the name of women 's health , the liberties of women have to be sacrificed . 
  uk has this really strange relationship with everything sex - charging [ consentual sadomasochists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_spanner ) , outlawing face-sitting and now this .
