  does n't work so well . 
  the church is always present when it comes to ethical decisions - they even have a seat in bio-ethics commissions and therefore get a say over things like surrogate mothers and embryo selection . 
  they also have a seat in the national censorship authority . 
  and at least in bavaria , there are still strong ties between politicians and the church . 
  that 's bullshit at this point . 
  the article never mentions trade surplus against ez partners . 
  with the weakening of the eur and lower energy prices , the surplus against the rest of the world is bound to skyrocket , there 's not much the government can do about it . 
  for the eur , the only important figure is the surplus against other ez countries . 
  internationally , it 's different - but for that , the ecb is to blame , not berlin . 
  you do recognize the article says nothing about trade surplus against eurozone countries ? 
  it may be a surprise to you , but outside of the far right a lot , probably the majority , feel a closer attachment to democracy and universal human rights than `` our country , right or wrong '' . 
  for us it was necessary that germany was defeated because it waged an unjust war . 
  and yes , it has been a liberation . 
  i guess the talk given by [ our president at the 40 ^ th anniversary ] ( http://www.bundespraesident.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/reden/2015/02/150202-rvw-rede-8-mai-1985-englisch.pdf;jsessionid=569a905d4cc5620b7feb35bae409d4e3.2_cid293?__blob=publicationfile ) of the end of that war sums up the german position on ww ii : - for more than a century europe had suffered under the clash of extreme nationalistic aspirations . 
  at the end of the first world war peace treaties were signed but they lacked the power to foster peace . 
  once more nationalistic passions flared up and were fanned by the distress of the people at that time . 
  - that does not mitigate germany 's responsibility for the outbreak of the second world war . 
  [ ... ] the outbreak of the second world war remains linked with the name of germany . 
  - we must not separate 8 may 1945 from 30 january 1933 . 
  [ ... ] the 8th of may was a day of liberation . 
  it liberated all of us from the inhumanity and tyranny of the national-socialist regime . 
  - for us germans , 8 may is not a day of celebration . 
  there is truly no reason for us today to participate in victory celebrations . 
  for us , the 8th of may is above all a date to remember what people had to suffer . [ ... ], 
  the greater honesty we show in commemorating this day , the freer we are to face the consequences with due responsibility - 8 may is a day of remembrance . 
  remembering means recalling an occurrence honestly and undistortedly so that it becomes a part of our very beings . 
  this places high demands on our truthfulness . 
  we need and we have the strength to look truth straight in the eye -- without embellishment and without distortion - at the root of the tyranny was hitler 's immeasurable hatred against our jewish compatriots . 
  [ . . ] lt is true that hardly any country has in its history always remained free from blame for war or violence . 
  the genocide of the jews is , however , unparalleled in history . 
  - there is no such thing as the guilt or innocence of an entire nation . 
  guilt is , like innocence , not collective , but personal . 
  [ ... ] no discerning person can expect them to wear a penitential robe simply because they are germans . 
  but their forefathers have left them a grave legacy . 
  all of us , whether guilty or not , whether old or young , must accept the past . 
  ** on this 8th of may , let us face up as well as we can to the truth . 
  i think it 's a mistranslation and he means germany made a conscious effort to come to terms with the past . 
  but what if the majority in a region or state feels they are not represented on the union level ? 
  why is it not more democratic if they can leave ? 
  that 's not how it works in almost every country ( just look at ukraine ) . 
  the uk was a shining example here . 
  i am frankly torn on this . 
  i know the current status is that regions can not just secede and i can see some reasons for that ( it 's usually irreversible and of course threatens the country ) . 
  but then again i do n't know why the integrity of a country has such a value . 
  if one part is unhappy in a union , why ca n't they do their own thing ? 
  why could there not be a change to the us constitution ? 
  they only want to talk about being independent , a true secession is about as likely as texas seceding from the usa . 
  so an us-built tanker aircraft can fuel a us-built fighter even if one or both are owned by italy . 
  big deal , i guess ? 
  in general , i do n't care that much . 
  i do n't watch the televised discussions and usually do n't follow party or candidate programs too closely . 
  on presidential elections : i am always amazed , both by the good ( candidates can just declare themselves and run in the primaries - here the party decides on a candidate before and only that one can run ) and the bad ( it 's always some millionaire guy from the establishment , it feels like russia 's oligarchy ) . 
  coming from a country where all discussion has been drowned in consensus , i 'd wish we had more of the ideological differences the us has . 
  i just wish it was n't their positions : choosing between center/right and radical right . 
  i 'd wish we had more of a heated discussion between statists and free-market liberals , between conservatives and gender-bending queer lefties or between advocates of immigration and pegida types . 
  but over here , no one discusses with the far right and in general there 's no struggle between positions anymore but compromises upon compromises . 
  i was astonished by the readiness with which the republicans used the sequester to get to obama , even if it damages the running of the country . 
  i do n't understand that . 
  it was . 
  i am happy i did not have to live there , but i still wish it back at times . 
  it was such a quiet , slow-moving country , few cars , good looking in it 's run-down ways ... 
  lots of level-headed stuff like a point-based immigration system and allowing people to keep their original citizenship . 
  but they also do n't want to send anyone back to countries where they will be very poor , which i think is nice in theory but in practice means everyone from the poor countries can stay . 
  their insistence on `` no one is illegal '' sounds suspiciously like an open-borders policy to me . 
  - germany , federal republic - germany , gdr ( i am that old ) - denmark ( family vacation as a child , later in a special-interest camp ) - france ( first time as family vacation when i was about 7 or so ) - uk ( work related ) - ireland ( holiday ) - spain ( holiday ) - italy ( several holidays ) - vatican city ( visiting rome ) - iceland ( one holiday ) - liechtenstein ( why not , if you are in the region ) - san marino ( same ) - austria ( visiting friends , ski holidays ) - switzerland ( holidays ) - netherlands ( visiting friends , attending a marriage , buying weed ) - belgium ( in transit only ) - poland ( it 's close to where i live ) - czech ( omg adr\u0161pa\u0161sko-teplick\u00e9 sk\u00e1ly !, 
  also prague in 91 and the next years ) - slovakia ( vysok\u00e9 tatry , fuck yeah !, 
  - hungary ( visiting friends , also a conference there once ) - greece ( holidays ) - ukraine ( holidays ) that 's 21 if we leave out the gdr . 
  disallowing backups is just wow . 
  i mean , there 's so much wrong with the idea , i do n't even know where to start . 
  and is there no consumer protection office in the uk ? 
  ripping cd 's should fall under fair use . 
  think of what , refugees or modern technology or something else ? 
  i mean fuck that , ludwigshafen is not a city , it 's a slum , a pig sty . 
  only the worst human scum vegetates there . 
  they never achieved anything except from stealing basf from mannheim . 
  unless we know the rules of engagement , it is hard to tell if this was a realistic game . 
  remember when the typhoons had raptor salad ? 
  a lot of people claim that exercise was rigged . 
  yes , you have to feel personally guilty , of course !, 
  wrong link , something about sandwich boards . 
  most likely the majority were germans , so he 's still right . 
  bavarians are the texan rednecks of germany . 
  berlin is germany 's greece , the inhabitants do n't work but lounge all day in cafes . 
  suabians are penny-pinchers . 
  wow , i 'll never understand how humans can carry out orders like that . 
  those poor civilians : /, 
  no , stop it !, 
  berlin is expensive enough as it is . 
  we do n't need no stinkin ' poverty migrants over here . 
  time to restrict the freedom of movement for * some * countries . 
   part of the aircraft wing found on reunion island is from the missing mh370 plane , malaysian prime minister najib razak has confirmed . 
   mr razak said international experts examining the debris in france had `` conclusively confirmed '' it was from the aircraft . 
   `` we now have physical evidence that flight mh370 tragically ended in the southern indian ocean , '' he added . 
  that will do wonders to the std rate in russia ... 
  no , i do n't think they want to join germany , 
  come on , cool it . 
  he 's giving sources , so if you disagree , do so challenging his sources . 
   i felt like the attempt was to intimidate me what the hell ? 
  so the establishment in the uk is still blocking the investigations ? 
  ugh , i ca n't really explain , it 's way too much and too complicated .
