  most likely defaulting would cut them off from both the open refinancing market ( i.e. 
  regular bonds ) and the short term budget re-balancing via t-bills . 
  the ecb is the guardian of short-term technical refinancing and since the crisis also a creditor . 
  like the imf , the ecb most likely would n't take a default lightly and severe their financial lifeline . 
  after that , there are only two options : 1 ) implement a blood , sweat and tears approach and turn to even tougher austerity to achieve a budget surplus so they are still able to pay for wages without foreign money 2 ) leave the eur . 
  in both cases , their private banking system is toast - they have no money to defend it against bank runs which would be certain at least if they leave the eur . 
  tl ; dr ; they are dependent on the ecb and to a degree on the [ efsf ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_financial_stability_facility ) / [ esm ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_stability_mechanism ) and imf , none of which is keen on losing money . 
   in the eu , in it 's current form , this will continously make the rich countries richer , and the poor countries poorer . 
  this will continue until the poor eu countries collapse and are taken over by the strong countries . 
  well , usually there are second-round effects that re-balance this somewhat : job-opportunities are limited in rich countries , rents are going through the roof , the quality of life decreases in huge cities . 
  but in principle , this is kind of a subsidy of richer countries by poorer , which is perverse . 
  however , i still believe people should be free to move if they can maximize their life opportunities this way . 
  countries do n't `` own '' their citizens , and in the conflict between freedom of movement and brain drain , i side with the people . 
  exactly . 
  ordnung above all . 
  i get it and i see the lure of idealism - i just do n't believe you will . 
  you will have to adapt to reality as everyone else had to ( except for dictatorships ) - and that 's not even a bad thing because most idealistic ideas do n't really work . 
   which logically means that the countries , those immigrants are leaving , are losing from this immigration . 
  in principle , i am on your side and do n't think the west should solve its procreation problem by luring the best and brightest from other countries . 
  but still , this does not follow . 
  it could be that person x has an education or a talent they can not exploit in their native society because there is too little demand for it . 
   the german text is quite a bit wrong though no , it 's a simple [ ellipsis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ellipsis_%28linguistics%29 ) : `` eine regierung , die deutscher als die deutsche [ regierung ] ist '' . 
  the errors are in the capitalization . 
  that 's pretty mean - and that 's not the worst of it . 
  each and any party holds ideals that simply do n't translate well into politics for the whole society . 
  however , the right usually gets away with much more blatant shelving of ideals whereas the spd routinely gets crucified . 
  since i am kind of conservative , i wo n't complain - just pointing out that leftists are dumb as shit to constantly damage their own parties . 
  someone should provide a swedish translation so everyone has a chance to understand it . 
  so it was a stab at the current government to paint them as trying to be more german than germans ? 
  as to scaring away german tourists - i doubt it . 
  most would applaud it , 
  what the hell , is this a real campaign billboard , or is someone trolling there ? 
   oh ffs , so now greece is responsible for corruption in other countries too ? 
  every country is responsible for prosecuting bribery by companies registered in that country . 
  because of that , most countries have a foreign bribery clause . 
  greece was regarded as `` one of those countries where you ca n't do business without bribing someone '' over here and it did a lot of damage to its economy . 
  [ shit like that ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/complicit-in-corruption-how-german-companies-bribed-their-way-to-greek-deals-a-693973-2.html ) taints our image abroad , and rightly so . 
  this has nothing to do with censorship . 
  it was a completely bland and unfunny map . 
  i have been a mod in several forums and the best thing to do is take stuff like that down silently , else you start a pointless discussion with everything you remove . 
  most people simply refuse to accept that if they get a mod-message they better think about it and start arguing . 
  and for the love of everything that 's holy , do n't take post deletions personally . 
  last time i checked , we did nothing of that , 
   would n't this be about the perception of germany by other european populations ? 
  exactly , but the way the title photo frames it , it is typical german insecurity . 
  only the completely daft believe we are currently erecting the 4ht reich , just because we assume more leadership than we did . 
  i mean sure , if you want to behave like an idiot , you are entitled to do so . 
   but i wonder if they are having trouble ? 
  they do . 
  although they own the most successful german news site , their readership is declining . 
  that 's a pretty black and white picture you are painting there . 
  not everyone who is in favor of having the eur is a hardcore federalists . 
  the ecb is politically independent , so no it was * not * germany alone that steered that ship . 
  and lastly , there is the little thing of the eurozone stability criteria that a lot of countries violated ( germany being one of the first ) , but greece violated over years and with impunity . 
  i tend to believe that in britain treaties are valued , but lately i have the impression that your media are pretty hypocritical about this - if it concerns britain , * pacta sunt servanda * , but if it concerns the ez , an extremely cavalier attitude seems in order . 
  that 's the kind of jokes class bullies would crack all the time . 
  it makes you sound like the prototypical fat and ignorant american . 
   the strength of the german economy kept the value of the euro artificially high huh ? 
  the strength of the eur in 2008 + was to a high degree the result of qe in the us - targeted at devaluating the usd amongst other things like swamping the economy with money . 
   who do you go to if you 're supposed to negotiate something with eu ? 
  if you are the us of a , britain . 
  most african nations would turn to france and south americans , spain . 
  still , occam 's razor would prefer the simple explanation : the ecb * themselve * did not believe in qe back then and does now , because certainly in germany the love for qe is not higher now than then . 
  so why presume they did not have the balls to fight for their independence from german commands back then but then somehow found a way without a public fallout with the german finance minister . 
  man , that 's good to read . 
  cheers to poland , may we have a long and enduring friendship !, 
   i 'm not sure how politically independent the ecb is . 
  https://www.ecb.europa.eu/ecb/orga/independence/html/index.en.html - straight from the horse 's mouth . 
   is n't this just satirical comentary ? 
  no , it is a typical example of german insecurity . 
  if we assert leadership , will the others see us as evil nazi invaders again . 
  and what if they were right ? 
   it 's a part of your history i know , and most times it is ok . 
  i would n't dream of denying it . 
  but it gets tiresome to see the nazi card played every time a german asserts leadership somewhere . 
   basically , germany has to take the bad parts of the monetary union along with the good . 
  if they were n't prepared for `` in sickness and in health '' , they should n't have got married . 
  this cuts both ways , right ? 
  the ecb is politically independent , and germany was the country that pushed for that independence , not france , not greece . 
   generally , to gain control over that nation 's government i.e. 
  you get to set that nation 's domestic policy , usually towards your own interests . 
   and that 's exactly what 's happening via the bailout oh please , do n't . 
  you can not seriously argue that simple . 
  you usually invade a country to gain military advantage , pilfer their riches or neutralize an enemy . 
  dominating their internal politics is not exactly high up the priorities of the typical invader . 
  trust me , as a german i know how it is done . 
   meanwhile , in the us they 're experiencing over 3 % growth and they followed a keynesian stimulus policy rather than austerity . 
  if we conveniently ignore some key differences between the us and greece and a typical boom/bust-cycle on the one hand vs. structural problems of the highest order , then yes the growth in the us is prime evidence . 
   if greece were an independent nation which had never entered the euro , they would not have this problem no , but the same problems they had before joining the ez : extremely high interest rates and a fluctuating currency . 
  plus a unified block of ez countries as the prime trading partner . 
  just look at the currency problems denmark and switzerland are having right now . 
  burning churches, 
  it 's more than dominance , its somewhere between superiority and being an overlord . 
  man , i hate this . 
  every fucking time when it comes to germany and power , everyone has to resort to the fucking nazis . 
  merkel is no overlord and even though the goofy pose and colors soften the insinuation somewhat , depicting her amongst nazi soldiers occupying athens is just plain wrong . 
  gnihihi , that 's a new one . 
  i have to remember this . 
  it is called oswiecim after all !, 
  fixed it for you ,
