  we should ask an historian , but i doubt the celts were talking about nation states , the concept is relatively recent imo . 
  and it had it 's high time in the 19th and early 20th century . 
  especially in europe , times of raving nationalism have always been prosperous and peaceful times ... 
   there is a struggle within german ruling elite uh ? 
  there are different opinions , nothing unusual in a democracy . 
  shit will hit the fan if and when the usa walk away from sanctions , then the pressure on the eu will be enormous to also stop them . 
   the extreme to which saudis take islam could theoretically happen to christianity it has happened in practice several times over the last couple of hundred years . 
  all adamitic religions have this political angle . 
  well , it 's certainly good to know that christianity is not meddling in politics left and right . 
  seems a bit far-fetched to me , but i guess everyone has their blind spots . 
  or weeding out rednecks . 
  i am not sure i share your sentiment that merkel is a naive bleeding heart , but at least it is a reasonable statement that can lead to a productive discussion . 
  what the guy wrote was pure redneck nonsense . 
  i still believe germany is doing the right thing here and for some good reasons ( reducing radicalization among refugees for instance ) , but i do agree that merkel 's propensity for sudden decisions are confusing as hell . 
  so basically a yank is telling us what to do ? 
  just kindly bugger off . 
  all right :-), 
  your guess is as good as mine , but since the secession is clearly unconstitutional , turning to russia becomes high treason imo . 
  and that 's the point where even good-natured nations usually lose their cool . 
  spain has fought a civil war against eat in the past , a hostile secession might just be the point where they send in the army again . 
  and make no mistake , the u.s.a. would be in their side . 
   if you 're offering all the land all the way to pakistan i guess we will graciously accept it :p pay off debnts before taking foreign clay , plox !, 
  which used to be bloody times . 
  i know i 'd rather live in a democracy ruled by elites which can be held accountable for their actions instead of a civil-war torn mess . 
  fraaaaance , the burger is bullying me !, 
  make it stop !, 
  nice to hear we are no longer the theater to stop a russian invasion ... 
   it will only last for four years , though only if the dnc is able to come up with a credible candidate instead of a robot next time . 
  say hello to the baltic oblast ... 
  that 's true , and it is indeed a problem . 
  however , looking at russia or turkey , voting in nationalists does n't solve it at all - in russia [ the income inequality is way worse than in western europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_income_equality ) . 
  if anything , people are then voting in corruption and nepotism . 
   mainstream politics has been utterly captured by elites please . 
  at which time has politics not been done by elites ? 
  and i do n't think those new populists are voted in by globalization losers - there 's a lot of middle-class voters who actually profit from globalization ( low prices for food , electronics , cars , holidays ) and yet want to burn everything down . 
  man , i remember when my uncle called me and told me `` you got to go to brandenburg gate right now ! '', 
  and i went . 
  and everyone be like climbing the wall and fraternizing and drinking * sekt * . 
  people from the east were talking about a `` third way '' besides socialism and capitalism and everyone was just happy and friendly . 
  today , everyone just votes with their wallet . 
  2016 was a real shit-show and its effects will last very long . 
  i get the feeling that the avalanche that was triggered in 2007 has finally started rolling in earnest . 
  i must confess i do n't understand this new nationalism and populism - it seems to me we live in better times than all my life , but people seem to think they are exploited and manipulated by the `` msm '' , politics , foreigners and banks . 
  i do n't understand what the reasoning behind this backlash is . 
  if i were to live in the baltics , i 'd seriously think about relocating to at least poland , but preferably further west . 
  it 's not just paid shills . 
  populists are drawn towards each other - see erdogan and putin . 
  that works until one of them infringes on the other 's ego.but their followers admire the same qualities in their leader as in other populists . 
  i am not . 
  no matter if trump and putin become best friends or bitter enemies , we will feel the results of that change . 
  not that i liked hrc , she 'd be the worst president - with one exception . 
  that 's exactly what we need : a fractured nato , a nationalist europe breaking up with the usa and cozying up with russia and bombing africa to kingdom come because colonialism worked so well for us . 
  europe had such a rich history of peaceful cooperation until the damn yanks made it all do to shit ... 
   without a defence structure , countries with a proper military are able to enforce their will on you . 
  the only way this is not possible is if there are n't any militaries at all . 
  so , unless you manage to convince russia/turkey/the is to just pack up and go home , we 're stuck with quite a need for a proper defence umbrella . 
  force protection is n't about defense - we have got nato for that and i hope your are n't delusional enough to want to replace it with an eu army . 
  moreover , the combined force protection of the usa and russia did n't convince is to go home , nothing short of destroying those countries eradicates it . 
  libya was a complete disaster just because france dreamed their imperialist dreams , afghanistan is a result of the failure of the force protection ideology , as is iraq . 
  at least europe could try and not make things worse . 
  somewhat funnily , basf is chartered as a s.e. 
  what 's up , is it silly tuesday where the mises crowd decides to leave their basement and troll other subreddits with their insufferable religion ? 
  oh yeah , great . 
  let 's go forward after glowing examples of low-taxation societies like somalia or indeed europe in the middle ages . 
  those that fall on hard times or can not afford to get good education for their kids ? 
  sucks to be them , but since they value instant gratification over long-term achievement anyways , they should be happy . 
  ca n't we do without this shit for a change ? 
  europe has n't had a great hand in wielding this club with care in the past and nothing convinces me we 'll do any better in the future . 
  frankly , i do n't need a eu strategic bomber force to revive french dreams about their lost geopolitical role or as a tool for a resurgent germany to become `` relevant '' again . 
  living under the nuclear umbrella provided by the burgermeisters has worked well and freed resources to build other things like the eu . 
  oh , that 's going to be fun , they are touting good corporate citizenship and compliance very much . 
  i wonder what 's with our german companies lately . 
  i thought they had learned some lessons from the fall siemens took in the noughties and recently deutsche . 
  they are , like esa , massively inefficient . 
   czech republic is n't even eastern europe lolwat ? 
  i got bad news for you . 
  everyone occupied by the ussr is eastern europe over here, 
  if you got it from germany , ask the dutch if they know the previous owner . 
  what 's the point of all this dick-waving ? 
  it was a caricature , nothing more . 
  it 's a technicality . 
  the lower court did not establish if the man understood the kid did n't consent . 
  this will be done in the retrial he was * also * convicted for sexual assault and the supreme court said this conviction is watertight and he will stay in jail for that . 
  because they are still effective against lesser military powers . 
  but observe how china builds it 's `` unsinkable carriers '' in the scs . 
  that 's being debated a lot . 
  basically , there 's a school that calls flattops obsolete against a capable adversery because they are basically huge , slow-moving targets with a big x on them . 
  we just do n't know , there has n't been a chance to test this out in a real-world scenario since about 70 years now . 
  so sad we retired them : /, 
  actually , it 's why being in the eu is good for small european countries . 
  canada would n't have cared about romanians and their visas , all they wanted a trade deal with the eu heavy-weights , but so they had to accept romanian demands . 
  now , if only we could bribe the walloons somehow ... 
  you have n't been to greece , it seems . 
  it 's a paradise for extremely sweet tarts and chocolate cakes, 
  do you realize the bundestag is the institution that should have the final say about where bundeswehr is deployed , not the chancellery , not eu or nato ? 
  besides , i do n't see how the constitution allowes wars of aggression if they are waged by nato - kindly point me to the article . 
  you ca n't simply disregard the constitution ( oh , well seemingly you can , but it is highly deplorable ) just to have a dick-measuring contest with the big boys . 
  interestingly , switzerland is an un member as well and does n't partake in military adventurism . 
  to me , it 's just more of the same excuses that brought the usa to vietnam ( the red tide back then ) and germany fighting in afghanistan - and of course the coalition of the willing to invade iraq . 
  at least in germany , the bundeswehr is not allowed to lead a war of aggression .
