   essentially , the lib dems ' position here is that if that snap election takes place before article 50 is finally triggered , they 'll be fighting on a platform of holding another referendum . 
  even if art . 
  50 is already triggered , they have at least 2 years to withdraw the request to leave . 
  and that 's not even taking into account that there is a real possibility now that parts of the uk might secede . 
  that would kick up even more dust . 
  the uk was ignored because it deemed itself too noble to get engaged in the eu . 
  the potential influence and the real influence were grossly different , and that 's simply because euroscepticism . 
  no , right-wing populists simply will hop onto another topic . 
  the refugee crisis never was a threat to the eu , if it gets resolved , it will be something like ttip , gay marriage , or migration between eu countries . 
  i 'd say we are well on our way in europe . 
  with trump , the usa seems on a good path too . 
  germany does none of that . 
  what about your house of lords ? 
  the civil servants ? 
  you are just fooling yourself if you think you can now simply throw out those who govern you . 
  because every country in the world has rules and regulations on marginal issues . 
  an independent uk will make no exception . 
  also you seem to completely miss the forest for the trees if you get hung up on a tampon tax . 
  that 's going to cost you like 100gbp over your life time . 
  opportunity costs for brexit might well be way higher . 
  did you even read what i wrote two posts up ? 
  you should ask yourself why there was a vacuum in the first place and why germany was the only country willing and able to fill it . 
  britain is mia from international politics since about 2005 . 
  besides , i fail to see how right-wing populism is a symptom , instead of a cause . 
  lol , if you voted for exit based on tampons , its probably for the better you are leaving . 
  penny-wise and pound-foolish . 
  sovereign scotland , free from the shackles of westminster , and finally proud . 
  is that so hard to understand ? 
  you were such an inspiration for us ... 
  depends when the two-year clock starts ticking , but yeah , i hope they just get evicted from the ep before the next election . 
  well , we can just follow the other countries that are trying to lead with forward looking concepts , namely :, 
  i do n't know how everyone believes german politics is done by the industry . 
  ai n't britain here . 
  i hope we can be on better terms some time . 
  it 's all about sovereignty ? 
  i thought that 's a great thing ... 
  it has a founding charter and a couple of treaties that define it ? 
  you should try reading something besides `` the sun '', 
   them because the price of populist politics is economically too high while i agree with the sentiment , on a day like this , that 's pure comedy gold , 
  nobody is talking about giving them all they want , we just should n't be looking for punishment . 
  just stay fair , nothing more , nothing less . 
  if others want to leave , they should be able to without fear - the eu is not the ussr . 
  `` wait , my actions have consequences ? '', 
   what other signal would that open border policy send throughout the world ? 
  that europe would take care about the refugees from a devastating war at its borders ? 
  and that we wo n't throw greece under the bus ? 
  compromises and friendly interpretations of rules are no handouts . 
  why treat them shitty now , they are still a democratic , european country . 
  yes , the eu should not compromise on core principles like migratory rights for eu citizens looking to take up work , but why not promise the uk there will be generous timelines , trade agreements will continue and we 'll work with them to make it an agreeable separation ? 
  merkel said none of that . 
  the list of safe states was n't abolished . 
  what the government of germany did was suspend the dublin regulations . 
  there 's no doubt this has created a rush and germany 's capacities went to breaking point . 
  the alternative would have been to leave italy , greece , and hungary to deal with the problem . 
  it would have actually worked much better with burden-sharing across the continent . 
  yeah , i recognized as much in the mean-time . 
  seems we 'll hear from that little prick for quite some time - after all , the next election for the european parliament is in 2019 . 
  hum , unless each eu27 member state agrees , the negotiations end in two years after article 50 is invoked . 
  i do n't see them dragging their heels forever to announce art . 
  50 and after that , it 's pretty much automatic . 
  it could well trigger more exits from the eu - even from core states like the netherlands . 
  he probably does n't believe it himself . 
  but if the eu does n't grant it , the little princess will go sobbing and finger-pointing to the big bad bully . 
  come on , jump already !, 
  because i see no merit in giving britain the guantanamo treatment just because they quit . 
  the eu should not scare member states into remaining . 
  crowing about order and rules now is just re-enforcing a certain stereotype about germans . 
  migration was high in the 1950 's and 60 's - at least over here . 
  in the 1960 's , populations were still growing from a high reproduction rate among natives . 
  3 . back then , economies were way less globalized . 
  it will be hard to dial that back . 
  most likely england will swindle them out of a second referendum . 
  once can dream , ca n't we ? 
  which user would you like to quote here ? 
  well , i will miss their sense of pragmatism . 
  the eu would be in a better shape if we listened to them and not create something as rigid as the eur so soon . 
  and i sure do n't wish them bad things to happen to their economy . 
  it 's a sad day for the european vision , but let 's hope they are doing ok . 
  ah , sweet rules !, 
  uhm , the countries that blocked a continent-wide solution were the central/eastern countries and britain . 
  what 's keeping them from creating a national movement with a parliament if it helps them pointing to precedent . 
  uhm no ? 
  it results from loving the scots and wishing them freedom from westminster . 
  contrary to english emotion , it 's not always about them . 
  he 's exactly the kind of moron i was referring to . 
  what the hell ? 
  you lost your marbles ? 
  i always thought brits would recognize sarcasm , seems i am wrong . 
  i was missing your jokes for quite some time ... 
  more reforms would have endangered things as freedom of working anywhere in the eu . 
  i am glad the eu took a stand here . 
  if you can not stomach this , kthxbye . 
  no , https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4pla7u/nicola_sturgeon_says_scotland_sees_its_future_as/d4lz0jw, 
   we have rules to deal with this in an orderly way . 
  ah , now that 's what i wanted to read , 
  good luck with that . 
  england will fuck them ( again ) . 
   in two hours ( as of 7am ) the uk economy has lost over # 255bn , the equivalent of 40 years ' worth of eu contributions seriously ? 
  i understand a lot will bounce back , but that 's staggering . 
  it 's always our fault , this will be no exception .
