  domestically the operating costs wo n't be lower . 
   feel free to prove me wrong , but the only thing to my knowledge that greece failed to meet , were the projections . 
  all the second bailout terms concerning cuts etc were applied . 
  are you sure ? 
  i think they did not implement the privatization part , the full implementation on a law on pensions passed in 2012 and several others dealing with tax evasion and collective bargaining rights . 
  i believe the negotiations that just went south were exactly about the parts greece did not implement , not about new demands from the creditor side . 
   in other words debt restructuring is not an incentive . 
  but part of the changes needed . 
  i fully understand and support this . 
  i might sound like a mean northern europe conservative , but i see why debt restructuring beyond what already happened needs to take place ( do n't tell anyone , but a huge debt writedown would be the sensible thing ) . 
  however , i can fully understand why the troika insists on getting a full buy-in * first * . 
  the overwhelming majority here is of the opinion that no greek politician ever really owned the need for change - everyone sold it as a `` yeah , we have to , even if it is somewhat unjust '' . 
  and that attitude undermines trust that the other side is really following through . 
  sure , but the us has huge crude reserves . 
  the only large one 's i am aware of in greece are contested . 
  and the us is world-leading in extraction technologies , so they do n't have to pay foreign companies for it . 
  ugh , i nearly jumped out of my skin ... 
   devaluation is good to improve exports , tourism and to strengthen energy sector . 
  some , even argue that it also helps to create new jobs . 
  usa has a 30 years plan to devaluate the dollar and nobody is saying is bad for them to do so . 
  the problem with tourism is that it is already running near full capacity and increasing this capacity takes years . 
  still a good thing even though it creates rather low-paying jobs and at some point destroys the beauty of the country ( cf. 
  costa brava ) . 
  how a weak currency can strengthen the energy sector in a country that imports most crude is also not clear to me . 
  the thing is : devaluating the currency means yanis sixpackis , the man in the street has to pay . 
  want to buy a new car ? 
  you have to work much longer for it than before , part of the price is you bailing out the state . 
  pensioners will be unable to afford most imported goods , and probably energy prices will be affected too . 
  it works , but in effect it is not much different than yet another austerity package . 
   why do they expect the greek govt to put everything in writing ( remember the start of the negotiations ? ), 
  i can not say with any authority because i had to leave the negotiations early  anyhow , a huge sticking point is obviously that the ez does not trust greece to follow through . 
  a lot of things that have been put in writing in 2012 and are the basis of the current `` bailout '' have not been implemented . 
  debt restructuring would be part of the * next round * of talks . 
  personally i 'd say the ez should have issued a conditional commitment to talks about a debt cut if greece implements the current round . 
  but certainly i would not have followed the demand to draw debt cuts into the current round , precisely to avoid a guarantee of debt relief . 
  in the end , the ez stands there , empty-handed while tsipras builds his socialist utopia . 
  i ca n't accept this . 
  right , do n't let facts threaten your worldview . 
   mr juncker held out the possibility of debt relief if mr tsipras agreed to the offer 's terms and campaigned for a `` yes '' vote in sunday 's referendum . 
  but the debt restructuring offer would only be along the lines of a previous november 2012 agreement that mr tsipras has repeatedly said was inadequate . 
  http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/85bc7ab2-1f08-11e5-ab0f-6bb9974f25d0.html#axzz3exrzeczy edit : there have been murmurs for days that merkel also offered debt restructuring and an investment program as part of a third package . 
  and before you start arguing : no , it was not offered in written form . 
  the only winners will be the german financial ultraconservatives and the london banking place . 
  so what does that mean ? 
  they 'll cancel the dimopsifismo ? 
  then they are the laughing stock of the world . 
  or will tsipras advise voters to vote yes ? 
  my head is spinning . 
  this whole mess no longer feels like one of the world 's most civilized region sorting their differences out and more like a bazaar . 
  i guess that 's why v-man denies any plans to leave the ez and threatens an injunction against eu institutions . 
  still , anyone wanting to vote `` no '' on sunday should keep this in the back of their minds . 
  damn , you beat me to it  i love the voting instructions : `` this is how the empty ballot looks - the cross goes here '', 
  tell you what , if you are right and greece becomes a monarchy and pulls this stunt to get rid of debt , i 'll send you a box containing 6 bottles of [ champagne ] ( http://www.amazon.com/2004-dom-perignon-champagne-gift/dp/b00jrfgmdi ) . 
  that 's a cool 1000 $ . 
  i 'll be around , so just drop me a pm when it happens . 
  ok , i see your point now . 
  i think this is getting serious . 
  the ecb has a [ page for press contact ] ( https://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/contacts/html/index.en.html ) and their central telephone switchboard is +49 69 1344 0 . 
  would you please contact them and bring the matter to their attention ? 
  we ca n't let this depend on the off-chance that some ecb member is on reddit . 
  well then , go for it . 
  i think it 's a great idea , the popcorn will be epic . 
  as i said , no one wants to deal with a rogue state . 
  the us would just fence off their existing bases and tell the king in no uncertain terms that any funny games with the bases are a declaration of war . 
  you know that guantanamo bay is in cuba ? 
  it 's a us base in a unfriendly country and cubans could do shit about it . 
  just like with cuba , the russians would not go to war with the us over some bases . 
  also if the eu was in a particularly bad mood , they could just let macedonia ( aka fyrom ) join and claim the historic succession to ancient greece ... 
  yeah , they 'd see the middle finger of a life time . 
  i mean seriously , practicalities aside if a country goes officially rogue , there will be extremely negative consequences . 
  why would you again admit such a country to trust-based organizations like eu or nato ? 
  you would n't . 
  you 'd freeze the country out : cutting off its financial institutions , trade sanctions , confiscation of assets of said country in other countries . 
  greece is extremely import-dependent for anything high-tech , consumer electronics , machinery . 
  once europe implements a sanctions regime like against iran or cuba , greece would drop to third world status . 
  cut off all military parts trade and a year or two down the road the hellenic air force would not fly much longer , the tanks would break and the submarines would stay in port . 
  the insecurity this would create would destroy the tourism industry in weeks . 
  that 's another 20 % of gdp wiped out and a huge increase in unemployed . 
  seriously , we do n't live in the middle ages any more - the world economy is very much connected and the consequences of one country going north korea are dire . 
  and russia as a friend ? 
  good luck with that and welcome to the prison of nations . 
  i am sure the ecb never thought about this before and just lets the bog order paper and ink nilly-willy . 
  probably there are no ecb personell on the ground either and not electronic safeguards on the printing presses . 
  hurray , / u/tbradley saves the day !, 
  this is bullshit . 
  yes , you could declare a new state , default on the debts of the current greece and try a new beginning . 
  however , why would the other countries recognize this new state ? 
  they would still see it as the continuation of the old one because it occupies the same territory . 
  even if it worked , the new sparta or whatever you 'd call it would no longer be part of any international treaty , nato , eu , schengen , uno ... 
  then i do n't get how it would help the greek gov ' t in the crisis . 
  sure , some couple of bn of investments would help in the long run , but you ca n't take investment money to pay off debt . 
  or keep your banking system afloat . 
  from the article it seems he wants to force the ecb to extend ela . 
  i have no idea how a judge would decide on this . 
  why would the brics bank loan money to greece ? 
  i mean seriously , what would they gain ? 
  the real relevant numbers are lower . 
  according to [ financial times ] ( http://www.ft.com/ig/sites/2015/greek-debt-monitor/ ) , for this year , greece has already paid back roughly 19bn eur , but of this 15bn were [ t-bills ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/treasurybill.asp ) ( treasury bills ) . 
  those are peculiar beasts , they are extremely short-running and a country just repays them and loans them again . 
  they are basically a buffer to make sure bills can be paid all year round when most taxes are paid e.g.
