  * sigh * then maybe grexit is indeed the only solution . 
  * watches his fingernails *, 
  because it was a bild-style idea . 
  take a german tax adminstrator who knows a completely different tax code in a country with a completely different honesty when it comes to paying taxes and send them down there to improve their system . 
  i know how this ends . 
  sending e-governance experts from estonia to rebuild the it systems would do much more to help . 
   now this is about not evoking the ghosts of the past . 
   if eurozone imposed policies to combat those i would be 100 % in favor of them . 
  if the ez were to meddle in greek domestic politics even more , everyone would be crying they try to turn greece into a protectorate . 
  this needs to come from within - and that syriza had done absolutely nothing about it makes me think they want to get on the gravy train . 
  it does in passing . 
  the author mentions eu membership and tourism . 
  it 's a bit sad he does n't expand on that point with figures and facts to decide if it 's that which makes greece an outperformer or if we 'd need to look further . 
  but for that they needed another package . 
  and that got much harder with the lapsed deadline , especially because the imf ca n't be pay to that package . 
  i get it . 
  i just think that one of the richest groups of countries should not let one of theirs crash to third world levels, 
  they ca n't get any more money from the imf , just technical help . 
  that 's a huge problem for germany . 
  it 's never just one cause . 
  they grew too fast and that by gaining a lot of sjw types instead of the original neckbeard and nerd target demographics . 
  that altered the character of the party - making it short term more attractive to a broader audience , but also diluting the original mission . 
  arguably with their original program they would never have been able to gain parliament seats . 
  lol excellent , having a big belly will really help . 
  die your hair and use some self-tanning lotion . 
  you need to extend your hand to passers-by and slowly ask `` maaaany , maaany '' . 
  all in all , it 's a depressing subject . 
  there are some glimmers of hope in berlin where they have started employing streetworkers to get roma kids in school , provide healthcare for the women ( especially concerning giving birth and babycare ) . 
  this seems to help a bit . 
  unfortunately , roma are not seen as refugees from violence in eastern europe but as migrants purely for economic benefits . 
  after two weeks of capital controls , there wo n't be a primary surplus . 
  the estimation of capital needed for greece went up from ~ 50bn to 70bn in a couple of days . 
  hang on , is the uk buttfucking us in your map ? 
  everything makes sense now !, 
  i get that , but that was 20 years ago and he seems to have done a u-turn . 
  even if you doubt his motives , going full takbir and allahu akhbar , swearing and throwing stones is not helping anyone . 
   i do n't see how that changes the situation . 
  with the end of june , roughly 10bn eur that were earmarked for greece lapsed and are no longer available . 
  since the country is now in arrears with the imf , the imf is prohibited from loaning any more to greece . 
  otoh , germany made it pretty clear from the beginning they required the imf as a partner . 
  so , it 's not about the two weeks , but about the deadline that was missed . 
  you can call sch\u00e4uble a blood-sucking vampire all day , but it was very clear to everyone that he 'd stick to rules and protocol . 
  considering d'bloem i thought so ? 
  you are welcome . 
  if you are interested in this kind of reports , there 's more [ from the eu ] ( http://fra.europa.eu/en/publication/2012/situation-roma-11-eu-member-states-survey-results-glance ) and [ country-specific ] ( http://fra.europa.eu/en/country-data/2013/country-thematic-studies-situation-roma ) reports . 
  i think parties can take up a life of their own - see how the former soft-libertarian afd got taken over by the xenophobe pegida, 
  bullshit , it was never about being loved by everybody . 
  the party had a pretty focused demographic - you may not like it , but as it were it was one of the few parties catering to technophile young males . 
  yeah , but they had a growth and sustainability problem . 
  once the greens awoke to the issue of civil rights on the net , their core issue was in trouble . 
  furthermore , society wants a party to take a stand on other issues than just net-centric ones . 
  if you want to get away from the anecdotal stories and see some facts and figures , berlin publishes an [ annual report ] ( https://www.berlin.de/ba-neukoelln/_assets/dokumente/beauftragte/fourth_roma_report_neukoelln.pdf ) on the situation of roma coming here . 
  as long as you dress like an american or western european would , you wo n't get any bad vibes . 
  only the most right-wing would care about ethnicity , what will get you really bad reactions in germany is if you fit into the roma stereotype ( flamboyant clothes , couple of visibly dirty kids , gold teeth , begging ) . 
  if you have darker skin tone , you really should do the experiment and dress one day as a typical american gal and the next day as the typical roma ( ok , the dirty kids and gold teeth might be a problem ) , write `` please money , have 5 kids at home '' on a piece of cardboard and walk the streets , go shopping , go in the subway and so on . 
  it will still be safe , but you 'll get very different reactions . 
  we do n't know this yet . 
  all hinges on france , germany and italy . 
  i 'd like to say greece too , but i fear that would no longer be true . 
  this is not yet set in stone . 
  could also be they get nothing and have to get out of the eur . 
  the eurogroup meeting has just adjourned without closing statement or result till tomorrow . 
  this could get very nasty with brinkmanship in every camp . 
  this will ** so ** fuck up greece for generations to come ... 
  my pleasure . 
  i tend to read them if i get sleepy on the job but rather not drink another cup of coffee . 
  their blatant anti-german sentiment works like a cattle prod . 
  one of the few sites where i got a permanent posting ban for calling them out on their bullshit , 
  no , afaik it 's not against sub submission rules . 
  but you might enjoy [ naked capitalism ] ( http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/ ) also , 
  in my neighborhood , there survive a very few gas lanterns . 
  apart from them , in western germany it always was white fluorescent , in the gdr orange sodium lamps . 
  now slowly moving to led lighting , unfortunately without providing wifi like in some us cities . 
  i can not understand that a country that translates even words like computer has no laws forbidding that . 
  could we stop linking to conspiracy sites ? 
  fair point , i guess . 
  though i think luke 's father ( or is that yannis 's father ? ), 
  is simply called lord vader ... 
  the pirates were founded in germany in reaction to moves by established parties to simply implement dns blocks for web-sites . 
  initially for child porn , but it was understood that other sites would be blocked later too . 
  as merkel famously remarked , for the established parties , the internet is `` uncharted territory '' . 
  so they were founded as a techno-nerd-party and everything turned out well initially - the established parties ( including the greens ) had no idea of the importance of free speech on the internet , but a lot of the younger electorate had . 
  they flocked to the pirates and they got some seats in the berlin parliament and also the ep . 
  then , the young feminists joined . 
  and - my own opinion as an old geezer - destroyed the nerdy party in about two years . 
  topics switched from freedom of expression and saving the internet towards gender issues , feminism and immigration . 
  voters left . 
  party as of 2015 is in shambles . 
  end of story . 
  - [ she brought destruction ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marina_weisband ) - [ better days ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2012/09/open-source-politics-the-radical-promise-of-germanys-pirate-party/262646/ ), 
  i ca n't see a temporary introduction of a new currency ... 
  after the pegida takeover and after lucke has left , i guess ( and hope ) , it 's over . 
  when i visited your country in the early 90 's , condoms where nowhere to be had and the youth hostels separated by gender . 
  that threw a huge wrench in my plans : / no , seriously , seems you guys are doing great lately . 
  beat us to equal marriage rights and seem to recover from the crisis . 
  when my daughters are older , we 'll come over and hire a tinker pony and wagon . 
  because then the sp\u00e4tzle producers would go broke . 
  swabian kids would cry for food . 
  thanks , that was a most helpful reply . 
  so basically the finn party can stay opposed all they want .
