  i doubt they are that effective and in any rate , a trustworthy politician would not employ their services . 
  thanks for the clarification , i was not aware of the shenanigans . 
   all things that are imploding under the eu 's watch . 
  this is so wrong , you should stick to us politics . 
  it depends on what your view is on the ** cause ** of the crisis . 
  if you believe the peripheral countries had entered a cyclic crisis as they are quite common or if you believe the us subprime crisis simply triggered a demand shock , then austerity makes absolutely no sense , because what is needed is state-sponsored investments to tide the economy over . 
  that is mostly the position of stiglitz , krugman and of course podemos and syriza . 
  if you however believe the crisis has structural reasons , then this would simply be throwing money out of the window . 
  if some economies ( namely greece and portugal ) were not competitive due to red tape and stifling bureaucracy , wages too high for their productivity and a too high percentage of gdp flowing into pensions , then what would be needed first would be to bring wages down to match productivity , cut pensions , reform the laws governing founding a business and cut the state sector . 
  in this case , it would be extraordinarily important to establish investor trust first , so that you can get foreign private investments . 
  basically this is how poland and the baltics reformed after the end of socialism . 
  stimulating demand comes after that so you do n't create new bubbles . 
  this of course is the position held by the troika . 
  personally , i lean towards the second view , but not as extreme as the ez group . 
  i would have tried to tide over spain ( their crisis was mostly due to the private sector , so austerity deepens the crisis ) and forced austerity in greece because they abused keynsian deficit-spending in boom times and i mistrust the sincerity of reforms there . 
  nice words are no reforms , so i would have made any stimulus conditional on reforms first . 
  however , after some serious reforms , i would have helped them restructure their debt , because as it is it is simply a drag and will never be paid back . 
  in every judicial systems , there are innocents in jail . 
  in the us , lots of them . 
  after you have executed someone , you can never set them free after someone researched their case . 
  so , no . 
  the death penalty is populist bullshit . 
  it brings back to live no crime victim . 
   it amazes me how little politicians still engage the average joe on the subject of europe seriously , how would they do this ? 
  with the emergence of the internet , large parts of the discourse have completely democratized , for better or worse . 
  politicians have no voice on the dozens of forums from gaming forums to military traditionalists to imageboards where eu politics is being discussed . 
  there used to be 1 : n channels like televised speeches , but those have relatively lost much of their weight . 
  then there were n : m channels where n was small like local party meetings , worker 's unions , those are dying . 
  and now we have peer-to-peer communications where everyone has a voice . 
  while this is a great thing , it also means populistic currents multiply there and the politicians can hardly do anything about it . 
  i 'd posit politicians would like to engage the average joe once in a while , but joe no longer wants to engage . 
   europe and it 's good old values that 's to a large extend violence , clay grabs and war . 
  our afd seems to run into internal troubles and strife , but i fear for the day when an anti-europe party gains ground both in france and germany , then it 's game over . 
  if you say so . 
  i 'd rather say this is not criticism but paranoia . 
  i guess we also paid goldman-sachs to undermine the common currency . 
  man , i had no idea we were that cunning . 
  not only did we set up the architecture of the eur to be so that only we would profit . 
  no , we ruined southern europe for our export industry and years before the house of cards came down set up strong ties with china to have a plan b. 
  and of course merkel is so afraid of a leftist gov ' t that she 'd rather blow up the eur than to yield some terrain . 
  oh , and of course in the process ruined salaries at home and abroad for the working masses . 
  just to spite them . 
  oh , so you were saying it is ironic to discriminate against white men at an anti-racism event . 
  sorry , i thought you believed she was being ironic and did not actually mean it . 
  no , some harsh words from paris would get things rolling over here . 
  hehe , yeah right . 
  they are surely making kaputt their own product , just to stick it to eu regulators . 
   who ironically asked white people and men to stay away from an anti-racism event ironically , yeah right . 
  my ass , ironically . 
   gay men stop acting like black women wat ? 
  what 's that supposed to mean ? 
   and refused to condemn isis and al ` qeada we should n't condemn the beautifully rich foreign cultures !, 
  wtf has the one to do with the other ? 
  if you want to bitch about the eu preventing this mini-putin breaking eu treaties , do it in a own thread . 
   kr\u00fcckstock schl\u00e4gt eierstock you just made my day there :-), 
  hello ? 
  most males just so happen to be non-queer and heterosexual . 
  they just might not feel represented by queer gender theories at all . 
  they might even feel antagonize if their way of life is derided as heteronormative . 
  it 's not that i care that much , but all the examples you gave two posts up do n't speak for me . 
  more so if they have nothing better to do than criticise masculinity . 
  whoa , easy there . 
  no one in the neo-feminist or gender discourse takes * men 's * problems serious . 
  they are are fully focused on queer issues and transcending gender roles . 
  for those men who feel right at home in their masculine gender but want a spotlight on high suicide rates , there is nothing whatsoever with the exception of masculists , which do more harm than good . 
  ok , in principle you are right , but currently , no one has to serve . 
  in the lower table `` views of homosexuality mostly unchanged '' , france declined 6 % between 2007 and 2013 , whereas countries like spain and germany gained 6 % . 
  all of your points have nothing to do with the eu , but with national laws . 
  concerning germany :  with conscription , all male citizens are forced to join the military no conscription in germany  higher pension ages for men same age for both genders in germany  a woman is automatically hired over an equally qualified man , regardless of the man 's personal situation . 
  this is unfair in general , but even more unfair to a man with disabilities i want a source on this . 
  in germany , we have positive discrimination at the top management level , but in every other position , the guy with disabilities would have to be chosen . 
   many countries do n't legally recognize male victims of domestic violence not so over here , seems dubious for other countries as well . 
  also , about 7 % of men killed get killed by a current or former partner , in contrast to about 50 % of women . 
  so , while extreme forms of violence can be directed against the guy , it is less frequently so . 
  edit : if i wanted to raise points where men 's issues are disregarded , i 'd say - higher rates of suicide - shorter life expectancy - higher percentage of men in dangerous jobs - male circumcision laws - lack of special programs to target violent male youth to integrate them instead of locking them away . 
  lack of education/training programs for male youth on the brink, 
  kudos , spain , even more so because other traditionally catholic countries are lagging . 
  [ what 's up with france ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/06/04/the-global-divide-on-homosexuality/ ) , though ? 
  influence of the fn or muslim immigrants ? 
  thanks . 
  especially the ex-ministry of highways building is really good-looking and the makedonium is so classic 70 's , it deserves to be preserved . 
  does anyone know if this is maestro cards also ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  if a woman contracted hiv , she 'll spread it happily via blood donations . 
  but then , why are women who had anal not also excluded ? 
  the idea of purity that forbids them intercourse with muslim women ( except for wifes ) . 
  at the same time , some preachers teach them all western women were sluts and whores . 
  a repressive sexual moral mixed with a free-for-all ideology and a lack of in-group sanctions ( among west-hating , radical muslims ) leads to this . 
  look if you decide to disregard facts , i ca n't help you . 
  also what about the ussr ? 
  no , i even agree with what you write , but that 's not what krugman writes ( our , to be more precise , that 's not what i am attacking ) the relevant question is : when the crisis hit , what to do , has austerity really failed ? 
  or does he disregard facts to fit his story ? 
  i am bit confusing correlation and causation , i present a quantifiable correlation . 
  how you interpret it is your business , but there is no belief in the trend . 
  if you think the correlation is circumstantial , you better explain it with a testable model . 
  the growth rates of the ussr vs the usa are easily attributable to the law of small numbers - in fact we all know how this race ended . 
  if anything , the whole history of the ussr underscores my point . 
   is arguing that its not a greek problem because it comes from the fact europe is n't federal and does n't have a common fiscal policy . 
  conveniently ignoring ireland , though . 
  or spain .
