  so you believe the eu ( and/or germany ) should run greek politics , or do i get you wrong ? 
  i am not sure how happy greeks would be if they had to send every new law proposal to berlin for a nod . 
  it 's not exactly fun right now where they have to clear every reform program with the eurozone . 
  so two can play the trolling game ? 
  of course voters are in the end responsible for the government they vote in . 
  greeks in my eyes have the misfortune to have believed in an illusion : it will go on , even if the nagging doubts tell otherwise - but it always went on , so it will now . 
  and so they happily voted for further corruption , further bad governmental practices . 
  now they are more miserable than they should be - getting punished for something no individual could have averted . 
  now they are on the losing end of european solidarity , the solidarity of the want-to-be-rich with the rich . 
  that sucks - and since i believe they have the same overinflated importance attached to pride as turks , they most likely will bail at some point , no matter the consequences . 
  i do n't think they have a rational choice between staying and going . 
  they chose staying some years ago , and bailing now would probably implode the financial institutions of the country and the society in consequence . 
  why do n't you find a source for german investment in greece , i ca n't find any . 
  i love bild-readers ... 
  i know , what i meant is that individuals like the distomo families did not receive some kind of direct compensation . 
  germany did pay compensation , but to countries - and in a lot of cases , their governments just pocketed the money . 
  what we should have done and still should do is try to find the relatives of all massacres and pay them . 
   would be smart for greece to leave the eurozone ? 
  at this time , i believe it will create even more havoc . 
  greece is cut off from the financial markets and a default will not exactly help there . 
  not defaulting but switching to their own currency is not an option either , the debt/gdp-ratio would again explode . 
  i doubt there 's a clean option . 
  stretching repayment horizons till kingdom come , creating some eu investment programs , qe and more bitter reforms are probably the way to go . 
  i doubt this will be fully resolved in 2025 ... 
  well , it 's either default or paying back the loans , not both . 
   did n't need to make any reforms your claim `` did n't need to make any reforms '' is still bullshit , no matter how often you try . 
  as a german , sorry we treated the victim 's families so shabbily . 
  i really do n't like that the victims or their relatives are only pawns in a game between the german and greek government , that 's just unworthy . 
  if the german government fears limitless compensation claims arising from this , they should set up a foundation , give it the 28m and have it support the distomo families . 
  and if the greek gov ' t thinks this court decision has merit , then they should not block it just to retain some leverage over germany . 
  as it stands , it 's a complete clusterfuck . 
  greek people feel germany does not live up to its responsibilities . 
  germans will feel their country is getting blackmailed . 
  and well-needed german investment will dry up . 
  wow . 
  i guess , generation facebook has a hard time taking anything serious . 
  but did the teacher not intervene ? 
  whipping out your smartphone in auschwitz , seriously ? 
  i do n't see it for my lifetime . 
  i just ca n't see the nuclear powers cooperating with the other countries , because there 's nothing they 'd get out of this cooperation . 
  then there 's the problem of power projection . 
  france and the uk want this , germany and the nordics probably would be opposed . 
  i could see a smallish army with a purely defensive mission , but that 's hardly worth the effort . 
  they should do it . 
  then russia would broadcast names of pedophiles in uk government circles . 
  everyone happy ... 
  still , it would be nice if you toned down your rhetoric somewhat . 
  - it is not true that all germans stand united behind sch\u00e4uble . 
  far from - syriza are as much clowns as our government is . 
  sch\u00e4uble repeating the `` troika '' term just to rub their faces in it makes me sad . 
  this is a kind of victor mentality that is completely uncalled for . 
  - tispras et al have a point in that focusing exclusively on cutting expenses is myopic . 
  at some point , greece needs money to recover . 
  - our german narrative that all they need to do is collect the gazillions of taxes due is plain bullshit : lots of companies have gone broke and you wo n't get a dime from them . 
  furthermore building a modern tax authority requires more than a couple of german tax bureaucrats sent down there - they do n't understand greece 's legal system and wo n't be a great help . 
  structural reforms would require getting engineers from google or maybe even ibm - guys who know how to build an auditable it infrasctructure . 
  they will make selfies and toast the dead jews . 
  like someone from maine would see a texan - loudmouthed , unsophisticated . 
  additionally catholic ( people from hamburg traditionally are protestant ), 
  the funny thing is that in germany , berlin is regarded as our greece - overindebted , hardly any industry , a [ substandard gdp ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/73061/umfrage/bundeslaender-im-vergleich---bruttoinlandsprodukt/ ) and happily living on transfer payments from the richer states . 
  typically bavarians see the inhabitants of berlin as lazy coff\u00e9 latte sipping hipsters ... 
  probably still in problems . 
  - unilaterally defaulting on loans is fine if you can finance yourself without foreign money for some years afterwards . 
  if not , you find yourself between a rock ( not enough money ) and a hard place ( no one offering you fresh loans ) . 
  - exiting eur would have given them some breathing room on the other hand because they could have devaluated their new drachma . 
  speculators would have been waiting to attack the new currency if greece would have hesitated with devaluation . 
  - devaluation makes imports ( oil ! ), 
  more expensive and the lack of new foreign money probably would have forced them to adopt austerity measures to cut spending . 
  - i am unsure what would have happened with the [ target 2 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/target2 ) balance they incurred under the eur regime ( target is a bit above my head ) . 
  if they had survived the grexit , then they would have easily stifled the recovery . 
  probably , the ecb ( or the bundesbank ) would have to write them off , though . 
  - capital flight would have been enormous . 
  it is enormous under the current regime , but i believe it would have been even higher . 
  most likely , greece today would have a lower debt/gdp burden , probably a similarly low gdp ( measured in usd/eur ) , but lower rate of jobless . 
  look , we can argue all day if the financial watchdogs should have implemented fiercer measures , that 's fine with me . 
  however , you stated `` the private banks they bailed out ** did n't need to make any ** reforms '' and that 's simply not true . 
   most of the bailout money will go straight to ez states to fill the hole they dug to keep their banks afloat , not to greek civil servants . 
  greek civil servants are probably the least fit to receive the money and handle it properly . 
   the private banks they bailed out did n't need to make any reforms that 's no true . 
  private banks had to deleverage to meet the goals of the upcoming basel iii accord and strengthen their capital base ( crr ) . 
  they had to survive stress tests by the financial supervisors . 
  and of course there was a debt write-down on greek debt that may or may not have hit private banks . 
  crr will be binding by october and at least in germany , bafin already monitors bank liquidity in accordance with crr . 
   correlation is indeed negative but not as strong as suspected how 's the correlation strength ? 
  must be shitty from that huge dot cloud on the left . 
  in ww ii , a huge number of german men ended either dead or as pow 's behind enemy lines . 
  those in soviet captivity took years to come home ( if they did not die in the gulag ) , the last ones only in 1955 . 
  so , in the immediate post-war years , it was women to a large percentage that rebuild the country . 
  many had been working in the industry during ww ii to replace men that went to war . 
  and now they rebuild houses and occupied work places to feed their family . 
  in the 1950 's family values were extremely important in the west and with that came relegation of women to house-wifes . 
  in a sense , their role in war and directly post-war was seen as an irregularity . 
  their legal status was terrible : my mom still gets livid that post-marriage she had to seek approval by my dad to open a bank account and work . 
  if he wanted , he could have written a letter to her employer demanding her job was terminated - and the employer would have had to comply . 
  this uncertain legal status is the work of adenauer 's conservative cdu which ruled germany from 1949-1969 . 
  and this christian party also influenced the public climate very much , praising the mother and vilifying the woman that wants to be master of her own destiny . 
  i am part of the older generation . 
  our talk was the same , but no actions resulted . 
  now , we have re-pinkification of toys for toddlers and the new it-girl role model that emphasizes a lot - just not competence in the work place . 
  well , the one thing socialism got right was getting women to work and building a kindergarden infrastructure .
