  joining one of the leading currencies ( or `` pegging '' your to one ) helps there - the whole economy of the big currency is now in the same currency zone as you are . 
  big currencies are typically from a competitive country ( or number of countries ) , so you enter the competition if you join their currency . 
  that can be good if you pick up the fight and reform your economy to give them a run for their money ( ireland is one example ) , but if you do n't , your companies will suffer and ultimately be taken over or vanish . 
  if your economy is less competitive upon joining , you can not just sit there , you have to move or you will be punished . 
  not joining a big currency means you can devaluate your own currency as you see fit which means imports get more expensive and exports are more competitive - essentially people pay a tax if they want to buy imported goods . 
  on the other hand , their jobs stay even without reforms . 
  on a more technical level , there 's only one interest rate in a currency . 
  smaller and less competitive economies have higher interest rates than the big guys and joining their currency creates cheap loans . 
  that can either be an advantage ( easier for companies to borrow for investment ) or create havoc ( people borrow like crazy for consumption and buying flats , like in spain ) . 
  if the state seizes the opportunity of low interest rates to borrow like crazy , you end up like greece . 
  finland in general is a highly developed country in an economic slump . 
  devaluating its currency would help as would borrowing to build public infrastructure . 
  both is not possible inside the eur . 
  however , leaving would expose them to the aforementioned fluctuations of their currency . 
  because the german gov ' t had no desire to pay for the banks of other ez countries without oversight/guarantees . 
   it is only a `` fundamental goal '' until we decide it is n't . 
  well , d'oh , that 's true for all fundamental goals , is n't it ? 
  probably more arabs speak french than dutch or german . 
  to the best of my understanding , the bombing of da'esh was n't started with a lot of lies about wmd 's, 
  that was an interesting read . 
  i do n't exactly agree that is is losing , but the fake syrian passports indicate that the author is right in that the welcome culture completely undermines is 's narrative . 
  sure . 
  i doubt more bombing will effect anything positive , but if france asks for help , we ca n't leave them hanging - they are our closest bro 's . 
  if it leads to nothing , it is still better than alienation between our countries . 
  it * is * important insofar as we maybe should stop doing the same thing over and over again . 
   there 's a lot of blame to go around and it 's not just on us . 
  nice way to weasel out , mate . 
  spread it around , so it 's diluted . 
  can not yet decide if you are trolling or an idiot . 
  but please go ahead liberating the middle east , worked like a charm till now . 
  do n't forget , there 's ~ ~ liberty ~ ~ oil money in the game, 
  yeah , it 's totally not like chechens are cutting off heads in iraq now . 
  yeah , guns are just that effective against suicide bombers and surprising ak salvos . 
  worked like a charm in the us , both at 9/11 and the oklahoma attack . 
  ok , i am out . 
  this . 
  unfortunately currently , we are more divided than we were for a lot of years . 
  come on man , you got to be kidding me , you do n't believe that . 
  isis exists only because of your moronic gun-boat diplomacy down there . 
  everyone i know is suffering with you guys . 
  we live in shitty times - those reports from the attacks are really gut-wrenching . 
  it 's probably the only good thing that will ever come off this that in those dark hours , our countries are really close . 
  vive la france !, 
  only insofar that it has prevented a total collapse of the iraq army . 
  but , is is alive and kicking , the taliban are on the move in afghanistan and in general the whole security situation in the middle east has deteriorated since 2001 . 
  i specifically was not talking just about the last 12 month but the last 20 years - and over that time , your country 's strategy has been a total failure . 
  what good has the us 's constant bombing in the middle east done over the last 20 years ? 
  or soviet/russia 's bombing in chechenia or afghanistan ? 
  everyone knows we have a rapidly radicalizing group of muslims on our hand , you do n't need to be einstein to understand that . 
  no one knows , on the other hand , what to do with it . 
  if we are honest , none of our approaches ( including the us and russia ) has worked . 
  neither the german `` hands off '' approach , nor the us/russian `` bomb em till they smile '' approach , nor the french or british middle-of-the-road thing . 
  it 's so bad i could n't go there today . 
  france , our hearts go out to you . 
  stay strong and stay safe , brothers . 
   any good books to recommend on the subject ? 
  now you got me . 
  unfortunately , i have stopped reading books ( including e-books ) years ago , i inform myself via blogs and newsmags . 
  so , i can not give you a source on that , sorry - i just remember reading it * somewhere * . 
  no , she just refuses to acknowledge arguments that threaten her world-view , that 's something we all do all the time , just not to such grotesque extremes . 
  someone who is legit mentally ill and commits crimes will be locked in a psych ward , but she does n't fit that bill . 
  not that i think she should go to jail either ... 
  that 's exactly the overbroad catch-all category of mental illness that needs to go because it is so easily accused . 
  tons of scholarly literature have been written about it and i am not sure a definite answer has emerged . 
  it is literally impossible to give you a good roundup in a few lines . 
  that said , - germany did not have a long democratic tradition before , it was relatively late to constitutional rights . 
  in the minds of a lot of people , strong leaders were preferable to the `` chatterbox '' of a parliament . 
  hitler promised to restore germany 's glory . 
  - the country just a couple of years ago had lost a devastating war and was burdened with reparations that most people viewed as unjust . 
  - the great depression totally nuked the economy and people were literally hungry . 
  - the political system was unstable before with governments changing frequently - hitler , by a freak accident , rode in just before the economy began to pick up pace and could claim the recovery to his politics . 
  he also engaged in something like fdr 's new deal building infrastructure and heavy industry to kickstart demand . 
  - people overlooked the thinly veiled threats to jews as strong words . 
  - after the nazi regime was entrenched , you could n't do a lot against it without risking your life . 
  - initially the war went well and germany 's army bitchslapped the rest of europe around . 
  nice change for a humiliated country , especially when france got a drubbing . 
  - hindsight is always 20/20 . 
  people had no idea before what kind of awful shit was coming . 
  the whole concept of a total war or annihilation of a part of the population on an industrial scale had yet to be invented . 
  i think the ordinary german was much like a contemporary russian or turk is today : they wanted a strongman to set things right , not necessarily 20m + deaths and total destruction . 
  fortunately , we are trying to do away with psychiatric clinics as a replacement for jail ( the mollath case being the notorious exception ) . 
  as she does not suffer from a mental illness , she can not be locked up in a psych ward . 
  i took home that there are disposable demining vessels that take a bomb onboard and detonate it . 
  that 's something . 
  hey , it was a killer joke ... 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  wait what , we drink more than finland on average ? 
  what 's going on ? 
   i do n't even know the stereotypes of switzerland . 
  well , you are not half as slow as rumor has it . 
  i do n't know what i 'd do without french ( and swizz ) cheese . 
  unfortunately , we do n't get a good selection over here . 
  you need to set that flag as `` flair '' on the right : show my flair on this subreddit . 
  it looks like : ... ( edit ), 
  we have a great sense of humor . 
  should use the balkans route, 
  i had no idea the gdp difference was that large . 
  strange that people in ni do n't want to join the republic more . 
  i thought the bitter religious differences were a thing of the past . 
  feminists would like to have a word with you .
