  german engineers have no problem finding a job , but chinese workers do - as to a lesser extend german workers if they are not well qualified . 
  i know i am hopelessly romantic , but in a global perspective , 1000 jobs in china are better than 20 jobs in germany and one factory full of robots . 
  i know it 's not so simple ( robot producing companies employ people as well ) , but in the end , the death of the factory worker is a double-edged sword . 
  unavoidable in the long run , but let 's hope it happens slowly - or else . 
  so , please enlighten me : how was greece under austerity for decades ? 
  i completely missed that . 
  it was n't uncommon in germany and surrounding countries a century ago - see [ the image of freud 's couch ] ( https://www.sueddeutsche.de/bild/1.1672054.1368540398/860x860/couch-sigmund-freud-london.jpg ) , but it is very uncommon now . 
  my mother still has rugs on the walls , but she 's very old . 
  personally , i like it if the rugs are ancient and of high quality and with a really nice pattern . 
  if i were rich , i 'd probably hang one or two in my house . 
  the interesting part is in the details . 
  yes , outright debt relief will have to wait until after the german federal election in 2017 , but there 's that :  greece will gain a short-term re-profiling of its loans , while more expensive debt could be `` swapped '' with cheaper loans, 
   you do n't seam to be aware that greece is in austerity since decades care to explain this , because i sure was under the impression that greece was papering over the need for reforms with borrowing for like 10 years, 
  * shots fired *, 
  there were also some huge mass moves in the `` v\u00f6lkerwanderung '' migration period . 
  furthermore , considering germany was a prime battle-ground for centuries , i am sure every invading army got to task raping the local population . 
  so we are probably a mixture of ethnic backgrounds and have been for a long time . 
  to me , there 's some not very clearly defined criterion that whoever wants to be german has to support a set of values in addition to speaking the language . 
  `` other germans '' are n't statistically homogeneous , though . 
  at some point , you ca n't do a meaningful statistics anymore - e.g. 
  what 's the point of comparing ethnic arab gay males with ethnic german gay males ? 
  most likely you 'll learn they are closer in some regards than any gay is to a native german catholic conservative . 
  there is not one single statistical axis to research , there are lots of independent dimensions . 
   net trade however weighed slightly on gdp growth in the first quarter , as a pickup in exports was outpaced by imports , destatis said . 
  total exports of goods and services rose 1.0 % in the first quarter from the preceding period , while imports increased 1.4 % . 
  so , good news everyone , the trade surplus is shrinking ( again ) while the economy grows . 
  some researchers claimed that the 1 + m refugees would create additional demand that would result in +0.3 % of gdp growth - i wonder if we actually see the beginning of that in q1/2016 . 
  it is somehow insinuated in the article , but not really clear . 
  now we need wage increases in line with or slightly exceeding gdp growth ... 
  how original . 
   the confidential figures show that not a single country has fulfilled the criteria , not even the united states , though they are far ahead , as are the united kingdom , denmark , germany and norway . 
  i am surprised . 
  i was living under the impression that germany was far , far away from fulfilling nato criteria ( and enjoying it ) . 
   it may be good news if estonia massively increases its defense budget , but that 's still irrelevant to the overall picture . 
  well , that 's hardly news . 
  the baltics , taken together , could not repel an invasion , even if it was by any third-world country , let alone russia . 
  it all hinges on the heavy-weights , especially the burgers . 
   in the end , germany would be the continent 's greatest military might by far , which probably would n't make all of its european neighbors happy . 
  i do n't see the problem there , only thing we need is a handful of nukes   we are protecting them , giving them military protection and other things , and they 're ripping off the united states . 
  yeah , and you ca n't do a fucking thing about it . 
  intentionally crippling ourselves to pressure the us into providing security - it 's just beautiful . 
  what ? 
  that some kind of nazi joke ? 
   you have to keep in mind that he was born and raised in austria , he 's white , has a germanic surname . 
  otoh , germany had a federal minister and vice-chancellor called [ philipp r\u00f6sler ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philipp_r%c3%b6sler ) who was born in vietnam and came here as a refugee . 
  still , except for the far right , no one doubted he was a german . 
  why not ? 
  half of ( do n't know the actual percentage ) the ethnic poles are descendants of ethnic germans after all . 
  consider a random example : my boss . 
  he moved from russia to germany in the 1990 's to escape the economic hardships there . 
  now he speaks fluent german with a heavy russian accent . 
  he regularly visits russia and his family there . 
  on the other hand , he germanized his name and took language classes . 
  he visits german heritage sites and is read in the german classics . 
  he teases us because we ca n't stomach 100g vodka but one of his daughters is studying at a german university and they speak german most of the time . 
  so what is he ? 
  russian ? 
  german ? 
  i think the * ius sanguinis * and ethnicity are losing ground and are being replaced by a meritocratic principle : you want to work here and pay taxes ? 
  you want to fit in not be a nuisance ? 
  you are welcome . 
  i am not really sure that 's true . 
  at least in the big cities in germany , most people do n't care where you come from or what your blood lines are . 
  i 'd like to think that in the cities , national identity is n't such an important aspect . 
  part of the reasons for that might be that big cities are very much inhomogenous - you have second generation immigrants , naturalized germans , migrants , expats and now lots of refugees . 
  on another dimension , you have punks , gays , hipsters and everyone has to get along . 
   and this was stated as an important reason why only around 15 % of the people are still religiously affiliated there . 
  no , the reason is cultural : in the former gdr , religion was not exactly welcome and the state and party created a lot of events to supplant christian celebrations . 
  while that pissed off a lot of people , it still worked . 
   give up your sovereignity over deciding who comes to your country that is to an extend part of the eu treaties you signed . 
  do n't come complaining . 
   i mean , i think estonia should help with refugees which it will not do , no matter what . 
  it 's completely pointless to expect any help from c/e eu members , the only thing you get back is complaints how much you are victims , first of the soviets , now of the eu . 
  while at the same time enjoying the common market , working in the west if there 's a chance and taking our money hand over fist . 
   maybe if there was actually a sensible plan i have n't heard anything from the eastern emu members but stonewalling . 
  there sure was no sensible plan coming out of your country , the only idea was to squeeze greece and hope germany foots the bill . 
  if you are qualified . 
  it 's really hard to find flats and houses around frankfurt , but there are lots of banks and chemical companies in the area that are by nature immigrant-friendly . 
   sorry , but if eurozone is about lying and shifting private creditor 's responsibility onto taxpayers , it is a very shitty one to be in not going to argue that point , just pointing out that the same happened in all industrialized countries ( with internal bad loans ) . 
  it 's easy to condemn this in retrospect , but at the height of the crises , absolutely no one knew what would happen if the private -  public shift had not happened . 
   also covers what western european companies gained when eastern ones had to remove all their trade barriers and open their markets d'oh , that 's a two-way street . 
  workers here were less than thrilled when their jobs went to the east at the turn of the century . 
  tax-payers money is being funneled to central/eastern europe since 20 years and while i understand the frustration of having to help a nominally richer greece , the constant culture of victimhood in the eastern eu countries while at the same time receiving a sizable percentage of the gdp rubs me completely the wrong way . 
  solidarity seems like a code for `` me , myself and i '' over there . 
  depends on where you come from and where you migrate to . 
  if you are of romani descent , you will encounter all the prejudice against gypsies . 
  if you are from poland , people will maybe lock their cars , but that 's that . 
  you have assholes everywhere , but overall , germans have a positive attitude towards eu migrants . 
  if you are looking for a region where you can live without having to learn german as a first thing and where the reception is positive , move to one of the larger cities - berlin , hamburg , d\u00fcsseldorf , maybe munich . 
  you will meet all of southern europe there . 
  exactly . 
  delicious rieslings . 
  it 's [ not like estonia is a net payer to the eu budget ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/revexp/index.cfm?language=en&amp;selectionmain=operatingbudgetarybalance&amp;selectionby=byyear&amp;showpiechart=false&amp;showmainoptions=false&amp;selectionsort=true&amp;showsortoption=false&amp;mark=ee&amp;selectionunit=gni&amp;animate=false&amp;showembed=false ) though , so in fact the money distributed by the eu flows from the rich to the poor countries . 
  the greek `` bailout '' is a rare exception that has been extremely damaging to a lot of parties . 
  ok , i guess austrian telcos provide a different picture than german ones . 
  that 's never in my life an exponential curve - unless you tweak the exponent so much it borders on linear . 
  which then simply makes my point . 
  maybe you 'd like to reflect on the unanimous rejection your exponential idea received here . 
  but to concede the point : in something like 500 years , it just could enter a really steep trajectory . 
  all things staying the same , which we know is pretty typical over a couple hundred years .
