  you are not going to die to pay back the imf money . 
  but you are not going to kill them either . 
  personally i believe a grexit will add more austerity , but i could be wrong , of course . 
  i am not even sure tsipras really means it . 
  could be posturing , could be a bargaining tactics , could be a way to get forced out of the eur . 
  but if he really wanted a referendum , he had called it back in april at the latest when the negotiations hit a brick wall . 
  yeah , kudos to you guys . 
  i did n't see that coming so fast as the us had been lagging for years . 
  this will give the gay 's cause a mighty tailwind over here . 
  are you asking for anschluss ? 
  uh , that does not make sense at all ( color me surprised ) . 
  first , it is too late , greece will be in default then . 
  second , how do you organize a referendum in 7 days ? 
  that would be impossible in the most advanced countries i guess . 
  edit : well played , alexis . 
  this is probably intended to throw a wrench into the gears of the troika . 
  on the one hand they have their hands full to devise a contingency plan to make this possible by extending deadlines ( so not to appear undemocratic ) , on the other hand he can get democratic backing for a grexit . 
  however , i can see how sch\u00e4uble and lagarde are going to have a ruptured aneurism about this latest twist . 
  they probably do n't dig trolling and at some point , tsipras will overplay his hand - this could be it . 
  history books will note `` european institutions denied a referendum about eur membership twice to different greek pm 's - a move that finally led to the exit of greece from the eur zone '' . 
  i know . 
  i agree with everything you write and it is thoroughly frustrating . 
  i guess my government feels similar desperation and that 's why they try to force greece . 
  i just wanted to point out that a steady-state low gdp might cause less pain than a crash to the same level , and why . 
  i tried this argument some time ago in a discussion with / u/naurgul and it is deceptively convincing . 
  however , if you look at the details , it is less convincing . 
  - first : you have to compare ppp gdp , not nominal gdp . 
  - second : a 25 % reduction in gdp would not be that bad if everyone would be affected . 
  except for the extremely poor , everyone would have to postpone consumption and that 's it . 
  this is not how it works , though . 
  for once , prices have come down way more slowly than gdp . 
  so people lose real income - third : it leads to a fragmentation of society where a medical doctor might be forced to accept a lower salary but a lot of less educated workers end on the dole for years . 
  and without a working social security , that 's pretty tough . 
  so , in the end , a median income in a country with low wages and low prices can have a similar purchasing power as in greece ( relatively high prices ) and a sudden reduction in gdp via high employment will lead to a fragmentation of society where the lucky ones run a taverna in mykonos and will not feel their standard of living decrease while others have to live on the street . 
  it 's not over until it 's over ... 
  aww come on , stop the witch-hunt already . 
  mods should just drop the ban-hammer on those repetitive meta-threads . 
  the problem is that you can either delete hot topics like that or see your subreddit transform into something that might be truer but is also much more unpleasant . 
  in germany , there is a site that specializes in listing `` regrettable isolated cases '' ( wink wink , nudge , nudge ) of immigrant violence and theft to push a certain right-wing agenda . 
  it is not exactly mainstream but it has traction among simpler minds . 
  while each and every case is true , i 'd rather not see this sub turn into something similar . 
  there will be islamist violence ( i suspect a lot more in the coming decade ) , but it should not overshadow the other topics . 
  and once left-leaning people leave because they find the sub to be too racist or right-wing , there is real damage . 
  so , imo some cautious weeding out is in order . 
  this was purely in the context of sly 's proposal that everyone attaches some badly translated content below . 
  of course danish is one of the finest languages there is !, 
  seems like the troika has offered an extension till november . 
  that would be enough to clarify the drafts of both sides and call a referendum . 
  it would be great if there was a css button to suppress the alternative version . 
  failing that , as long as people add the moonlanguage part below the english content , i am fine with that . 
  -- * det ville v\u00e6re fantastisk , hvis der var en css-knappen for at undertrykke alternativ version . 
  you thiefs , stop sippings of schampange , payings of debnts !, 
  ah , good old european values at work . 
  cherish diversity !, 
  let 's make communication a complete mess for everyone . 
  but we have `` ode to joy '' ? 
  that 's much more gentlemanly . 
   you think a state defaulting on hundreds of billions of euros worth of a debt and then exiting the euro has no effect on the euro or eurozone ? 
  look , the eur is issued and controlled by the ecb . 
  their head has publicly stated the bank will do whatever it takes to salvage the eur . 
  if it means reducing the external value of the eur even more , the ecb will do it . 
  if it means looser lending guidelines so that banks will buy ez state 's bonds at low interest , the ecb will do it . 
  yeah that does not sound paranoid at all . 
  well , we have started getting awoken from our cozy 1 % dreams by the global 99 % . 
  i doubt that 's going to lead to ww iii , but i also doubt it will revert back to the comfy times . 
  could you at least do me a favor and put the english above the french ? 
  i do n't speak french and it makes your posts terribly hard to parse . 
  italics are n't exactly helping either . 
  some netiquette would be really be nice . 
  omg , that 's even worse . 
  now we 'll gon na have all comment text in some boxes ? 
  over at / r/worldnews there 's a [ proper ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3b6ate/man_beheaded_and_islamist_flag_raised_in_grenoble/csj8gwm ) thread with updates and in freaking english . 
  i just hope and pray that in any further big events one of the other mods makes a stickied thread instead of this mess . 
   that 's what i meant , why not determine that it 's not the latter ? 
  1 ) how do you determine that with any certainty ? 
  a psychiatrist will not know it any better than the person themselves . 
  we have had a lot of debacles in that area because psychologists tried to push their theories , d. reimer being one example . 
  2 ) what 's so bad about people who decide their gender later in life ? 
  that tomboy in your example might or might not have gender issues , you do n't know . 
  but in any rate , i do n't see the minor inconvenience of teachers and class-mates having to switch to another personal pronoun as a valid reason to submit a child to a psychological examination . 
  yeah , and this is ( for most transsexuals ) complete bullshit . 
  also transsexuals are not afflicted with a disease , so we could as well stop with the medical evaluations and just accept them as they are and support them on their way . 
  i fail to see the harm if some gender-bending queer kid decides to try on the different sex for a couple of years and later reverts back . 
  i think there 's an error in the argument : 1 ) in the case where the ez accepts the greek proposal the payoff for the ez is 0.75 because :  if the eurozone accepted this deal , the monetary union would remain intact , but it would have to ease its strict rules on fiscal policy and take a loss on holdings of greek debt . 
  let 's give the eurozone payoff a score of 3/4 . 
  so the overall payoff is ( 1 , 3/4 ) . 
  2 ) in the grexit case , the payout for the ez is assumed to be 1 ( `` the first scenario is likely to be pretty bad for greece but not for the eurozone - a payoff of ( 0,1 ) . '' ), 
  however , in case of a grexit , the payoff for the ez would be considerably lower - most likely the holdings of greek debt would have to be written off completely . 
  ** and ** greece would require more money to avoid a complete economic meltdown ( ok , another node in the tree , the ez could just ignore this and accept a state crashing towards third-world levels ) . 
  one could argue ( 0 , 0.5 ) for grexit , i guess . 
  because being born transsexual is totally the same as dreamy roleplaying ... 
  as this only concerns legal gender and does not require or allow sex-alignment surgery on minors , it seems a pretty solid change to me . 
  and they can switch back if it proves to be an episode , not permanent . 
   so you are arguing that healthcare , pensions or education are luxuries , or what ? 
  did you even try to understand the core of the argument or are you already on some socialist tangent ? 
   if anything that just means that they need a larger administration to perform the same services . 
  or maybe a more efficient one . 
   that 's irrelevant no , it is not . 
  a rich person can spend 80 % of their income on fluff like yachts , a poor person can not because they have to spend their disposable income for rent and basic needs . 
   it makes no budgetary difference .
