  also another question if you can answer , how big were desertions and defections of slavs had happen from austria-hungary . 
  i remember reading long ago in elementary school history book for croats that around 60,000 of men deserted , defected or wounded themselves on purpose to on front against russia . 
  i ca n't verify those numbers at all , but i 'm curious if you know anything more detailed about that ? 
  grrm said lady stoneheart is cut from show . 
  but is it 62 bear men ? 
  several people paid to have a private dinner with george and [ he said blatantly stoneheart is cut from show ] ( https://youtu.be/u5pjkldtah0?t=7m23s ) . 
  video is good in general as it summarized entire dinner talk , even though george is mostly evasive and understandably wanted to minimize amount of question related to asoiaf books and got show . 
  that 's why editing is exists . 
  you cut out the fat and show the best part through epic music . 
  honestly , i would if they could make two layer world map for ground and underground terrain to give justice to dwarves and skaven . 
  i do n't know is it possible with this engine and it might screw up the a.i. , but would be nice if ca pulls it off well in future expansions . 
  but their targets are primary of civilian kind , very few military targets are hit . 
  please do n't go to finals , i 'd be big pissed if spain-italy is yet again euro finals for second time in a row . 
  it has more chance then france , i have to say . 
  i had the same nonsense where as us i occupied most of germany and capture berlin , yet credited soviets who did n't even got to german border and are still fighting in poland ( they focused fighting against japan ) and when germany capitulates even kicked in soviets got half of germany occupied automatically . 
   32 ' chiriches is booked for a handball, 
  he was booked for protesting to ref , not handball . 
  during my poland game , thanks to forts and natural defences ( with forts ) , by start of 1940 germany lost 1 million soldiers ( without real engagement against french ) while me as poland lost like 75k soldiers . 
  have n't lost a single city either , not even the border city poznan that had held amazingly well while being surrounded on 3 sides . 
  oh yeah , forgot to mention i had complete air superiority . 
  and all of my divisions had anti-tnk and anti-air weapons . 
  germany just stood no chance . 
  although obviously i still had micro my divisions to deny breakthroughs , but still was n't too hard once i build massive fortress defence . 
  i really hate names for hoi4 countries . 
  well you always start with rough prototypes . 
  i 'm surprised there 's still no mod to fix the names for countries . 
  assad 's regime is responsible for over 200,000 killed civilians . 
  i seriously doubt rebel had more then 200,000 fighters . 
  nah , diesel cars would do that . 
  england really needs to learn to score goals . 
  they completely dominated this match , yet ca n't aim for shit . 
  because they 're mostly hitting civilians and terror bombing is the least military effective strategy . 
  to be fair , usa lost first match while england had a draw on own first match . 
  hopefully turkey does n't play with scissors . 
  it 's not like \u010ca\u010di\u0107 can bring passion to anyone . 
  do n't dis on luxembourg !, 
  they 'll win next world cup !, 
  nah , just half a stadium is gon na be police , as a massive buffer between ukrainian and russian fans . 
  not with the french , it seems . 
  or were french jealous that they choose to hang out with poles first ? 
  he walked straight into it . 
  something something albanian drones . 
  thank god you 're wrong on first half . 
  geez , i wish he 'd be here actually cause our pundits is a crowd of the captain obvious . 
  we won !, 
  we actually won !, 
  fuck we actually won !!!, 
  \u010ca\u010di\u0107 still blows though . 
  and why the hell was rakiti\u0107 subbed out ?!, 
  \u010corluka needed to get out of the game , head injuries are not something to take lightly . 
  too many bars were hit today . 
  suba\u0161i\u0107 , i love you !, 
  medical team is one that makes such decision , not a player . 
  if that had happened , the medical team should be fired for not showing their proper authority . 
  we need to do a lot better for games against czechs and spain . 
  no point to hope for that , this spain can easily win this euro . 
  we only need to beat czech 's to play calmly against spain . 
  we still want to win against spain , but it 's more optional that that point . 
  so , he 's getting sacked after euros ? 
  true , but it 's more ideal to beat them . 
  what the fuck , you 're were n't kidding . 
  in syria , all three factions are ~ ~ fighting together ~ ~ against each other despite isis . 
  only by that fact alone it 's worse . 
  i meant to say fight against each other , edited my post . 
  and rebels did had good gains against isil in south syria , while in north aleppo they are fighting extensively although it only resulted in many bodies for both sides and with territories going ping pong on who controls it . 
  whatever it 's done on purpose or out of negligence , russia is committing major war crimes . 
   the faith of the seven is pretty clearly christianity . 
  hardly , really . 
  faith of the seven is blatantly treated as polytheism , hardly dogmatic too tolerant of other religions and heretical believes like where people merge other gods with faith of seven . 
  by appearance first hand it looks like christianity , but as you look more closely it 's more akin to ancient rome 's polytheism ( minus the whole ancestor worshipping ) . 
  high sparrow is the closest thing to christianity due to his dogmatic stances . 
  sure , if you ignore the fact russians are mostly hitting civilians in their terror bombing campaign . 
   since the show has never flat out said shes left handed, 
  yes they did . 
  back in season 1 , she simply could n't train with syrio with right hand and needed to train with her left hand instead . 
  except they keeps saying gods in both book and shows , as well many characters are merging old and new gods together . 
  completely nothing alike with holy trinity . 
  no southerner can rule the north , and any non-stark northerner will also have serious difficulties to rule the north . 
  starks are the key to rule the north , hence littlefinger needs sansa to succeed that . 
  also , lf is not one-dimensional character . 
  he truly does care for sansa . 
  so he will not harm her , as he wants to rule with her , or at least rule through her . 
  jon and rickon might be in danger however . 
  not even remotely close . 
  except in practice every considers them as multiple gods , not a single god . 
  yeah , he died not longer after world cup ended . 
  2nd worst . 
  `` the red woman '' is still far worse . 
  that theory is even worse then from what we actually got in me3 . 
  reaper indoctrination rule 1 . 
  you ca n't fucking break from it . 
  you ca n't !, 
  once you 're theirs , you are theirs . 
  only way out is suicide or getting yourself killed . 
  no not really , people still say it nationalism . 
  only americans do n't like to use that term and say patriotism instead . 
  joffrey would n't allow cersei to control him and he would never allow faith militant in first place . 
  cersei fucked it all up because she can manipulate tommen , but she ca n't do the same for joffrey . 
   the stone age, 
  russia is n't that bad .
