  nah , not idolizing sherman . 
  just pointing out that the idiotic south brought on itself for the north to unleash that beast on them . 
  because , like you said , there was no other option but violence . 
  because better to send many young men to their deaths just to keep those black people in chains . 
  because that 's a great goal to die and fight for !, 
  eisenhower gained a ton of geopolitical experience when he had coordinated military operations , occupations and transitions to civilian administration with british , french , soviets and other allied nations in north africa and europe . 
  he had a lot of executive powers even diplomatically , so he did n't have to answer to fdr for the most part . 
  so through that way , ike learned a lot about how to run a country along with dealing properly with foreign powers . 
  so military background should be one exception . 
  al franken is great because he was well educated , intelligent and smart . 
  not because he 's an actor . 
  john kerry is a pathetic joke . 
  yes , kerry had no place to be in that position . 
  or in any government positions . 
  he was weak and clueless . 
  also let 's not forget that a decade before that british and soviets invaded iran only because they had assumption they 'll sell oil to nazi germany . 
  no proof of that allegation even today , but british and russians still invaded that neutral country anyway and occupied it for years . 
  state 's rights is only for the south , for for the demn yankie kings !, 
  oh wow , had no idea that one exists . 
  subbed . 
  and was n't his grandmother probably a jew ? 
  well , another subreddit linked in this thread for me to sub to . 
  eeeh , iran is funding extremists shia militias that are committing major war crimes and crimes against humanity in iraq and syria . 
  and also not so much better shia militias in lebanon and yemen . 
  iran is only slightly better because they have a islamic based democracy , unlike saudis . 
  otherwise , both countries are run by radical muslims that fund extremists for their proxy wars . 
  something is very off with the maths here , otherwise nearly every european country would have been bankrupt as we have universal healthcare here . 
  i do n't remember fdr doing ponzi scheme . 
  well social security is n't about making a profit , unlike ponzi scheme . 
  well , shit mate , would be helpful if people ( like this article ) would stop using both terms interchangeably . 
   they had already won kursk, 
  that 's majorly thanks to us-british invasion of sicily , forcing hitler to redeploy millions troops from eastern front towards italy and balkans . 
  for that , germany had to cancel operation citadel in middle of offensive , giving soviets a decisive victory over a battle of kursk that was stuck in a stalemate with either side being able to win . 
  well it 's same true for many generals ( generally , dictators are from military background ) , it 's military logisticians who freak out against those dumb wastes . 
   gianforte losing tomorrow is the closest thing to justice that we can hope for . 
  sadly this assault is unlikely to change things . 
  many early votes were already cast and today voting starts . 
  unless these news go very viral in montana , many voters either wo n't know this happened until after they voted or will be confused by the situation due to gianforte 's response on this . 
  good thing steve bannon came back to us after saudi visit . 
  pope francis would have likely declared crusader against us if he had seen him in person . 
  dnc being unethical with blatant bias with support for clinton does not make primaries rigged . 
  i severely doubt estonian intelligence has the golden shower tapes . 
  do n't think so . 
  british and especially the french would have no tolerate german military establishment get away with another aggressive war . 
  they simply would n't allow to have ww3 in 20 years time yet again . 
  communism or not . 
  netanhayu made his bed for siding with far-right populists to freely opress palestinians . 
  they are only smart enough to not go to war with everyone at once . 
   i think i will see an european federation in my lifetime . 
  i 'd much more prefer confederation , but nobody seems to run for that option . 
  here 's a thing on why i have an issue with european federation , and that it will start major cultural crisis and clashes with pan-europeanism . 
  pan-europeanism is n't that well thought out in the first time . 
  who 's culture with dominate ? 
  german ? 
  french ? 
  spanish or italian ? 
  just look at pan-slavism , which is a disastrous failure . 
  initially every slavic nation loved the idea , especially to be released from germanic dominance . 
  yet when it became clear that russians would dominate in east and serbs in south , cultural clashes between slavs began and pan-slavism slowly become destroyed . 
  historical precedence like that makes me fully oppose pan-europeanism , and to that extent european federation . 
  if anything were to happen , it has to be confederation . 
  large autonomies for nation-states , national armies should remain even with creation of european army , protection of languages in their home-countries and so on . 
  plus i 'd prefer to keep my national identity and culture to remain existing even long after grandkids of my grandkids pass away . 
  zna\u0107i tipi\u010dni youtube komentari . 
  jfk was a dirty liberal democrat , so got ta stick it to the script . 
  also it did n't help that soviets were pretty bad at providing objective historic facts to , well , anyone . 
  and insisted to spread communist propaganda . 
  oh and to make matter worse , westerns only could have relied on eastern front historical research from former nazi germany generals who continued to serve in military of western germany . 
  so up until collapse of ussr , western historians could have only relied on nazi germany 's side of the war on the eastern front . 
   but was mentally ill and not a communist at all ? 
  never heard of that one before . 
  where did you get that ? 
  due to ideological reasons . 
  putin is doing everything they want . 
  supress leftists , tolerated violance against minirities , state controlled right wing safe space ... 
  i mean propagandist media !, 
  milutarist culture encuraged into civilian populace , alpha-male patriarchy and more . 
  russia also only has one aircraft carrier , only it is garbage that amazes people how it even still sails . 
  dpr and lpr would have collapsed on themselves long ago , if not for russia . 
  putin only appears strobg when he is sorrounded by the weak . 
  by that point he had firm control of the staze media and opposition was pretty much destroyed . 
  hell for example , hitler 's economic policies were terrible and germany suffered economic decline under his regime . 
  but he remained popular by taking control of the state media and destroying opposition . 
  oh and the whole make germany/russia great again thing . 
  only due to iran and russia both supportting assad . 
  and iraq is under iranian influance . 
  it is an alliance of convinience over common goal in syria , nothing more . 
  yeah , it is nuts there are people whom seriously believe in that . 
  entire comment section turned into bashing croatia and keep bringing up ww2 topic . 
  in a video about ww1 !, 
  complete off topic and politically motivated . 
  express them in proper places . 
  do you really think it would be acceptable to post any ww2 topics on this subreddit ? 
  or any other historical event that happened way after ww1 , without anything relevant to ww1 ? 
  no it would n't , threads like those would be quickly deleted for going off topic . 
  it is not an appropriate venue to bring such discussions . 
  well almost as if then comment section is worthless so what 's the point of having them open ? 
   and then labour won the elections . 
  perhaps politics should remain boring afterall . 
  torries are just bunch of children .
