  this should be a final nail to the coffin of assad 's dream to gain control back of entire syria , or at very least soldiers and commanders in tiger forces had that rude awakening . 
  prestani preseravati most !, 
  what the hell is with us media with continuous antagonizing of iraqi government ? 
  it wo n't happen . 
  it completely unrealistic . 
  rebels are fortified and have enough manpower to deny siege , meanwhile regime only needs to do one big mistake for the whole offensive to collapse due to their manpower shortages . 
  and with very successful rebel offensive in latakia , it would n't surprise me whole aleppo offensive is called off so that tiger forces can be redeployed and stop rebel offensive there . 
  depends if it 's a surprise attack or not . 
  actually sean bean knows about jon 's true parentage . 
  iraq is functional well considering the war , especially after fallujah was liberated an now most of the country in iraqi government control . 
  at least he has some tiny semblance of rationality to consider assad worse then ypg . 
  hardly , the whole front is in ping pong phase with both sides taking significant casualties . 
  the whole front will continue to be active until either regimes cancels the offensive to send tiger forces elsewhere or until one of the side breaks which would be then be a major turning point for whoever side wins . 
  my money is on cancellation , regime will have to respond to losses in latakia if they do n't make break rebels in north aleppo in short notice , which is not happening for long time . 
  we do n't really know how much of losses are either side taking . 
  it 's very common mistake said as word racism has more emotional appeal then word bigotry . 
  so it 's more misused word , but correct point is made anyway . 
   looking at the overwhelmingly pro rebel news being uploaded to this sub in the past week, 
  what are you talking about , this sub has been overwhelmingly pro-regime for many months . 
  with only few occasion being pre-rebel when regime supporters are unable to deny defeats and incompetence from assad 's regime . 
  i doubt they have manpower and equipment for that , but it would be great if sdf could capture hamir labidh and hamzah and trap isil forces in that big pocket . 
  unlikely scenario , but it would be a major blow to isil . 
  maybe they 're volunteers to help looking for survivors and to recover dead ? 
  well , you shut him up . 
  yeah , only 10 % of their subscribers are active viewers at their peak , even less so on average video . 
  so out of 11 million , little over 1 million are active viewers at it 's peak . 
  so losing 200,000 k active subs in short time spam is actually a big hit for them . 
  that was before rebel counter-attack , so right now it 's inconclusive who holds it or is it still contested . 
  assad 's regime and isil had committed most of and the heaviest war crimes and crimes against humanity . 
  fsa rebels crimes are tiny compared to those two evils , but they definitely still committed big share of war crimes themselves . 
  sdf did some small share too , but it looks like it 's exclusively on individual level then on organization effort as a whole . 
  there 's gon na be some serious war crimes investigation on this whole war , but only if syrian regime loses the war . 
  there is no way will russia ever allow any international war crime investigation against regime and un will not do investigation unless all parties agree on investigation to happen with full cooperation and to accept on whatever court ruling happens . 
  i do n't think show euron would know a difference . 
  not really , farms had exchanged hands every day . 
  whatever happened to country wide cease fire ? 
  not really , you do n't fuck with irs . 
  you simply do not . 
  and no politician in us is stupid enough to accept a direct bribe , fbi would be all over you . 
  militarization of police is a terrible idea . 
  and police do not typically deal with military trained killers . 
  with considering that this murderer 's motivation is most likely due to already militarized police abusing their authority in usa , such move would only make situation way worse in us for both civilians and police . 
  most people still panic even when they voluntarily put themselves in position they will die either way . 
  does texas , or just dallas , even a have problems with racist cops profiling blacks ? 
  damn , that 's messed up . 
  thanks for reply . 
  since when daenerys went deus vault ? 
   lastly , fascists and neutrals would not puppet, 
  huh ? 
  but axis powers did puppet some countries instead of annexing . 
  i still ca n't get away from the fact this is a ww2 game pretending to be ww1 game . 
  no , france was awful . 
  two terrible and boring teams , yet somehow reached the finals with awful and dry play . 
  what a joke . 
  yeah , looking at pictures shown crowd does look rather small . 
  meanwhile op shown a picture of a really large crowd gathering . 
  yeah and then his fascist goons replaced the mafia by doing own criminal activities . 
  as long as state authorities do it , it does n't count as crime for fascists and other authoritarian ideologies . 
  not with that injured leg . 
  only way turkish government would reconcile with assad 's regime is if rebels become a complete lost cause and assad guaranties to end kurdish uprising through military means . 
  however that would also clash turkey with rest of nato that supports kurds in their fight against isil . 
  turkey would need to do a complete foreign policy overhaul by completely distancing itself from westerns powers , only so they can deal with kurdish uprising . 
  erdogan , or whoever would replace him , has to go completely insane to do that . 
  except you , personally , are justifying it . 
  your lack of self-awareness is showing . 
  it was a star wars movie pretending to be a star trek movie . 
  so you want for usa to have small relationship improvement with russia with a price of completely alienating european allies ? 
  how 's that great ? 
  oh yeah , completely alienating and pissing off your allies is a great foreign policy . 
  there is no ping pong of turkish policy on assad 's regime . 
  it stayed the same , just people in this sub had completely taken one mp 's statement out of context . 
  war is nowhere near finished . 
  only thing turkey ailed is that they decided to prioritized kurds over assad and isil . 
  getting them in conflict with usa is aiding kurds in fight against isil first . 
  and tables can easily turn back to turkey 's and rebels favour by 2017 , if hillary clinton becomes us president . 
  so no , turkey did n't lost hence erdogan 's policy is n't a complete and utter failure , even with some of his terrible moves at the worst possible timing . 
  you 're utterly absurd . 
  usa is a democracy , plain and simple . 
  eeh , no ? 
  hitler did n't screwed over wehrmacht in ww2 . 
  in fact , he gave them a lot of free reign . 
  in fact whenever he intervened , it was because different generals as well different military branches were in conflict on how to do military operations . 
  german army in ww2 lacked unity in command chain and hitler did n't went far enough to insert that unity . 
  especially when he created ss paramilitary that made things even worse . 
  i never suggested hitler was a military mastermind . 
  he was merely competent . 
  and he did n't replace respected officers for his political groons until after failed assassination and coup made by his life by his generals in 1944 . 
  hitler made a lot of mistakes , but putting political yes-men over good military officers is not one of those . 
  also , hell , he wanted to start operation barbarossa in spring , but military generals objected to do it that early due to spring rains that made lot 's of mud and floods in ussr . 
  hence it got postponed to summer . 
  so hitler actually did allow high ranking officers objecting his plans , because he was n't an idiot . 
  and to make it clear , not being an idiot does n't make you a genius either . 
  he was simply competent at what he did . 
  except in diplomacy , he was rather shit at it as he interested nazi ideology over practicality for diplomacy . 
  gon na give wild guesses why . 
  bandera was n't a nazi , nor once did you mention azov nor tornado . 
  so title for this thread itself is misleading and you , yet again , violate subreddit rules . 
  that alleged cia incident is irrelevant to ukrainian conflict . 
  because its funny similarity , while video itself is relevant to ukrainian conflict . 
  error 404,
