  republicans changed the game by braking rules , democrats will have to do the same only escalate . 
  republican party is an enemy to both us and the free world and they have to be destroyed through any necessary means . 
  stewart could n't have predicted this . 
  nobody could . 
  nobody seen what is actually happening until it was too late . 
  also mexican military is not to sneeze at . 
  it is a first world country modern army , as well very militarized police similar to us police . 
  also mexicans love guns too . 
  and then there 's mexico 's geography and a ton of mountains and hills . 
  good luck invading a country with ton of natural defences that is also perfect for guerilla warfare . 
  invading mexico would be a complete and utter nightmare for anyone . 
  well technically , us never invaded vietnam . 
  in fact , whole vietnam war was a counter-insurgency for us to aid south vietnam regime . 
  but yet , it would be 1000 times worse for us to be in war with mexico then it was in south vietnam . 
  1/3 of democratic voting base voted for bernie . 
  it pretty much is democratic party voting base . 
  over 90 % of bernie sanders voters voted for hillary clinton . 
  he 'd be outright banned from there and his comment deleted . 
  ww1 turned us into a world great power , not superpower . 
  i do n't even think he 's gay . 
  i feel like it 's all an act , due to how stereotypical and blatant he 's about it . 
  i 'm in croatia and i 'm shitting bricks here . 
  conflicts in kosovo and especially in bosnia are far from resolved , despite 20 years of peace . 
  which was a disastrous decision . 
  tpp needed re-negotiation , not to be killed . 
  while populists do follow up on their promises , their promises are just terrible for the country . 
  i 've been told it is awesome , i just have n't been there for 8 years . 
  stuck in poor continental part of the country . 
  oh and part that in case of renewed war in bosnia and with serbia , would be a frontline . 
  yay me . 
  absolutely , that story should be hammered for years if need be . 
  it is something not only trump 's regime should n't get away , but also republican party as a whole . 
  no pod austrijom , onda mi imali prave ekonomske reforme and investicije . 
  belarus has no interest to be russia 's puppet . 
  but it might take long . 
  everyone knows about watergate and nixon , but only today i learned it took 16 months to get impeachment process started against nixon after watergate scandal was revealed to public . 
  so , pretty much fits his character then . 
  because this was people logic . 
  clinton was competent and she 'd do a lot of bad things . 
  trump is incompetent and he would n't be able to do anything . 
  yet here we are , trump is hugely incompetent yet still capable to do a ton of bad things in short time . 
  no us president went out and ordered assassinations of political dissenters and critics like putin did . 
  i will never in my life understand how and why us military is so loyal to republican party , no matter how much that party had fucked them over for decades . 
   separate the two , and trump may cease to be evil , becoming merely dangerously incompetent . 
  nah , trump would remain evil as pence would start speaking in his ear once bannon is gone . 
  2016 killed satire . 
  the real world is literally a parody of itself right now , so it is damn impossible to be satirical nor sarcastic without being taken seriously at first . 
  he is a lesser evil , but evil never the less . 
   how many presidents do you know of that wear a military uniform ? 
  well , george washington , ulysses s. grant and dwight d. eisenhower i guess ? 
  assad 's regime is caused 90 % of civilians casualties and massive refugee crisis . 
  no fly zone against him should have put years ago , but obama was too afraid to look like bush . 
  yeah , progressives and liberals will have easier time to form a stable coalition with republican then with libertarians . 
  and trump campaign staff took away trump 's access to twitter , so that he does n't do anything embarrassing in final week . 
  this had to have been a calculated move . 
  o'reilly will never apologize . 
  not really due to integrity , but because he has too big of an ego to do so . 
  and then there 's also the fact us has strong diplomatic power in most countries and on every continent . 
  china is diplomatically isolated in east asia , say for couple of african countries , and it is mostly hated in east asia . 
  hell , their only ally is north korea and china hates north korea but protects it solely for being a buffer state against us and japan . 
  also china will need decades to even get close to us level of economy . 
  china 's huge domestic corruption and poor planning for domestic economic growth are huge issues from making china truly competitive with us . 
  china is just superior to russia and india , while better then a messy eu . 
  why mathematically that is true , but reality is china 's economic growth is inflated by massive construction efforts that are n't used once finished . 
  in concept it is same as housing bubble in us that caused 2008 recession once it burst . 
  china will experience even worse bubble burst that will cripple china 's economy , as well economies of other east asian countries . 
  and that 's very scary actually , when you combine trump 's presidency . 
  both china and us will fall to their knees very soon , while russia will exploits the chaos for short term gains while creating even more global chaos . 
  past couple of years made me realize how reactionary people are really big on being a fashion police . 
   not only in america , he is normalizing xenophobia in canada too . 
  make it worldwide . 
  far-right reactionary radicals have been celebrating and supporting trump for past year worldwide . 
  i will never forget a rally in serbia for trump , which was led by a person who wrote a modern memo for creation of greater serbia , forceful deportations and massacres of non-serbs in territories deemed serbian and was an activist to support serbia 's war efforts in my country , croatia , as well in bosnia and kosovo . 
  put him on a boat and send him towards indonesia . 
  i do n't think fsb has capability to assassinate anyone in us . 
  cia and fbi would flip out if fsb started to send their assassins on us soil , trump or not . 
  wait , london is in us ? 
  when england becomes 51st state ? 
  bannon can do something else , target the republicans instead and try to destroy their careers until trump brings him back to inner circle . 
  if bannon is kicked out , we somehow survive by 2018 and democrats win back either or both congress and senate , trump might use it to return bannon under his helm to advise him to destroy evil liberal enemies and traitorous republicans . 
  that ... that is actually a perfect way to describe scientology . 
  putin is littlerfinger . 
  a master manipulator that creates chaos to profit and gain power in short time , but with a vague and unrealistic end goal . 
   i think best korea actually is really thankful for trump . 
  they are no longer the laughing stock of the world . 
  i do n't think they ever thought to be a laughing stock . 
  he always posts something truly stupid at 4 am on twitter . 
  why . 
  why 4 am ? 
  no , but trump might forget that by that point . 
  here 's some videos on it :, 
  [ cbs `` china 's real estate bubble '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxjwhk1ktnw ), 
  [ sbs `` china 's ghost cities '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbdes_mxmnm ), 
  [ vice `` china 's housing bubble '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bn2guaqessi ), 
  and there was a major economic crash in china last year . 
  bbc explains it well in [ `` the great chinese crash '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxvnoithq-a ) . 
  but it 's not even the worst china could have been hit with , as chinese government did try to tame and control the housing bubble . 
  but they can easily get hit even worse next time and very , very soon . 
  china seriously needs to completely restructure it 's urbanization plans and build for poor people in right places to economically develop over time , not for non-existent middle class in wrong places . 
  problem is n't that trump can successfully silence the media .
