  i ca n't remember . 
  eh , it 's irrelevant house anyway . 
  they did lead the calvary , but i did n't meant them either . 
  how could i forget those cowardly traitors that betrayed the king robb !, 
  those backstabbing traitors !, 
  they even attacked starks from the rear !, 
  but was not thinking of them either . 
  ah well , i give up . 
  whoever was that house , it does n't matter . 
  starks ai n't gon na sing songs of dead and forgettable houses like lannisters do . 
  neutral wankers !, 
  no surprise from those andals , they 're not the first men . 
  not the true northerners !, 
  though , i do n't recall they were at the battle at all so it was n't them i meant either . 
  saa is nothing if not stubborn . 
   croatian fa, 
  croatian police , not fa . 
  same reason why any other corrupt and powerful rich person and/or politicians is n't getting attacked . 
  too much security to go against and generally this hooligans are massive cowards . 
  it is croatian police that is calling this out , not croatian fa . 
  they 're more concerned to terror bomb civilians then to something practical like coordinating ground troops with air support . 
  that just makes your military commanders competent and a possible threat for military coups . 
  can you please keep those places now azaz rebels ? 
  isil can hardly be in worse position in that place , you got ta succeed now and not go ping pong yet again . 
  if azaz rebel again get beaten back majorly , it 's pretty much over for them to ever launch a proper offensive against isil . 
  trump would completely alienate us allies and has no skill nor experience to work in diplomatic world . 
  it 's far more destabilizing to have a village idiot as us president that will cripple or even completely wreck nato and other us alliances , then to have a war hawk clinton escalating in middle east . 
   scorched-earth destruction of libya, 
  ... that did n't happen to libya . 
   of which has left libya a failed state , graveyard , and terrorist haven . 
  meanwhile syria is in far , far worst state then libya was with nato intervention . 
  she 's ahead of trump by 8 points , that 's a landslide victory for her . 
  trump has to completely overhaul his campaigning and fundraising if he wants to catch up by november . 
  once iraq liberates fallujah , they 'll free up a lot of troops and once they lick their wounds and resupply they can prepare to liberate mosul along with peshmerga . 
  it 's gon na be a while , but iraq is in position to liberate mosul . 
  assad 's regime is in no position to even look at raqqa , let alone take over that city . 
   seems like the very long slim salient was not a good idea, 
  and people are surprised that had backfired to regime . 
  there 's 4 times more syrians then libyans , however 80 times more syrians were killed then libyans . 
  and most of civilians were killed by regime terror bombing , which forced millions of syrians to flee to neighbouring countries . 
  considering russian and regime airforce is more concerned to terror bomb civilians instead of aiding regime 's offensive , then answer is probably a no . 
  they are reset after quarter finals . 
  7:1 if you had casillas ? 
  then lose to croatia . 
  not possible , croatia and poland will meet in quarter-finals if both win in 1/16 round . 
  derp , i read it as and not or . 
  [ first half time commentary is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpq4qmztqts ) . 
  ** edit *** # 1 *, 
  actually is for both half times . 
  we should put him in defence , it 's weak without him anyway . 
  they took most of fallujah and isil ca n't receive any reinforcements . 
  fallujah battle is almost over , there will be weeks of clean up operations however . 
  nato stabilizes europe post-cold war as it unifies europe defensively , standardizes and modernizes european nations militaries , it denies any proxy politics and proxy wars from happening and so on . 
  nato is the greatest thing to have happened to europe in entire human history . 
  getting rid of it will return conflict in europe eventually . 
  elections are rigged in assad 's favour and he will never allow serious political position . 
  failure with fsa comes to lack of unity among rebels . 
  failure with saa comes to complete stubbornness of assad regime . 
  off topic , why is us flair faded ? 
  they still have one more match to win third place . 
  last matches are being played today , yet there 's no update on our predictions . 
  what happened op ? 
  regime 's catastrophic tabqa offensive proved how that you ca n't depend on that alone . 
  yet another trap from isil before counter-attack or isil is at breaking point due to manjib ? 
  iceland just got it 's historic first even win in major competition , i do n't think they give a shit against who 'll they play now . 
  plus , going against england is better then going against croatia now . 
  croatia is in much better form then underwhelming england is anyway . 
  and i do want for croatia to make ronaldo cry this saturday . 
  i hope you 're right , but we 'll have to wait and see . 
  scored a goal and won the match , as well you made france sweat a lot and be on top of them many times . 
  you can go home proud with your solid debut albania . 
   isis gone by this time next year . 
  that 's too optimistic . 
   did they really think they could walk in islamic state heartland that easily ? 
  yes , they totally did . 
  you lose some you gain some . 
  plus , we had boring games in past anyway at euro . 
  so i 'd say we 're at net positive . 
  last time i checked on libyan civil war progress [ isil controlled this much territory ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/archive/a/ad/20160430165522%21libyan_civil_war.svg ) . 
  which according to wikipedia editing time stamp , that map was posted in 30th april while the latest map on 11th june . 
  what beating did isil suffered in those 2 months ? 
  same is true in syria , yet every group struggles to push isil out of desert as well . 
  so , it seems like this was a major success for libyans . 
  well this time argentina will win . 
   secular military authoritarianism, 
  that 's ... that 's even worse then having erdogan in charge . 
  although it would be great , i doubt manjib will be liberated so quickly . 
  holy shit !, 
  that 's a big score for isil . 
  not possible without allying without fsa or assad or full foreign military intervention ( us or russian boots on the ground ) . 
  neither regime nor rebels are able to move their lines in city itself for long time . 
  no way can sdf break through inside the city let alone break the siege . 
  yeah it 's definitely a rug . 
  i do n't doubt they 're winning there , i 'm just somewhat sceptical they are beating them so quickly . 
  i 'll be happy to be proven wrong though and they do liberate this city from isil on short notice . 
  if he replaced them with competent officers , assad would have been deposed long ago by his own army . 
  focus to secure their turkish border in north aleppo . 
  it 's their only last place to smuggle weaponry , money and new foreign recruits . 
  you cut that out and isil will start to bleed to death . 
  yeah , it 's been confirmed he 's leaving due to pre-season with west ham .
