   it may be a bit overshadowed by the ukranian situation, 
   and an internet blackout, 
  you 've got an answer from yourself . 
  same reason . 
  ukraine overshadows it and it 's covered on internet 24/7 . 
  it 's something what venezuelans are unable to do , sadly . 
  big talks , little actions . 
  his previous elections were scandalous and he was accused for rigging elections . 
  and he likely did , so it 's already certain . 
  if i see another person saying how yugoslavia was great and today independent ex-yugoslav republics would have been better off to be united in one state while also saying how tito was one of the greatest people ever , i 'm gon na punch someone . 
  well here it is worse , since many claim yugoslavia was not only more safe , but also more free and economically better then republics separated . 
  maybe if you live in kosovo or macedonia that would be true , but there 's nobody in kosovo that is yugo-nostalgic while macedonians have too much of an hard on on stealing greek history then to care for yugo-nostalgia . 
  besides old people who were part of yugoslav partisans . 
  i 'm just laughing hard right now . 
  american mainstream media does n't care until people get killed . 
  many protestors are wearing police gear they took from police , i assume . 
  as well regular police is hugely demoralized and many leaving their posts , while i can safely assume some may have defected on protestors side . 
  well protestors are being constantly reminded to differentiate between regular conscripted police and berkut special police . 
  and those people with police riot gear look like they wear regular police uniform , from what i could tell . 
  trivial question . 
  will you add flairs similar like to / r/syriancivilwar ? 
  otherwise , great you made subreddit and very informative . 
  well , i was surprised by subreddit design change the moment i refreshed . 
  but yeah , design is good . 
  and proof that shows they 're doing it there too ? 
  downloading !, 
  nothing in short term , but it does show president has lost control over parliament . 
   just dumb all around . 
  imagine d-day without a majority of german troops and resources being tied up on the eastern front . 
  that 's ... that 's not a nice image . 
  considering that many police officers defected on protestor sides , that is now possible to happen . 
  in ever heard of that guy before , though . 
  why are they even defending north korea ? 
  they 're not a communist country for a long while !, 
  and reject marxism too !, 
  so why defend them ? 
   only a few days after the norway terror attacks , she penned a blog post implying that the children killed in the attacks basically had it coming , essentially because too many of them were brown . 
  well shit , i never knew someone would manage to outdone glenn beck 's claim those kids were like hitler youth . 
  i want to cry . 
  what are you doing in the pirate bay ? 
  so guys who call for revolution against us government , majorly oppose revolutions in other countries ? 
  why ? 
  considering ~ ~ anti ~ ~ - antisemitism was very common and publicly accepted , that did n't did much to raise any bells . 
  oh shit , that 's what happens when i type too fast . 
   ** were you able to contact your family ? 
   last time i called my mum was the day before yesterday . 
  now they have taken our phones . 
  but i am so worried -- my mum has blood pressure problems . 
  damn , that 's really bad . 
   now he 'll face war crimes . 
  crimes against humanity , to be technically correct . 
  you ca n't get charged for war crimes without a war . 
   vote for this would deny the gays ability of adoption . 
  nope , it only denies for gays to get married . 
  gay adoption is legal , but as single parent . 
  and if new civil unions law get 's passed , which is planned to be in following months , gays would have full rights as married heterosexuals but in state recognized civil unions . 
  they would just not be allowed to call it marriage , on official papers . 
  and people who run that referendum are pissed about that still being possible . 
   this is a good step , but when will one of these monsters serve prison time ? 
  that 's for the state to do . 
  sadly , croatian constitution saves this asshole from prison since his case is too old for prosecution . 
  nazis kinda did n't got risen to power like that . 
  anti-western conspiracy theories are promoted very often by russian media and government . 
  yep , i am . 
  what 's with the english complaining about san marino ? 
  it 's the worst fifa ranked national team in entire world . 
  did i missed something ? 
  yeah , my thoughts exactly . 
  i would understand a bit if it was andorra , cause during euro 2008 qualifying england got a draw with them . 
  yes , you 're fucked . 
  and so is likely italy !, 
  croatia defeated italy 3 times , drawn 3 times and lost once . 
  and that lost was in 1942 !, 
  our second match is 1992 with glorious croatian victory . 
  though last time we defeated italy was in 2006 , while last match we played was in 2012 and ended in a draw . 
  we replaced our shitty coach , so that wo n't happen !, 
  hopefully !, 
   cool , how are the protesting in bosnia, 
  mostly calmed down , but protestor leaders are negotiating with government . 
  also protests did managed to overthrown government of few cantons , while protestors want no replacement but complete abolishment of cantons . 
  those things are ridiculous for such a small country . 
   is there a similar feeling croatia ? 
  sadly no . 
  there was a protest attempt in capital city but only around 100 people showed up and it got quickly divided between far right radicals and left wing anarchists . 
  few arrests happen , as members of far right radicals provoked and assaulted police . 
  no injuries happen nor any material damage . 
  it sucks though , as croatia is run by incompetent socialist-liberal coalition that is actively destroying jobs and economy , while conservative party is nothing but a giant mafia organization and recently , due to their idiocy , given rise to far-right radicals . 
  that was a fluke !, 
  it lasted longer then desired . 
  i presume because ukrainian communist party is still strong and prohibited toppling down lenin statues . 
  neither do we . 
  well , i 'll give him points for originality and for accepting civil war was about slavery . 
  but they do it really well . 
  heck , they even have animations !, 
  sure pretty basic , but extra credits does n't do them . 
  it was very shitty for the romans , but great for franks and huns . 
  this was just cringy to watch . 
  ... amen ? 
   all muslims are middle eastern, 
  bosniaks and albanians no real .
