  i did n't said they were n't putting up a siege . 
  however offensive they speak off ai n't happening . 
  what is happening is ukraine surrounding the insurgents and still preparing to attack them . 
  what i meant is that ua controls the airport that was attacked by insurgents and ua slaughtered the attackers . 
  yesterday event was a defensive battle for ua that they won decisively without taking a casualty . 
  however no real counter-attack happen . 
  only that ua is still surrounding the city to not allow insurgents get any more outside help and to attack them from all possible directions . 
  nothing but concerned citizens . 
  some people are just pure monsters . 
  boston bombing left around a 100 people crippled though . 
  as well it very nearly caused more deaths too , but thankfully other bombs failed to explode and were disposed off with ease . 
  turnshroud is a complete lincoln !, 
  bizarre is one way to describe this situation . 
  insanely corrupt and incompetent in past , now traitors to the state as well . 
  ukraine police is just lovely . 
  since day one ? 
  guy looks like the amazing atheist that lost a bit of weight . 
  it will be rebuild one day . 
  not really , taa is still just as fat as always . 
  but that guy 's avatar looks like it taa that lost some weight . 
  [ all he wanted is to bring back ussr . 
  :-\\ ( ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-j_mt_uvqqo0/t1u5ljyvdhi/aaaaaaaaatg/l5cgu6joa1m/s1600/putin+cries.jpg ), 
   ca n't ~ ~ even ~ ~ get himself to care to manage issues in his own country, 
  ftfy, 
  translation ? 
   i 'm sure the yugoslavia ones are wrong , but i 'm not familiar enough with the region to say why . 
  it 's complicated . 
  in a way , croatia and slovenia formed yugoslavia ( south slavic pan-nationalist state of slovenes croats and serbs ) after austro-hungary collapse , but state lasted only for a month and it was annexed by serbia with agreement to continue as pan-nationalist state of south slavs ( kingdom of serbs croats and slovenes ) . 
  decision was done because original unrecognized state was because it had no army nor weapons to protect against italy , which wanted to get territory of it that allies promised . 
  so that short lived state actually continued , but under serbian crown . 
  so hard to say we were subjugated under serbia , because it was a deal our government offered and was n't under any threat by serbia . 
  communist yugoslavia was also a continuation of monarchy , while croatian nazi puppet state is n't recognized as legitimate croatian made state . 
  so technically croatia was n't liberated by germany nor subjugated back under yugoslavia . 
  but slovenia was subjugated by nazi germany , because hitler outright annexed it and did n't allow to slovenian nazis to get own puppet state . 
  so technically , croatia was subjugated last time under ottoman rule , but not fully . 
  as well under venetian republic in most of coastal area . 
  being under austria happen through legal means of blood related secession from hungary , that also got croatia in same way . 
  while venetian republic and ottoman empire outright went to conquest of our lands . 
  and then there 's issue of bosnia , which is not only a young state but a nation . 
  bosnian kingdom in medieval times was populated by eastern orthodox croats and ruled by croatian catholic nobility , until ottomans conquered it . 
  bosniak nationality is a 20th century invention , as slavic muslims in bosnia rejected to be called serbs nor croats , while they were n't allowed to put muslim as a nationality on official papers . 
  which makes bosniak bosnia never to be subjugated , as their state did n't exist until yugoslavia was turned into federation . 
  while croatian bosnia is then technically still under subjugation , i guess ? 
  macedonia , well , did n't exist as a state until federalization of yugoslavia . 
  nation itself is also pretty young , which i assume formed by mixing of serbs , bulgarians and maybe greeks in the area . 
  which then lead them to steal history from all of their neighbors to feel as old nation . 
  damn the edgy teen nations . 
  montenegro and serbia ? 
  i guess last time they were subjugated was in either ww1 or ww2 . 
  during ww1 , they were both independent kingdoms until austria-hungary subjugated them . 
  though then yugoslavia happen , which was their choice so not subjugation . 
  then ww2 happen and territories of serbia fallen under serbian nazi puppet regime that given territories to hungary and i think also bulgaria , while montenegro fallen under italian rule . 
  but they were yugoslavia then , not independent . 
  then again , i said slovenia was subjugated and i think i implied croatia was subjugated under germany too . 
  so i guess , all yugoslav states were subjugated last time by nazi germany , but bosniak 's bosnia and macedonia who never were subjugated due to being relatively young nations and states , while croatian bosnia is still subjugated . 
  i likely missed some stuff and oversimplified others , while probably also wrong on some parts too . 
  but in general , it 's a giant fucking mess . 
   and in two years they wo n't want the olympics either . 
  they already do n't want it . 
  ask mods to unban you then ? 
  brokering a ceasefire that will be respected by both opposing side is a big accomplishment still . 
  wishful thinking . 
  yay ... : - /, 
  only that in one of them you would be send to concentration camp and likely die , if caught . 
  only if you 're black or hispanic . 
  more or less . 
  actually , both scripts were used ( latin and cyrillic ), 
  also slovenians and macedonian languages are utterly different from croatian and serbian languages that are highly similar . 
  federalization will only cause more corruption in already corrupted country . 
  and even make it more unstable , as every state within ukraine would bicker who 'd want more then others . 
  except bosnia is the most unstable country in europe , highly undeveloped , poor and corrupt . 
  sure peace was settled , but dayton treaty is killing the country slowly and nobody wants to revise it . 
  yeah , insurgents will only go to negotiation tables if ukraine army pulls out and ukraine recognizes their insurgent state . 
  that 's pretty much saying accept all our demands , then we can talk about something else entirely . 
  no , on kosovo serbia went on genocide spree , just like in croatia and bosnia years before . 
  if anything , situation is more similar to serbian insurgency in croatia . 
  guess what , insurgents refused for any compromise there while enjoying full support of serbia with air support and massive lethal aid . 
  military operation was an only option for croatia to eliminate insurgency , that even until final days refused on any compromise . 
  same shit with insurgents in ukraine , only that there 's more russians being pro-ukraine then pro-separatists and most of armed insurgency seem to be from russian federation . 
  more bureaucracy to already bloated bureaucratic system that causes large corruption . 
  you do n't need to go as far as with federalization to just weaken centralization . 
  also note , pr-russians tend to win ukraine elections until now and there was never a talk of federalization until this year . 
  implementing federalization now is nothing but submitting to your political opponent who was just bitter of losing elections that one time , without much of valid reasons either . 
  except that bloated bureaucracy makes impossible to do any businesses without bribes to skip the pointless extra legalization processes that would make business more expensive and take much longer to be made . 
  incompetent and underpaid police are often result of bloated bureaucracy , as the government has to cut spending on something and most of times it does n't want to hurt it 's friends in government jobs . 
  canada , usa and germany still have strong central power , despite being federal countries . 
  as well in all of those countries are mostly nationally and culturally united , with only in canada there 's a secession moment for french speaking majority in quebec . 
  while country like bosnia is so utterly dysfunctional , it has 2 states within that are utterly dysfunctional and refuse to cooperate due to weak central power . 
  federalization in ukraine would be a waste of time and money if it keeps strong central power , but make it huge unstable and dysfunctional if decides to have weak central power . 
  yeah , but political elite in bosnia holds dayton treaty as some sort of holy grail . 
  it lets them remain rich and powerful with little effort on the expense of country falling apart economically and socially . 
  also recent floods perfectly shown how bosnia is utterly dysfunctional . 
  government failed to issue any warning , failed to respond to floods and fails to help the flooded victims . 
  meanwhile serb led state in federation refuses to cooperate with central power and bosniak lead state on flood reparation , but instead wishes to work directly with moscow . 
  yeah , ukraine does n't need to nor should become like that . 
  ovo je totalno debilna reklama da sam je zavolio . 
   mexico - having barely scrapped their way into the tournament mexico will be out to show the world they should have never made it such a close call . 
  ** will they be able to back their claim up ** in a tough group containing the hosts brasil , a skilled croatia , and an experienced camaroon ? 
  no , they wo n't . 
  unless brazil makes lot 's of horrible mistakes .
