  unless you 're thinking of something else . 
  well , shit . 
  but it 's far from being called a shithouse . 
  this was offered for months , but was there a single insurgent that actually taken the deal ? 
  cause never heard of single report on that . 
  only thing so far that happened in slovyanks is 2 dumbass russians trying to took some sausages , while locals quickly identify them as insurgents . 
  and that ukraine army is making military age men show their passports , to single out russian `` tourists '' . 
  have n't heard of any article actually showing real evidence of collaborators being arrested ( besides maybe slovyanks police , but unsure on that either ) . 
  overwhelming majority and core of protestors were peaceful . 
  come on germany , destroy brazil !, 
  no , not good enough !, 
  croatia , chile and colombia demand proper justice !, 
  more like with too many guys on too many places at same time . 
  germany has given justice to croatia , chile and colombia !, 
  second half was n't much different . 
  well , i ca n't wait to see messi holding the trophy . 
  not updated yet , as newspapers are still from yesterday . 
  real madrid , spanish club . 
  barcelona , catalonian club under spain . 
  none at all related to brazil nor have many brazilian players . 
  so , the hell are you seeing correlation ?!, 
  it only shows how germans are fucking strong at football . 
  it was due to brazilian collapse . 
  you do n't lose like this in the world cup semi-finals unless you suck hard . 
  mislim da je to i glavni razlog za propast . 
  thx, 
   communism and communist parties are incompatible with democracy or european values, 
  not really , lot 's of communists are for democracy . 
  hell , it 's core of communist values to have democracy . 
  however , eastern european communist are nothing but pro-russian imperialist fascist groups that hijacked communist movement in eastern europe since late 1920 's . 
  and legitimate communists can easily go under socialist anarchists banner . 
  you mean police officers that took and violate their loyalty to the country by collaborating and defecting to terrorists ? 
  they committed a treason while doing a duty for their country !, 
  that 's much different then civilians who were misguided or pressured into supporting enemies of their country . 
  any state with half a brain would do the same and it 's legal to arrest them . 
  they 're basically pow 's right now . 
  well he decided to join the war tad bit late , but eh . 
  being arrested for collaborating with the enemy and treason is not the same as purging . 
  in that case , he better not score against argentine . 
  ** edit *** # 1 *, 
  hahahaha !!!, 
  and you guys downvoted me !, 
  argentina !, 
  argentina !, 
  argentina !, 
  yeah , it can still go for the worst . 
  sorry , what ? 
  butthurt much that the dutch lost penalties , despite 9 men fortress in penalty area that iran and switzerland pulled on argentine in this wc ? 
  seriously , netherlands was awful this match by copying iran tonight . 
  i did n't say you were the worst , nor even among the worst . 
  just this specific match was utterly dreadful . 
  despite that , i still want the dutch to humiliate brazil like germany did . 
  brazil is one of the worst teams in wc and utterly undeserved to even get out of group stage , let alone having a shot for 3rd place . 
   `` guerilla warfare '' implies that this is rightfully their land, 
  since when ? 
  english speaking audience does n't think like in that interpretation , so mistranslation is utterly trivial . 
  wait , is he the same guy that created cossack battalion recently ? 
  well he did n't last long . 
  and robbing people does n't deserve a capital punishment . 
  us is doing a shitty job on avoiding civilian casualties with drone strikes . 
  congrats , you now run a state without a infrastructure !, 
  ai n't football suspended in syria , due to civil war ? 
  for irony sake , ua should use this weapons on insurgents . 
  so russia would respect ukraine taking back crimea with force ? 
  silly usa . 
  more then happy to pay for improving foreign country 's infrastructure . 
  but when it comes for own infrastructure , oh no that communist free market only !, 
  seriously though , this is great for ukraine . 
  just usa is bizarre when it comes to government spending priorities . 
   torcida i bbb su aristokratska gospoda, 
  - ultimate_badass, 
  well there 's always a first time for everything . 
  you mean messi consoling him ? 
  does n't reddit hates israel and putin ? 
  i call karma on this shit !, 
  bad refereeing is what made brazil to get this far . 
  you 're only saying that because new zealand pulled it off . 
   kiev claimed credit for restoring utilities but electricity is supplied by a private company owned by donetsk 's oligarch ahmetov , not by the government . 
  well they kinda liberated the city and then allowed him to give power to city . 
  it 's a smart thing to do to give it to private sector , if a state as a whole struggles . 
  i was talking about 2010 wc when new zealand ended wc as only undefeated team . 
  new zealand is australia 's neighbor . 
  i hope he does n't score , i want james rodriguez to win it . 
  you 're shitting me ? 
  that 's massive trip for players to make and insane time zone difference , due to where most other matches will be played . 
  fifa with no contest . 
  oh , wait , shit . 
  i just got major brainfart there . 
  lost a bet with some greek user over croatia leaving group stage and greece not . 
  yeah , i think you know how that went . 
  so until end of wc , thankfully today , i can get back to proper flair . 
  besides maybe serbia , who else in balkans would side with russia ? 
   what 's the popular opinion on bih ? 
  mixed , but mainly friendly . 
  it 's complicated as we both have hidden skeletons in our closets . 
  so it 's check-mate position for ua . 
  if insurgents do n't reinforce luhansk , they 'll lost it . 
  if they do , they 'll lose donetsk . 
  i know that , which makes me more embarrassed of mixing those two cities . 
  do n't remind me !,
