  they do n't have winter camo !, 
  what amateurs !, 
  why do people still have a hard on to `` prove '' sandy hook never happen ? 
  i mean , us pathetic gun regulations only got more pathetic after sandy hook . 
  no new fascist like laws got passed or expanded ( looking at you , patriot act ) after either . 
  basically , there 's no motivation for faking sandy hook . 
  unless illuminati get 's bored sometimes and pulls practical jokes on peasants . 
  ok , why the fuck would they ( illuminati , jews , tito , whatever ) make fake snow ?!, 
  last time i 'm check , it 's believed they 're also trying to push for global warming that is also believed to be a hoax ( which fucking is n't a hoax ) , so snow is ruining credibility of global warming ( which fucking does n't ! ) . 
  so , why ?!, 
  why does this shit exist ? 
  i 'm laughing so hard , right now . 
  you did great , youtube !, 
  well us congress is us parliament . 
  oooooor , english ai n't my native language ? 
  i try hard at doing proper grammar , ok ? 
  confirmed , creepysmilebot is a serb . 
  needs to get removed . 
  well it was fun while it lasted . 
  too much work to put him on the tree , only to take him down shortly after or let his corpse stink up the place . 
  what did the poor penguins do to you ? 
  little late but did the survey !, 
   okay , so there 's the arguments people like to get into regarding whether alexander can be regarded as greek or whether he 's just macedonian and all that, 
  macedonian as whole different entity or macedonian slav ? 
  well that explains why greek economy is fucked . 
  and signed !, 
  * sniff *, 
  sorry , i just ... 
  i always get touched when i see a.i. 
  croatia kicking ass . 
  phew !, 
  though i am quite enjoying samurai vs european knights debate , there . 
  when / r/badhistory becomes like / r/adviceanimals . 
  but they were brown in their heads , right ? 
   the development schedule : me3 was originally announced to release in the holiday season of 2011 . 
  by march 2011 , the game production was behind schedule and the leads were convinced they could n't have it ready for that release . 
  ultimately , bioware 's general manager aaron flynn got the release pushed back to march 2012 , through a direct phone call with the head of ea 's games label . 
  ** even with that , production was still behind schedule and a significant amount of content was cut from the game . 
  and this makes me utterly pissed !, 
  game clearly needed at least , at least additional year of development . 
  he still looks like a badass , even though he 's nothing but a cry baby in me3 . 
  yep . 
  total disappointment , considering how great he was in the novels . 
  except in deception . 
   also , fuck milo\u0161evi\u0107 apologists . 
  if someone engages in milo\u0161evi\u0107 apology in my presence , things will devolve into fisticuffs . 
  good thing they mostly do n't know english . 
  yet . 
  yeah , indeed i am . 
  well it 's mainly due to most people like those do n't know english . 
  and those who do are mainly on facebook , youtube and editing their native language wikipedia . 
  yeah i live in croatia , so nobody could mistake me for serb nor bosniak . 
  though my grandfather from father 's side was a serb , but he died long before i was even born . 
  oh i 've seen and i took part of conservation . 
  it was really big on / r/croatia too , ofcourse . 
  [ my surname ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/babi%c4%87 ) can actually be croatian , serbian and bosniak . 
  why ? 
  dunno , it just happen . 
  we still mostly have different surnames and names , but we share a few same ones . 
  add in communism too . 
  every damn country on balkans has bad blood with it . 
  edit - oh and happy cake day !, 
  yeah , indeed . 
  pretty damn stupid us vs them mentality . 
  though then again , yugo-nostalgia is becoming more rampant as well as tito worshiping . 
  i guess because far right radicals and closeted nazis started to make lot of noise in last couple of years . 
  those two had to be trolling . 
  i mean , come on . 
  it 's just too absurd of a mistake to not do on purpose . 
  using youtube comments is cheating !, 
  i say this fits more into / r/badphilosophy . 
  do n't feel bad for doing evil thing , only because others are doing it too and probably worse too . 
  germans cheated !, 
  they put their communists into russia and they wrecked tsar 's stuff !, 
  totalno je manly !, 
  ne\u0161to jako danvo su umali neki veliki incident sa invazijom rasista zbog crosspostova . 
  well he is responsible for [ bleiburg massacre ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bleiburg_repatriations ) in which around 14,000 slovenes and around 50,000-100 ,000 of croats and bosniaks ( impossible to separate , as muslims were considered croats under nazi croatia ) were executed in many mass graves . 
  out of those deaths it was mostly soldiers drafted into regular army , many civilians ( mainly relatives to said soldiers ) and some from ss-like usta\u0161e militia . 
  my another main criticism for him are his economic policies . 
  which were idiotic and nonsensical . 
  only reason why yugoslavia managed to become most economically advanced communist country , is by living on giant welfare by both usa and ussr . 
  only thing tito knew how to pull well in politics is yugoslavian geopolitical position and it 's neutral position in cold war in middle of europe payed well . 
  until 1980 's when yugoslav economy started to crash down as cold war was coming to the end , since economic policies yugoslavia had were horrible and never reformed . 
  what pisses me the most is that most people had no idea why that happen and largely forgotten horrible economic times of 1980 's , so same mentality of economic policies from yugoslavia remained in all ex-yugoslav republics . 
  so basically all of our politicians are insanely inept on economic policies , while completely chocking down private sector and overspending on public sector that ca n't do jack shit but to be a cover for mafia . 
  geez , thanks tito !, 
  oh i ranted now . 
  best part , denmark did n't even qualify properly . 
  due to break up of yugoslavia and it 's war , it got disqualified and denmark was put in to replace . 
  so you danes should be grateful to croats !, 
  well in 1998 world cup we crushed germany 3:0 in quarter-finals , then later in euro 2008 once again defeated it 2:1 . 
  so they 're not doing a good job at that so far . 
  i 've never heard of that before . 
  have source on that ? 
  it 's possible but i find it unlikely to happen to happen often . 
  hey now , we had a fluke with our shitty coach , that is replaced now . 
  and we still managed to qualify !, 
  oh thank god !, 
  he 's not same species as i am !, 
  true enough , i 'm just not an expert on checking source legitimacy so i went safe with wikipedia .
