  eh , there are more personality types for ryder then for shepard . 
  there 's just far less classic renegade like options , is what you mean . 
   liam . 
  aw hell no , liam is my bro !, 
  bw edmonton created bw montreal with sole purpose to take over me franchise once me trilogy is over . 
  bw edmonton had no intention to continue me franchise once trilogy is over , while at same time did n't want to kill it either . 
   you had leadership spouting anti white hate, 
  no , that 's just an outright lie . 
  only anti-white person from bioware was manvieer and he was not part of leadership , hell he was n't even part of bioware . 
  he was a goddamn contractor with very little influence over me development . 
  and he left bioware long before me : a development was finished , as his contract expired and neither him nor bioware wanted to extend it . 
   it 's also been claimed by jason schreier whose sources have never been wrong before, 
  guy was once fooled by a 4chan troll and written a fake news article . 
  he has been wrong before . 
  [ neogaf thread summary ] ( http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showthread.php?s=6dc3f811ee506f4044533f671e5907c3&amp;t=465809 ) . 
  no , it wo n't . 
  me : a is still 60 bucks , once sale was over . 
  me2 and me3 prices dropped permanently by this time , if not even before . 
  it 's amazon store , they can sell much cheaper . 
  even horizon zero dawn , injustice 2 and prey are 40 bucks . 
   bioware montreal lost over 200 employees after this wreck of a game came out . 
  yeah , no . 
  that did n't happen . 
  not even kotaku made such bold claim . 
  no live stream will be done , as nobody at this comic con is doing it either . 
  but recording of q&a panel should be up later on youtube . 
  blair brown and mike laidlaw will also attend , although they are from da team . 
  and the agony continues for another 2 weeks with sdcc . 
  yeah , but mike gamble is there . 
  he only shows up if he 's to promote a new content he 's working on . 
  since he is a producer of mass effect andromeda , well ... who knows ? 
  21st july , sdcc will have panel on mass effect andromeda and dragon age . 
  but it 's about comics , so that 's already feeling off . 
  yet mike gamble is there and he only shows up if he 's promoting something he 's working on . 
  and since he 's producer of mass effect andromeda , so who knows ? 
  there wo n't be a leak . 
  there 's super tight nda for all ea devs . 
  discussing future projects is much more dangerous then discussing what had happened in past . 
   i guess they showed anthem ... 
  general human apathy is one of the greatest evils , honestly . 
   it did n't get the numbers ea wanted . 
  this claim has ** never ** been proven . 
  only thing we ever got from ea is that they are happy with bioware after me : a release . 
  no mentions of disappointing sales figures at all , which is something that ea is always upfront about to public , let alone to their shareholders . 
  even if kotaku 's jason is 100 % right with his rumours , sales numbers would not be a reason . 
   it does n't change the fact that this game tanked hard, 
  i do n't think you know what the word `` fact '' even means . 
  there is no source or evidence to suggest me : a was a financial failure . 
  and critically it was n't a failure either , mixed and polarized reception does not equal terrible , not even for aaa title . 
  no it does n't . 
  just look at titanfall 2 and dead space 3 . 
  ea always states when sales figures are disappointing . 
  ea does not lie to it 's shareholders , because that would be bad for business and potentially illegal . 
  dead space franchise was pretty big at the time . 
  and ea publicly stated that ds3 was a failure and put that franchise on ice , after releasing dlc 's for the game . 
  and last year , they also admitted titanfall 2 sales were disappointing and it was a mistake on their part for releasing it so close to battlefield one . 
  which they then corrected by selling tf2 and bf1 in same pack on christmas sale . 
  why would ea be different with mass effect andromeda ? 
  why would they hide me : a 's alleged poor sales and lie to investors everything is fine with bioware and mass effect ip , while promising more content ( not related to mp ) to be released in following months ( as of early may ) ? 
  every impression we got from ea is that me : a sold well . 
  while there is nothing but unfounded assumptions that game sold poorly . 
   name another single player ea title that met expectations and received a permanent price drop the first month, 
  that ... that did n't happen with me : a. 
  me : a 's full price is still 60 bucks , only so far been on temporary 50 % price drop . 
  meanwhile me2 and me3 got permanent price drop around this time after release . 
  and so did zero dawn horizon , injustice 2 , prey and other aaa titles that released around same time as me : a. 
  amazon does this price drop for every game . 
  they have some exclusive agreements with game publishers to do these price drops . 
   but between him and bush , only one has a million + deaths on his hands . 
  eh , iraqi and afghanistan wars had caused , at the highest numbers , about 800,000 deaths ( 80 % -90 % in iraq ) of both civilians and combatants . 
  and this is across obama 's and trump 's presidency and includes isis/isil and iranian backed shia militias that appeared in 2014 . 
  that makes no sense . 
  they are loyal to the party first and only , not to the country nor the people nor the nation nor the state . 
  to be fair , in reality it is faster to reload your weapon then to switch weapon . 
  this guy is just a failed parody maker , right ? 
  tell me he is just bad at parodying and he 's not actually seriously . 
  only due to fptp sytem . 
  if uk had proportional system like most of europe , labour would have been in position to form coalition goverment . 
  lib dems destroyed their chance to becoma a major party in 2010 , when they formed coalition with tories and capitulated to do any promised reforms . 
  so i find it unlikely lib dems would have won either way . 
  lenin had caused russia to sign harsh peace with imperial germany , waged civil war and nearly got crushed by poland . 
  stalin meanwhile crushed poland and baltic states , had costly minor victory against finland , crushed nazi germany after years of genocidal war , crushed revolts in new satelite states and made ussr into a world superpower . 
  for generally militarist jingoist russian nation , it ia no wonder why stalin us much more celebrated . 
  also it is naive to think political parties would n't form in any national democratic system . 
  every single country in world that has any form of democratic system has political parties . 
  as well every single country has 1 or 2 dominant political parties . 
  you ca n't make a system to avoid those , but you can make a system to limit dominance of major parties and give smaller parties legs to stand on their own . 
  30 % to 40 % are still good chances for at least one of them to still be alive . 
  in many situations , it is true . 
  in fact , it was a massive issues with elite ss troops . 
  too many nazi fanatics got themselves killed pointlessly in reckless attacks or refusing to retreat when tactically necessary . 
  germans simply could n't fill up those ranks properly while keeping elite troops quality throughout the war . 
  which eventually led up to poorly trained and ill equipped conscripts of `` undesirable '' racial/ethnic backgrounds taking up majority of ss ranks in final stages of the war . 
  true enough , us really should have made fundamental changes from start of 20th century . 
  sadly , people vote for personality and charisma , not over policies . 
  clinton had far better policies then obama , yet she lost voters obama won in 2012 elections , while nowhere near close to 2008 elections . 
  there are 21 seas all around just european continent . 
  and euron sailed across seas of around 3 continents . 
  from comments i 've read , he shown an entire first episode . 
  which was not a smart move on his part , if that 's the case .
