  so it 's a smart thing to point out it was just a joke . 
  yeah , that made me sad because it reminded me of my cat who died from leukaemia a while ago . 
  really ? 
  i 'd like a direct quote for that one , because i appear to have completely missed that . 
  that 's what he said . 
  but it is obvious he will be resurrected in the books too , only there will be some twist to it . 
   stannis was 5th behind jon and arya . 
  ooooh boy ... 
  i meant more in what way jon 's character will change , but that too . 
  weird . 
  does paralysis really does that ? 
  because i do n't think that makes you infertile . 
  then again it is a moot point , bran wo n't consider himself a stark any more if books go in similar way as show on that end . 
  sit in corner and cry , apparently . 
   hillary was an awful candidate . 
  thanks to 30 years of right wing media propaganda . 
  clinton was identical to obama in all but two traits . 
  obama had charisma unlike her , while clinton knew how to play dirty politics against republicans unlike obama who failed miserably to be the purple president . 
  john kerry was an abysmal failure , so i 'm not surprised . 
  but i have to ask , how is this relevant to this subreddit ? 
  tj kirk is in late 30 's , no ? 
  not exactly grandpa material . 
  also pretty damn hypocritical how these sort of people defend the right of fascists and nazis to use their free speech rights , despite them being ideologically anti-free speech . 
  yet when people protest against fascists and nazis , they 're in the wrong and should n't use their freedom of speech right . 
  is n't arya 's character being very butchered this season ? 
   she completely lied about being shot at in bosnia by snipers and basically had an attitude that she can lie or do whatever she wants when called on it . 
  that happened 20 years ago . 
  she did n't bring it up since then . 
   she lost florida and the election in my opinion by naming dws her honorary chair the day she got booed out of a meeting by her own supporters after we all found out that dws colluded with hillary against sanders . 
  there was no collusion . 
  there was a major bias , yes . 
  but not an outright collusion . 
  what happened was very unethical , but neither illegal nor against , if archaic , rules . 
   she idiotically did not release her speech transcripts and allowed everyone to think the worst . 
  i for one was pleasantly surprised once they came out and believe most independents would feel the same way . 
  even giving the speeches in my opinion was a really stupid move since she damn well knew she was going to run for president while giving them , again complete hubris and no care of what independents thought . 
  bernie would have done the same if many rich people wanted to listen to his speeches to get a lot of money for his campaigning . 
  it 's us politics 101 , you need rich people to fundraise your campaign otherwise your race is dead from the start . 
   she was so cocky she did not even campaign in the rust belt . 
  yes she did ? 
  you could argue she did n't campaign harder or sooner there , but she did campaign in rust belt states . 
   even through all these huge debacles she 'll prob still say it was racists and sexists who ultimately made her loose . 
  and she would n't be wrong . 
  huge portion of american populace is racist and sexist . 
   i think it was because she was just so damn unlikable and seemed hard to relate to . 
  she was far more relatable then trump , yet people for some goddamn reason thought otherwise . 
  no , relativity was n't the reason . 
  real reason was because she did n't had celebrity persona , like trump and reagan did . 
  people mistake the two . 
  conversation started about how stannis and jaime are popular , how there was a huge backlash how stannis was portrayed by end of 5th season and how much of huge backlash there might be if they ruin jaime who 's even more popular . 
  but before jaime is potentially ruined , we are seeing wheels turning on arya being ruined in the show . 
  so we might have a huge backlash about arya for this season finale , much bigger then of stannis . 
  she did n't do anything wrong about the email non-scandal . 
  in fact , her private server was never hacked . 
  dnc servers were , rnc servers were , a goddamn secretary of state government servers were hacked . 
  if anything , she did everything right about that whole affair , but it still did her no good as propaganda machine against her was just taken too much for granted . 
  i have no idea , it is also too early to say anyway . 
  ask me again when 2020 pre-primaries debates start . 
  he should pay for the bill though . 
  it was fire that caused that , not zombie bear . 
  i always give up when russia alliey with someone i ca n't send my armies against and ca n't win the war even with russia capitulating . 
  does endorsement for macron really count ? 
  that was french presidential elections after all . 
  texas going blue in 2020 ? 
  the fact that bernie lost to clinton by a big margin shows that not even democrats are still sold on social democracy , let alone general populace . 
  american nation is far more conservative then many left-wing americans like to admit in . 
  he does n't care for people in general . 
  yes , but trump categoricity destroying us geopolitical standings , which is far worse . 
  pence 's domestic nightmares can be fixed after 2018 and 2020 elections , but trump 's geopolitical fuck ups will take far long then that . 
  also looking at mcconnel and ryan being massively incompetent , it 's very safe to assume pence is even more inept and just as unlikely as trump to pass any real legislative agenda . 
  and it was n't even intended to be a rape scene . 
  it was a botched editing work . 
  cersei was saying no because they were in public place , fearing they might get caught . 
  and for a fraction of second , we can see cersei grabbing jaime by his hair and kissing him back , right before camera pans behind joffrey 's corpse . 
  it was a consensual sex , but awful editing work made it look like a rape scene . 
  also d&d were seriously dumb at trying to explain on that controversial scene . 
  if they were n't talentless hacks , they could have actually do some good writing on their own . 
   they were n't hired to write ice and fire . 
  they were hired to adapt it . 
  no , they pitched the idea to grrm and hbo on making this show . 
  this entire thing is their idea and they should have known that books would not be written in time when dance of dragons was released after season 1 of got was already fully released . 
  they had years to prepare for this , yet they did n't . 
  either they 're lazy or clueless or both . 
   plus , grrm is a co-executive producer still . 
  so it appears as though even he has no clue what 's going on anymore . 
  grrm is co-executive on paper only . 
  he is not actively involved in the show beyond answering calls from show creators on any guidance and watching the show itself . 
  grrm is pretty much a passive actor in show 's development since end of 4th season . 
  also the entire waif vs arya fan-theories incident had really killed enthusiasm for even discussing possible theories unless blatantly foreshadowed in show itself . 
  yeah , no , not after waif vs arya controversy . 
  then again , ilyn payne is still alive and well . 
  well , being well is subjective . 
  also more importantly , actors can re-negotiate their contracts every 4 seasons and demand higher wages . 
  as well , actors that are minors will grow up and will be able to re-negotiate too once they reach legal adulthood . 
  so budget of the show would get massively huge just on providing wages to actors . 
  so show needs to get wrapped up as they ca n't exactly switch actors of major characters so late . 
  as well show creators and actors do suffer from a burnout , unlike fans collectively . 
  so eventually show needs to be finished , regardless of the demand for more . 
  eventually show has to be finished , which is what, 
  which is bullshit .
