  although this will result in a major drop in voter turnout for next elections , unless something makes generally apathetic voters to go and vote again . 
  nah , he 's gon na be that token non-whites to prove trump and his supporters are not racists !, 
  there are a bunch of republicans in congress that not only anti-endorsed trump but also endorsed clinton . 
  true , at very least until clinton 's 2nd term runs out . 
  assuming she wins in 2 weeks and in 2020 . 
  in person , i also never met `` unlikeable '' serb . 
  in fact , they 're one of the best people i met in person . 
  but on internet ... oh boy , oh boooy is it a different story . 
  bulgaria recognized macedonia is greek !, 
  someone should hack wikileaks just for irony sake . 
  it would have helped if 73 % of republicans did n't firmly support trump just because he has r next to his name . 
  i mean , come on , it should n't come as a shock . 
  i 'm still confused what the hell happened with that scandal . 
  i 'm not american , so i have to ask , what 's twink ? 
  oh , thanks . 
  although many of these registered republicans could be voting for clinton in florida . 
  remember , cuban americans are generally republicans . 
  but trump had burned the bridge with hispanics long ago and his scandal on trying to do business in castro 's cuba while still under embargo is fresh on cuban american minds . 
  hypothesis that there 's a lot of `` silent '' trump voters would be proven to be correct . 
  would be interesting if romney tries to take another shot for presidency . 
  well florida also has senate race , so many republicans could rational to vote for clinton but also vote for rubio in hopes republican senate will just block anything clinton wants to do , just like with obama . 
  and he had a ton of experience working with foreign leaders and diplomats , thanks to his ww2 experience . 
  eisenhower was pretty much made for greatness . 
  making cheney as his vp and trust him as an advisors makes bush not a moderate . 
  nobody is shocked nor surprised , but it is great to have actual evidence for this no . 
  alabama will sooner turn blue then will california go red !, 
  was that confirmed ? 
  [ \u010cesi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_pact_invasion_of_czechoslovakia ) i [ ma\u0111ari ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_revolution_of_1956 ) bi rekli drugu pri\u010du . 
  johnson is collapsing in polls and it looks majority of johnson voters are switching to trump instead . 
  [ mjesta za vije\u0107e se izabere po regiji ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_human_rights_council#members ) , pa je zbog toga saudijska arabija zadr\u017eala mjesto u aziji . 
  za razliku u isto\u010dnoj europe , ima puno boljih alternative od rusije . 
  svi bolji kandidati [ ve\u0107 imaju mjesta u vije\u0107u ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_human_rights_council#members ) . 
  why ? 
  she is even more of a nobody than johnson . 
  consumerist is garbage and that `` worst company in america '' award just plays more into how immature gamers are by thinking luxury goods being overpriced is force then , let 's say , comcast screwing over entire usa with expensive and slow internet while underpaying their workforce . 
  except it was bioware that fucked up . 
  it was the lead writer and executive producer that wanted this ending . 
  it was their decision to make last mission an ending on low priority in development , hence it was rushed . 
  it was bioware 's concious decision to make fundementally terrible ending for the series . 
  also game has a ton more issues then just the ending , there are plenty of terrible design decisions , bad writing and narrative contradictions to talk about . 
  no , you need 270 ec votes to win . 
  wining 269 only puts elections in a deadlock . 
  hold on , let 's not praise a con-artist just to piss on people who praise another con-artist . 
  must be some severe fuck up in ea 's administration . 
  these countries were under some us sanctions list until recently , yet for ea decided to obey those sanction now ? 
  there is no other way around it beyond some clerks fucked up , as ea earns nothing from blacklisting countries randomly . 
  nh is led by republican senate and governor , although senate is very likely to flip back to democrats . 
  there was that poll , one with the comet hitting earth being perfered , that did checked that 2/3 of bernie millenial supporters will vote for clinton . 
  rest are evenly split between jill stein and johnson , with very small tiny minority going for trump . 
  you can say the same for political ideologies . 
  many ireligious people , especially in past few years , are trying to undermine or outright oposse science for sake of their political agenda . 
  are n't his science related books very outdated by this point ? 
  buisness interest manly , as well polarized political atmosphere where many view global warming as dirty liberal lie . 
  it was because soviets were losing the war . 
  fronts in germany and italy were going nowhere , french front completely collapsed and their economy and industry was on verge of collapse . 
  soviets were basically desperate long before they even invaded us . 
  hell even that invasion was done out of desperation and if it were n't for the fact that star wars research station was a target , usa would n't have used a nuke at all really . 
  soviet army on us soil was being grinned into self-destruction . 
  man i love that game 's lore and story too . 
  it actually did made a serious effort to be realistic . 
  also those polish partisans portrayed in generation war , had in actual history saved 1000 's of jews . 
  they could n't possibly made a worse choice of trying to portray poles as anti-semitic then that partisan group . 
  is n't that good for clinton ? 
  republicans depend on majority support from cubans in florida to win there . 
  he did not say all people in those counries . 
  it is true that homosexual = pedophile is generally accepted as a fact in that region . 
  nah , swedes still shot at trumpsters . 
  they were making sure to put a ton of salt on that self-inflicted wound . 
  hold on , is that actually true ? 
  can you link me that statement from mods ? 
  i must have missed it . 
  also civilizations taught my gandhi is trigger-happy with nukes . 
  so it is clearly a bad thing , right ? 
  most of it was due to poorly planned and constructed pow camps and especially due to lack of food as finland suffered from bad harvest in 1942 and struggled to feed it 's own people let alone soviet pow 's . 
  finnish administration did try to improve pow 's living conditions by allowing them to work outside of camps . 
  so from the look of it , soviet pow 's mainly died to do administration incompetent and bad circumstances in finland at the time . 
  nothing malicious like putting your pow 's to slave work that would eventually kill them due to inhumane conditions or just outright torturing and killing them for the fuhrer or something like that . 
  probably cat has a identity crisis . 
  i 'm pretty sure russians do n't want to get nuked by us . 
  paris hilton is superior choice to trump though . 
  she 's not only better in doing business , as she never bankrupted , but i 'd dare to say she has a better temperament to be a president over trump . 
  also it helps she is n't a bigot . 
  actually , if gop somehow get 's hilton to run for republican primaries and wins , she 'd actually have a good shot to win presidential elections . 
  trump had lowered the standards so much it 's not even funny . 
  yeah , hitler secured future for white race by killing or getting killed over 45 million white people !, 
  laying massive destruction in mostly countries that are overwhelmingly populated by white people !, 
  also , he fucking lost the war !, 
  with his third reich 's capital bombed back to stone age . 
  on metric of saving white race , he did more damage to white people then any other non-whites could . 
  i mean , ww2 led to the end of british , french , belgium and dutch colonial empires . 
  you know , white people countries . 
  like , seriously , white supremacist should fucking hate hitler . 
  he sucked !, 
  but the mad king was great for most his reign , it was his final years where grown to be insane and becoming tyrannical . 
  trump was a disaster from the very start . 
  ** sansa stark ** : never heard of that one . 
  but after he started to grow insanity and fall into madness did he started to oppose tywin 's decisions as king 's right hand and get tywin to resign from the position . 
  that 's not an isis sniper though , hell not even an isis member . 
  this video was originally recorded by a independent reporter in early stages of syrian civil war and assad 's regime military did not discriminate on who to shoot at . 
  since then that video has been reuploaded and renamed to make it look like it was an isis fighter getting spotted by regime 's bmp .
