   at one point you could almost call him pro-russian, 
  that 's one bold and baseless statement . 
  what in the actual fuck is going on in the usa ?!, 
  seriously , what the fuck ? 
   i wanted to live in europe because i was tired of the political climate in the us . 
  well ... 
  i guess croatian awful political climate will be a fresh and unique thing to you ? 
  talk about giant overreaction aimed at wrong direction . 
  joking aside , i wonder how it would look like with players from their birthplace . 
  for example , eduardo da silva is born in brazil but has croatian nationality . 
  many other countries have players who were n't born in their country , but changed nationality into theirs . 
  sadly , that would n't work for my country . 
  damn our unique coat of arms !, 
  ua is just worried their actions will cause big collateral damage , so are on defensive and containing situation while coming up with new strategies . 
  and despite insurgency offensive , they fail to regain any lost ground let along gain new ground . 
  they 'll fall soon , it 's just matter of time when . 
  2 % too many though . 
  but hey , they 're far less threatening then greek 's golden dawn party , which top half of mp 's are in jail and awaiting trial . 
  joking aside , game does look impressive as a simulator . 
  neat graphics , neat physics engine and potentially fun and varied gameplay . 
  especially when you consider what shit france and austria voted today for eu parliament . 
  27 % of seats , yes . 
  also in croatia , while part of winning pro-eu conservative coalition , notorious ultranationalist euroskeptic got the most votes individually . 
  only person to get over 100k votes as individual as well . 
  how did they fare on kiev mayor elections ? 
  many checkpoints , with few villages and towns . 
   you may then use that empathy to start thinking `` well the communists were n't so bad . '', 
  until you remember the facts of their oppression , human rights abuses , and the iron curtains censorship , life of fear and intimidation , and psychological effects on whole generations of people . 
  that 's ussr . 
  ussr was hardly communist under lenin rule and utterly not once stalin taken over and with his successors . 
  ussr was nothing but a fascist imperialist state pretending to be something else . 
  communists were elected in , ruled for 4 years , then elected out . 
  they did taken hold of many of checkpoints ( for example , one in vice 's dispatch 40 ) . 
  and on top of my head , i can think off armatorsk was liberated back to ukraine a while back . 
  though i 'm sure i misspelled the town 's name . 
   it could be the bosnian war, 
  hey , fuck you b3th3chang33 !, 
   the wehrmacht , of course , exclusively raped soldiers . 
  so pink swastika is true ? 
  yeah , at worst poroshenko would have needed 2nd round to win presidential elections . 
  well half a year now , as parliamentary elections are being expected to happen later this year . 
  they did n't enter the airport , instead are trying to get a breach to rescue insurgents that attacked airport for them to retreat . 
  now it looks like they 're stuck from falling back themselves , let alone help attackers . 
  yeah , insurgents are now in mass retreat , despite being under heavy fire . 
  1 wounded , suspected from sniper ( very likely true , as paratroopers are at the airport ) and nothing on did insurgents who attacked airport are still there or managed to retreat , their casualties nor anything else . 
  it 's gon na take a while to figure that one out . 
  nonsense , where 's the glorious confederate states on novorossiya ?!, 
  south ( east ) shall rise again !, 
  please call back when you actually learn what 's communism and socialism actually about . 
   that being said , i am massively concerned about european nationalism , considering the [ last time they did it did n't work out too well last time they did it did n't work out too well . 
  you 're mistaking nationalism with genocidal warmongering psychopathic ultranationalism . 
  i find it reasonable for them to extend the stay until after poroshenko 's inauguration and him setting date of next parliament elections this year . 
  after that , they have to disperse . 
  by then all of their demands would have been set . 
  there should n't be a compromise with traitors and aggressors . 
  none of them desired any of that until russia invaded crimea and spread mass disinfo propaganda of some sort of facist junta coup in kiev . 
  their dissatisfaction is based on fantasies and lies , so they deserve none of those demands . 
  they 're not poroshenko 's loyalists . 
  they only demand new and fair elections . 
  presidential elections already got that 's possible , so only thing left is for poroshenko to set date of parliamentary elections and it 's done for maidan . 
  however wins those elections is not up to maidan . 
   or else there will be war, 
  war has be ongoing since march in donetks and luhansk oblasts and insurgents are losing it . 
  as well failing to get any big support from local population anymore . 
   how does maidan could help to have fair elections ? 
  oh i have no idea , maybe it had to do with them making tyrannical and mass murderer putin 's puppet president yunukovich fleeing the country ? 
  as well making parliament to revert ukraine constitution back to it 's 2004 form , which massively reduced presidential power and also set date to start new presidential elections ? 
  oh and a big note , vitali previously planned to run for presidential elections and tymoshenko was even stronger then poroshenko at start too . 
  victory of poroshenko was n't such a clear cut until couple of weeks ago . 
  so no , maidan to put poroshenko to power was never it 's goal despite his heavy contribution and key role . 
  have n't you been following news for past months over ukraine crisis ? 
  country has been in war since russia invaded crimea . 
  no amount of political talk avoiding to call it a war , changes a fact ukraine is at war with russia and in civil war with insurgents in donetsks and luhanks oblast . 
  hard to say , actually . 
  definitely protest again , if poroshenko breaks his promises in short term . 
  however , then it depends how much support they 'll get that time and how would poroshenko react . 
  maidan become huge and violent only after yanukovich tried to violently suppress down originally just decently sizable peaceful protest . 
  in that case , ukraine would just be doomed . 
  then they 'd either submit under rulership of yanukovich 2.0 or newly formed national guard would attempt an actual coup and install actual junta government ( most of them taken part of maidan protest , so they 'd be very pissed and heavily armed if maidan resulted into nothing but lot 's of dead friends and family members ) and put entire country into civil war and not just parts of 2 regions . 
  basically , ukraine would become europe 's egypt in first scenario or europe 's syria in second scenario . 
  however , poroshenko is not an idiot . 
  he knows he 'll need to do his end of the deal . 
  and he 's not incompetent like most politicians worldwide . 
  so he 'll likely do everything he 's realistically can do to fix the situation . 
  maidan remaining is just a insurance for protestors to be sure it wo n't be a failure like orange revolution . 
  yeah , next big step is to get parliamentary elections done . 
  hopefully insurgency will be long be dealt with and getting back crimea would be a focus along with fixing economy and possibly signing a trade deal with eu . 
  then he should execute pretty much half of his rebels and himself . 
  and i sure as hell doubt those two executed are executed for those reasons , but instead did some cowardly act , disobeyed some order or helped some pro-ukranians to something ( perhaps to vote ) . 
  even though croatia never used cyrillic alphabet . 
  and no , this is n't a parody . 
  they truly think they made a good football song . 
  at least they 're passionate . 
  screenshot pls . 
  dobro . 
  behavior of insurgents does n't provide confidence that `` mayor '' did this out of some sense of justice . 
  montenegro strong !, 
  hardly an offensive by ua , more of a great defense against likely reckless insurgent offensive . 
  youtube did n't censor shit . 
  anna news either broke the youtube guidelines or youtube users exploited youtube 's shitty flag system to shut down the channel .
