  assad regime , pkk ( they consider ypg as same thing ) and isis . 
  they 're all enemies to erdogan 's turkey and they will get no political support . 
  looks like reports of isis retaking the town are completely false . 
  turkey will never invade without us help . 
  they planned to do safe zone for past year , yet never came to it as us rejected those plans every time . 
  considering it was n't the first time rebels used atgm to strike them in same location few days ago , they must be really clueless . 
  and nobody told them it 's right under rebel atgm killing zone ? 
  in your dreams maybe . 
  turkey interests are way too conflicting to what iranian and russian interests . 
  there 's no way they can strike any meaningful deal over syria . 
  but how do you know what they 're actually talking about ? 
  but how do you know what kind of deals they 're reaching ? 
  only because he thinks there is some sort of mythical turkish-russian-iranian alliance in works . 
  except just today turkish foreign minister had [ outright stated ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/4yikfg/turkey_still_insists_assad_must_go/ ) assad must go as their priority . 
  i 'm assuming they wanted to take al-rai first . 
  it 's more due to fact azaz pocket rebels lack manpower , heavy weaponry and tanks to fight properly . 
  and turkish artillery was only capable to aid them by border which only caused long salient with villages that are hard to defend . 
  azaz rebels just simply ca n't afford heavy losses like rebels in aleppo can . 
  only now thanks to isis being severely weak that they managed to pull it off . 
  if they truly do attack jarabulus from turkey and capture the city ? 
  it 's game over for isis as they no longer would have safe smuggling route without border towns and cities . 
  al-rai and jarabulus were last of those and al-rai is in rebel hands now while jarabulus is now threatened too . 
  so i think that was the idea whole time . 
  take al-rai first and hold it as isis get 's severely weaken by sdf , then go for jarabulus . 
  after that it should be a slow domino effect for rebels to slowly recapture north aleppo of isis before sdf can regain strength after manjib liberation . 
  assad 's regime is the last faction in this war that can complain about destruction caused by their opponents . 
  i 'm completely sure now that dr no believes in realpolitik nonsense . 
  if they manage to take jarabulus ( assuming attack even starts ) , it would n't surprise me if rebels from idlib get redeployed through turkey to azaz and jarabulus pockets to do a major offensive against isis in entire north aleppo . 
  now that is far in future sort of thing to pull off , but it would be great for rebels to expel isis from aleppo and can be in position to attack regime from two fronts . 
  huh ? 
  croatia and bulgaria were never in war , also croatia was part of austria-hungarian empire . 
  bulgaria and serbia were only ever allies during 1st balkan war against ottoman empire , but due to territorial disputes over macedonia ( as well over thrace between bulgaria and greece ) , 2nd balkan war started with bulgaria attacking both serbia and greece , who were all allies in 1st balkan war . 
  it really only happened once and only because bulgaria had big expansionist ideas that conflicted with serbian and greek interests . 
  this remained consistent for bulgaria as they allied with germany in both world wars for their territorial expansions in serbia , macedonia and greece . 
  thankfully bulgaria gave up on expansionism decades ago . 
  it 's because people believe in realpolitik nonsense . 
  no government in the world works like that , it would cause instability really quickly . 
  turkey will not aid either regime nor ypg . 
  in fact this is a perfect time to increase aid azaz pocket rebels as isis is weak and sdf now distracted with war against regime . 
  supporting both factions is a major contradiction . 
  conflict between sdf and assad 's regime was unavoidable , as assad is completely uncompromising while sdf has no interest in return to status quo from pre-war . 
  sdf is now much more likely to negotiate with fsa rebels to join forces against regime now . 
  was n't talking about them . 
  sdf forces around manjib will now stop or severely reduce their expansion against isis , now that they 'll have to scramble their forces to finish off regime pockets in cizire . 
  with already need to recover after manjib liberation anyway , this buys plenty of time for azaz rebels to go on offensive against weakened isis with heavy turkish backing . 
  if true , then regime forces in cizire and completely on their own . 
  it 's a thing and are willing to negotiate with parties that are willing to compromise , i.e. 
  not the stubborn assad . 
  it 's already happening . 
  fighting in both qamishil and hasakah are ongoing . 
  uncertain sure , but i 'm certain it is a bluff move by erdogan to pressure us to do something things he wants to . 
  you are mistaken , rebels provided many video and photographic evidence they are in foll control of the town . 
  and considering in past they always admitted their losses in azaz pocket , it 's pretty believable they are in full control of that town . 
  huh ? 
  are you responding to correct comment ? 
  no , regime holds only couple of buildings in 1070 . 
  complex is in firm rebel control . 
  what videos ? 
  and you wo n't bother linking it ? 
  ready for what ? 
  gains and losses happen over the course of weeks and months . 
  rebels gained a lot in past few weeks in aleppo . 
  just because they did n't gained much in past week , it does n't mean rebels all of the sudden become weak and their offensive a failure . 
  and they were generally proven true . 
  what collision ? 
  saa has never attacked isis in aleppo . 
  i forgot that airbase was part of aleppo . 
  that 's quite a lot of losses for a single militia group to suffer . 
  bbc is a private company , not state owned . 
  i like how regime claims get upvoted without any scepticism in comments , while rebel claims get downvoted immediately . 
  well mods allowed this flag as an option , so ask them first for allowing that flag as an option first . 
  this is a domino effect going against regime . 
  if regime 's holdings fall to sdf , then they 'll lose logistic support to hold deir ezzor . 
  but removing forces from deir ezzor to hasakah , it exposes regime there for isis attack to finally crack through their defences . 
  and as resources are diverted to hasakah overall , fsa rebels sure damn will exploit it soon by attacking regime somewhere else . 
  war with sdf was a completely strategic blunder by assad 's regime , i 'm surprised however it took this long for this mistake to happen . 
  those recent maps are nothing but regime fantasy , eastern aleppo is not under siege at all . 
  he 's finally saying something about this mysterious offensive . 
  considering sdf stopped , that would mean us was on the deal . 
  and i doubt us would allow turkey to deal with russia to undermine sdf . 
  sdf and fsa rebels can always get on negotiations table and reconcile to join together against isis . 
  afteral , the biggest fsa rebels have for sdf is that ypg had refused to fight against assad with them , considering them traitors to revolution and possible assad 's ally . 
  but that can be changed now , as number one enemy for fsa rebels is the assad 's regime . 
  turkey had made a lot of statements but never did any action to undermine us and nato . 
  this is really just public posturing to get more say within nato over syria . 
  and it does n't help that turkey has serious conflicting national interests with russia 's interests . 
  any cooperation between those two can only be temporally , hence why turkey needs to stay in nato . 
  israel would still trash them if they attack lebanon . 
  israel has strong , modern , incredibly well armed and equipped professional army . 
  hezbollah meanwhile struggles with syrian rebels who are while very adaptable and clever , still just a poorly equipped militia . 
  you 're kidding ? 
  you 're using this subreddit poll to back your argument over how people in middle east think ? 
  one trick i found is that if you re-load the save a.i. 
  can underp itself . 
  it 's much better of to besiege the base and deny any air-drop supply . 
  after some time , regime soldiers will surrender . 
  unlike with isis , regime soldiers know they will be treated well by sdf and not massacred . 
  so republican guard is in hasakah afterall . 
  this is way beyond a minor skirmish , sdf and regime are in war . 
  it 's too late for a ceasefire that will result in a status quo .
