  1/3 wanted to keep aca , 1/3 wanted ryan 's tax breaks for rich and fuck the poor aca `` reform '' and 1/3 wanted to completely kill it . 
  entire thing just died with in-party infighting , which was a first in a long time that gop revealed cracks in their party unity . 
  it was n't voted down , it was completely withdrawn from being voted at all . 
  only once in a blue moon . 
  what happened was an exception , not a rule . 
  comments on video are then speaking nonsense . 
  that leak came from frostbite build . 
  bioware has been working on frostbite engine from the very start of me : a development . 
  ehm ... that same cutscene was in game . 
  finished . 
  with better animations . 
  you people are seriously reaching to bash on animations that you are literally seeing alpha leak with inferior unfinished animations , and say it 's better then complete product . 
  what in the actual fuck . 
  except , you know , overwhelming majority of senior developers for me : a are were also from me trilogy development team . 
  ... you guys forget me : a was originally meant to be released on q1 2016 , then pushed to q3 2016 until finally released at march 2017 . 
  game got delayed twice by 6 months each . 
  they got 1 year extra development time . 
  it was developed for 5 freaking years . 
  ea gave bioware a ton of time and money to develop this game , yet somehow you people still insist me : a got rushed by ea 's mandate . 
  just ... think about it . 
  me : a had longer development time , then me2 and me3 combined !, 
  including post-release dlc development for both of those games !, 
  i played the game . 
  i 've seen youtube videos . 
  there is more expression on full release then in that alpha leak . 
  i got nothing else to say , it 's as if people do n't trust their eyes anymore because internet hive mind told them me : a facial animations are the worst thing ever . 
  bioware did that with me1 . 
  i do n't recall . 
  still , they made 5 explorable planets plus 2 big planets maps for prologue and ending mission by handcrafting them . 
  so it does n't look like they lost any content if they did wasted first year . 
  and to say fifa does n't change is ridiculous . 
  sure there 's not much different between fifa 2016 to 2017 , but between 2015 and 2017 there are significant changes . 
  then you go 2014 with 2017 and changes are very significant and so on . 
  also since fifa 15 i think you can download latest team rooster , so you do n't have to buy next fifa game just to have up to date team rooster . 
  also fifa is much more on par with pes in terms of realism , while having more teams and players , also not a shitty pc port like pes does lately . 
  pewdiepie complaining about clickbait is some serious cognitive dissonance case on his part . 
  also clickbait is the nature created by the new internet media , not by the old media that pdp , ethan , jontron and other online celebs claim to fight against . 
  most of those new devs worked on me3 . 
  they were not that inexperienced . 
  [ bioware montreal studio was formed in 2009 ] ( http://www.bioware.com/en/studios/bioware-montreal/ ) , many months before me2 was released . 
  and it has been growing ever since . 
  they had assisted bioware edmonton in polishing me2 post-release dlc 's , me3 and it 's dlc 's , co-developed and supported me3 mp , and developed omega dlc without much of edmonton help . 
  that is unrealistic . 
  seriously though , china already has too many ghost cities they build in past decade , as they focus on building luxurious properties that majority of chinese citizens ca n't afford and those who can already have good homes . 
  they need to build for poor citizens , not for barely existing middle class . 
  extremely unlikely . 
  moscow was far bigger then stalingrad as well far more fortified . 
  germans would n't hope to capture moscow even if they had logistical capabilities . 
  those 800,000 siberian troops would have come eventually to expel german forces from whatever parts of moscow they captured in months of fighting . 
  and germans had no logistics to pull off such thing anyway , hence why they did n't try to go further to moscow . 
   it was the us-provided lend-lease trucks that kept the ussr from falling into the same stall when they chased the germans out of eastern europe . 
  they had so many trucks that they attached rocket launchers to a bunch of them . 
  he did implied it though . 
  although it 's possible he just worded it poorly too , so there 's that . 
  leningrad was far more important for morale , as it was symbol of where communist revolution successfully started and later formed soviet union . 
  moscow was a political capital , while stalingrad an industry capital . 
  me : a is like only 5 hours longer then either me2 or me3 with dlc 's . 
  actually , scratch that . 
  me : a length is identical to me2/3 with dlc . 
  only reason it took me longer to beat me : a it is because i started playing the game on insanity with level 1 ryder , meanwhile in me2/3 i started level 30/60 shepard on insanity while i know time efficient routes . 
  this game is barely longer from me2/3 , how the hell can people complain about the length while enjoying original trilogy ? 
  some history . 
  da :o had shale as pre-release dlc party member for free . 
  me2 had zaeed as pre-release dlc squadmate for free if you had brand new copy instead of used game . 
  da2 had sebastian pre-release dlc party member for signature edition or dlc purchase . 
  me3 had javik as pre-release dlc squadmate for n7 edition or dlc purchase . 
  me1 , da : i and me : a are only bioware games to have no pre-release squadmate dlc . 
  and me1 was released before pre-order dlc 's started to become a norm . 
  bioware did had plans for pre-order dlc 's for me1 , but scratched them as the struggled to even finish developing game in first place . 
  indeed . 
  people should realize democratic party today is a grand coalition of moderate conservative wing and progressive liberal wing . 
  these 300 million represent 23 % of chinese overall population , compared to us middle class that represents 48 % to 53 % of overall us population . 
  and that 's counting both lower and upper middle classes for both countries . 
  for us it is is 15 % to 20 % upper middle class while 33 % lower middle class of it 's overall population , while it is unknown for china ( also i did a quick research and more common number is 225 million , not 300 as you said ) , but if ratio is about the same that makes it even worse . 
  only an upper middle class could afford majority of those apartments being build in china in past decade . 
  now , to not sound unfair , china is having an explosion of it 's growing middle class . 
  something not seen since industrialization of the western world , only much more accelerated how rapidly china is growing . 
  their tepidness is what caused them lose humiliating number of seats on state legislators level and congress for past 2 decades . 
  they only had except during failed gwb presidency to get some ground back . 
  clearly their strategy is not working when they need to rely on terrible republican presidents to get elected , despite their superior programs compared to republicans who just want tax breaks for the rich and deregulations that will fuck the poor , which are mostly republican voters to make it more messed up . 
  at least he admited he did war crimes , unlike with the ussual bunch we get . 
  this is also why paratroopers were used . 
  elites came in first to give regulars better fighthing chance . 
  wo n't be long til you neighbours are finally welcomed to our nato family . 
  for one , tourism would n't die in crimea if it remained in ukraine . 
  and farmers would n't struggle without ukrainian mainland waters . 
  so things would be far superior for crimeans if they stayed . 
  but he is itching for war with iran , north korea and china . 
  also with 10 hour trial and origin 's generious refund policy , pre-ordering me : a close to release was reasonable . 
  at least on pc , dunno how refund policy works on consoles . 
  but tram lasts like few seconds . 
  and to think it only got more massive 22 years later . 
  it is great for ng + playthroughs . 
  i love the transition , but godamn it gets old after 20th planet . 
  as some who does multiple playthroughs , it would be torture . 
  pretty sure bisexual people can have hots for asari while taking broryder 's ... ehm , love . 
  maybe a bisexual/gay quarian male squadmate in upcoming quarian ark dlc ? 
  i can hope ok . 
  me : a was delayed twice . 
  first release date was q1 2016 , then q3 2016 .
