  they have mind control stuff , do n't they ? 
  just use those and make your job easier . 
  garh !!!, 
  how do n't they realize they 're making illuminati a giant joke ? 
  it was a very intimidating organization years ago . 
  deus ex is ruined forever . 
  thanks / r/conspiracy for that !, 
   but trained and paid individuals , who did fly two planes into the world trade center and one into the pentagon, 
  hmh , plot hole . 
  how do they manage to survive plane crash ? 
  to live and get to see their pay . 
  animal sacrifices ? 
  never mind . 
  wait , how did hitler joined illuminati then ? 
  so , they 're not turians ? 
  damn it !, 
  and here i was starting to worship them . 
  i 'm more and more thinking there should be badhistory youtube channel , debunking nonsense like this . 
  nobody likes you , estonia . 
  and you 're small . 
  since you 're from amerika , then yes . 
  it is racist . 
  now that 's very racist . 
  hey now , need to answer to those skype messages . 
  oh so that 's why everyone gave me weird looks in the airport on halloween, 
  yes , they do . 
  croatia most relevant !, 
  croatia culture mighty !, 
  that 's why croats do n't like slovenians . 
  if you do n't , you are a traitor to the slovak motherland . 
  no , to same tek primjetio kada sam kliknio tvoj profile . 
  well , my name probably does stand out a bit . 
  yes , it 's very wrong those title can be assumed , real this days . 
  good , good . 
  next step is to accept christ as your lord and savior . 
  and then , we can call on crusades once again !!, 
  who sits on a friends corpse ? 
  protestants no real christians !, 
  were n't they excommunicated before besieging constantinople ? 
  cause i remember they first attacked rebelling city of zara , for venetia . 
  which pissed of the pope , since that was a christian city and excommunicated both crusaders and venetians . 
  you were saying your confession . 
  and we were in need for good fire branding . 
  well , that would give a hearth attack to everyone in macedonia . 
  all of those yanks are surrendering !!!, 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  impossible !, 
  volcano ca n't be inferior !, 
  lol , turkey thinks is european, 
  cute, 
   i 'll just hide here behind croatia no more removings pls, 
  sorry , but i want my clay back too . 
  and only thing that truly pisses me off is that croatia is only 22 years old . 
  hmh , no . 
  that was price 's doing . 
  which pretty much destroyed russian advances , as their forces there got royally fucked by that emp . 
  black ops 1 and 2 are great . 
  heck , i remember bioware taking tips from dice on how to make audio like them . 
  and mass effect 3 has pretty great audio and i wonder what they 'll do with dragon age inquisition . 
  but what if you die ? 
  let 's go gojira on japan and extort them for our share of their economy !, 
  ... that would be damn awesome !, 
   corporatism, 
  why that one ? 
  looks pretty fitting to modern situation to me , i guess . 
  do n't you mean jewish slavery ? 
  they control the holy land , now . 
  and , well , the world government but details . 
  genius !, 
   thomas edison was a bad guy -- and bad guys usually lose in the end . 
  glenn beck is the last person i 'd expect to be into edison hate circlejerk . 
  well , i was wrong . 
  can italy just stop electing that useless sack of shit ? 
  ne , / r/conspiracy ili / r/conspiratard, 
  i think that 's europa universalis 3 mod . 
  well , til . 
  oh , awesome !, 
  lies !, 
  croatia flag too original to have share flag buddy !, 
  how in the world ragusa expanded that much ? 
  yeah . 
  he 's somehow still very popular , according to italian polls . 
  nope , that 's feron . 
  liara 's old friend . 
  he still draws better then me . 
  you see , those were all crisis actors . 
  what they thought they 'll accomplish ? 
  damn vikings !, 
  that i ca n't say , as i do n't follow italian politics closely . 
  ignoring the fact that non-slavic nation formed pan-nationalist south slavic nation , this is just bizzare . 
  albania owns only one state that is purely of albanian nationalist , it 's rank is 60 so far from being a great power , no yugoslavia cores were there until it got formed and no south slavic nation joined . 
  not even weaker montenegro . 
  i truly do n't get this forming . 
  also i did n't lost it in my sphere , so no yugoslav pan-nationalist rebels taken over either . 
  which pretty sad today , since mali is so poor it 's soldiers ai n't even allowed to fire bullets during their training . 
  that similarity makes it even creepier . 
  i just said it could n't be rebels . 
  i had albania in my sphere and i kept it when yugoslavia was formed . 
  rebel take over would have removed my sphere .
