  was n't usa allied with cuba 's rebels ? 
  shit , how did i missed that ? 
  was nato 's bombing of serbia actually a distraction from war with hungary ? 
  i like how conspiritards desire and love revolutions , until they actually happen . 
  i guess they 're just jealous they were n't invited to join . 
  at least he actually done something good on his personal losses , unlike ron paul . 
  hey , they do n't take away canadian pride !, 
  that 's the only thing they got !, 
  pretty cool . 
  uuuuh , the link is only showing homepage of that site . 
  what was the very first badhistory thread ? 
  i 'm curious now . 
  holy shit !, 
  uk , japan and the damn saudi arabia have larger military budget then russia ? 
  i though cops are bad guys ? 
  rule 5 or gtfo !, 
  yeah , cause federalization worked so well for bosnia . 
  i hate you bot . 
  well , there 's no war nor armed insurgency . 
  so , that 's about it . 
  tupavo . 
  makes sense , their actions are illegal and pretty much treasonous . 
  and best part , they did n't even got their bribe since slovenia and croatia formed their own unified state then allowed to get annexed by serbia , who was part of the allies . 
  so promised territory was gone . 
  they barely got istria and city of rijeka/fiume . 
  hey look on the bright side , it 's downvoted to oblivion . 
  doubtful , svoboda party has barely 2 % of support in most recent polls , despite it 's contribution to euromaidan . 
  in parliament they hold 8 % of seats , so their popularity has dropped by a lot . 
  only reason they have minister position , is because it was gifted to them in interim government . 
  right sector is even in worse position then svoboda party . 
  this guys are more irrelevant then the damn greek golden dawn party . 
  i thought russia said there 's no war ? 
  but , islam loves jesus . 
  wait , ussr was a monarchy ? 
  they need to elect a president first , so he/she can validate early parliament elections . 
  while questionable site due to it 's bias , it still makes a great point . 
  russia truly is a fascist country , just nowhere near like nazi germany . 
  i 'd say it 's just slightly freer version of mussolini 's italy . 
  i do n't think we can even compare russia with 1930 's nazi germany . 
  even then nazi germany was way more extreme then mussolini 's italy . 
  and mussolini was a pure fascist , as he started the whole movement . 
  honestly , putin is trying to be like mussolini ( majorly restricting individual freedoms , crushing it 's opposition , calling for old historical glories , promoting ultranationalism , `` reclaiming '' historical borders ... ) . 
  minus the whole military disasters italy did , due to mussolini 's idiocy with overestimating it 's military strength and capabilities . 
  when looking at russian ultranationalists and their history revisionism , i am not even remotely surprised anymore . 
  [ fifa 14 je iza\u0161la na ps2 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fifa_14 ) . 
  communist anarchists are a real thing and are actually lot more closer to what karl marx wanted then what ussr 's communists become . 
  and retarded . 
  the hell that has to do with this thread and that comment ? 
  that did n't stop greece and turkey to join nato . 
  nah , russia is totally free and not fascist !, 
  men of war community can go fuck itself . 
  i tried to enter like 30 multiplayer matches in men of war assault squad and i only manged to get in like 3 of them . 
  in every other server i got kicked out , just because i 'm level 0 . 
  how the hell am i suppose to level up when every damn server is kicking me out ? 
  and when i try to start my own server , people enter then live at same second despite having good ping . 
  nobody let 's me play the game with them nor want to join my game . 
  so fuck this shitty community . 
  hahahahahahahaha !!!, 
  russia wo n't even going to disarm the chemical weapons herself , but one of nato members instead . 
  putin merely suggested the idea , everyone agreed and some jackass in swedish parliament thought that 's good enough for nomination . 
  russia is super conservative far-right ultranationalist state . 
  everything written on it says , not left wing . 
  even communist russians are not left wing , but merely bunch of old people being nostalgic for ussr 's glory day . 
  none of their actual political beliefs have anything to do with socialism nor communism . 
  fuck micheal bay and his transformers !, 
  and now he 's gon na butcher my childhood with tmnt !, 
  better then [ 16 too many ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn_%28political_party%29 ) , or god forbid [ 46 too many ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jobbik ) . 
   and / r/funny is for the concept of humour . 
  i like that subreddit . 
  good news ? 
  this are terrible news !, 
  he 's only becoming a martyr like that . 
  welcome to russia . 
  little bit confusing since it was n't the onion , even though the new yorkers also does satires on frequent occasions . 
  and because it does sound something like that would come out of putin 's mouth . 
  he should expand it to g-2 though and invite the glorious north korea !, 
  how 's it off topic ? 
  subreddit is about ukraine and game involves virtual version of ukraine . 
  so only svoboda party member on minister position is getting sacked already ? 
  nice . 
  she 's not leading ukraine , only one of top 3 candidates to become a president . 
  if nsa was spying for russia , edward snowden would n't be leaking in moscow . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  yeah , cause political party that does n't even close to get 1 % of support in polls would totally commence an insurgency . 
  hmh , how 's that uncharacteristic from her ? 
  that 's ... that 's just cheesy as fuck man . 
  they do n't nor they should bother . 
  their minds are set dead on that this was a fascist , neo-nazi take over no matter what . 
  they do , however , should make sure others in worlds and in country do n't get fooled by russian propaganda . 
  as well , fuck the right sector . 
  fascist and nazis have no place in today 's world . 
  so good job ukraine on this move . 
  now if you can get rid off svoboda party too , though wishful thinking . 
  they 'll most likely disappear to obscurity instead . 
  propaganda is a hell-of-a drug . 
  ukraine has a drone ? 
  well people hated the tsar and russia was getting it 's ass kicked by germany . 
  bolsheviks were the only organized there to take over rule in russia , as tsar 's rule was being destroyed . 
  plus , germany was funding bolsheviks as their spec ops strategy to weaken russia . 
  hence their great successes on eastern front in ww1 .
