  that 's only because all other republican nominees are a pathetic joke . 
  democrats will have an easy victory . 
  cat ? 
  loyal ? 
   we later found out that the dev team were fanboys of 1 of the 3 factions , with the majority being tr and nc . 
  this bias meant they were specifically making the game unbalanced to favor their own faction . 
  jesus , what the fuck ? 
  how do you know about this images ? 
   many of the refugees are a result of isis, 
  no , majority of refugees are driven out by assad 's terror bombing . 
   stop invading muslim countries for their resources, 
  no resources are bing taken away from middle eastern countries by western powers . 
  in fact , china dominates in taking their resources . 
  and by taking , i mean chinese corporations own most of the natural resources and export resources ask to china while paying for them . 
  i will never understand these people who execute surrendering soldiers . 
  not without total war mobilization can russia have decisive victory against syrian rebels . 
  as much is necessary to keep an illusion that russia is somehow a world great power . 
  except crimea is occupied by russian invaders . 
  but regime is in far , far worse state then in past . 
  also rebels have a lot more atgm 's and missiles for it . 
  why use tow 's that often when atgm 's do the job well enough ? 
  shit , well here goes my lack of knowledge in weapons . 
  link is unsafe . 
   until then this proxy war will continue, 
   ( see bosnia , or ex-yugoslavia for latest example ), 
  fuck off , yugoslav wars were not some proxy wars of great powers . 
   big strong socialist/communist independent and influential on global scale country in the middle of europe ? 
  yugoslavia strong ? 
  lol !, 
  what a joke . 
  it was only strong in sports , really . 
  influential ? 
  in region , definitely very influential . 
  worldwide ? 
  beyond being one of three founders of non-aligned movement in cold war , nothing of note really . 
   yeah i am fairly sure that nobody wanted yugoslavia to break up too / s, 
  eu was desperately trying to keep yugoslavia united , which only resulted in many failed cease fire agreements . 
   how influential or strong is any of the countries that came out of yugoslavia ? 
  both croatia and serbia remained very influential in region , especially croatia for being part of nato and eu . 
   on a european level , screw global level , no screw even european level - how influential is any of the countries now even on balkans level ? 
  you 're very out of touch with reality of croatian and serbian geopolitics in balkans and europe . 
  bosnian solution would only work as a temporary deal , as bosnia today is non-functional , incredibly corrupt and tensions are getting slowly higher as years progress from peace deal . 
  no politicians in bosnia wants or knows how to or has political will how to reform bosnia in functioning state that would spite dayton accord . 
  and also a deal assad would never accept , as war crimes and crimes against humanity investigation would be done with full un support . 
  and when investigations are successful , no matter which faction individuals took part of , everyone accused must be arrested and sent to hague for trial . 
  basically , it ai n't gon na happen . 
   bosnia is a failed state, 
  that is flat out factually wrong . 
  because invasion of poland , lithuania , latvia , estonia and finland were totally needed for ussr 's defense !, 
  this is nonsense , nazi germany was in no position to properly invade ussr until 1941 , 2 years after that treaty was signed . 
  treaty only gave nazi germany to focus on winning western front and consolidating it 's gains , while buying time to build a huge and more advanced army to invade ussr . 
  and whole damn time stalin was n't even preparing for soviet army for future nazi germany invasion , even flat out ignored his intelligence agency of german army massive build upon soviet border . 
  in other words , stalin was a moron that had cost millions of lives . 
  let me translate this :, 
  *** russia : *** * political solution only possible with assad 's total military victory . 
  you heard it russia and iran , assad himself is saying you should stop supporting him . 
  wanted to invade = / = capable to invade, 
  nazi germany could not possibly wage a war with ussr in 1939 nor in 1940 . 
  as well had no hope against france and uk if german forces were divided on two fronts . 
  peace in croatia and bosnia was not achieved without agreement of all 3 country leaders involved in that war . 
    stalin is one of the most incompetent leaders in history . 
  he could n't even take evidence that hitler was about to invade seriously . 
  well that did happen and stalin was a pretty fucking moronic overall . 
   but tell me again who won the largest land war in world history ? 
  not thanks to any stalin 's contributions . 
  basically his only contribution was that he let zhukov run the war . 
   fact is , western powers , while fighting germany got zero help from russia , and got backstabbed by the m-r treaty . 
  also i remember that france could have been politically unified before ww2 if socialists and communists formed a coalition . 
  but stalin ordered french communist to not align with `` pseudo-marxists '' so france remained in political instability which is one of reasons why france quickly surrender to germany advances . 
  basically , stalin sabotaged a potential ally and gave a quick win to his enemy . 
  perhaps ukraine should exploit that in close future . 
  slovenci so zbilja veliki \u0161ugavci . 
  this is also dinamo zagreb 's first victory in opening match of cl . 
  still , this sort of thing can not be tolerated again . 
  ca had same mess happen with empire , then rome 2 . 
  they narrowly avoided it with shogun 2 , but managed to fix every issue in matter couple of months instead over a year worth of patching . 
  if warhammer ends like empire and rome 2 , it would be a third strike for ca . 
  god i hope it does n't happen , i do n't want for tw franchise to disappear . 
   the previous total war games have been very , very light on campaign stories . 
  napoleon tw had semi-story campaign , while tutorials in medieval 2 and rome 2 also had a story . 
  otherwise only historical scripted battles had story , especially in shogun 2 . 
  total warhammer might hopefully expand with storytelling . 
  being called a racist is an accusation , not an insult . 
  shit , this weapons still ai n't be sold to foreign market and it 's exclusive for croatian military for now . 
  how did it even got to black market hands ? 
  pretty sure baseless accusations fall under shitposting or trolling . 
  just checked it and you 're right , it was sold to iraq and iraqi kurds last year . 
  i somehow missed that . 
  but merkel wants to accepted refugees in germany . 
  no , we wo n't . 
  police officers were not disarmed . 
  police officers were interviewed when they returned back to country , they also claim they were not disarmed and that hungarian police treated them respectfully . 
   assad has massive support right now due to isis, 
  that 's outright false . 
  honor has no place in a modern war . 
  someone should really treat him to stop being a cannibal . 
  and here i though him bitching how terrorist won after airport security confiscated his jar of honey would be the lowest thing he could ever say . 
  almost as if he goes against the lowest of the lows so he can look superior to everyone . 
  i 'll never forget that nonsensical drama he created . 
  nah , \u010ca\u010di\u0107 will rescue ... no , i ca n't even joke about that .
