  nope , he did the least amount of damage to the base and warned russia in advance to which assad 's forces had time to evacuate most of it 's troops and equipment off base . 
  assad is a moron and his main goal is to annihilate the opposition . 
  he has zero interest into reconciliation nor peace negotiation . 
  only mass torture and mass murder until entire country submits under his family 's iron rule . 
  he 's only winning because of russia gave him a blank check on military supplies and for over a year airstrike , while iran is continuously sending reinforcements in foreign militias . 
  if he was n't getting no support from russia and iran , rebels would have won long ago . 
  in fact rebels are still nowhere near being defeated and are in fact pulling more victories as regime 's lines are getting severely stretched thin while foreign militias are no longer able to fill in the gaps . 
  and no , regime is only capable to negotiate with itself . 
  they kept cancelling and walking out of peace talks over trivial reasons like rebel delegates having beards or swiss delegates shaking with rebel delegates first . 
  they 're goddamn childish and do not take negotiations seriously at all . 
  people have this hard on hatred for frostbite engine recently . 
  i have no idea what it come from . 
  / uj is that a german soldier holding a british sten gun ? 
  did you linked the wrong image ? 
  because i see no dinosaurs . 
  i just wish valve could just get on with it and make half life 3 . 
  i do n't even want a masterpiece , just a good game with good resolution . 
  just to end the series on good note , instead of being stuck on a cliffhanger forever . 
  that meme is so old ( and unfunny ) that bioware had already patched that out . 
  i meant story resolution , but good joke . 
  i 'm pretty sure trotsky getting an ice-axe to his head is not subtle . 
  it was more finished then the witcher 3 was on release . 
  i just did . 
  to think when i was in my young teens i actually believed his shit . 
  evil ofcourse , he 's a communist !, 
   and the u.s. murdered them all . 
  that is really only relevant part that makes it a false equivalence . 
  yeah , poles really do n't need to rely on myths to prove their courage during ww2 . 
  they have plenty of factual events to show for instead . 
  ah , the original youtube poop video . 
  recently i discovered tik . 
  he does some seriously good animated documentaries on ww2 , focusing on north africa front that is not well known by most people . 
  yeah , but i do n't recall us systematically murdering japanese americans . 
  hell , a single murder at all to have happened either on behalf . 
  but i could be wrong , i do n't know much about japanese american interment camps history beyond being a dark stain in us and fdr 's history . 
  damn , i had no idea about this . 
  i need to watch it !, 
  yeah , when you have no chance of victory then instead inflict as much losses as possible to invader to make the cost high , if not outright making them pay for more then their bargained for . 
  axis were behind on manpower , technology and industry . 
  but hey , they had warrior spirit so that had off-set those things . 
  right ? 
  yeah , us alone outclasses , outguns and outnumbers russia extremely . 
  and then there 's nato to make it even worse for russia , then it already was . 
   denmark fell in days as i recall, 
  i think you 're thinking off yugoslavia that fell within 11 days , mainly due to mass surrenders and defections of slovenes and croats in yugoslav army . 
  i 'd not use word conservative for today 's american republicans . 
  in reality , they are a right-wing reactionary populist rabble . 
  conservatism was never about being against social progress nor anti-intellectualism . 
  shit we 're seeing today is rather unique , as moderate and pragmatic conservatism is obscure . 
  yeah , but germans did not expected for yugoslavia to collapse so quickly . 
  them and british underestimated the political chaos in yugoslavia on how close it was to it 's own civil war , which clearly favoured germany . 
  sure , yugoslavia would have fallen regardless . 
  but if it managed to keep united and put up a better fight against germany to pro-long their invasion , maybe the british could have bring in more troops , weapons equipment to keep greece from falling . 
  but as with all what-if sceneries , i 'm just guessing and speculating on it . 
  yeah , they will keep same business model by releasing free mp dlc 's . 
  makes perfect business sense , as me3 and me : a are not mp giants like cod and bf to sell their mp dlc 's and not suffer from dividing up their mp community . 
  instead me3 and me : a went with microtransaction route . 
  obama did drone strikes on al-nusra/jabhat fateh al-sham/tahrir al-sham on their leadership and officers . 
  meanwhile russia terror bombed civilian populace where that group is garrison and occasionally hit and killed some of their fighters and destroyed their ammo storage . 
  thing is , gwb 's approvals took years to drop so low . 
  trump is not even 100 days in presidency and has been raging between 30 % to 40 % constantly . 
  so far had small bumps that lasted very short and continued to fall . 
  it will not be surprising for him to drop below 30 % in couple of months if not sooner . 
   russians performed pretty fine in georgia, 
  not really , russian troops kept getting lost in georgia and had no tactical flexibility . 
  only reason russia appeared to have performed well it 's because an entire actual army of georgia was in afghanistan , while those who remained were not fully trained soldiers and conscripts . 
  if those georgian troops were in their country , they 'd have caused far greater losses on russia and war would have lasted far longer . 
  russia would have won either way , they would have been bloodied and embarrassed yet again . 
  indeed , putin was very pissed at piss poor performance of russian army . 
  but even his 2008 reforms had limited effect , as russian economy simply ca n't afford a huge modern army . 
  so most of russian military is inflated by poorly trained and ill supplied conscripts and border guard posing as military . 
  well at least it will give us varied content in future . 
  as well to retire that trope that french are cowards . 
  yep !, 
  they thankfully fixed that permanent smile on default sara ryder . 
  no idea how they messed up default ryder animations , yet fine on custom sisryder . 
  i meant default sara ryder . 
  default scott ryder is fine , like either gender custom ryder 's . 
  indeed . 
  if hardware alone was enough to make gaming platform great , pc would have dominate gaming market . 
  instead , pc gaming market is still on par with each individual console 's gaming market . 
  / uj jim should be punished for making awful sketch `` comedy '' in every intro and outro of his every video . 
   nazis are literally just racist communists . 
  but ... stalin was racist . 
  so ... so soviet union was nazi all along ? 
  now i get it !, 
  it was right in front of my nose whole time !, 
  this is why many nazis are bronies today !, 
  doing scorched earth policy against us is just a damn waste , on top of being terrible thing to do . 
  i do n't know how i failed to notice the obvious . 
  uj / ok , seriously . 
  people are just absurd . 
  this facial animation debacle is nothing , absolutely nothing , compared to me3 endings debacle . 
  and no man 's sky debacle was much bigger to me3 's debacle . 
  math does n't add up . 
  / uj i laughed . 
  shit , i 'd just like to see more of my damn country . 
  i 've been told my country is pretty . 
  which is is hilarious considering star wars extended universe had a lot of female characters in both support roles and as protagonists . 
  this is not a new thing for star wars , it 's just movies and games are catching up too .
