  also because mussolini grossly overestimated capability of his military and pointlessly putting them in suicidal offensives . 
  i think it 's paying off . 
   ( edited to note : if the conflict between ukraine and russia turns into a shooting war , this post and the above post are being deleted asap out of respect for the horrors of a real war . 
  joking is one thing when nobody 's getting killed , if there 's shooting it becomes a lot less funny ), 
  i got the feeling you 'll be needing to delete the post soon . 
  i also wonder is there a realistic potential for nato 's 5th article to be invoked . 
  man i have no idea what would happen if my country get 's dragged into war . 
  well , i do n't think serbia would join military on russian side . 
  well , russians lost the first war over that place . 
  might as well lose second one , if they so desire to start a new one . 
  because that 's the point . 
  it knows it is it 's weak spot , but reveals anyway because fuck you !, 
  i 'm ballsy enough to do it !, 
  unlike that silly little vagina that hides itself inside the body , acting so tough with that . 
   brazil in that time was much bigger economy-wise than portugal, 
  it still is . 
  took me a while to notice `` hypocrite '' down there . 
  you 've been excommunicated from / r/vatican . 
  well 2 days ago i thought my grandma got a stroke , but today i learned it was n't . 
  she got some sort of severe cramps that put her to shock , caused by some very strong she was drinking for health reasons . 
  i can now sleep well tonight . 
  holy shit , i never heard of that one before !, 
  yet sadly , not the stupidest one either . 
  heh , well i think i covered most of that already , coincidentally . 
  i presume ukrainian jews do n't consider that too much of a threat for their safety , as majority of euromaiden protestors and new government are n't neo-nazis nor would allow them to rule . 
  but for now , they do seem to be a necessary ally to take some part of rule as to keep ukraine united against currently ousted president and now putin 's russia . 
  enemy of my enemy is a friend , i guess . 
  oh everyone knows that , but rejecting us supporting in this situation just for principles would be plain silly . 
  why do you guys have to ruin one of my favorite games now ? 
  \u0160okatno ? 
  you know , if people do n't own crusader kings 2 and do n't tie to your paradox forums account , access to mod forums is blocked . 
   world war 2 over 70 million , and neither had anything to do with religion ), 
  but hitler was a catholic !!, 
  but the real question is , is marco polo italian or croatian ? 
  so italian ? 
   i disagree that modern feminism has turned into a ` bad joke ' ( but that argument may run afoul of rule 2 , so let 's let it pass ) . 
  must ... resist ... to ... debate ... that ... 
  [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9y6oulyk00a ) linked in article is translated in it too . 
  it 's a very cringy speech . 
  [ it 's also reported they are patrolling the streets of crimean cities \\ ( not said which \\ ) ] ( http://www.jutarnji.hr/cetnici-patroliraju-krimom-jaric---nakon-mozgova--sad-nam-se-odlivaju-i-cetnici-/1171545/ ) . 
  for those who do n't know who chetniks are , [ link to wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chetniks ) . 
  while so far only 5 are confirmed to be there , it 's still quite interesting they went across half of europe to support russian separatists in crimea, 
  well russia liberated serbia from ottoman rule , starting brotherly bond between two nations . 
  as well during second balkan wars , russia sided with serbia over bulgaria due to it 's pro-serbian sentiment , even though bulgaria was way more useful to them ( not being landlocked for starters ) . 
  and there were many russians volunteers that sided with serbs during yugoslav wars , while russia itself supplied serbia . 
  even today , russia gives lot 's of free stuff to serbia . 
  russia pretty much treats serbia as it 's little brother . 
  so yeah , their ties are very strong so hence the support . 
  also in a way , reddit is preserving history , by crowd-sourcing information and making sure is it legit or not . 
  well usually . 
  alright , sometimes . 
  depends on subreddit , who runs it and crowd that takes part of creating it 's content . 
  pa jesu , samo \u0161to je bilo to [ u 1941 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-soviet_invasion_of_iran ) . 
  what 's with inconsistency between english and then i assume ukrainian cyrillic ? 
  ah good , now i can take pride i 'm taking part of ww3 on reddit front-lines . 
  totally not fascist !, 
  well by that time croatia started to win in it 's war , so i 'm fine with that . 
  so what did hitler did 30 % wrong ? 
  that seems highly unlikely percentage , as i 'm sure it 's much more low . 
  that has to be embarrassing . 
  if i was a russian , i would kinda not want those thugs to become part of my country . 
  \u010cetnik alert !, 
  pretty fucking sure hungary and greece were the ones that started the return of fascism . 
  though greece is shutting them down , due to dumbasses not covering up their criminal activity well . 
  hungary , in other hand ... : - /, 
  istria is still ours !, 
  a lot of people do , but that 's gon na take a long time to investigate . 
  crimea crisis however , is a huge ongoing event and anything can change by very next passing hour . 
  hence , most attention is there . 
  well crimean situation is an international crisis , while yanukovych issue is a domestic one . 
  so ofcourse , international problems will get way more attention . 
  with what , german money ? 
  declared independence , only to get annexed by russia . 
  entire thing with crimea is a giant mess and a total joke . 
  there was even that formed crimean military ceremony yesterday . 
  it was so awkward and bizarre . 
  i think them mobilizing the army whole time and telling russia to fuck off crimea , is pretty much answer that . 
  you know , when you put title on english , i expect to have at least english translations . 
  no , because president made a deal with opposition which he broke it very next day , while letting/ordering berkut slaughter over a 100 of his citizens . 
  and with the parliament nearly unanimously voting to oust him , even majority from party he lead , his forced removal from office was very legitimate . 
  when you commit crimes against humanity and war crimes on the people in your country , your country laws kinda become mute . 
  albanian overwhelming majority wanted leave due to that , so it was allowed . 
  well , 17 years after their referendum . 
   it shows that nobody is allowed here , who disagrees with the regime change . 
  oh you 're allowed to speak what you want here , but that does n't you 're free from not getting negative response . 
  uuuuuuuugh , it would be great if everyone would stop comparing crimean crisis with collapse of yugoslavia . 
  because , something something , countries seceded . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  apparently it is . 
  heck , it 's not just random people on internet that say that . 
  but many geopolitical analysis 's and high standing politicians on international stage are comparing those situations . 
  that also reminds me one article i read recently on how putin miscalculated on ukrainian crisis that it would become new yugoslavia . 
  man that was great piece of article . 
  i need to find it again . 
  ** edit *** # 1 *, 
  here 's the article : http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/09/opinion/sunday/how-russia-has-already-lost-the-war.html?smid=fb-share&amp;_r=3, 
   for one thing , mr. putin misunderstands the complexities of language and ethnicity in ukraine . 
  certainly , ukraine is diverse , and language , history and culture play a role in some of its internal differences -- just as they do in blue - and red-state america , in northern and southern italy , or in the north and the south of england . 
   the error is to believe there is a fratricidal separation between russian and ukrainian speakers and to assume that everyone who speaks russian at home or voted for mr. yanukovych would prefer to be a citizen of mr. putin 's russia . 
  the reality of ukraine is that everyone in the country speaks and understands russian and everyone at least understands ukrainian .
