  anything really . 
  that 's ... not very feesable to make a good game . 
  i mean , fcw was just a overglorified skirmish that nearly resulted into a real war but was avoided thanks to citadel council making turian hierarchy to not mobilize it 's military and instead open diplomatic talks with humans . 
  really , bioware royally screwed up by making time difference between fcw and me1 just a mere 40 years . 
  as well making humans responsible for creating omni-gel and omni-tool . 
  and with me3 endings making a goddamn mess , along with also not much time difference between me1 to me3 , bioware trully shot itself on the foot . 
  they could , however , make a me game without humans and make some replacement for omni-tool tech that is iconic to series . 
  but let 's face it , it will never happen , bioware just does not want to make a me game that is n't human centric . 
  no , bioware needs to stick with me : a setting or canonize one of me3 endings as well some key shepard 's choices or do a complete reboot . 
  sticking with me : a is the safest , least controversial and most realistic option . 
  it 's too late to do more outside of post-ending dlc content , really . 
  it 's less ea 's decision then bioware 's . 
  and without some big pushback , ea wo n't push bioware to reduce price of bioware points or even outright remove them . 
   your squadmates have no major flaws and no motivations, 
  what a total bullshit , all me : a squadmates have major flaws and motivations . 
  also liara and especially garrus are among the most popular met characters , even though they without any flaws mary sue 's . 
  so , complete nonsense . 
   -- little big name voice acting talent, 
  seriously ?!, 
  do n't give me celebrity worship culture crap . 
  if your work of fiction depends heavily on strong celebrity presence , then it 's a sign of weakness . 
  this subreddit became just as toxic bsn was during me2 days , when people claimed that game was dumbed down fps poorly written game and that bioware is dead . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  i would not surprised for trump to run to russia like yanukovich , but then started to call for uprising of right wingers in usa to oppose the `` coup '' that caused him to flee . 
  with russia to organize everything , us could suffer a massive insurgency or even an outright civil war . 
   no one wants that . 
  russia does . 
  us should n't have allowed south rejoin the union for generations to come , instead should have remained us territories until they learned their lessons . 
   we ca n't rule out the russians are making him say ridiculous things to embarrass the country, 
  i dunno , he 's really good at doing it on his own . 
  it 's when republican party turned on gwb . 
  yeah , it is a really terrible name to portray it 's message properly . 
   we went there to secure our oil, 
  yet us and american corporations only control a small percentage of iraqi oil . 
  meanwhile , china and chinese corporations overwhelming majority of it . 
  let 's be real , us did n't invade iraq over oil . 
  and to think he won the popular vote on his second run . 
   eisenhower republicans, 
  my god , how could they go from eisenhower to ... nixon , reagan and trump . 
  well they are technically kings and nobility , so it get 's a pass . 
   this is a call for war . 
  ok , calm down there a little . 
  acts like these should n't escalate into major wars . 
  during 2012 elections campaign when ryan pretty much barged into some soup kitchen uninvited to record himself working as dishwasher to connect with average american . 
  it was pathetic , cringey and outright rude to soup kitchen owner and workers . 
  eeeew , democrat kerry was bad enough . 
  why make it even worse . 
  [ speaking of what could be trump 's floor . 
   detain everyone including erdogan, 
  that 's an act of war . 
  and act of war against an ally . 
  that would make things way worse . 
  turkey has 2nd biggest army in nato , one of largest navy and air-force too . 
  and they 're all modern . 
  that 's not something to sneeze at . 
  and war with turkey would end nato dominance in mediterranean sea , as turkey would align with russia fully . 
  oh and arresting a leader of a sovereign country in your country while having diplomatic immunity would completely and utterly destroy us 's diplomatic ties with everyone on planet earth . 
  you do n't fucking do this !!!, 
  sovereign countries do n't want their leaders arrested in foreign countries !!!, 
  that 's the main fucking reason diplomatic immunities exists !!, 
  dude , us did n't waged war against a first world country military since ww2 . 
  it 's far different from going to war in a third world country like afghanistan or developing second world country like iraq . 
  waging a war against turkey would be a disaster , like vietnam war level disaster . 
  in fact worse then that . 
  you completely and utterly missed my point so i wo n't bother discussing you anymore , you nuke-happy fool . 
  i never fucking said us would suffer more then turkey !, 
  now you pissed me off by putting words into my mouth that i did n't said . 
  i 'm now 100 % done with you . 
  i think he also has the same shirt . 
   turkey is playing nice to try and get into the eu, 
  that 's so outdated it hurts . 
  majority of turks do not want to join eu , erdogan does not want for turkey to join eu , turkish parliament is pushing policies incompatible with eu policies . 
  this is not 2008 anymore . 
  turkey has zero desire to join eu . 
  only einstein never said that . 
  and that definition is wrong . 
  i think he realized that after he got kicked out of north africa . 
  fuck off greece , montenegro is croatian clay !, 
  i mean ... shit , did i said that out loud ? 
   from american wannabe crusaders, 
  crusades are copyrighted by the catholic church . 
  heretic protestants not allowed entry !, 
  yikes , that was bad . 
  is that dev still with paradox ? 
  eh , dude , he lost primaries . 
  by a huge margin . 
  pkk and ypg in syrian rojava are just as thuggish and authoritarian as erdogan and assad , especially to non-kurdish populace . 
  meanwhile iraqi kurdistan and turkey are in friendly terms . 
  for that , pkk and ypg view iraqi kurdistan government as an enemy and routinely imprison , torture and if lucky deport any sympathizers of that democratic government . 
  in other words , no , erdogan has no genocidal plans for kurds nor are kurds monolithic nor saints . 
  erdogan is bad enough as it is , no need to add fictional crimes . 
  i was genuinely surprised to see carlilists to win civil war , which did in past , so mediterranean bloc alliance was a new one to me . 
  meanwhile , i had no idea volga-danubian alliance even was an option at all , let alone form by an a.i. 
  that one time i 'm glad someone converted out of catholicism . 
  european countries have a fair share of conservatives and reactionary far-right in nearly every levels of elected government . 
  besides uk , europe does n't have have significant amount of right wing libertarians . 
  i dunno , bannon is tame to shit that stalin caused . 
  i am not american , yet i feel embaressed and insulted . 
  how can humanity come to this point yet elect a goddamn manchild as leader of world 's only superpower ? 
  he genuenly thought he 'd get democratic support for that .
