   christian lebanese families like to drink like mexican ones . 
  well , drinking is only an issue with protestant christians . 
  catholics and orthodox do n't . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  and they were also monstrous with the baltic nations ( before and after german invasion ) , polish ( same with baltic nations ) , hungarians , romanians and even with freaking serbs after liberating belgrade . 
  no , the war started in 1939 . 
  it was , however , delayed in german 's favor . 
  heck , hitler hoped there would n't be war with poland , as it would buy him some more time to build more tanks , planes and ships . 
  if war started with czechoslovakia , we 'd have `` war of nazi aggression '' instead of ww2 , as germany lacked heavily in tanks and planes at the time . 
  and without czechoslovakian industry and resources , they would never be able to get what they had when ww2 actually started . 
  hmh , i do n't think they managed to capture any black guy for the holocaust . 
   no he did n't . 
  he invaded the country ... unless you think gleiwitz was n't ss commandos pretending to be polish ... and in that case i 'm amazed . 
  he did that because france and uk shown they wo n't appease him anymore , like with czechoslovakia , and were very firm on them declaring war on germany if it attacks poland . 
   they lacked heavily in tanks and planes in 1941 ... yet that 's still ww2 . 
  due to german superior tactics in using them ( and giant stroke of luck ) did n't matter until mid-war . 
  however , before getting czechoslovakia those tactics would n't matter much as germany barely had any tank division , while still behind in plane production . 
  plus , czechoslovakia has it 's own fortified defensive like france , with only way to circle around it is to go through poland or romania . 
   that 's true , but i 'm not sure why it changes when the war started . 
  i personally believe the conflicts fuzzy roots begin when hitler became chancellor ... and that it became ` hot ' with fascist encroachments in china , spain & ethiopia . 
  arguing otherwise would be like arguing that the american vietnam war did n't start until the gulf of tonkin incident . 
  spain was neutral whole ww2 , despite being fascist . 
  italian invasion of ethiopia and albania could have not happen , while never bother to ally with japan and it would still not matter to nazi war expansion plans . 
  besides we do n't say ww1 started in 1912 , since balkan wars had giant effects in starting that war . 
  there were other series of events to start , delay or even stop a war , just like with ww2 . 
  hence we put austro-hungarian declaration of war to serbia as start of ww1 and german invasion of poland ( they never declared war formally ) as start of ww2 . 
  well , at least top comments are disputing the comment . 
  it never yours and it will never be yours !, 
   there 's badhistory to be found , sure . 
  the whole flood/hebrew slaves in egypt/moses leading them into the promised land stuff is fertile ground for that kind of thing . 
  do tell me more . 
   actually , this is the way history is taught in romania . 
   we 've always been the first ( maybe last ? ), 
  bastion of christianity and civilization ( i think the word is used loosely :d ) in front of the ottoman tide . 
  that 's what we do in croatia too . 
  but we have decency to say austrians and hungarians helped out . 
  though forget to mention polish involvement , weirdly . 
  ok , thanks for the links . 
  wait , croatia is under high section ? 
  man the standards are pretty darn low . 
  it 's not like an eagle is the most overused symbol for anything . 
   but the eu can reach a similar degree of federalism , it will just take far longer . 
  lol, 
  i hugely doubt that that 's ever gon na happen . 
  i love this so much . 
  black cop is obviously discriminating against the aryan race . 
  does n't explain us , though . 
  ah , to je jo\u0161 falilo od njega . 
   just to make clear though , he 's 100 % still not in the same league as the holocaust . 
  yeah , i never heard of that guy until now in this thread . 
  heck , i 've heard of that one black guy that owned slaves a couple of times . 
   the guy who orchestrated the first and , to my knowledge , only industrial genocide, 
  well his pal ante paveli\u0107 was more then happy to recreate that on serbs . 
   in may 1902 , he accidentally met his ex-wife on her way to visit stalin in batumi prison . 
  he shouted : `` stop or i 'll kill you !, 
  he [ stalin ] wants to turn the whole world upside down . 
  if you had n't taken him to school he 'd be a craftsmen , now he 's in prison . 
  ** i 'll kill such a son with my own hands , he 's disgraced me . 
  '' ** a mob protected her from him . 
  she never saw him again . 
  if only he actually managed to do that , world would be a slightly better place . 
  it 's been nearly 13 years , yet no attempt was made to get there ? 
  true enough , but i want to believe . 
  just this once . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ p.s. 
   in which henry_fords_ghost is a pedantic dick about automotive history . 
  wait , someone is calling out against user i see very often here ?!, 
   submitted 10 hours ago by henry_fords_ghost, 
  son of a. . . 
   testing flamethrowers on prisoners, 
  was that really necessary ? 
  be thankfully yugo-nostalgics mostly do n't know english ( and use internet ) . 
  otherwise you 'd have huge pro-tito circklejerk . 
  i guess japan never had witch burning . 
  i really need to join up to play that game with you all . 
  whenever i find out it 's being played , it 's already over . 
  should n't this thread be in / r/conspiritard instead ? 
  well it would be breaking out of the norm . 
  it get 's very tiresomeness after so much nazi and confederacy apologists spewing their nonsense . 
  looks like a geth giving a thumbs up . 
  be very afraid . 
  funny thing he did n't mention yugoslavia , because if question tito 's official numbers of dead in holocaust done by nazi croatia , you 'd actually be sent to prison for that . 
  what i wan na know who is that only scientist that rejects global warming and what he wrote . 
  i 'd love to read that , just to see that perspective . 
  talk about being ungrateful . 
   lucky for him `` human rights '' is just another term for `` western interests '' . 
  but , but , but ... my link karma !, 
  subreddit is dead . 
  i 'm disappointed . 
  cut your melodramatic sarcasm . 
  human rights were never used as tool for western interest . 
  western countries are often time hypicritical by not prosecuring their own govorment officals when they violate human rights . 
  i still find it hugely ironic waffen ss was multicultural , multinational and multiethnic at all . 
  / r/conspiracy ? 
   i can point to examples like king leopold who claimed to bring civilisation to the belgian congo, 
  bringing civilization = / = bringing human rights, 
  in matter of fact , `` bringing civilization '' is nothing but a typical eurocentric racism against `` inferior '' non-european nations . 
   right up to bush ii saying the iraq war was about bringing democracy and freedom to the arabs, 
  official reason why usa invaded iraq is iraqi use of wmd 's on kurdish minorities . 
  what bush said is nothing but propaganda he used for a one speech and that 's about it .
