   but hitler , assad and george washington are all goddamn heroes . 
  wait , why is washington in same bunch ? 
  ofcourse it 's the worst post , everything is deleted . 
  lol , here i thought you 'll go with greenland but iceland makes it funnier, 
  yeah , germany even hoped allies would n't support poland during german invasion . 
  they wanted to prepare more before attacking allies . 
  yeah , we never can interpret our own scriptures in same way . 
  then again , it 's true for political ideologies as well . 
  i remember that in one of medieval 2 total war mods i used , when i capture center of settlement no timer starts at all . 
  so i guess theoretically , disabling timer of capture point is possible . 
  though in same said mod , attacking a.i. 
  kept massing troops on capture point despite no capturing was possible and ignoring one enemy unit that was refusing to leave walls . 
  so it would give a.i. 
  issues , but that 's just me basing on medieval 2 mod that was updated further on . 
  yeah , it was little bit misleading . 
  even i who does n't like washington , would n't put him even close to any of those two on any list . 
  thanks for that . 
  heh , not as stupid as creationist nonsense but still . 
  lol , oh wow, 
  well , can that classified as guilty pleasure ? 
  why ? 
  it would be a nice unintentional comedy . 
  do n't be silly , we all know ethnic issues are only balkan thing . 
  well to be little fair , false flag can also be talk on abuse of youtube 's flagging system . 
  which is piece of shit . 
  heck , they get lost often in croatian mountains too . 
  how are they keep doing that ? 
  to ... to mora da je neki genijalni photoshop . 
  mora !, 
  nice , though why is it in this subreddit ? 
  this would in fact fit / r/totalwar . 
  oh how bad they are now is nothing what it can become easily in future . 
  i would n't call them delusional , but more misguided and misinformed . 
  paranoia , the best ally any tyrant can hope to have . 
   and me over here like, 
   guys fuck off it was two bombs versus a soviet/american invasion that would have cost millions more lives, 
  well , soviets did invade japan controlled china and korea . 
  which also held their last industries , so their loss was a last seal of japan prolonging the war for conditional surrender . 
  it 's civ v !, 
  why the mongols ? 
  i thought balkans were unique with national and ethnic hate !, 
  hmh , they are also cheap and cheating bastards in crusader kings 2 , so fuck them !, 
  heh , though i did dealt with them differently with my croatia megacampaign . 
  thankfully i managed to avoid wrath of ilkhanate , but not so lucky with golden horde . 
  i lost some territory to them in russia , but i kept showering the khan with gifts , sending chancellor to improve relationship and later got very lucky to get him converted into catholicism . 
  so my empire managed to remain largely intact , while i assisted golden horde in it 's holy wars against muslim ilkhanate , which started to get too close to my territory . 
  pretty sure there is difference , since william the conqueror got blessing and support by pope to invade england from catholic anglo-saxons and take throne for himself . 
  never did i heard it was considered a holy war , let alone something like a crusade . 
  and would be quite bizarre if it was like crusade , since 1st crusade was n't even planned while william was among the living . 
  now that 's just disgusting . 
  oil that china got , in the end . 
  pretty much . 
  just saying just because it has pope 's blessing , it does n't mean it 's a crusade . 
  not even a religious war . 
  pretty much . 
  at least it was n't that thing either . 
  just a guy ignorant on history , ancient one at least . 
  if only the chart can be fit in . 
  otherwise pretty good . 
  well , more like from mid-20th century to early 21st century . 
  though that would be too descriptive title . 
  and that 's putting hopes us would realize this delusion before it mid 21st century hits . 
  well , at least he did n't falsify translation . 
  i think he meant that by escaping the rally . 
  as in , i think that he 's a guy with camera leaving the rally . 
  you got my vote !, 
  we have a spy , among us !, 
  i thought their main economy was raping and pillaging . 
  oh man , the old gods lied to me !, 
  since when does media uses that word ? 
  pretty sure he 's talking about wtc 7 , not twin towers . 
  oh right , i forgot they disabled picture posting to avoid / r/gaming circlejerk . 
  man i hate eu , but saying it 's like ussr is downright retarded . 
  nobody will be surprised if he extends his term . 
  in fact he was a already president twice in row and now a prime minister . 
  yet , he still holds exactly as much power despite holding two different government offices . 
  while medvedev still acts under him , despite being first prime minister , now president of russia . 
  everyone in europe knows he 's in practice a dictator , while his worshipers wo n't care . 
  i am ( and in eu ) and he pretty much summed up few of major issues . 
  hmh , i have somehow missed that . 
  ah well , point still stands . 
  guy is still a dictator , pretending to be democratically elected leader . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i 'm pretty sure most african countries never went communist . 
  nor socialist , by that matter . 
  well , someone buy a beer to that mod . 
  he 's actually doing his job in that wretched place . 
  only thing he managed to do is to remind us of that idiotic statement . 
  kinda hard to remember , considering nearly everything he says it 's always at least idiotic . 
  i truly do n't understand them supporting the guy . 
  they should as pissed , if not even more , as everyone else for defacing 9/11 memorial . 
  3000 people died that day , no matter do you believe in official story or that it 's government false flag operation . 
  it would kinda be silly to see them throw grenades while other civs do n't . 
  what the hell is with this guys having giant boners to foreign tyrannical warmongering leaders , yet absolutely despise their own leaders for doing some bad things ?!, 
  i do n't get that . 
  i can understand if you 'll blindly defend tyrant of your own country ( still retarded though ) , but this ?!, 
  why ? 
  up their white ass . 
  lucky you . 
  i do know that some time after d-day , us army pretty much order to destroy top of every tall building with tanks or artillery . 
  due to high possibility german snipers are hiding there .
