  well in that case tank can still be repaired and put back to service . 
  from november 2015 to may 2016 i worked in a refugee camp in croatia through red cross . 
  i was truly sickened how much perfectly fine clothes , shoes , blankets and other stuff were thrown away by red cross management . 
  ngo 's like red cross lacked manpower and required 100 's of people to work in the camp long term , which you could n't rely on volunteers . 
  so state came in and used it 's employment initiative program to hire unemployed people to work in the camp in my city . 
  i was hired through red cross . 
  even my mother got hired but for different organization , which i ca n't remember it 's name but it was run by city 's council . 
  i did mainly helping refugees to get off and get in the train , i delivered clothing , shoes and toys from warehouse to distribution centre and was sorting things out in order in same warehouse . 
  rarely i also gave food and water to refugees , as well supervised individual refugees going to the doctor . 
  it does looks like a work in progress prototype , so there 's that . 
  i laughed whole time , but then it lost me at 2:19 . 
  he fought in an germany imperial army in ww1 on the western front , not for austrian-hungarian imperial army . 
  attacking front and rear in ambush is a typical ambush tactic since start of 20th century . 
  you do not need to be taught by american military to know that . 
  shit , most arm general here were n't either . 
  yet we know , because knowledge of military tactics is a public knowledge thanks to the internet . 
  obviously they want to make a swing for journalist . 
  right guys ? 
  but you see , national socialist has a socialist in the name . 
  obviously bernie and trump are best ideological buddies , but damn clinton mafia had put a gun on poor bernie 's head to make him endorse hillary . 
  are n't all early voting polls closed now ? 
  another thing . 
  hillary clinton wants to abolish death penalty , as one of her many promised policies to pass . 
  bernie was pushing for death penalty abolition during the primaries , [ but after winning primaries ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/meet-the-press/first-democrats-platform-call-death-penalty-abolition-n605946 ) it had become clinton 's policy as part of sander 's endorsement for her . 
   the alt right , mensrights , ** gamergate ** and trumpsterfire subs are all pretty much in sync . 
  one is not like the others . 
  trump wants to start a war with iran just for iranian navy sailors flipping of us navy . 
  how the fuck is he not pro-war ?!, 
  also fucker wants to use nukes on isis !, 
  that 's insanity !, 
  yeah , he wants to out-do putin in terror bombing civilians . 
  i think by that point , even people who hate trump would say that because they want to bleach that memory off existence . 
  the top choices pretty much match my feelings . 
  gamergate pretty much stopped being a thing after a year ( which is amazing for a movement without real organization ) , when several major video game outlets did reformed properly and new outlets came up that follow proper journalistic ethics . 
  after that , people just stopped using the hashtag . 
  as well senate has 50/50 tie , but kaine as vp would break the tie so democrats rule the senate . 
  still , it would be better if kaine 's tie break is unnecessary , so you yanks better vote for democratic senators too !, 
  this is a good one . 
  it 's a final touch . 
  how does he think trump will win new york , illinois and new jersey , yet vermont stays blue ?!, 
  he might as well made california switch red while texas blue . 
  because it makes sense as much what he made . 
  get iowa and ohio blue !, 
  i have a bet to win !, 
  / r/gaming to the rescue, 
  holy shit you are one handsome guy . 
  political campaigning silence on election day is a standard practice in all democracies . 
  dumbasses !, 
  my bet is basically , clinton wins at least all states obama won in 2012 . 
  i 'm fairly confided clinton will win all swing states , with exception of those two . 
  i do n't even want to say what i have to do if i lose the bet . 
  obviously cia is rigging elections for evan mcmufinn !, 
  friend of mine who despises trump also thinks 4chan story was correct , but by the time i try to argue against it he started to come off he wishes for 4chan story to be true . 
  for comedy value . 
  it just hit me . 
  many people want for this fake story to be true , for entertainment value . 
  jesus , this is some seriously toxic mentality . 
  people do n't care for the truth anymore , they just want entertainment . 
  they technically did n't even started the process to leave . 
  do you mean kids like a kid or kids like a manchild ? 
  this can not be more true . 
  what nonsense . 
  german empire had a parliament that voted in representatives like in any normal democracy , only that kaiser had full executive power to overturn any decision . 
  by end of ww1 , democratic parties ( raging from conservatives to social democrats ) managed to force kaiser to fully abdicate in midst of german defeat in war and falling into civil conflict with german communists who nearly started a civil war in the country . 
  germans had experienced democracy since before the ww1 and had overwhelmingly accepted new democratic system . 
  they were not forced to have a democratic system by the entente . 
  because all slavs should be russian vassals , it is only natural . 
  but unlike turkey , us is a federation . 
  if trump get 's to the point to pass dictatorial laws , you can expect serious move of east and west coast states to secede from the union . 
  there is no freaking way states like california and new york would tolerate a dictatorship . 
  washington dc alone would go on full blown revolt , which would force trump to escape the capital or suffer retaliation . 
  i think those that intend to go to protest on inauguration should take a loot and get tips from ukrainian euromaidan revolution in kiev back from late 2013-early 2014 . 
  i severely doubt it will ever come to police nor private security forces to shoot at protestors in washington dc like in kiev , but things like physical intimidation , espionage , selective arrests and attempts to shut down access to internet in area to cripple protest organizations can very likely happen . 
  actually , it 's far worse then soviet era disinformation . 
  ussr did not survive to see what potential internet has for massive global disinformation campaign . 
  it is something putin 's regime realize and had exploited it to it 's full extent since start of 2014 . 
  and now other far-right populists are doing the same worldwide . 
  it 's quite scary and disheartening that the internet , a tool made for advocating , promoting and allowing free speech unmolested , is now a tool to destroy any sense of liberty . 
  trump trying to take over private media would be a catalyst of east and west coast states , especially new york and california , to start denouncing trump presidency and reject any federal laws proposed by trump 's administration . 
  also such move would break republican party permanently , cause many republican old guard and moderates will reject trump 's republican party . 
  but this all assumes trump is capable to take over republican party . 
  without overwhelming majority republican party support , in congress and senate that is , trump 's attempts to install dictatorship would be futile . 
  it 's worse just on basis alone it is effectively spreading beyond russian borders . 
  and also by fact it is done voluntarily by russian citizens . 
  in ussr , it was done by kgb and those directly involved in communist party . 
  but in putin 's russia , any schmock can be involved without compromising disinformation operation . 
  hell , scratch russian citizens , there are a lot of people not even of russian origin nor even directly nor indirectly tied with any russian agency to spread this disinformation machine . 
  and by involving bots , this monster that putin 's regime had created that works 24/7 in such widespread and massive capacity it puts any soviet disinformation programs to shame . 
  i 'll also add this , while i 'm at it . 
  western governments will get their act together in following years and will force major internet based corporations ( google , facebook , etc. ), 
  to completely change and gut down internet as we know it , to quell this monster . 
  if not outright shut down the internet if some similar alternative is created that can be put under control and regulations . 
  huh , that was actually somewhat appropriate bot response . 
  far left had played itself , really . 
  many of them are still thinking russia = ussr , while ussr is there to quell evil western capitalist imperialism !, 
  even though ussr was imperialistic itself in first place and even far worse then us during cold war . 
  putin really only had to do is give far left pointers and they would just obey that far-right populist reactionary ultranationalist , as if he was second coming of marxist or lenin . 
  at least that 's the case with european far-left . 
  i honestly do n't give a shit for his passive golden shower kink . 
  what i truly care about evidence about him conspiring with russia to aid him to win election and being blackmailed to do what putin says when president .
