  put misleading flair . 
  i know about the camp , just had no idea you knew people personally that were stuck in that hell hole . 
  you 're mixing ww3 with nuclear war . 
  damn . 
   `` a world war is a war involving some of the world 's most powerful and populous countries . 
  world wars span multiple countries on multiple continents , with battles fought in multiple theaters . '', 
  with that definition we had dozens of world wars already . 
  or just user was too damn lazy to fix it . 
  ok , we 'd have internet world war that 's for sure . 
  only there russians would get help from anti-western chinese . 
  hey look , an asshole compares an asshole with assholes . 
  croatian football federation . 
   why did you exclude sdp ? 
  they have a bunch of corrupt members in government positions , but party itself is not criminal organization like hdz . 
   my grenade key is c which is crouch in thief ... 
  this is why i always modify my keyboard commands . 
   these days , people just get noobs to be bag-boys in the sewers . 
  hey , it 's a useful work !, 
   well they are n't terrorists , they have a semi organized army , they have a `` state '' and their main tactic is n't to terrorize people to spread an ideology . 
  wait , you 're talking about dpr or isis ? 
  as well it forces dpr to wastes it 's troops and resources at the airport , instead of at delbetseve and maripoul . 
  also rubles make for good forts to defend from . 
  liberators , ladies and gentleman !, 
  and in general battle at the airport is n't about the airport , but to keep the pressure off maripoul and debeltseve . 
  airport itself is insignificant , as pro-russian forces are unable to have any airforce . 
  and even if they could , ukraine aa measures would obliterate any plane that could pro-russians potentially have with russian aid . 
  like i said before , real targets are are maripoul and debeltseve . 
  ukraine needs the airport to lay off the pressure from those cities until they are ready for new proper offensive against pro-russian forces , and pro-russian forces are damn aware of that and are desperate to capture the airport to stand a chance by the time summer rolls in . 
  cause , this is highly relevant to this subreddit . 
   the conflict has been going on for 1.5-2 years, 
  eeeh , no . 
  victory of euromaidan revolution has yet to have 1 year anniversary . 
  ok , this is actually kinda funny . 
  it has tanks . 
  it has battle . 
  i guess it 's epic if you 're that close to the battle . 
  i pretty much given up on discovering who 's controlling what at the airport . 
  i 'm just waiting for when battle is finally done and we finally discover what had happened . 
  can i get translation ? 
  tactical victories mean nothing without strategic victory . 
  well , that speaks volumes of dpr rule when people would prefer to be homeless then under their rule . 
  true enough . 
  you scroll down . 
  failed offensive ? 
  ukraine must have the same wizard cause ukraine took back the donetsk airport after pro-russians forces had full control several times0 . 
  at the very worst , he wo n't be able to walk for several weeks but still be back as good as new . 
  as long as he 's treated well , which is gon na happen . 
  it 's pretty foolish to do so in middle of fighting . 
   or if they continue with their use-as-little-as-possible-energy tactics like they normally do . 
  they always do that . 
  it 's rather frustrating to watch my team like that as they keep getting scored from stupid decisions . 
  well it 's a damn time we change that . 
  that came out of nowhere . 
  road leads to donetsk city , but that 's about it . 
  185 hours and only now i 'm infamy 2 . 
  how did you do it under 120 hours ? 
  what the hell is with people this day being so opposed to developers making money through dlc 's ? 
  kremlin can simply fuck off . 
  but they totally have nothing to do with the insurgents !, 
  since ukraine is not supplied by us weapons and it would be logistical nightmare to combine the use of us and soviet weapons , this video is most likely staged . 
  could have been privately bought ? 
  assuming it is recorded at the airport . 
  supermarket not far from the airport has similar architecture to the airport . 
  it was destroyed by the shelling and looting . 
  though , would have been better if survey is made . 
  none . 
  ukraine troops claim ridiculously high losses on pro-russian side , while pro-russian forces claim ridiculously low losses for themselves . 
  not true , most of troops are healed in ukraine . 
  though a big chunk is sent all over eu and canada . 
  bbc is getting ridiculously slow on reporting ukraine situation . 
  nobody is calling for peace . 
  kyviv post , along with russia today , should be banned from this subreddit . 
  the glorious liberator . 
  may we hope for the best results of the vote . 
  text based games existed since the begging of video gaming !, 
  and depression quest just had hyperlink it 's `` gameplay '' , having even less programming involved . 
  usa had a decisive military victory in iraq and afghanistan . 
  their defeats there were from poorly made political decisions during occupation . 
  i assume far-left in spain is preoccupied with actual real problems in spain . 
  does n't the `` allahu akbar '' joke ever get old to them ? 
  and croatia joining schengen area is postponed from this year to next year , due to recent terrorist attacks all over europe . 
  plus disdain between hoxton and houston was mostly , no . 
  only over petty reasons . 
  a very unwise move by the germany . 
  mexico was in no position to wage war with anyone , let alone usa . 
  and it only gave ammunition for the us to join ww1 against the central powers . 
  only once did i ever had a ~ ~ hacker ~ ~ cheater in my past nearly 200 hours of play time before anti-cheat system was added . 
  and two times did i got cheaters automatically kicked , both for having invalid masks . 
  man , i have to try this with my friends on day . 
  it 's so hilarious . 
  why would they ? 
  they got money from putin and can move on their own political agenda . 
  i do n't know why i said hacker , there . 
  so ukraine controls the airport after all ? 
  `` latest twitters '' would be more useful if it 's updated in real time , instead of needing to refresh entire page each time . 
  as well a link to posted tweets . 
  according to google translate , it means `` fuck-juice '' . 
  yeah , it 's a fake . 
  why thank you , you 're the first to notice . 
  except at stalinist communists .
