  well sherman is a death trap . 
  for whatever poor panzer 4 gets in it 's way . 
  i did not know there were damn many concentration camps . 
  still , damn . 
  i thought there were couple of dozen major camps , not ... jesus , 1,200 camps in germany and occupied countries ? 
  well i 'm horrified for the night , that 's for sure . 
  m1 garand master race !, 
  volkssturm is one of the most messed up things that a state did to it 's people . 
  yeah , me trilogy was never known for good animations . 
  not just facial animations , but general movement . 
  general movement animations in me : a are amazing , it 's just facial ones that are lagging behind in quality . 
  facebook is the worst place to talk about wars . 
  people have serious narcisism issues . 
  a secret german who put blackface on to save usa from embarasment , duh . 
  funny thing he is probably going home . 
  i remember watching `` seconds from disaster '' documentary on bismarck ( yeah , i have no idea why they did that ) and they said reason why bismarck 's aa missed biplanes it was due to ship 's crew being trained to shoot faster modern planes . 
  so they kept overshooting biplanes . 
  by the time they could adapt their aim , it was too late . 
  yeah but british just won a war for colonists and wanted some money as compensation . 
  hell most of brittain lacked representation , so colonies were not unique in that issue . 
  / uj honestly you should n't pre-order until you at least see gameplay footage or get to play beta/trial/demo . 
  i personally pre-ordered me : a only when 10 hour trial came out for the game . 
  people were saying bioware is dead since 2008 !!!, 
  get a grip people !, 
  mainly tactical inflexibilty by soviets . 
  pretty damn sure most world kicking the living shit out you fellas in ww2 makes you an automatic loser . 
  ok now i want to pre-order that game . 
  but fuck i am out of money for long while . 
  neither was germany ready for war , yet they came far by end of 1941 . 
  russia is incapable to wage war in syria and ukraine . 
  this is why they want donbas war frozen , to deal with syria first . 
  ukraine simply needs a right moment to attack . 
  to make `` rebels '' collapse too quickly for russia to properly retaliate while international community wo n't do anything more then send a few angry letters but not care in long term . 
   he 100 % held those beliefs , but he had to abandon a few of them to initially gain power . 
  remember , history is always written from the victor 's perspective . 
  so wait , hitler is now a victor too ? 
  at least those 4 did something useful for society , unlike those 4 internet celebrities . 
  the lack of statements from ea and bioware on sales makes me believe sales are n't impresive but not dissapointig either . 
  yes . 
  it is shockingly a fun and great game . 
  yeah , ea only makes sales statements when they are great or better and dissapointing or worse . 
  in between warrants no comment from them . 
  she is the strongest human biotic in andromeda galaxy . 
  one key reason i like peebee is that i can call her out on her bs . 
  just by simply not being railroaded to like her ( looking at you liara ) , i grown to like her . 
  only a handful of people know emperor palpatine is darth sidious . 
  i put rebels under quotations marks for that reason . 
  dude , just look at assad 's syria next door . 
  that 's what you get when you have a secular nationalist dictator . 
  country stuck in stagnation , over budget yet pathetic military , oppressive regime where 100 's to 1000 's go missing yearly and overall causes violent unrest that breeds rebellion and terrorism . 
  you do not want that , you truly do n't . 
  the whole `` benevolent dictator '' is just a myth and propaganda for dictator apologists of past and current dictators , as well to justify rise of wanna-be dictators . 
  minks ii has been routinely ignored and violated since implementation . 
  it is a broken and non-functional treaty . 
  killing it will only raise some noise but ultimately no consequences will happen out of it . 
  so casual male gamers are gamers , while casual female gamers are not gamers . 
  logic ? 
  kaiserreich mod ai n't that much more complicated then vanilla . 
  but man does game has branching global story . 
  mad baron leading modern mongol khanate is the greatest thing ever . 
  me : a has the most polarized reception from gaming communities in recent time . 
  there is absolutely no consensus . 
  no , this is an outright story and design reason . 
  it would have also been completely and utterly ridiculous for andromeda species to have own mass relays . 
   fact is that me1 feels like more of a game about exploration and first contact than mea . 
  in fact , to date shepard arguably has more first contacts than ryder . 
  you 're shitting me . 
  only way shepard has more of first contact experience is because he/she was written as a moron for player to learn about the new species , as well in return squadmates and other characters were mainly codex narrators then characters . 
  and me1 having better exploration ?!, 
  how in the world can you find planets that zero design input and it was all just randomly generated world maps with some copy/paste buildings/mines levels . 
  just take of those pink nostalgia glasses already , it 's been obnoxious since 2010 to listen to me1 's undeserved praise . 
  concept art are not early in-game design . 
  every game has concept art that looks better then what is actually put in game . 
  whole purpose of concept art is to give game developers an idea on what to put in game , not 100 % replicate !, 
  lack of banter is tied due to unread codex messages . 
  it is a bug , so simply mark all codex entries as read . 
  i actually got more characters banter in ng + , because in my first run i was n't aware of that bug . 
  i 'm talking about in-game universe lore . 
  also ftl in mass effect is n't even technically correct term , as it 's more like akin to warp jumps from star trek that does have scientific backing , in physics at least . 
  what i actually meant is that it was reapers who created mass relays in milky way . 
  to have mass relays in andromeda from get go would seriously raise red flags of copy/pasting met plot points or heavily cheapen reaper technological advancements . 
  first . 
   no , this is an outright story and design reason . 
  not my opinion , but a factual statement . 
  to consider a concept art a cut content is absolutely ridiculous . 
  second , while it is my opinion , it sure as hell would cheapen the experience if andromeda galaxy was just milky way 2.0 . 
  they might as well had made a reboot in that case . 
  no , this is completely and utterly different type of scientific field . 
  and because reapers had no interest in terraforming , we ca n't be sure how advance are the remnant in comparison . 
  do you pay attention to this game ? 
  ryder did not have first contact with angara . 
  the exiles at kadara port did . 
  angara resistance had foothold there , learned milky way species languages , so had everything auto-translated before hyperion even reached andromeda . 
   so the tempest and nexus people got a hold of that data how exactly ? 
  they did n't . 
  ryder does not understand their language until after he get 's scanned , implying heavily that they uploaded auto-translation to his/hers omni-tool . 
   and how come we understand the kett ? 
  sam manages to auto-translate kett language only after reaching aya , thanks to angara already knowing their language . 
  before that , just looking at eos pre-aya , you can find audio files from kett that lack translation and wo n't be translated until after reaching aya . 
   my point was , it 's ridiculous to believe that there are only two alien races in this game because we 're limited to heleos .
