  and yet some people here still hold their position that assad remaining to rule syria is a best long-term solution . 
  yeah , oli\u0107 should be be put on bench and used only in like last 30 minutes of game . 
  he 's a great player and one of my all time favorites , but he 's old now and being put to play from first minute is wasting a good ace . 
  this prototype ifv is designed for urban warfare and you generally avoid using tanks in an urban warfare . 
  so it 's defenses are against anti-tank weapons and grenades , while this ifv itself can give longer and closer support to troops in urban firefight . 
  assuming it will work and will it work cost-effective . 
   a squad of minor balotellis where nobody quite lives up to their potential, 
  ok , now that 's just a low blow regardless of being 100 % factually true . 
  propaganda by itself is not a bad thing . 
  appeal to emotion is also not necessarily a bad thing . 
  those are only bad when it 's used to mislead and deceive from facts , usually ( but not always ) for malicious reasons . 
  if the ruling government has n't attempted to violently end the mostly peaceful protests , opposition would n't have reason to take up arms in first place . 
  how about you stop making up dictionary terms out of thin air . 
   and that is a bad thing why ? 
  i do n't know , maybe the whole terror barrel bombing , systematic tortures and mass executions done by the regime have something to do with that . 
  tanks are still very useful by being very cost-effective on bombarding heavily fortified positions , as well to give accurate support to ground troops from distance . 
  sure , drones could that too but drones will missiles are pretty goddamn costly , and missiles even more so . 
  as for goliath style drone ? 
  that would only work if either mbt is stupidly or forced into urban warfare and/or has no infantry support that would destroy that drone without ever reaching that tank . 
  you say as if fsa does n't exist . 
   there is nothing to stop you from armoring a drone to a level where maching guns cant touch it . 
  there is , it 's call being too heavy to move or too slow so infantry troops can use explosives to destroy the thing without a fuss . 
  well those who defected are rather screwed when ukraine get 's crimea back . 
   but they were a bit lucky in '98, 
  too lucky !, 
  croatia should have been in the finals then . 
  not me . 
   croatia subs : ... oli\u0107, 
  kova\u010d finally realized he needs to be a sub , not to play from start . 
  ** edit *** # 1 *, 
  aaaaaand oli\u0107 was not called in game , while that fucking failure pjaca remained whole match . 
  what the fuck kova\u010d ? 
  i feel bad for celtic . 
  yes . 
  pletikosa was getting way to old for national team and he was severely under performing in his club for couple of years . 
  for which it 's no surprise he was the worst goalkeeper in world cup 2014 . 
  meanwhile suba\u0161i\u0107 was at his best form that year , performing even better this year . 
  kova\u010d relied way too much on aging veterans in wc , which he 's finally dropping now for more younger squad . 
  no extra time ?!, 
  that 's one rubbish referring !, 
  because ref is crap . 
  really , everyone but suba\u0161i\u0107 , pranji\u0107 , vrsaljko and \u010curluka was disappointing in this match . 
  i edited him in a minute later , when i thought about it little more . 
  come on iceland , make me happy after that terrible azerbaijan vs croatia match . 
  suba\u0161i\u0107 , \u010corluka , vrsaljko and pranji\u0107 were only ones that showed up today . 
  everyone else was mediocre at best , absolute horrible at worst . 
  he was rather mediocre . 
  at least he had a shot to goal among his many misses . 
  it was very uncharacteristic game for him . 
  what a clickbaity and misleading title . 
  one mp demanded this on his own and site sarcastically and insultingly rejected his demand . 
  video is still on the site and without any danger to be pulled out . 
  ~ ~ everything is still going as hoped . ~ ~, 
  never mind !, 
  i spoke too fucking soon . 
  and yet eu nations who have much stronger economy dare to say they ca n't afford to have a few 100 's refugees . 
   also , why is serbia a lake ? 
  hungary wanted to have a navy , so they sank entire serbia ? 
  azov bataljun je zapravo bez mrlje od ikakve kriminalne aktivnosti , jedna su od najiskusnijih i najefikasnijih ukrajinskih postrojba ( samo su padobranske postrojbe bolje ) , te imaju svoja oklopna vozila [ i \u010dak prave prototipna oklopna vozila za ukrajinsku vlast ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/3jdpxk/ukraine_today_exclusive_ukrainian_engineers/ ) . 
  and i do n't think kurds are capable to do that as they are focused on other fronts . 
  i remember that game . 
  i hated that match . 
  also from all bad shit trump shat out of his mouth , i do n't remember him being against same-sex marriage . 
   they offerred their properties in croatia from which they were expelled in 1995 and can not come back to this day, 
  they were n't expelled , they run away fear mass killings that never happened . 
  as well whoever was n't involved in killing expelling of civilians during their 1991 rebellion , was allowed to come back as long they could prove they lived there before . 
  because it 's a very poor region , most did n't return . 
  however this is a good offer they 're providing . 
  it 's their homes to which they 'll most likely wo n't return to . 
  might a well give to syrian refugees . 
  especially since croatian government is welcoming refugees . 
  even though it 's done from slightly malicious reasons to paint croatia as evil ones here , but hey refugees can at least have a proper home until they feel ready to return back to syria when war ends . 
  most refugees return to their home country after war ends and civilian life starts to go back to normal , though obviously a whole bunch will stay . 
  skyrim had over 70 voice actors , however for some reason most va 's they hired had very similar voices or va director completely botched the job . 
  yet hague cleared all croatian generals responsible for operation storm . 
  because mass killings did n't happen . 
   hundreds of civilians got killed and hundreds are still missing, 
  place was a warzone and serbian militias were defending in civilian areas . 
  majority of civilians died in crossfire or by inaccurate artillery shells . 
   some reports go to up to 2000 combined, 
  those kind of numbers are an absolute propaganda . 
   how can you say it did n't happen ? 
  because they were n't mass killings , but unavoidable cassulties of war . 
  of war , that i have to remind , was started by serbia under milo\u0161evi\u0107 + s dictatorial rule . 
  i do n't think he ever cared to coach russia , but could n't resist that massive paycheck . 
  macedonia , forever a disappointment in ex-yugoslav countries . 
   official number that everyone is agreed on is close to 1500 so it 's not far of . 
  [ according to wiki , serb civilian deaths are 214 by croatian claim while 1,192 serbian claim ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_storm ) . 
  so where do you get 1500 and 2000 numbers ? 
  because not even serbian government claims it 's either of those two . 
  [ and another thing , 132,707 out of 300,000-350 ,000 of serbs had registered to return to their homes , while 60-65 % of that are permanently residing in croatia . 
  and around 20-25k more are interested to come back ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_storm#return_of_the_refugees ) . 
  for supposed forced expelling , a lot of them are going back home and reason why rest ai n't coming back is due to very bad economical situation in that region . 
  also your claim about 25,000 homes being destroyed is an utter fiction , human rights watch estimated around 5,000 houses were destroyed in the area . 
  so how about you back up your claims with facts and not just downvote my posts . 
  scotland still has a chance , they 're only a point behind ireland for third spot . 
  i find it more interesting a redditor from this subreddit will be on that show with simon and oliver . 
  welp , was n't aware of that . 
  on 17th september we will see how appeal ruling will go . 
  it 's possible we get a point back .
