  and that 's why they made it like that . 
  i actually have a jacket that has a zipper for a fake pocket . 
  why ?!, 
  why would you do that ?!, 
  that 's just waste of materials . 
  they think holy land is in america , jesus and satan are brothers and black people are cursed by being black for being neutral in some massive holy war between jesus and satan . 
  that 's drastically different from the bible , like mormonism are nothing alike christianity . 
  only thing we share is we worship someone with a same name , but are different people . 
  i just did ? 
  also islam is different from christianity because they do n't consider for jesus to be a messiah , but instead just another great prophet . 
  which makes islam more in common with christianity , then mormonism . 
  if that does n't answers your question , then nothing will . 
  your question is then incredibly vague . 
  true , but photo is also in really bad shape . 
  that knocks down it 's value considerably , despite it 's historic uniqueness . 
  why would n't they love him ? 
  he mass murdered a bunch of russians , making kill to death ratio in georgian favour . 
  that 's how you win wars , right ? 
   from hitler 's perspective he had good intentions , and from marx 's perspective so did he . 
  hitler 's ideas fundamentally required extermination of `` inferior races '' . 
  marx , at the worst , implied killing people is one of available options for the cause , but it was optional not required . 
  marx 's ideas were not fundamentally evil , nor bad , while hitler 's were . 
  it 's just communist went ape shit evil with marx 's ideas . 
  then the should leave eu and stop taking in eu money , if they refuse to do eu responsibilities . 
  germany was not being unreasonable , poland simply needs to be committed to eu or leave . 
  it 's not that ba ... holy shit that 's 1741 divisions , what the hell how ? 
  and then he died and we can safely assume jon wo n't care in season finale nor in season 8 . 
  also it is a false premise too . 
  grrm is focused on writing books , both for main series and spin off . 
  he 's just slow at it due to age , as well he never enjoyed process of writing . 
  dragon glass and valyrian steel have no special effect against wights , those things are just `` living '' corpses . 
  they only go down if chopped to bits or set on fire . 
  dragon glass and valyrian steel are only means to fight the white walkers specifically . 
  killing a white walkers also kills a bunch of wights , that specific white walker had risen , so there 's a huge importance to shower white walkers with arrows made of dragon glass . 
  otherwise with wights dragon glass is far less effective then common iron and steel weapons , while valyrian steel is not more effective then normal steel . 
  she got cut out with every other magic related plot points d&d could have get away with . 
  it 's quite clear d&d only enjoyed sex and violence parts of the books . 
  i mean ... 
  i do n't disagree with them on that point , for once . 
  jon always uses valyrian steel . 
  and that bear needed to be set on fire , sliced by valyrian sword and then by dragon glass multiple times . 
  bear was too strong to be killed by a single stab . 
  grant 's mississippi river campaign was one of key union success that defeat confederacy . 
  both him and sherman understood that they needed to strategically cripple economy and industry of confederacy , instead of seeking a single decisive battle . 
  yeah , fuck me for paying attention for consistency and how it 's never disclosed that dragon glass can instant kill wights now too without anyone even mentioning that . 
  it just works , suddenly , without at least mentioning `` oh , it instant kills wights too '' . 
  can you just have a trial without a jury ? 
  his solution to it is to slash social benefits and cut taxes for the rich . 
  that 's only gon na cause more poverty !, 
  he 's not entertaining though . 
  like , for me he was entertaining last year only because i did n't closely follow republican primaries so i only watched the highlights , so best parts . 
  in short bursts , he was entertaining . 
  but full length of him is just an abomination . 
  memes and parodies about him are funny , but he himself makes me physically ill . 
  not person you replied you , but i 'm certain it is same as me . 
  i am very invested into the show for all these years that there 's no way i 'll stop watching when end of the show is so near . 
  even with all the shitty writing and violation of established universe rules , i got too far into the show to just stop watching . 
  i just want to see how it ends , but it wo n't make me remain critical . 
  after all future shows will take notes on got success , they should also know to not repeat same failings . 
  like never hire d&d to write your shows , for one . 
   jaime being brought ashore by bronn a great distance down stream, 
  yeah , i really hated that . 
  i knew jaime will survive and be rescued by bronn . 
  but , i fully expected they would resurface right next to or very close to drogon and daenerys , then getting captured shortly after . 
  that 's something that would have made sense and would have bring up interesting scenarios . 
  but noooooo , jaime and bronn escape in those condition like 100 's of meters away from the battle without drowning . 
  but you have to remember first harry potter book and movie were originally meant for kids , not really for adults . 
  sure series got more mature and darker as it continued , but it 's very first book and movie audience grown up over the years as the series progressed . 
  game of thrones was right on the bat meant to be for adults , so it 's not really a good comparison to be made . 
  well it is philosophy , it is just terible one . 
  i 'm sure there 's at least one worse . 
  just as bad as hitler too . 
  fupa is still too small to go against big corporations that can mobilize army of lawyers on a whim . 
  he earns like 10k a month , as above posters stated . 
  this guy is living a comfortable life by being himself , somehow . 
  also the night 's watch was afraid that if jon snow failed to beat the bolton 's , ramsay would come to castle black and destroy night 's watch forever in a reprisal . 
  so they killed jon out of duty and fear in book , not because they were racists like in show . 
  and to add to it . 
  his death in show is so far meaningless . 
  it 's hardly ever brought up and it did n't affect jon as a character either . 
  only use it had so far it gave a legal loophole for him to leave the nights watch . 
  6 times actually , and we only see him resurrected one in show and books . 
  yes , we pretty much seen his last resurrection . 
  guy kind of sucked at not getting himself killed , hell he got killed by the mountain twice !, 
   bran ca n't sire children, 
  wait what , why not ? 
  it 's his legs that do n't work , not his ... actually this is weird to discuss because he 's still a minor . 
  also from minor characters , jon 's friends grenn and pypar are still alive and well in the books . 
  unlike in show where they died during freefolk attack on castle black . 
   guy is kinda bitter and grouchy though . 
  i guess that 's where his characters come from . 
  no wonder why i ca n't stand that game 's characters . 
  why would you want for nikolaj to play a role of a boring and emotionless character ? 
  hell i 'm still in clash of kings , yet i know quite a lot of things that happened by the end of dance with dragons . 
  i 'll be more shy about the winds of winter spoilers when that book is out . 
  that was just lame . 
  there was a massive build up for that battle , yet they just cut to `` ceaser won ! '' . 
  that would be like we had entire season 2 of got building up to battle of blackwater only for right before battle starts , we cut to tywin lannister declaring victory . 
  yes i know i stole that example from [ history buffs ] ( https://youtu.be/fdtmghcvwgg?t=1418 ) , but it was just perfect way to show how jarringly bad it was . 
  a lot of people though it did happened for many years .
