   at least the russians are getting a fireworks display for their devaluation . 
  ... how 's that a good thing ? 
  damascus will fall sooner then this airport . 
  so this look more like a complete operational saa failure , then pyhrric tactical victory from what we thought earlier . 
   i 'd just take the safe road and ban the team from the competition, 
  that 's a giant extreme measure there . 
  nah , bioware will just fuck up that game royally . 
  overly ambitious project with developers not being able to agree on major design decisions . 
  ea gave maxis a lot of time and money for spore , yet maxis screwed it up all by themselves . 
  ... iraqi troops liberated parts of ramadi few hours ago . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  and who had lost the war , left germany in complete ruins , millions of germans dead and with mass loss of territory from pre-war borders . 
   the saa tactics seems so incompetent . 
  have they always been this shit ? 
  yes , ever since the start of the war and assad refuses to allow any reforms . 
  that 's impossible kill to death ration to be done by regime . 
  and it had never happen . 
  only way to improve saa is when you remove assad family from power . 
  but that would go against russian stance to support assad regime , as well would lose any international support from other countries run by dictators . 
  russia is overall in lose-lose situation , due to their reckless policies and poor long term planning . 
  alliance of convince , more like . 
  syrian or russian helicopter ? 
  you talked about hitler . 
  and stalin 's only real contribution to the war was to allow general zhukov to take charge of soviet army campaigns . 
  which to be a bit fair , was a massive deal considering how massively paranoid stalin was . 
  they know us and swiss criminal investigation is about to knock on the door for more and bigger arrests . 
  ethic committee is likely trying to save fifa organization as a whole by eliminating big fishes who 's days of rule are being counted down . 
  it 's not like this is a staged event , this is truly an honest work of syrian footballers to get this far . 
  i fully expected for this to happen , but not so soon . 
  poor guy should n't have been involved in this war . 
  well , duh ? 
  if nato does n't defend it 's members from being potentially attacked by other country , whole alliance would just collapse and die . 
  regime has almost no control of syrian border with turkey . 
  most of the border with turkey is controlled by rebels , kurds and isis . 
  if you think russia can somehow fund a proxy war within saudi arabia , you 're utterly delusional . 
  and how in the world do you think they can send all that shipment to iran , as well iran to send that shipment to yeman without anyone noticing the whole thing ? 
  usa and every other western country with close ties with saudis ? 
  iraq and iraqi kurdistan had purchased croatian arms , while jordan has purchased croatian arms too that is sending to rebels . 
  it 's not about caring , it 's about being goddamn impossible task . 
  western world will block any attempt of russian arms into saudi arabia to possible rebels , while giving full support to saudi government . 
  original post , deleted now , was talking about arming rebel groups in saudi arabia . 
  and even with hautis in yemen , it 's impossible . 
  saudi arabian navy is effectively blocking any supplies to yemeni rebels through sea . 
  this is a unreliable source . 
  except that would be an open deceleration of war on saudi arabia , us ally . 
  also , how in the world could russian navy come to yemen ? 
  nato dominates mediterranean , north sea and atlantic ocean . 
  as well russian pacific navy will have to go through korean and japanese controlled sea , also us allies . 
  and i have i massive doubts egypt would allow russian navy go through suez channel , regardless of their closer diplomatic ties . 
  egypt would risk too much with that act . 
  so you 're utterly delusional to think russian navy can ever reach saudi arabian navy without retaliation . 
  heretics are just plain silly folk . 
  because true red line for nato is when genocide is being committed . 
  once more regime indirectly aids isis . 
  now with putin 's approval . 
  reminds me of time when i played max payne 3 while i was torturing my old pc . 
   his blazing sword lightbringer : need i even say ? 
  i 'm confused , can you elaborate ? 
  when i given up and stop caring , now croatia starts kicking ass ? 
  you love torturing me , do n't you ? 
  what was minute of silence about ? 
  sramota . 
   if saa and russia can maintain the momentum and take idlib, 
  that 's never gon na happen unless russian military is one doing the whole thing . 
  it 's an alliance of connivance , really . 
  they both fight the regime and they 're both more likely to find a political solution post-war then with assad . 
  and fighting with islamists would only weaken them and strengthen the regime . 
  after so many years of following and rooting for my country , this is first time i just truly do n't care we 're winning . 
  we really do n't deserve to qualify . 
  kova\u010d is inexperienced . 
  \u010ca\u010di\u0107 is experienced only with failures . 
   putin really suprised me how quickly he will ditch his warriors . 
  i 'm surprised you are surprised . 
  putin is a total cynic with no empathy , ofcourse he just ditched his pawns when they were no longer of any use to him . 
  oh that would be a must watch match . 
  what the fuck , explain !!!, 
  explain !, 
  russia is bombing mostly fsa , very few strikes had went against isis . 
  anyone who thought the rumors were true , this is why you ca n't be taken seriously . 
  because group i has 5 teams , instead of 6 like every other group . 
  so overall , rebels and regime merely exchanged territory , while isis is on losing streak with exception of some significant gains from rebel retreat from bad strategic position . 
  a reminder that war is not over . 
  truce is mainly holding as neither side wants or is able to go on proper offensive just yet . 
   `` i think it is horrible , '' trump said of the incident . 
  `` but they 're saying it was n't them . 
  the other side says it is them . 
  and we 're going to go through that arguing for probably for 50 years and nobody is ever going to know . 
  probably was russia . '', 
  what a joke . 
  this nothing but slander against donald trump . 
  ... fuck , i just sided with trump for a moment . 
  only nusra group is attacking kurds in aleppo from the rebel coalition . 
  so in other words , russian plans are pretty bad . 
  would be a massive blow if rebels manage to destroy russian planes still on ground . 
  especially with this incredibly ambitious project . 
  but those loses would bite them hard in long term anyway . 
  it 's rather hard to just simply ignore 100 's of millions of dollars worth loss of planes , equipment and staff . 
  simply put , it would n't be cost-effective for russia to stay in that airbase , if rebels can continue pounding that airbase . 
  if it happens , we do n't know is it happening nor will it happen . 
  source on that one ?
