  croats were saviors of christian europe from muslim turk invasion . 
  if we ignore croatian overlords austrians and their minions hungarians and bohemians , with huge contributions by holy roman empire and poland to stop ottoman invasion . 
  yeah , just a silly centuries old patriotic propaganda . 
  croats contributed a lot , but not to nearly as much as it 's been said in our history books . 
  [ they did n't leave , they were kicked out of malaysia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_republic_of_singapore#independence_of_singapore ) . 
  though if palestinians ai n't real and is just invented , then who are this said palestinians ? 
  is there an explanation on that , or circlejerk ends on that note ? 
   at one point they used the ` napoleon lost at waterloo because he had a sore bottom ' argument . 
  wait , ai n't some people saying the same only for general lee during gettysburg ? 
  so palestine is basically awesome ? 
  they had over 7 years of development . 
  7 years !, 
  not even the old republic , the damn mmo , got that much development time . 
  and ea acquisition maxis 3 years before spore got into development . 
  how the fuck ea ruined it ? 
  and then the pope francis will brush off the bullets , thanks to the protection of the christ himself , and slap the holy crap out of his assassins . 
  well , i guess i have an idea on my next crusader kings 2 game . 
  oh no , croatia is sick of bronzes . 
  we want the damn european gold , already !, 
  but yeah , iceland got demolished by denmark . 
  and that scares me a bit , since your b-team did demolishing . 
  ftfy, 
  that 's what happens when you 're rebelling to leave the crown . 
   the usa stormed the easiest beaches on d-day , ** omaha being defended by ` like three old guys with ww1 rifles ' ** , whilst the canadians faced off against three panzer divisions . 
  did ... did they never at least watched saving private ryan ? 
  well , not as crusader kings 2 expansion . 
  but as it 's own standalone game with gameplay focusing on that time frame , it can work . 
  what 's next ? 
  they deny nanking massacre ? 
  i think he routed nearly all of enemy army , only for his last unit to rout in final moments to win battle . 
  smells too prerender . 
  greece never had protests nor riots in the scale and not even close to civil war , like ukraine and syria . 
  as well neo nazis got very few seats in parliament and are now kicked out of it , due to criminal activity they were exposed . 
  hungary is way worse , when it comes to neo nazis being in power in government . 
  occupy is nowhere near close to influence anything , while tea party is very much pro-establishment and has huge power within republican party . 
  syria is almost completely devastated , stale mate for whole war until recent couple of months assad 's forces are having small momentum of victories , syria forced to remove it 's wmd 's and assad will highly likely be wanted to be prosecuted for war crimes by hague . 
  yeah , it does n't look like assad is benefiting from his dumbass move to brutally oppress moderate protestors . 
  assad 's days are numbered , only question is exactly when and how . 
   do n't you just love main us stream media ? 
  ftfy, 
  seriously , us mainstream media sucks !, 
  this wo n't be much of the civil war unless large parts of police and military defects on protestors side . 
  and so far police is very pro-government for various reasons ( scared for their jobs/lives and/or highly corrupt and/or closeted neo-nazis and etc. 
  ) , while military proclaimed to be neutral but i doubt it 's gon na stay like that if civil war starts . 
  tea party loves to claim it 's anti-government , but in reality they 're very pro-government . 
  only thing they resemble to be anti-government , is by being anti-obama . 
  it 's because tea party lives in fantasy world and does n't realize us government is doing exactly what they want , for the most part . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i was a while ago very pro-tea party , though that changed once i realized how much they changed and become very thing i opposed . 
  not well known with ukrainian private weapon ownership , but i can safely assume many have handguns and/or semi-automatic pistols and some likely have hunting rifles . 
  but most likely those are minority of ukrainian populace , while also doubtful many have any sort of combat training . 
  so without police and army , who have combat training , mass amount of semi-automatic and automatic weapons , heavy equipment , tanks , helicopters and jets , protestors would get doomed in short-lived civil war . 
  except that earlier this month investigation was done and discovered that irs did n't politically target tea party and other political parties were under irs watch as much as tea party . 
  well john oliver could have been his perfect replacement , if hbo did n't hire him for his own show . 
  how do you use science to determine historical accuracy ? 
  and science of what ? 
  ftfy, 
  dunno , in hoi2 i always conquer british isles before bothering with the soviets . 
  and in another angle , you would see serbia . 
  just staring at croatia , jealous of our beautiful sea . 
  and for going to brazil instead of them , as well . 
  wo n't be enough to stop croatian train for it 's euro gold !, 
  \u0160okantno !, 
  well we all must suck then , since victoria 3 does n't exist . 
  is civil war a real possibility or it 's an exaggerated assumption ? 
   not sure i believe this at all , not least because the 72 olympics was n't exactly a happy one . 
  considering chechen threats , we 're quite likely to get the same atmosphere as in 1972 . 
  warning , i was doing lot 's of meta-gaming strategies and exploited game mechanics in hears of iron 2 , all expansions and fully patched without mods that affect game mechanics . 
  well before even starting ww2 , right after getting austria invade hungary , romania , bulgaria and yugoslavia . 
  they get easily crushed so early even with sending only few infantry divisions and 1-2 tank divisions and nobody gives a damn . 
  after conquering each , liberate them all but yugoslavia and making them my puppets . 
  with that i have allies that give me part of their resources and ic and are as advanced as germany . 
  yes , when you liberate a nation in hoi2 , it get 's all of your technologies for free . 
  after that intervene in spanish civil war by attacking both republicans and nationalists . 
  this time send more military forces , but still quite easy to win with only few divisions to send . 
  though win war as quickly as you can . 
  after winning i liberate and puppet nationalist spain , who is now as advanced as germany while giving some resources and ic to it and will attack france when ww2 starts to force them in two front war . 
  though you need to win spanish war quickly , so puppet nationalist spain can build significant army to not get steam rolled by france and uk . 
  though to be sure , keep some troops in spain too , to assist against british amphibious invasions . 
  after that you wait and building my armies and navy . 
  you need lots of transport and supply ships , just for invading uk . 
  as well build significant navy just to protect transport ships . 
  also make sure to have paratroopers and transport planes , so you force out allies from coastal defenses ( also note they 'll very likely manage to get some troops in spain , making them have even less troops in uk to defend it ) . 
  with that , make shit ton of tanks and infantry . 
  which you 'll build extra more , thanks to puppet ic and resources . 
  oh and a few strategic and tactical bomber divisions will help . 
  when ww2 starts , just do as game is expected to be played ( steamroll through poland , then later denmark and norway , then go through belgium and netherlands to crush the french ) plus holding out in nationalist spain . 
  once france is dealt with , mass troops on french coast and park your navies near the coast . 
  once ready to invade , block access of royal navy with your navy to attack your transports and send in paratroopers . 
  make sure to have a foothold in uk to massively put your divisions in uk . 
  after that , uk should n't stand a chance in britain . 
  once conquering all of british isles ( get ireland too ) , liberate and puppet all states there ( england , wales , scotland and ireland ) to not deal with partisans so you can have only a few troops in brittan to defend when allies manage to organize mass invasion to liberate it . 
  after that , move nearly all of your free troops to ussr border fast . 
  some should be send to assist italy in africa ofcourse ( but with britain captured , italy should n't have too much of a trouble ) , but majority of your forces must be at ussr . 
  after that , it 's all up to you . 
  all i can say now is to somehow defeat soviets before usa mobilizes properly to attack you in africa , spain and british isles . 
  and if you managed to defeat soviets before massive ally counter-invasion , you pretty much won the game by then and only challenging thing left is to invade usa itself . 
  well most people do tend to play historically plausible and most discourage metagame strategy i did ( note i did n't created that strategy , someone else did and i done it myself ) . 
  heck , nobody thinks to invade those countries , since most them would become your allies through game events anyway . 
  oh and do note to not attack greece , as that will cause ww2 to start early .
