  atomic bombs were really the best course of action , considering japan 's unwillingness to unconditionally surrender . 
  germany capitulated months before first atom bomb was tested on new mexico desert . 
  berlin was in fact the first target for atomic bomb , from the very start of manhattan project . 
  terror bombing was not considered a war crime nor a crime against humanity at the time . 
  for example , not a single german was prosecuted for terror bombing london . 
  it was like operation overlord , only 4 times bigger . 
  with sherman tanks using white phosphorus smoke screens in urban areas . 
  with japanese civilians forced to charge at american soldiers with bamboo sticks . 
  with many flamethrowers to lighten up many caves in japan , whatever or not was it used by military or civilians or both . 
  operation downfall would have been the most brutal military operation , on same level as every military operation that happened in the eastern front . 
  they feared atom bombs would cause military to become obsolete , not because they genuinely thought atom bombs were unnecessary . 
  this is especially obvious with macarthur who wanted for manchuria to become a nuclear wasteland during korean war and it was president truman , guy that ordered only two ever dropped nukes on habited areas , who said fuck no and fired macarthur for continuously insisting that course of action . 
  on top of that , generals wanted for atomic bombs to be used during operation downfall . 
  reality is , military generals were just scared shitless their jobs would become obsolete due to atomic bombs . 
  when it become clear that would n't happen , they embraced nuclear weapons . 
  i had no idea about that part . 
  jesus , a failed coup was bad enough . 
  but failed coup due to lack of communications , not due to two atom bomb dropping ? 
  imperial japan was even more insane then already i thought . 
  that was a pretty shit title , good thing you forced to change it . 
  current title is rather funny . 
  marrying your first cousin is a normal thing in westeros ( as well was in real medieval times ) . 
  tywin lannister for example married joanna lannister , and they were first cousins . 
  being with first and second cousin did n't got classified as an incest until modern times . 
  damn , i forgot about him . 
  i wonder will they try to get wilko johnson back to portray him , but he is still recovering from narrowly surviving late stage pancreatic cancer . 
  hmh , true . 
  not considered as cousins , but in terms of having romance and intimate relationship it 's on same incest level as first cousins . 
  and also to be fair , ambushes do generally last that long . 
  he had no intentions to survive the charge . 
  only wanted to take down daenerys along with him . 
  nah , arya looks a lot like like a lyanna stark , not like a catelyn tully whom littlefinger truly desires . 
  she did n't destroy all the food . 
  she only destroyed the front column , denying an escape with supplies without defeating her army first . 
  rest of convoy is intact . 
  also reason why she did that is to avoid friendly fire dothraki troops , who got stuck on lannister-tarly shield wall and spears . 
  fire from rear routed lannister and tarly forces or put them on fire . 
  all to avoid prolonged engagement of light calvary on spearmen . 
  but those sort of helmets are historically accurate . 
  it was all about efficient head protection . 
  also bronn is right next to him , because he saved jaime from dragon . 
  so bronn will save jaime from drowning . 
  as well in episode 5 trailer , we see daenerys offering lannister soldiers to bend the knee and join her side , so very likely jaime will become her prisoner after bronn rescuing him . 
  also people forget that bronn is literary right next to jaime . 
  he will save jaime from drowning . 
  he did n't risk his own life from dragon fire just to let jaime drown seconds later . 
   jaime still needs rescuing , but it 's not unrealistic . 
  and bronn is right next to jaime . 
  he will rescue jaime from drowning . 
  how the hell people forget bronn just saved jaime from dragon fire and fallen in water with jaime . 
  and bronn has nothing more then a leather armour . 
   horse archers who are impossible to defeat, 
  no , mongol horse archers were beatable . 
  it 's just that mongols ruffle stumped eastern european medieval kingdoms who lacked heavy infantry and calvary in significant numbers . 
  once mongols got got deeper into central europe , heavy armoured infantry and calvary was more common and mongols had to depend more on their heavily cavalry . 
  while they had plenty of heavy calvary and was truly fearsome , central european medieval kingdoms had more of them . 
  and mongols could n't easily replenish their lost calvary due to massive distance from mongolia . 
  huns were also similar in that , with it that ancient/early medieval european tribes stood no chance and both roman empires were under decline while their military started to depend more on light infantry to be able to afford to hold their large territories . 
  also heavy armour , especially plated armour , simply can not be penetrated . 
  you need to get lucky to hit one of weak spots on armour , that allow flexibility and mobility for it 's wearer . 
  heaving a shield also makes it even harder for archers . 
   so she could 've started a forest fire and just killed them all that way ? 
  dothraki would be unable to fight in forest though . 
  as well remember , even aegon the conqueror needed an army to conquer most of westeros . 
  dragons alone are not enough . 
  it really would have been better if d&d were to explain how much time had passed between scenes . 
  massive time jumps within same episode , especially within same/similar looking location , are just very jarring and confusing for viewers . 
  also daenersy has no generals by her side either . 
  ser barristan selmy is dead , greyworm is very far in westerlands , jorah mormon is somewhere on his way to daenerys ( but she has no idea about that ) , theon greyjoy was presumed dead , jon snow is still not her ally and tyrion lannister only war experience was defence of king 's landing and had lost daenerys trust on leading the war after catastrophic failures by losing iron islands , dorne ( how the fuck they lost them is beyond me ) and the reach . 
  we may have seen randyll tarly dropping into water to put fire out of him in one scene , but i 'm not certain that was him . 
  dickon tarly was last seen alive and without any indication he was killed nor wounded , so most likely we will see him alive . 
  probably bending the knee to daenerys . 
  i 'm betting randyll will refuse and be killed , making dickon take over the reach and switch to daenerys . 
  so looks like ollena is once again having a last laugh , as now tarlys will become what they hated . 
  to be like tyrells . 
  none of the named characters died on screen . 
  i knew about that part . 
  imperial japan was fucked up yo . 
  my wild guess is , arya get 's shipped to kings landing , has a face of sandor clegane and challenges the zombie mountain into a duel . 
  nah , that 's not a snow platform . 
  that 's the white walker leadership on zombie horses , leading their ice zombie horde . 
  let 's bully him out of social media now !, 
  that 's a huge stretch . 
  littlefinger could n't have foreseen bran accidental catching jaime and cersei fucking , then jaime throwing him out of the window and only then send an assassin to kill bran . 
  did n't jaime deny he sent an assassin , while admitting he did thrown bran out of window to catelyn ? 
  also i doubt jaime had enough time to dress up as normal lannister soldier after narrowly surviving dragon fire and drowning . 
  lf claims he lost knife to tyrion at a tournament when loras tyrell beaten jaime . 
  that tournament happened long before king robert even visited winterfell , let alone when jaime pushed bran out of window . 
  `` bron will face something bigger then ever he had faced before ! '', 
  `` unsullied ? '', 
  that guess was way off the mark . 
  to be fair to dickon , he did saved jaime 's life too from that dothraki . 
  that tournament happened after attempted assassination on bran . 
  and loras beaten the mountain then too , not jaime . 
  now that i think of it , loras was a fucking badass . 
  he beaten both jaime and the mountain . 
  and he was still pretty young and far from his prime . 
  yeah , you do need to re-watch or to pause a video to notice who actually saved jaime . 
  while it would have been nice for dickon to save jaime from a drogon , well , bronn needs a goddamn castle . 
  the book casterly rock yes , show casterly rock would be an insult to bronn .
