  meanwhile i hope turkey pulls something against netherlands . 
  honestly , i 'll find it hilarious if czechs and iceland qualify directly and netherlands has to go as runner-up . 
  nothing against netherlands , i like their team , but having two underdogs qualify directly to euro over a world cup third placer ? 
  now that would be awesome . 
  well schildenfeld might score another goal then . 
  pletikosa should have retired much earlier . 
  nah , you can still beat italy . 
  at least i hope so . 
  ohohoho , i love this . 
  fuck you !, 
  i hate you for reminding me for that match . 
  why would they do that ? 
  picture posted is old . 
  i 'm not exactly often in this subreddit so i doubt i can remember when and where did i seen this exact picture before , let alone find it somewhere in my browser history ( beheading is something i avoid for most part ) . 
  i 'm sure somebody else will be able to provide original source . 
  i was n't aware vatican has nukes . 
   you would think that they 'd stop being quite so stupid after a few years , just because of natural selection, 
  that 's not how natural selection works . 
  i feel bad for that guy next in line . 
  this is the stupidest thing i ever heard in this subreddit . 
  this republican/netanyahu garbage rhetoric should be banned . 
  that actually never happened at stalingrad . 
  and turned bosnia into dysfunctional state waiting to explode in future . 
  somewhere out there , austrians and slovenians are crying . 
   `` sucking more ass than jb '', 
  please tell me you did not got that insult recently . 
  i meant in a way that justin beiber is so damn irrelevant for ages and no bones are left to beat that dead horse now . 
  some people really need to learn to move on . 
  only thing china would be interested into is dpr 's coal , but they 're already getting massive amount of coal from australia . 
  meanwhile only way china would get dpr 's coal is with trains through russia with limited amount of railways , instead of far more cost efficient cargo ships that have no obstacles from australia to china . 
  and still , china is slowly trying to get rid of it 's coal dependency . 
  so why the hell would china go through all the trouble to get dpr 's coal ? 
  which is also minor amount of coal that would meet china 's coal demand . 
  just replace it with red dead redemption . 
  ** 1998 - small nation croatia wins third place in it 's world cup debut . 
  oh man , there has to be a video of this . 
  i do n't know , merkel is utterly stubborn . 
  yes , but we were still a major underdog in that world cup . 
  also now that i think of it , crushing germany 3:0 in quarter-finals would have been a bigger top thread . 
  oh man the disbelief among german fans , would have been glorious to read . 
  as well major hate christian woerns would have received for getting red carded so early in game . 
  dlc mini-game confirmed ? 
  / r/tumblrinaction in my / r/croatia ? 
  it will fail . 
  it 's a question of when and how , not will it . 
  as half a decade bioware social network user , guy is is beyond a prick . 
  but i 'm shocked he actually apologized for this , so kudos to him . 
  aaaah , the golden age when bsn had fun and creative meme comics . 
  i miss those times . 
  i know , i was told about his history . 
  and i 've experienced his dickish attitude . 
  no , they still have government help . 
  it 's just much more limited compared to what standing army gets . 
  it 's own . 
  no doubt . 
  bioware is way too friendly and too protective with their employees . 
  what the fuck playstation has to do with this game ?!, 
  game is developed by dice , owned by ea , for all platforms . 
  sony has nothing to do with this , so why give thanks playstation ? 
  i was burned too hard to the ground after i took me3 hype train ticket . 
  but that would mean human race is not super duper awesome and better then anyone because we are diverse or some shit like that . 
  bioware will never do that . 
  when was xerib hisq liberated ? 
  i guess [ battle of vukovar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_vukovar ) is a better comparison . 
  though there defenders lost , but inflicted heavy losses to aggressors . 
  there should still be a law to not allow this practice in general . 
  yep . 
  until you react infamy v , this is a must have skill in my book . 
   if you only knew the amount of effort i 'm putting in to trying to make my new femshep look not white ... 
  why thank you , you managed to find for me even worse femshep fanboy . 
  what the hell did poroshenko 's government did to be facist and monstrous ? 
  hype !, 
  i do n't even care for french league and i 'm hyped for it now !, 
  man i need slow down version or still snapshot , because i still ca n't see was if offside or onside . 
  politicians 101 . 
   i 'll give you one thing though : franz ferdinand being shot in the balkans led to wwi ... 
  that has nothing to do with balkanization term either ? 
   enslaved for 500 years . 
  that was n't exactly the case . 
   the socialist federal republic of yugoslav . 
   there was never such thing . 
  [ yes there was ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_federal_republic_of_yugoslavia ) . 
  ** edit *** # 1 *, 
  wait , i just noticed it 's yugoslav , not yugoslavia . 
  that 's a weird mistake . 
  pretty sure it was first balkan war as bulgaria , greece and serbia fought to secure their independences and fought to liberate their people from ottoman empire . 
  also caused for austria-hungary to annex bosnia from ottomans illegally . 
  ww1 caused for slovenia , croatia and bosnia to leave austro-hungarian empire , which collapsed after it 's defeat in ww1 , as unified state of slovenes croats and serbs . 
  though due to italian expansions to get territory promised by allies to join war against central powers , did shortlived state shs allowed itself to be annexed by serbia and create yugoslavia . 
  then to skip long , complicated , dark and screwed up history up to 1990 , yugoslavia collapsed and countries we have today were formed and bloody wars ensued because milo\u0161evi\u0107 was a warmongering genocidal power hungry cunt . 
  now we got balkanization term to come to it 's true fruition . 
  my gibberish and oversimplification aside as i 'm half-asleep atm , imperialism and forced pan-nationalist unions are bad and balkanization is a slur created by cunts who wants huge mega-countries and screw people 's rights for self-determination . 
  i should go to sleep now and not rant about this in wrong subreddit about it now . 
  better then a sultan wanna-be . 
  netherlands finally wins world cup . 
  best part , all japan needed to do is to back off from french indochina and stop any more expansions into china , and usa would have stopped it 's embargo . 
  usa would have been content enough if japan just stopped there , not even to back off from entire china . 
  nope , japan attacks pearl harbor . 
  some people really love their dictators , they make golden statues of them . 
   at least liberal crazies are n't in control of the democratic party,
