  [ oh wait , it did happen !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovan_independence_referendum,_1991 ), 
  i guess nuke-trigger-happy ghandi . 
  i heard somewhere he was leaning towards islam , by a lot . 
  but unsure was that him or one of other founding fathers . 
  could n't know , as most thinks i know about them is from this subreddit . 
  well that 's ... very little actually . 
  for a country , that is . 
  well right sector idiotic actions are indirectly supporting kremlin . 
  they could n't even get serbia to vote , nation that they have strong brotherly bonds since 19th century . 
  if they thought about that , this would be a small symbolic loss that serbia did n't support them . 
   the assassination of sasha beliy was idiotic ( assuming it was ordered by the government ), 
  pretty sure they tried to arrest him , but he was resisting with a gun . 
  even after they shot him to leg . 
  visina . 
  - rich, 
  you ca n't have both . 
  croatia is on `` rich '' part of map , for some damn reason . 
  and now that i 'm rechecking it , so is bosnia . 
  that country is on the top 5 list of poorest european countries . 
  plus it would give stability to ukraine much quicker , if there 's no 2nd round of voting . 
  poroshenko with vitali 's support will most likely win now , unless yulia makes some drastic and huge spin to her advantage . 
  you mean cnn is damn obsessed by that damn plane ? 
   bistar, 
  sounds like they 're talking out of their ass , once again . 
  russian current mobilized army would steamroll ukraine 's disorganized and emptied out forces , while new government still struggles to keep order in entire country . 
  longer russia waits , longer ukraine has time to fix it 's issues . 
  of those two , only yulia has a chance to win . 
  but with vitali leaving the race and supporting poroshenko instead , yulia needs to do miracles to even get to 2nd voting round against poroshenko . 
  what a shock !, 
  wait , canada is an initiator but not the us ? 
  abraham would be proud . 
  i read them , but usually just skim them . 
  well that 's one way to fix crimean crisis , romania . 
  well today i managed to get 10k comment karma . 
  yay for useless internet points !, 
   a product of old people nostalgia, 
  here 's your answer . 
  i know r5 is required , but even i would n't be able to explain what 's wrong with it . 
  it just makes no goddamn sense . 
   submitted 17 hours ago, 
  took them long enough to violate another treaty . 
  suck it / r/serbia !, 
  when they have apartheid style laws against palestinians , it should n't be surprising people all over the world find offense in that . 
  and i 'm stealing it for flair . 
  well that 's good . 
  hah , it 's been a while since i 've seen something awesome from russia . 
  splendid move fellas , i hope you avoid getting caught and jail time . 
  ~ ~ what 's trp ? ~ ~, 
  shit , second after i posted that i realized it 's / r/theredpill . 
  we kinda did n't got any update on that one for a while , so next update should be something new and refreshing . 
  if you ask stalin , hitler is a good leader !, 
  well , good leader to have as an enemy to stomp on . 
  first comment does n't shock me at all :, 
   total propaganda, 
   alex jones is a zionist shill !!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  on mo\u017ee u kanada , a ja ne . 
   america sucks at imperialism . 
  well it sucks after end of cold war . 
  they just kinda lost it 's touch . 
  probably due to multinational corporations basically running the us government , who do n't know what the hell to do with their power but get more money , that they do n't actually need but are just greedy addicts for money . 
  man is the start of 21st century a total joke . 
  yep and the party is proclaimed a criminal organization , so no longer even considered a political party and all it 's mp 's removed from parliament and put on trial over extortion 's , organized crime , conspiracy and murders . 
  likely they had nowhere to go and hoped they 'd never get caught . 
  well croatia got it 's first female general yesterday . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha !!, 
  unless they were n't financially able or had family that refused to leave or just thought they 'd get away with it . 
  as well if they wanted to leave , they would have have to arrange where to stay and decide on future career . 
  basically it ai n't an easy choice to make nor do . 
  so yeah , it 's very possible some of them stayed . 
  you ca n't credit eu for that . 
  now that 's just fucked up . 
   or that time that people running a blog all about how white people food is shit and stupid accidentally made fun of asian food on there and quickly apologized because you ca n't insult asian food it was only garbage if it was white . 
  oh i remember that incident . 
  just pissed the fuck out of me . 
  yeah , because either country has any reason to attack one or another and had a warmongering imperialistic leader post-ww2 . 
  yeah , skype can get really chaotic if you have too many people around . 
  i get the feeling you like cars . 
  i thought new zealand had very good education system . 
  confirmed , / r/badhistory shows no mercy !, 
  sometimes i want to ask those dum ... people on how they define government control in percentage . 
  europe is full of those . 
   milosovic did n't start the civil war , slovenia did . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's just golden . 
  slovenia is one of the most pacifistic countries in world . 
  them to start a war is just hilarious . 
  the best thing i can say about slobodan that he was incompetent . 
  mainly because that 's the main reason we won the war with far less deaths . 
  if he was competent , wars in ex-yugoslav states would have been 10 times worse and would have last way longer . 
  look on the bright side , it 's new content for the sub !, 
  i was too busy whole day to do mun orbit in kerbal space program . 
  i think i lost some of my hair . 
  germany would n't do jackshit over yugoslav wars , if large croatian minority in germany did n't went to mass protests demanding to stop milo\u0161evi\u0107 's aggression on croatia . 
  i landed on the moon in kerbal space program !, 
  and got back to homeplanet !, 
  well this protestors stormed police armory and stole shit ton of weapons . 
  any government has legitimacy to quell this sort of dangerous group , no matter who 's in wrong or right . 
  though i doubt they 'll start shooting , unless separatists shoot first . 
  and even then , they 'd most likely desire to avoid a massacre . 
   each and every liberal , is a liberal,
