  [ earlier today , azov was attacked in that village and pro-russian forces taken over parts of it . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/conflict_report/status/566963187577520128 ), 
  clear violation ceasefire . 
  was n't it debunked it 's 5 hours ? 
  few users that played review copies of that game claimed it took them 8-10 hours . 
  title came from conflict news twitter , but tweet has been deleted by now . 
   i heard during the north american indian wars of the 19th century white usa fascists killed 30,000 native americans . 
  let 's kill some tartars !, 
  ftfy, 
  no , that 's not [ usta\u0161e flag ] ( http://forum.net.hr/cfs-filesystemfile.ashx/__key/communityserver.discussions.components.files/19/0842.800px_2d00_flag_5f00_of_5f00_croatia_5f00_ustasa.svg.png ) . 
  i want for him to try . 
  around 30 , most are war veterans from homeland war . 
  well , my birthday is tomorrow . 
  technically i am 22 right now , as it 's past midnight in croatia . 
  this is why pro-russian forces did n't allow osce to debaltseve , otherwise it would have been confirmed debaltseve was n't encircled . 
  understatement of the year . 
  2nd least liked , milanovi\u0107 and karamarko exchange number 1 spot of the most hated politician every 2-3 months . 
  as well he thinks just printing money would solve economic problems . 
  yes , she has a vagina instead of a penis . 
  that would be an improvement . 
  and command the army . 
  which is a useless power during peace time . 
   in 1950something urss president was ukranian , and decided to gift ukraine with crimea , back then in a symbolic manner ( because russia kept managing it and acting like if it was russian , and because everything was urss anyway ) . 
  wrong , it was given to ukraine because russia could n't administrate crimea properly at all , ukraine instead could have . 
  same situation now , crimea is getting worse and worse as russia is incapable to administrate that peninsula properly without land connection . 
  because they want to liberate these lands and later need to rebuild them . 
  plus , pro-russian forces would blow them up anyway if they capture them . 
  i 'm utterly shocked at this massive incompetence in ukraine military leadership . 
  i do n't know , my today political ideology is far different from my political ideology when i was in mid-teens . 
  well i suck at video games , then . 
   i just ca n't believe the incompetence the american government and military showed during that war . 
  american government ? 
  absolutely . 
  us military ? 
  no , us military completed all it 's objective with total success . 
  politicians fucked over in aftermath with their overly simple political views of iraq . 
  people who claim isis is medieval have overly simplistic and likely revisionist view of medieval age . 
  as well overly idealistic view of modern ideologies . 
  well for side on offensive needs 1 to 3 ratio against defending party , in other to have victory . 
  not ration in number of troops , but overall quality of fighters training and experience , leadership , weapons , equipment and etc. 
  so if there 's 10k isis troops in mosul , then iraq should have at least 15k-20k troops for offensive to liberate that city . 
  but that 's my armchair general guess . 
  well someone does n't know in what shitter western roman empire was in nor forgets about existence of strong eastern roman empire . 
  also that did n't happen during medieval time , either . 
  meanwhile , germany occupied belgium and luxemburg . 
  to be fair to them , they never had a gym class in their lives until that point . 
  this is why you delay your offensive in case of bad weather . 
  air support is mandatory , yet they still attacked without it . 
  most of afghan population never went to school until after us occupation and massive education programs and funding to get afghanistan work stable . 
  most of afghan army has like 5th grader education right now , from what i read many months ago . 
  and this video is from when all this education programs started to go full speed . 
  it 's shocking to me how they do n't learn from their mistakes in past 4 years . 
  meanwhile , rebels are evolving and learning more and more . 
  despite their major shortcomings . 
  war crime is still a war crime , regardless who 's doing it and who 's on receiving end . 
  that has to be a massive loss for saa . 
  if this is a secret propaganda within propaganda , it 's darn genius . 
  i think they already have those . 
  hey , at least chains got a great trailer . 
  honestly , it 's my the favorite trailer . 
  even better then hoxton breakout and the bomb heist trailers , i dare to say . 
   civilians are probably mostly killed by artillery , air strikes ,, 
  not probably , pretty much is a rule of majority civilian deaths in modern wars . 
  only time it is n't major factor of civilian deaths in modern war , it 's either due to man made famine caused by negligence or systematic ethnic cleansing and genocide . 
  now she started to look like chamberlain to you ? 
  yeah , because spying on us citizens and eu citizens totally would help to reveal russian secret invasion plans . 
  julia timoshenko is a name i have n't heard for long while . 
  by austrians , apparently . 
  net neutrality works perfectly well in european countries , so government denying isp 's to overcharge it 's consumers and potentially racketeering internet sites is a good thing . 
  do note you can still loot jewelry and possible money bag for achievement . 
  basically you want 2 guys with a saw , 1 guy with satchel charges and 1 guy looting jewelry store . 
  so need for dead presidents , unless attempting on overkill difficulty . 
  though can you get enough cash in overkill difficulty ? 
   money bag ? 
  yes , in one of stores vaults there is a chance for money bag . 
  so 3 jewelry nags and 1 money bag . 
  why does croatia own montenegro ? 
  mexico and canada swallowing usa ?!, 
  what the hell happened ? 
  well , in that case color needs to be changed . 
  for croatia . 
  to red . 
  random rant , why is croatia green in europa universalis ? 
  in vanilla , croatia is also green . 
  just lighter green . 
  euromaidan protest had around 10-100 ,000 protestors in kiev . 
  it was a fractions of ukraine population , yet it changed ukraine forever . 
  56,000 is a huge number . 
  historians write history , not victors . 
  that 's not optimism , that 's reality . 
  there 's tons of history written by losing side . 
  just look at history of vikings and mongols for example . 
  most of their history was written by the losers of their raids and conquests , not the victors . 
  then there 's also napoleon . 
  he was hated by every world power and he ultimately was defeated , yet he 's one of the most loved and respect generals and leaders in history . 
  why ? 
  because it was historians that written history , not victors . 
  all over ukraine , but mostly in netherlands . 
  well it was a cloaker . 
  meanwhile i dream to have 400 kb/s .
