  this cease fire talks might as well not have happened as this make no difference . 
  i 've been trying to find exit polls result all over the place and i found three articles giving completely different exit polls results . 
  like , what the hell ? 
  you people are absolutely ridiculous . 
  primaries did n't even really truly start , but because hillary won in what should really be considering irrelevant states grand scheme of things sanders is finished ? 
  seriously you people , not even 90 % of registered democrats got to cast their votes yet . 
  ca n't believe it 's been 2 years . 
   the world knows assad is a murderer but they would pick a secular murderer over an islamist one easy . 
  what 's with this blanket term `` secular '' that is thrown around for years ? 
  as if it somehow excuses assad 's regime far more destructive and murderous then every other factions combined in entire war . 
  i 'm serious , how does `` secularism '' make assad 's destructive and suicidal regime better then potential islamic democracy that rebels mostly want ? 
  woops , editing out double post, 
  that is outright false . 
  maxis devs could n't agree between each other do they want to make a serious and deep simulator or family friendly casual sim . 
  for a decade !, 
  ea had exercise major patience until they had to intervine to rescue the game from development hell . 
  and obviously they had to go with family friendly casual sim as they needed to release the game quicly , as game development went hugely over budget and dragged on for too long with little to show for . 
  alternative was to cancel the game , which would have likely killed maxus sooner . 
  reality is , only maxis can be blamed for spore flopping . 
   lower tax , smaller gov , pro military . 
  one of those things is not like the other . 
  recruiting is bad ? 
  what ? 
  ea is making serious changes for the better lately . 
  people really need to get off ea hate train and get open minded to realize this . 
  remain critical , but do n't blind yourself with hate due to companies past mistakes . 
  she is n't winning by big margin by most of these pols though and her popularity is dropping steadily while trump is growing . 
  remember , trump was an irrelevant clown 6 months ago . 
  now he 's the most likely winner of republican nomination . 
  things can easily change in his favor again in next 6 months . 
  trump is winning hispanic republican vote , he has no policies againt woman 's rights . 
  democrats only have certainty for black voters , but only when they show up to vote ( right now in primiries , vote turnout is abysmal for democrats overall ) . 
  to think clinton is guarantieed win is a complete absurdity at this point . 
  jesus , that reminds of some russian militants using hybrid of russian tsardon and ussr flag . 
  it is so wrong on so many levels . 
  there was no non-slave owning state to join confederacy . 
  reason why 2 slave owning stayed stayed is because they knew leaving the union was not in their overall interest . 
  it is really interesting how stray dogs are also super friendly with us humies . 
  why that guy was n't fired ? 
   does rome 2 have a complete edition ? 
  no and no, 
  yeah and people hate the sparta edition . 
  it 's a complete absurdity of a bundle . 
  tako je !, 
  a giant no , crimea must return to ukraine and russian must pay for all war reparations !, 
  no compromise with an aggressor . 
  yet still better place then most of the world . 
  no , more and more cgi is being used . 
  it is just cgi is getting far more better that people hardly noticed it lately and confuse them with practical effects . 
  we ai n't gon na raid and loot it again !, 
  geez , give us a second chance . 
  but not same romans . 
  italian romans today are vastly diffrent from latin romans of which many greeks and turks considered to be til ww1 . 
  might as well add and wear soviet red army winter hat too . 
   not only do they believe in something that was disproved centuries ago ,, 
  millenials ago , actually . 
  it is far worse . 
  he was an internet sensention due to his anti-war message and cry for massive changes in usa . 
  however due him being despised by televised media and internet influance was tiny compared to today . 
  it is like with sanders today , just internet is much stronger to influance . 
  though it also helps sanders does n't want batshit insane and unworkable policies like paul does ( sanders want copy/paste europe but better refined , ron impossible liberetarian anarchist utopia ) so he did n't gained notable support beyond young adults . 
  / r/europe is almost as bad as those two subreddits, 
  i worked last summer at local city beach and by end of season me and realized 90 % of income came from parking . 
  it was insane realization for us , especially since parking is cheap there . 
  it is impossible , not without deporting every poor brazilian without sewage system upstream to somewhete else . 
  and good luck with that too . 
  nobody was swimming in fifa world cup . 
  no , they are . 
  americans exercise every potential way to avoid civilian cassulties , not the other way around . 
  not really , aq never done mass executions and mass tortures . 
  isis is whole new level of evil compered to aq . 
  catholism in us always had troubled , really . 
  source them . 
  look , i like to kill jokes when i can be a smartass about it . 
  oh that thing is still occasionally mocked back in bosnia , croatia and serbia . 
  other companies get shit on too when they do such things . 
  libya is in far better position then syria is , so what the hell are you talking about ? 
  in which would are you living ? 
  us would have received same reactions . 
  marines are still soldiers , different branch or not . 
  in what sense is libya worse off then syria in any scale ? 
  you clearly know nothing about lybian civil war then . 
  the fact that russia is trying to police and providing devistating results without giving a damn , proves that we should defy russia . 
  usa was always indepent from any foreign oil . 
  oh and lovely how you do n't care for people and countries close to russia . 
   the key point is that russia is n't trying to police the world or regain superpower status . 
  you clearly have n't been paying attention what russia is doing for past few years . 
   exactly the same game that lincoln played when he invaded the south ,, 
  what is this revisionist crap ? 
  south attacked first , forcing lincoln to end any diplomatic talks . 
  federal supreme court overrides any state supreme court . 
  this is a pointless to resist without outright seceding from the union . 
  in what way is it unconstitional ? 
  in fact alabama here is being unconstitutional with that act . 
  what was she even thinking when she said that ? 
  well she pissed off lgbt 's by saying reagan supported people with aids and gay rights , pissed of liberals for that and for liking reagan , she unlikely pleased reagan lovers as they most likely dislike gays . 
  so , to who she was pondering to ? 
  she pretty much stepped on a landmine she made . 
  man trump destroyed jeb bush with `` low energy '' rhetoric , he 'd have a field day with hillary on this too . 
  talk about jumping straight to nuke option .
