  trump winning republican nomination only means democrat will win presidency . 
  oh we are so damn screwed !, 
  so seriously screwed !, 
  my prediction !, 
  wales, 
  at least you admit you want dictatorship . 
  because why should germany ever take it 's nato obligations seriously ? 
  uuuugh , damn merkel . 
  ca pretty much deserved this after rome 2 disaster . 
  they will need to do a lot more to fix their reputation . 
   all they had to do was copy and paste the game into europe . 
  that was n't really an option . 
  shogun was set only in japan , so you only fought one japanese clan again another one . 
  europe is a continent of very diverse nations with a lot of differences . 
  copy/paste shogun into rome and atilla is a terrible idea . 
  he sure does love sicily . 
   crystal skull, 
  hey , that 's a good movie !, 
  now you 're speaking nonsense . 
  i 'm sensing your trend here . 
   i think it 's better than temple of doom . 
  oh hey now , let 's not go that far . 
  what cross ? 
  we were n't allowed to annex bosnia . 
  this is why everyone prefers kebab over you !, 
  now that 's a suicide mission . 
  while nearly full in my city theater , you still could have still bought the ticket minutes before movie started and watch it . 
  small towns and cities ftw !, 
  til kaufland is a german supermarket chain . 
  [ ] ( / s `` well rey was rather isolated from galactic world for most of her life , meanwhile ex-stormtrooper finn knew very well han solo was a war hero for the rebels . '' ), 
  hey !, 
  i loved that scene . 
  and yes , it is canon so you ca n't deny it folk . 
  [ well she is ] ( / s `` confirmed to be in episode 8 and 9 . '' ), 
  well she has to , it 's too good of an actress and suit design to be just wasted away as a background prop . 
   so it 's back to a small `` rebellion '' against the domineering `` first empire . '' ? 
  dunno , first order also got severely wrecked as well by end of the movie . 
  they lost major amount of troops and fighters , while a was amount of resources was spent for a super-weapon that was destroyed in matter of hours of it 's first use . 
  so overall , first order had suffered massive and potentially unsustainable losses , just less losses then new republic and the resistance had suffered . 
   i 'm really hoping that phasma survived the ordeal so she can show back up as a badass nemesis for finn and he can really enjoy letting loose on her . 
  [ she does ] ( / s `` lives on for rest of trilogy . 
  well in real life armies , soldiers are ones primary used to do sanitary work . 
  primary rookies and low ranking soldiers . 
  finn is likely merely a rookie soldier that was itching for his first combat experience , but before that he was only on cleaning duty . 
  as well , cloning facilities are vulnerable and have to be in one specific location . 
  so enemies can simply target your only sources of your manpower and severely cripple you . 
  meanwhile , you can kidnap or get or buy children from pretty much everywhere in galaxy in mass quantities . 
  you say as if there is a difference between the two . 
  invade a sovereign nation , you get burned . 
  [ petrina is salty . 
  sdp mu to ne\u0107e dopustiti . 
  post results of invading the godless commies !, 
  do it !, 
  ** han solo ** : chewie junior !, 
  ** kylo ren proceeds to slice everything around him , with his lightsaber . 
  not pg-13 . 
  he needs to kill his mom too , obviously !, 
  well i must be an only happy person to not hear it . 
  hearing wilhelm scream just makes me roll my eyes . 
  christ , will that fad of a scream soundbite ever die out in it 's use ? 
  it 's a painful mediocrity of a movie , it really should n't be on top . 
  but naboo was n't destroyed and turned into a star , though . 
  well it did revolutionize how to make cgi focused movies in future . 
  pa ovaj jebeni cirkus je absolutno nepotreban !, 
  izdaja !!!, 
  velika izdaja !!!, 
  samo nada da neki most-ovci defektiraju do sutra i prisiliti nove izbore . 
  mr\u0160 !, 
   i 'll be preordering near the end for one simple reason : even if release is a colossal fuck up , i know ca will eventually fix it . 
  that is just encouraging horrible business practice . 
  you must own a pc with same specs on which ca 's pc 's get developed on , then . 
  original video is from protests/riots/revolution from kiev , ukraine back in early january 2014 . 
  i meant in a way he did n't suffer optimization problems because ca developed on same specs , so obviously it should be working . 
  that 's what i was going for , not that ca has super computers . 
  because we , customers , are n't putting an effort to be collectively more responsible . 
  thanks man !, 
   new delhi is 17 square miles . 
  jesus , what the fuck ?!, 
  that 's seriously tiny for new delhi population !, 
  like , jesus , my city with population of 53k is slightly larger then new delhi that has over 11 million !, 
  where the hell is my lightsaber pitchfork ? 
  pretty costly , very vulnerable to have only one source of manpower , potential for your clones to have secret programming to rebel against you ( while non-canon , kamino rebelled against the empire and used freshly made clones as their army for rebellion ) , increased chance of defective genes as cloning progresses from single source and etc. 
  meanwhile it 's a lot easier and cost-effective to just simply conscript troops or get volunteers , which empire had done . 
  while first oder kidnaps kids , it does makes sure to indoctrinate ( potentially reprogram ) the kids to be completely loyal and are trained for military life their entire life . 
  republic used clones because they had no military , only security forces that only answer to their local system/planet governments . 
  while it would have been cheaper to just build an army from scratch , republic had no time for that and had to go with expensive clone army . 
   regular folks who joined the military by `` choice '' . 
  there were a ton of genuine volunteers in for the empire 's stormtrooper army , though yes there were many who were forcibly conscripted . 
   they greece does not recognize the macedonian country as having the right to use the name, 
  no , greece recognizes macedonia as a independent country , but does n't recognizes it 's name . 
  [ instead greece and many other countries insist to call her former yugoslav republic of macedonia or fyrom for short ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_naming_dispute#naming_policies_of_foreign_countries_and_organisations ) . 
  though this naming dispute is a major problem for macedonia , as greece blocks any talks for them to join nato and eu until they can both agree on the whole thing . 
  croatian flag , communist yugoslavia flag and flag of vatican together ? 
  that feels somewhat symbolic . 
  also japan was a german ally , so how that helps his argument again ? 
  it 's called irony . 
  how about we do something seriously about fighting this instead of just reposting and spamming this same old circlejerk crap images for past few years ? 
  eeeh , first order did lost a lot of troops at the end . 
  sure their fleets and leadership are intact , but they suffered a major blow in their manpower . 
  they can invade new republic with little resistance , but unlikely they hold much of it for long as they 'll easily get stretched thin .
