  ca n't find www.reddit.com, 
  goring is a funny case , really . 
  he was the best thing and the worst thing that had happened to luftwaffe . 
  he did reformed it from it 's pathetic post-ww1 state into a arguably the best airforce in war right before ww2 . 
  but then he went full stupid once war started , replacing respected and good officers from high luftwaffe positions to put up his friends and yes-men . 
  which had , unsurprisingly , severely deteriorated effectiveness of luftwaffe . 
  i guess his narcissism got the best of him at the worst possible time . 
  she would still keep stability by keeping good relations with current allies . 
  that 's hell of a lot more important then trump 's pissing off european and gulf states allies to start trade war with china . 
  that sort of thing would create massive world instability . 
  over half usa does n't want her nor trump . 
  ah so it goes with the trend of the elections . 
  everyone is picking the least worst option , because who needs good options ? 
  not unless they want to get rid of him for pence . 
  it 's not just this subreddit 's community position . 
  it 's position of entire american nation . 
  republic is a form of democracy . 
  why the hell was i not informed of that subreddit before ? 
  it wo n't happen for these reasons :, 
  afghanistan isis is tiny and fighting mostly with talibans . 
  as well nato already has presence in afghanistan with cooperating government . 
  libyan isis only hold a single city as libyan government and rebels have signed a rather successful ceasefire and had focused on defeating isil since then . 
  with political solution close to be agreed on and peace treaty signed sometimes later this year or next year , libya will be united once again and be able to crush the last remaining foothold of isil without need of major western support . 
  iraqi isis in slightly better position but still rather screwed with recent massive victory from iraqi government . 
  and nato is already heavily involved in iraq . 
  and syrian isis ? 
  impossible to get article 5 over it as it would require to either aid assad 's regime that france opposes for damn good reasons . 
  and going against assad 's regime is also unlikely without getting in conflict with russia . 
  russia needs to be somehow removed out of the picture first to take out both isis and assad 's regime with nato invasion of syria . 
  so article 5 being called over this ai n't happening . 
  that ship had sailed a year ago . 
  in most states , independents ca n't decide who will be a nominee . 
  as well it does n't help the fact majority of candidates give up from race early , so in states where independents can vote get stuck with whoever party members already want . 
  and any independent or third party candidate is n't allowed to debate without getting 15 % in polls . 
  so alternative have no chance to get any attention . 
  basically , system is rigged by these two parties and american people ca n't really choose a nominee that they truly want . 
  ... you do realise people need to get aware of these candidates first ? 
  media completely ignored all the alternative , say for occasionally giving them 15 minutes of fame just to treat them they exist and not speak of them again . 
  that 's not how healthy third party alternative can be formed and give the people a serious third option to know about . 
  third party wo n't magically get 15 % of vote without getting serious awareness . 
  voters wo n't magically get educated unless legislation takes takes the initiative first to allow healthy environment for third parties to thrive . 
  i wish i knew of it before . 
  i was so damn clueless on what was going on on republican side as everything what anti-clinton and pro-bernie . 
  i mean , christ , i am anti-clinton and pro-bernie but give me a damn variety of news stories of these elections . 
  it 's not all about clinton being evil alien reptilian overlord , geez . 
  well considering how clueless you are about saudi arabia , i can safely assume you know nothing about geopolitics . 
  premature celebration . 
  it 's getting more clear that coup is a complete failure . 
  fighting still ongoing in ankara , but istanbul is back in government hands . 
  erdogan just landed in istanbul too . 
  pentagon as well believes coup had failed due to poor organization . 
  greek government also says coup had failed . 
  they were also freaking stupid . 
  secular opposition and even kurdish minority party had publicly denounced this coup . 
  entire turkey is rejecting this coup , from poor folk to political elite . 
  this secular army had only gave erdogan a ceremony to become a turkish sultan . 
  and people are supporting this coup as being a good thing . 
  what a joke you people are . 
  no , he had declare pro-coup military as traitors and will be punished severely for it . 
  as well implied purge of the military command . 
  he basically won , people are with him . 
  even political opposition is with him . 
  and erdogan is fully justified to do so . 
  threat of military coup is the most dangerous thing . 
  now that it had happened and government had repelled it , erdogan is in full right to put army under full government control . 
  this is also night mare scenario for assad too , as turkish army was one that denied any direct turkish involvement in syrian civil war against his regime . 
  actually main political opposition and kurdish minority party had denounced the coup while it was believed military coup was a full or partial success . 
  death tool had risen up to 90 . 
  around 1150 people injured . 
  unknown how many casualties are specific to civilians , pro-government and pro-coup forces . 
  ministry of justice claims over 1300 soldiers are detained . 
  whole asylum seeking seems to be false news . 
  not really . 
  now that erdogan is fully justified to purge the military , there will be no resistance from within military for any intervention in syria . 
  this is a nightmare for assad , but hey why stop premature celebration ? 
  true , but now option is possible . 
  will he do it , it 's hard to say . 
  i 'm not saying he will go tomorrow into syria . 
  it will take time to reinstate control first of the military . 
  probably by the time clinton is president , erdogan and she will plan some drastic intervention into syria . 
  if turkey were to attack in syria , they would fight against regime forces . 
  and erdogan has no interest in territorial expansion . 
  he wants to keep syria intact , but with rebels forming their government not assad . 
  so coup should n't have happened, 
  turkey has modern nato army , while regime had cold war army on it 's knees due to lack of manpower and war exhaustion . 
  and with rebels that would cooperate with turkish army , turkish invasion would quickly reach towards damascus and only there would they suffer heavy resistance . 
  if tiger forces remain in north aleppo ( in hypothetical scenario that turkey invades syria in close future ) , they would annihilated by turkish attack from behind , as well turkish airforce would enforce complete air superiority . 
  saudi army ca n't be compared to turkish one . 
  saudi army is advanced , but poorly trained and disciplined . 
  turkish army is modern , well trained , disciplined and experienced . 
  no , coup had completely failed . 
  government regained istanbul fully around 3 am , ankara is mostly in government hands while remnants of coup are occupying presidential palace and are negotiating surrender . 
  some of turkish pro-coup military escaped to greece and are seeking asylum . 
  i doubt russia would want to go to war with turkey . 
  they 'll likely be confided to their bases in syria and eventually leave if turkey actually invades despite threats of conflict with russia . 
  turkey will likely give a warning to russia and it 's troops to not fight against turkish forces and they will be left untouched and allowed to retreat with all weapons and equipment . 
  and like i said before to someone else , turkey has no interest in territorial expansion . 
  they want to remove assad while keeping syria territorially intact ( hint hint kurds ) . 
  as long authoritarians claim they are secular , they are good guys for these people . 
  it 's ridiculous .
