  i think they finally remembered that euron is supposed to be smart and badass , not just a drunk crazy uncle . 
  yeah , we finally seen back of his head in season opener . 
  it is clearly him . 
  i remember massive disappointment , not an outrage last season over euron , to be honest . 
  well rob stark , stannis and renly baratheon did send mail to everyone that jaime is a real father of cersei 's children , not robert , at the very start of the war of the five kings . 
  so it is a public knowledge in many places , while elsewhere a rumour . 
   because it changed a more unique aspect of combat and made it the and as every other game . 
  unique = / = good, 
  me1 combat system was abysmal and i 'm so glad bioware overhauled combat in me2 and remained with reload mechanic . 
  except me1 system was fundamentally broken and people across the board really disliked it . 
  yah , that too is a possibility . 
  but then again , it 's not far fetched euron did sail across 14 seas . 
  i did n't even know he was celebrity cameo until after i came to subredit after i 've watched the episode . 
  yes it was . 
  me1 is a very broken and buggy game . 
  i 'm shocked that even after 10 years , people still deny this about me1 . 
  [ ned is also a tad bit hypocritical ] ( https://youtu.be/yl9_w1yncsc?t=113 ) . 
  you can be good guy without being a saint , geez . 
  ozzy man reviews check, 
  a brief synopsis check, 
  now only alt shift x is left and got spirit is truly back . 
  yes , however in conversation between cersei and jaime it 's been states daeneryis has yet to land on dragonstone . 
  in fact , they are speculating she will land there . 
  euron greyjoy is also implied to came to kings landing and left before daenerys landed on dragonstone . 
  while lannisters most likely lack manpower and resources to even contest dragonstone with minimal force , this however does not work for euron greyjoy . 
  he really should have more then big enough force to contest dragonstone on land and sea . 
  hmh , what are those two podcasts you mentioned ? 
  well , now even the book readers are in the dark . 
  it 's doubtful euron is capable to attack and sack king 's landing . 
  and even then , they would still need him and his fleet to retake dragonstone to expel daenerys from westeros . 
  no way he has a thousand ships . 
  daenerys needed to gather a 1000 ships all across slavery 's bay . 
  and euron lacks any means to lay a siege and assault walls like from king 's landing . 
  yet , that 's exactly what 's gon na happen , as we seen in trailers . 
   the ending mission was amazing . 
  no , priority : earth mission is the worst thing out of me3 . 
  i could have tolerated the endings by using that mod that makes geth and edi survive destroy ending , but that final mission is abysmally bad and utterly dull . 
  as well in entire game is build up to fight a final battle with all your allies you gathered . 
  you do n't get that , no . 
  you only get some short appearance to talk to some allies during lull in battle and that 's it . 
  it 's just shepard , his/hers two squadmates , fighting across boring ass grey london streets without any interesting level design to fight through . 
  it is just the worst mission that had ever came out of me games . 
  the fuck ? 
  london streets are not all grey . 
  war damage wo n't turn thing colourless . 
  as well how i said previously , overall it was dull as hell level design . 
  does euron has some sort of magical power to mass produce an armada in just several months ? 
  was that magical power ever established too ? 
  [ mike laidlaw will not attend gamescom ] ( https://twitter.com/mike_laidlaw/status/887971953016848385 ) , so that rules out premature da4 announcement . 
  this pretty much rules out da4 announcement . 
  and let 's be real , da4 is most likely a 2019 release and ea/bioware would be smart to not focus marketing on anthem first . 
  nah , i do n't think so . 
  plus ea said that they want to focus on 2017 releases . 
  da4 is most likely a 2019 release , so since anthem wo n't be there then neither will da4 . 
  so if bioware will attend , we will ~ ~ either ~ ~ get ~ ~ me : a sp story dlc announcement or ~ ~ new sw : tor expansion . 
  at least he killed my hopes fast for gamescom . 
  it is the biggest gaming convection in europe , set in germany . 
  except me : a keeps getting support in patches for singleplayer and every multiplayer related . 
  game is still being supported by ea and bioware , you ca n't deny this fact . 
  4 big patches in 4 months after release is not `` bare minimum '' work . 
  not even the must successful bioware game da : i had even received a patch per 2 months , let alone 1 big patch per month . 
  and da : i is about as buggy as me : a , so that game would use patches . 
  yet , bioware is still putting a big effort in patching me : a. 
  a work ea is not getting money out of , i should add . 
  nope , anthem wo n't be at gamescom either . 
  ea wants to focus on 2017 releases . 
  if bioware will be at gamescom at all , it will be probably about new sw : tor expansion . 
  star wars the last jedi is out near end of this year , so tying release of expansion close to the movie would be smart . 
  as well they done that already before . 
  bioware is already working on star wars title , a f2p mmo star wars the old republic . 
  otherwise dice is working on sw battlefront , while visceral games on still unnamed sw game . 
  or it just means digital sales are much more preferable so physical copies sold poorly . 
  me : a is still on same price range on digital stores , as every other major release of around same time . 
  ea had already stated anthem will not be at gamescom , they want to focus on 2017 releases . 
  [ 2 weeks ago ] ( https://twitter.com/thefiddzz/status/883761601446166528 ) it was said he will attend , however [ plans had changed ] ( https://twitter.com/gamblemike/status/888660024003883008 ) in last minute it seems . 
   yeah . 
  nobody from me is going to go to gamescom either . 
  nobody from bioware montreal and edmonton will show up , only bioware austin might show up related to new sw : tor expansion . 
  so they 're both bigots and stupid . 
  me : a backlash is grossly exaggerated . 
  it 's nothing compared to backlash da2 and me3 endings received . 
  it is silly to think online backlash is keeping away bioware from showing up to gamescom . 
  it 's quite obvious why nothing will come from da4 and anthem , ea stated they want to focus on 2017 releases . 
  bioware generally does n't do dlc reveals at big gaming conferences , as it 's a normal practice for bioware to reveal dlc 's out of the blue . 
  hence nothing from mass effect either . 
  so unless bioware austin will show off new sw : tor expansion , bioware simply has nothing to promote for gamescom with current ea 's marketing strategy . 
  so no point from showing up . 
  so it is a business decision based on current ea 's marketing strategy , not because bioware is afraid to come to public . 
  i mean shit , they already did show up in public at montreal comic con and right now at san diego comic con . 
  especially sdcc because mac walters is attending , guy that is one of two responsible for me3 ending debacle . 
  so they 're clearly not afraid of the backlash at convections . 
  he stated he was annoyed by the crowd , he clearly wanted get afraid and run from him . 
  which of course caused a stampede . 
  not on the size of youtube . 
  google barely makes a profit on youtube and that 's only in recent 2 years . 
  before that youtube was in negative by 10 's of millions of dollars . 
  and google still is n't even close to get it 's money back from buying off youtube . 
  if google struggles to make youtube profitable , how the hell would any competition fare any better ? 
  alternative is to start charging for service , but that wo n't fly . 
  people expect for online services to given out for free .
