  not if red keep is put under torch . 
  yeah , but ellaria sand was never a legitimate ruler of dorne . 
  the fact that entire dorne accepted her de-facto rule was already absurd , but clearly even the rivals to house martell hated lannisters more to forgive that and join daenerys 's cause . 
  so , why did n't they taken once ellaria was captured ? 
  house martell is an extinct house , so who cares ? 
  i guess there 's power struggle , but biggest dornish houses should have just appeal to daenerys on who 'd rule dorne in her stead . 
  dorne should really still be fully in action , just needs for a leader to get appointed by dany and go for a long march towards kings landing . 
  and if dany is beaten , they should n't really care for cersei 's wrath . 
  ageon the conqueror failed to submit dorne with 3 dragons , as well did his successors who had even more dragons . 
  cersei would stand no chance to capture dorne , so this could be their chance to regain independence . 
  so either they go with daenerys and get revenge on for elia martell rape and murder . 
  or they go for independence in case of dany 's defeat . 
  dorne wins either way . 
  going back to neutral because illegitimate dornish ruler got captured is fucking stupid . 
  or just a small text message saying how much time had passed for few seconds . 
  it would have corrected so much unneeded confusion and very easily . 
  i do n't know anything about baseball , but ouch . 
  i can feel that burn . 
  it makes more sense then in a way he had died . 
  in fact , his only real mistake was to get petyr bealish in charge of treasury . 
  it was petyr that allowed so many expensive festivities , as well petyr borrowed far more from the iron bank then the crown needed , as he took a lot of crown 's money into his own pocket . 
  if it were n't for petyr , robert would have left a great legacy as a king , simply because he knew to put correct people in charge . 
  for the most part , anyway . 
  i 'm certain she only burned down the front column of wagons , to deny any escape of supply without beating her army first . 
  actually even medieval peasants did that . 
  remember , peasants rarely ventured outside of their home village for longer period of time . 
  so basically nearly everyone in same village was related to some noteworthy extent . 
  it was cities and later urbanization that brought an end to that for common people . 
  actually randyll advised against spreading their forces thin , but jaime insisted to keep wounded protected . 
  so randyll really could n't have done more then what he did in this battle . 
  hell , i do n't even know what he could have done better if jaime listened to him in first place , with drogon attacking . 
  more food and supplies would have been at kings landing , but otherwise rear guard would have still been wiped out and lannister-tarly force would have been stuck garrisoning kings landing and eating away supplied until dragons were pacified . 
   the lannisters are disciplined . 
  like roman soldiers, 
  no , not even close . 
  roman army was a professional standing army . 
  lannisters depended on conscripted peasants just like every westerosi house , no amount of drilling will make an uneducated conscript on par with a well trained and disciplined professional soldier . 
  ah , i had no idea . 
  thank you . 
   they 're trees bran, 
   they 're hackable, 
   perfect . 
  too damn perfect . 
  i 'm dying here . 
  hello technical service , i think my littlefinger os just crashed . 
   the power of science without moral restrains, 
  which is generally a bad thing and leads to pseudoscience . 
  eh , she 's suggesting to burn someone on fire . 
  is that a good idea ? 
  it may be illegal to kill horses on the show , but you have full reign with mass murdering men !, 
  also that the entire trial and execution was a giant farce , as for other communist romanian leadership to escape scot free from any prosecution . 
  this is a really hot topic issue in romania . 
  while romanians celebrate fall of ceau\u0219escu 's regime , they do not celebrate his kangaroo trial and execution that happened within single day . 
  specifi\u010dno 6 epizoda . 
  also it 's possible for edmure 's baby son being a ruler of the twins . 
  arya mass assassinated so many frey 's , his baby boy might be one that is first in line after all of that . 
  what about qyburn ? 
  did n't he also said that to him . 
  and it would have also turned king robert against lannisters . 
  true , but king robert always insisted to get something for drink . 
  lancel was just obeying his orders as always , so kingsguard could n't suspect a thing . 
  i 'm still annoyed there 's no colour television in fallout universe . 
  that technology existed before ww2 started , it was just too expensive for consumer use until after ww2 . 
  also state funding . 
  lot 's and lot 's of state funding . 
  many of these inventions would n't be possible without government contracts , i.e. 
  taxpayer money . 
  capitalism may have been the biggest driving factor , but it was the good old state and taxes that made it possible . 
  yeah , but should netflix have a monopoly on streaming shows and movies ? 
  i mean , should n't we have competition in this market ? 
  mccain is not a rino , unless republican party truly went of the right wing edge . 
  clicks next . 
  mitch mcconnell is a rino . 
  closes site . 
  soviet union also had plenty of technological advancement , but it 's closed society and too strong centralized government made things , inflexible for economy to say at least . 
  yes , but would d&d do it ? 
  they could have keep the valonquar part of of prophecy , but they consciously removed that line . 
  perhaps they do n't want for jaime to kill cersei , unlike how 's foreshadowed in books . 
  so did petyr baelish , he 's still not a good guy . 
  man , only my pick on davos is straight on with general consensus . 
  my guess is they only picked characters that were there for more then on season . 
  yeah , i really do n't get how joffrey fell so low . 
  guy is pretty damn pretty , just like a true lannister . 
  as i said , yes for the books . 
  but no for the show , they deliberately omitted that part of prophecy . 
  not very related , but quite a lot of left wing authoritarians voted more for trump then for clinton . 
   i 'm now under the impression that ukraine wants him dead, 
  why ? 
  ukraine hates everyone loyal to putin . 
  if anything , they ca n't wait to open a champagne for once manafort gets prosecuted in us . 
  but do remember how obama went on that apology tour !!!, 
  well point of thread is to to sentence someone to death over a petty reason . 
   this is very interesting , seeing as most caskets buried in america go into cement and ** steel vaults in the ground **, 
  what the fuck , why ?!, 
  concrete ok , it 's not that costly and it 's not a resource we will ever run out , but steel vaults ?!, 
  that 's a massive expense and waste of resources . 
  are you like modern day pharaohs ? 
  also considering you need to burn for cremation , i do n't think it will remain environmentally friendly if everyone starts doing it . 
   support terrorist factions in syria, 
  no , bad , they do n't do that .
