  well that flag deserved to be used for europa universalis 4 . 
  as in you colonize brazil as croatia and it revolts later on and gains independence , so uses that flag . 
  pretty much i like that flag and he no complaints . 
  i 'd applaud him , but he 's member of the jobbik party . 
  which is pretty much a nazi party . 
  * shakes fist *, 
  nice , what 's it about ? 
  pope did n't side with the nazis . 
  while mussolini started the whole fascist business in first place . 
  they were anti-fascist , not really communist . 
  pretty much most of communist partisans in yugoslavia were not communist , but mainly in it to resist nazi occupation . 
  they 're pretty much still are . 
  it 's israeli-arab relations that are strained , but most are smart enough to differentiate religion from those post-ww2 issues . 
  the whole jew-muslim sworn enemies thing is an overblown media sensationalism and propaganda that gives way too much attention to radicals . 
  koga nebi ? 
  oh yeah , cause hitler would totally give bigger and better half of australia to it 's shitty ally italy !, 
  well it 's my birthday today . 
  yep , it 's correct . 
  thanks . 
  my guess is more people played coh 2 before , but not now . 
  well that 's surprising . 
  hmh , thanks ... it really was n't necessary . 
  heh , i guess it would n't be . 
  well , you seem like a very interesting person . 
  heh , really ? 
  well thanks for the compliment . 
  best part , nato is only organization that done anything in those wars . 
  eu and un were they ones essentially sitting on their asses and bitching about no peaceful solution being made . 
  i always knew bulgarians were aliens . 
  who is that 1 person that always upvotes ? 
  that 's croatia right now . 
  many bitched how me2 femshep used manshep 's walking animation , since me1 femshep had her own unique walking animation ( except that 's false , merely me1 had better walking animation then me2 and especially me3 's awkward as fuck animations ) . 
  ugh , do n't get me started how bioware social network moderators are ultra-defensive when someone calls bullshit on those crybabies . 
  to be fair , allies needed to do a lot to defeat them while sustaining huge amount of casualties . 
  book of mormon is fan fiction . 
  besides butchering history , butchering native american culture and outright rejecting native american advices ; no real issue with the movie if you look at it at face value . 
  real life . 
  i had cakeday few weeks ago . 
  you 're wrong and so is your flair . 
  but what if you say `` i only killed good people '' ? 
  i play bioware games , i know what are the good asses . 
  new testament if a more of a sequel . 
  while quran is a reboot . 
  why ? 
  koga on misli da zajebava ? 
  let 's see , he has a nice long history in / r/libertarian and / r/conspiracy . 
  well that 's explains everything . 
  yeah , cause roman empire totally gained by making minority religion a state religion after centuries of prosecuting it . 
  cause that totally that did n't start major religious unrest and civil wars . 
  that 's assuming religious leaders of ancient times did n't had huge amount of power . 
  hell , roman consular tribune and later emperor were religious leaders on top of being leader of roman republic/empire . 
  basically only thing that happen between ancient times and medieval times that religious leaders separate themselves from being leader of state , but instead used their huge power and influence to influence other state leaders for own agendas . 
  christianity is n't the only religion in world , you know ? 
  romans had their own religion at the time . 
  and switching to new state religion to exploit more power , while only 10 % of the country worships it and there 's already another religion most romans worship , is just plain dumb and makes no sense . 
  constantine making christianity as state religion was a terrible idea for his plans to become and stay as powerful emperor of rome . 
  it only caused a lot of religious unrest and another civil war . 
  he gained nothing from setting up christianity as state religion , but he did it anyway because he genuinely started to believe in it right before winning his first civil war that made him an emperor ( though did n't baptized until his last few years of life ) . 
  religious power that came with christianity later on was a coincidental ( or divine ) consequence of emperor constantine choice , not because it was something romans planned all along . 
  doubtful , as military intervention would mean russia loses football world cup hosting . 
  `` except we did for half a century , until you invaded iraq for 2nd time . 
  you kinda started to be an ass then . '', 
  - everyone else but latin america, 
  `` you deserve no gratitude ! '', 
  - latin america, 
  you 're overestimating power of the artillery . 
  they 'd do serious damage for sure , but nato airforce and military forces would destroy nearly every artillery piece in range of seoul before nk artillery could even get close to what serbs did to sarajevo . 
  what truly stops military invasion is china . 
  eu ca n't do jackshit with situation in ukraine and bosnia . 
  let alone to do anything with north korea , that is on the opposite side of world, 
  nazis did n't occupy germany , but got to power through mainly legitimate means ( often exploited some loopholes , used brownshirts to spread intimidation on streets especially against communists ) . 
  it was only after olympics , that germany started to bully it 's neighbors with military might . 
  i assume those would be called off too . 
  well eu will also get the larger hit for it , as this should be it 's turf . 
  while usa staying out of it would be understandable , due to it 's long bad past in interventions . 
  it would be a mutual destruction scenario . 
  china pretty much owns us economy , however china has no real domestic economy and fully depends on exports . 
  loss of exporting to us and then get blockaded by us navy and boycotted by us allies , would destroy chinese economy . 
  china is currently fixing that by making large investments into mass industrialization and modernizations , with building large modern navy . 
  however that will take decades to finish . 
  yet funny enough , they do agree that global warming is a real thing . 
  what 's wrong with what i said ? 
  does it work even with exported save from ck2 to eu4 ? 
  that 's kinda a requirement if you follow any religion . 
  you mean country i 'll play with ? 
  it 's israel , so tag is `` isr '' . 
  the black gay jewish feminazis caused russian revolution !, 
  they were merely grinding their experience points . 
  that explains why bosnia is so fucked with that dayton peace treaty . 
  also i 'd add western ukraine would refuse to be landlocked , while eastern ukraine would have fight for several major rich cities to be under they control . 
  that 's assuming there would be ethnic cleansing . 
  big number of ukrainian russians are openly protesting and fighting against government for a long while . 
  as well , ukrainian ethnic tensions are nowhere near close like we had in yugoslavia for example . 
  now that wo n't stop russia to wage propaganda of whatever or not ethnic cleansing happens and at what scale it would be . 
  though even then they would n't be able to make flat out military intervention , without evidence for the world to see . 
  and nato would n't give two shits over territory disputes with bulgaria and moldavia , while eu is too inept to do anything . 
  hmh , ima smisla . 
  was n't that the same guy that promised that military will remain neutral ? 
  however army chief was sacked few hours ago . 
  and i think he 's the one that promised neutrality , but i could be easily wrong on that one .
