   why would you be ashamed of something your ancestors did, 
  because netherlands is very rich today thanks to it 's exploits during colonial era . 
  you would n't have many benefits you have today , if it were n't for these long term profits from inhumane actions made by your ancestors . 
  it 's saa in nutshell . 
  that 's still a really long way to go . 
  best of luck of them , however . 
  with exception of two cantons . 
  they could still use a lot more clubs in mls . 
  would be an obvious conflict of interest at this point , so usa should pass on replacing either russia or qatar . 
  now uk replacing russia and japan or australia replacing qatar would be great . 
  and the swiss cooperate on this . 
  fifa is screwed . 
  it could grow a bit faster ? 
  and messi still wins by significant margin . 
  true enough . 
   the swiss protected the fucking nazi 's money . 
  ftfy, 
  does fifa has it 's own newspapers ? 
  well fifa is mafia , so they deserved that treatment . 
   some lower level execs taking the blame ... 
  leading concacaf executives and vice president of fifa were arrested . 
  only thing higher you can get are eufa executives and sep blatter himself . 
  and i do hope it backfires . 
  platini is a peace of shit , just like blatter . 
  he just did n't had an opportunity to prove himself he 's a peace of shit just like blatter . 
  compared to qatar , yeah . 
  russia does have football culture and some infrastructure . 
  but , massive corruption and major hooliganism in russia alone speaks volumes to not allow russia to host would cup . 
  today 's ukraine crisis is n't not helping russian case , either . 
  that 's a name i did n't heard in a long time . 
  yep , i posted it before i discovered what other big fishes got caught . 
  it 's not just football though . 
  olympic games and as well as handball suffer from heavy corruption . 
  blatter acts like he 's a dictator of a country . 
  i would n't be shocked if he 's so deluded he thinks he has some sort of diplomatic immunity that all world leaders do . 
  he 'll have a nasty wake up call once swiss police officers knock on his door . 
  oh boy , you have no idea . 
  well he got one out of three right . 
  movie is actually pretty ok , just very laughable since you ca n't ignore the fact that it 's based on fifa and it tries to portray it and characters based on real people as saints . 
  also i love have director and actors in that movie are trying to give a vibe they are a mafia , even though it 's not what the movie script is about . 
  hard to say , but i hope so . 
  then again , he does get votes from football federations from these many corrupt african countries . 
  not much specifics as it 's underreported . 
  but last handball world cup was hosted in qatar ( it 's played in closed stadiums in winter as every world cup , so heat was never an issue ) and that cup the worst officiating ever seen as well the most blatant bias towards qatar team . 
  qatar team had been committing blatant fouls without getting penalized very often , getting away easy from harder penalties from harsh fouls , several times made illegal goals that were accepted and etc. 
  as well none of the qatari players were qatari natural citizens , in fact most of them only had qatari citizenship for little over 2 years . 
  it was an utter absurdity and i was i never before happy france won handball world cup , but goddamn that team did not deserve to get of group stage , let alone reach the finals !, 
  oh boy if they get dirt on him and mami\u0107 , it would be great . 
  croatia government will in not be able to ignore if us wants to extradite them , no matter how much their lawyers yell `` stalinism !, 
  unlikely , sepp has too much of ego to no be in public spotlight . 
  pissed off usa , fifa has no real power and influence beyond controlling professional football . 
   and the ag is in on the corruption in dc, 
  though case is gon na be hard since lobbying , while blatant corruption , is technically a legal method . 
  a law is flawed in this case . 
  officiating was always an issue in handball world cups , but this one went to whole new levels . 
  it was n't the case of 3-4 bad referee calls in key moments of entire game with 1-2 lax punishments for harsh fouls , it was an utter blunder of many bad referee calls that were so blatantly biased towards qatari team . 
  however , switzerland is not allowing many fifa executives to leave switzerland as they have own investigation against them . 
  sepp blatter is among them . 
  their ships for freedom had set sails long ago . 
   and 2022 us could be a distinct possibility . 
  i doubt it , conflict of interest is obvious on this one . 
  australia or japan would more likely host . 
  [ goddamn ball boys !, 
  ] ( http://streamable.com/yn6s ), 
  fifa is n't that kind of mafia . 
  well played . 
  australia has money and infrastructure , and it was has football culture that is also steadily growing . 
  unlikely , otherwise konami would have never gotten any rights for pes . 
  also i loved when football matches in south korea-japan were played around late morning and afternoon hours . 
  australia is around same timezone , so it would be nice to watch world cup without losing any sleep . 
  i remember yesterday one redditor from iceland said they would vote for blatter . 
  well , this investigation might actually change a lot of people 's minds in fifa to vote for prine ali . 
  uefa quitting would be a death sentence for fifa . 
  uefa simply needs to deliver on that , after so much threats of leaving fifa if sepp does n't quit . 
  did kazakhstan fa said they will vote for prince ali ? 
  no chance russia fa will vote against blatter . 
  4th sport , i believe . 
  behind australian football , cricket and rugby . 
  are n't hey basically same sport ? 
  or am i missing something . 
  well he 's a new face , nothing suggests he 's corrupt . 
  as well him winning should screw over platini 's plan to be president of fifa . 
  and platini is sepp 2.0 ready to happen . 
  basically , he 's only one that worths to give any trust simply by being a new face . 
   wisconsin, 
  why do people hate that state ? 
  i know why people dislike texas and florida , but not wisconsin . 
  maybe they stole it from the swiss ? 
  well most uefa will vote for ali . 
  only russia fa will vote for blatter with certainty . 
  croatia will most likely vote for ali . 
  \u0160uker is heavily under platini 's influence , he wo n't defy him . 
  i would be shocked , fifa having own hitman would risk so much heat . 
  you ca n't be a legal international private organization while having hitman squads killing your critics worldwide . 
  it 's not gon na work . 
  but never turned into a major battle . 
  skirmishes happen , later they declare truce that last for a while . 
  simply because neither side has a benefit to attack one another , yet some groups among rebels just do n't get the bigger picture . 
  it 's in croatia , but \u0160uker publicly declared he will oppose blatter and support prince ali . 
  and so does hellish retreat/rout begins .
