  ! http://media.tumblr.com/913ba20bccf008a0502ab3ac903749a7/tumblr_inline_mho2cxpujg1qz4rgp.gif, 
  and that 's a selling feature to who ? 
  hmh , that would kinda be title of all total war games . 
  only difference is they 're cloning more different people . 
  lol , that would be funny as hell if it happens, 
  sounds like a fun idea , actually . 
  though yeah , unless you learn how to mod it 's not gon na happen . 
  like i said in video , great game !, 
  smart man . 
  though should have run and be smarter . 
  and alive . 
  now i need a girlfriend for her to wear it . 
  no , that would be canadians in mass effect . 
  well that 's a relief . 
  * five * kilometers . 
  evil aliens ? 
  like humanity is so good ? 
  fuck humans , i wan na be a damn alien . 
  now i need to buy ps4 . 
  well , mass retreat is a must now . 
  italy and ottomans can wait . 
  do n't even think to get omega . 
  it 's a waste of time with boring writing that resolves nothing . 
  with also ruining characters of main villain , that was great in comics , and even aria by becoming goddamn mary sue . 
  citadel in other hand is a love letter to all squadies , but one character . 
  i 'll never figure out how they forgot to even merely mention that squadie . 
  well i tried not to spoil that part , but since you had to bring it up . 
  yeah , i 'm upset legion was n't even referenced in citadel . 
  mordin got a small , but awesome audio log . 
  why legion did n't got something small but awesome ? 
  i was n't even trying to make a proper review , your sarcasm is unnecessary . 
  dragon age inquisition is gon na use that engine , there is no question next mass effect game will too . 
  actually , i think they confirmed they 'll use that engine years ago for next me game . 
  yet , valve has n't released any info n it but few possible concept arts few years back . 
  seriously , they keeping silent about it will hurt them in long run . 
  fight to protect 2nd amendment is a failure . 
  sure , it 's not even touched but all other rights are being smashed . 
  so , what about the whole `` we need 2nd one to protect the rest '' argument ? 
  that 's not a quote , that 's a paragraph . 
  better complain early while it can be changed , then late and wait for expansion you 'll need to pay extra . 
  if you 're lucky for that change . 
  true , but better be safe and mention it then be sorry later . 
  also , usa is a huge country . 
  really hard to organize nation wide protests , by being scattered all over the place . 
  well , that 's just a small convenience for riot police . 
  they 're always fast to catch up to protesters , this would just make them come little before . 
  still , pretty bad situation usa came to be in . 
  it still worth 's complaining , long enough you 're not overblowing the issue like , for example , this look of the map is just as bad as obnoxious drm . 
  croatia happy not into new world order . 
  croatia happy not into blitzkrieg . 
  is that flag of the confederacy ? 
  / facepalm, 
  what is this ? 
  did edward and barrack reversed their roles or something ? 
  what ?!, 
  it 's obviously total war !, 
  obviously , wars are never simple like media is telling it . 
  now liberate croatian lands under byzantium !, 
  i do have to ask . 
  why israel ai n't a ball too ? 
  now i get it . 
  they were focused on hating steam . 
  well , they still got a good deal . 
  as in , austria finally got a colony !, 
  and does n't need to deal with the balkans problems anymore !, 
  you can do that with cavalry ? 
  yet , hitler only did a hissy face to black people while went to exterminate the jews . 
  yeah , obviously not anti-jew . 
  funny , since romans were well known to be huge rapists on `` lower '' nations and slaves . 
  it 's still shining , right ? 
  super !, 
  well also , dark ages never truly existed either . 
  except if you mean for western roman empire only . 
  for that empire it was pretty much dark times . 
  well , it is a big misconception among most people . 
  like you saying before the enlightenment . 
  that 's huge stretch that says dark ages lasted until 18th century . 
  that 's several centuries after medieval times ended . 
  plus , it does n't make sense to claim medieval times were worse then ancient times . 
  i mean , come on . 
  way more slaughters and genocides happen during ancient times , with medical and technological knowledge was way worse and far slowly advancing . 
  and religious rule and zealousy was n't much better or worse in ancient times and per-industrial times , then medieval times . 
  hell , even claiming that most , if not all , people at those times thought world was flat is nonsense and many historical facts prove that quite a huge portion knew earth was round . 
  just , had to bitch about that . 
  i real hate `` dark ages '' term since it makes no damn since to be applied to medieval times only . 
  even goddamn history books in schools worldwide fail to realize that . 
  yeah , muslims were kinda awesome for that . 
  because that 's the point of polandball . 
  it should be done in flawed english . 
  that makes it awkward for julli 's . 
  i do n't know man , i think you should check that at doctor . 
  so you 're saying countries like egypt , turkey , brazil and bulgaria are third world countries ? 
  if it 's a change for the better , so what it 's not democratic ? 
  what 's wrong with secular government ? 
  it merely makes government neutral in religion and ireligion . 
  that also protects in no rival religion and non-religions to be possibly prosecuted by `` main '' religion . 
  hmh , with that nearly every damn elected government on world is illegitimate . 
  shit , that makes me think sometimes coups can be a good idea . 
  sometimes is a key word , btw . 
  but it 's quite undemocratic if majority can do whatever it wants and minority can go fuck themselves .
