   i 'm simply stating why pro-life groups are upset about it . 
  they march in large numbers year after year with no media coverage . 
  it 's got ta be disheartening to see a one-off event get so much attention , even if most of the causes involved are just . 
  bullshit , media covers major pro-life protests too . 
  only people who claim mainstream media ignores such things , do n't actually watch mainstream media but alternative fake news site that say media is silencing them . 
  it is a very recent revelation for me too , but as i think about it more i should have realized this years ago . 
  although trump and putin share one same trait . 
  they are both short sighted and seek short term big gains regardless of long term consequences . 
  putin is just better at hiding that problem , but it is a problem he still posses never the less . 
  it wo n't happened , republican party old guard will never allow these sanctions to be lifted . 
  in fact , obama was actually trying to stop any increase of sanctions against russia and giving lethal military aid to ukraine that republicans wanted to do . 
  hence republicans wo n't follow trump 's lead on this either . 
  especially since they very likely preparing to impeach trump and remove him for pence to be in charge instead . 
  either that , or republican party will go completely retarded and follow trump 's lead and show to the world how outright dangerous is their party unity mentality . 
  putin is quite objectively an evil man though . 
  he 's a warmongering imperialist autocrat who has no problem to terror bomb civilian populaces . 
  no , putin is absolutely not pragmatic . 
  all he did was to pursue his own imperialistic ambitions , regardless of cost of human life nor of well being of his country nor of stability of the world . 
  he is simply outright evil , there is absolutely nothing justifiable in his actions . 
  jesus , this guy is still around ? 
  nato keeps europe peaceful and unified , not eu . 
  eu is fundamentally incapable to respond to any crisis . 
  hell without nato , there would never have been a condition for eu to form in first place . 
  nato is a thing we need to worry about to keep for peace and stability of europe , eu meanwhile is just a broken government system that really should have stayed as trade and economic alliance . 
  considering dick cheney was the one that truly run gwb 's administration , and also cheney is an evil power-hungry cunning shit , that only gives credibility to that hypothesis . 
  although funnily enough , independent california would still be far more powerful then russia . 
  republicans would never allow a president to take control of personal army , not unless they are directly in on it . 
  and if they are , civil war in us is happening without a question within trump 's term . 
   the wingnuts which include ** glen beck ** , sean hanity and alex jones, 
  at the very least , glenn seen errors of his way the moment trump become republican presidential nominee and is trying to make some amends for those errors . 
  shit , i wonder how he feels now . 
  trump is quite literary becoming what he wrongly thought obama was trying to be , an authoritarian out to destroy american freedom and the country for it 's ideological vision . 
  and he knows he is responsible for creating an atmosphere for trump 's victory . 
  except as us is getting weaker and russia stronger , eu is going weaker as well . 
  eu fundamentally relies on us spreading it 's influence on nato to keep stability . 
  and eu had so far failed every test in solving crisis for decades . 
  eu learned nothing from past mistakes as it 's funded on weak infrastructure and it 's without any real strategy and vision . 
  if you honestly think jill stein is the way to build a movement , then you 're utterly naive and clueless on how the world works . 
  first , i am not even from us let alone california . 
  second , california has 10 % of us population , it 's own national guard like any other us state and major military infrastructure due to it 's importance for pacific theatres . 
  so i 'm pretty sure independent california would quickly form a formidable army . 
  but again it is all hypothetical , if civil war were to happen over trump presidency , california would be on side of deposing trump not seceding . 
  how would hypothetical independent california be isolated ? 
  they 're not useless . 
  no , they are far worse . 
  they are outright destructive . 
  vietnam is kind of a bad example , since north vietnam was never bombed nor suffered any fighting . 
  entire vietnam war was a counter-insurgency warfare in south vietnam of communist rebels and insurgents funded by soviets and chinese , while led by north vietnam army against hated autocratic regime of south vietnam that was completely unstable , had no clue what was doing and it 's army was a hopeless case no matter how much us trained and funded it . 
  if civil war to happen again in us , length and victors of war will depend on unity of rebel leadership and how much of us military forces from all military branches will defect to rebels with heavy weapons and advanced equipment . 
  i would n't say the left is n't interested in a war , to the point of there 's no other option and forced upon , but that the american left is not interested to secede at all . 
  if war were to happen over trump presidency , it would be a war of overthrowing trump 's administration and removing all trump 's collaborators from any government position . 
  they do n't worship jesus , they worship quick cash . 
  many bernie supporters need to realize is that healthy democracy and politics and born out of compromise . 
  not just with opposition parties , but also within party itself . 
  and the democratic party is pretty much a grand coalition of moderate fiscal conservative , liberals , progressives and socialists . 
  and due to the nature of american culture , fiscal conservatives are the biggest group in that party , hence why the party often does right wing stuff . 
  but with each generation , democratic party grows more liberal , more leftists . 
  because let 's face it , it 's due to cold war . 
  anti-socialism mentality is gon na stick as baby boomers outnumber millennials . 
  maybe an economic and trade superpower , but china still lacks proper domestic economy and modern industry to have stable economy . 
  especially to modernize it 's army fully and have strong and huge navy to project it 's power worldwide . 
  china is taking steps towards that , but there is no way china can becomes a superpower in under 40 years . 
  it 's too economically and industrially unstable to become one so quickly . 
  ehm ... what ? 
  scientologists do n't believe in jesus . 
  also scientologists are a fucked up and dangerous cult . 
  if anything , they 're right on the alley of what social christians want . 
   if none of those rich hollywood liberals would even leave the us to go to canada , i highly doubt they 'd pick up guns and shoot their neighbors in a civil war . 
  pretty sure hollywood population is likely 0.01 % of overall californian population . 
   secondly , just because there are nukes , tanks , and bombers in ca , that does n't mean they get to keep em . 
  they are the property of the us government , and they 're gon na take them back . 
  i did not specify california leaving peacefully or not . 
   thirdly , who do you think joins the military ? 
  they are the kind of people who understand concepts like hierarchies and the importance of following orders . 
  they 're not going to fight against trump and side with a bunch of crazy liberals . 
  almost a 100 years ago a russian civil war had occurred , and a huge chunks of russian imperial army defected to communists . 
  pretty damn sure when a country ruler is a tyrant and is sending the country to it 's doom , huge chunks of military will always defect to whatever rebellion . 
  also hitler served in german imperial arm during ww1 . 
  hell , austro-hungarian empire wanted for germany to deport him and some other ah citizens who went to german imperial army , considering them as draft dodgers in own country . 
  even long before getting idea of creating nazism , hitler was very committed in german pan-nationalism . 
  however do note huge chunk of women 's march protestors were n't there mainly for supporting women 's rights , but went there to do anti-trump protest primarily for many other reasons . 
  so it can easily happen with lgbt march , a lot of people coming to protest for non-lgbt related reasons to protest against trump . 
  bi-curious people are still heterosexual . 
  they may have curiosity , they are capable to have platonic love to same gender , but still have no physical attraction to same gender . 
  hence they are still heterosexual , which still makes heterosexuals overwhelmingly an majority of human population . 
  milo is also anti-lgbt , despite being openly gay . 
  too openly i 'd also add . 
  well actually it was n't , considering american and other western corporations own only a small percentage of iraqi oil , meanwhile chinese corporations own overwhelming majority of oil . 
  truth is , dick cheney and his friend earned a fuck ton from american corporations reconstructing iraq by overcharging us . 
  most of debt that came after iraqi war did n't came from war efforts , it came from reconstruction efforts in which cheney and his friends took way more then needed and put the rest in their pockets . 
  yes , 2016 caused 2017 being worse . 
   the left wo n't compromise with the elites, 
  then the left had already lost . 
  compromise with the establishment is always the way to go , unless you 're prepared for an actual war . 
  and the american left is both unwilling and unprepared to wage an actual war . 
  so the american left has to compromise . 
  besides , democratic party has never been so liberal and leftists as it is today . 
  it was much more right wing and corporatist in past . 
  but as generations pass , democrats become more liberals and leftist , but only because fiscal conservatives and liberals were able to compromise for years . 
  change is never sudden , neither within a nation nor within a political party .
