  heck , even more lazily made as there is way less info . 
  if you ai n't sure , blame someone from balkans . 
  heh , same is with between serbian and croatian wikipedia . 
  since out languages are pretty much identical , any attempt of edit on something related on croatia or serbia on either wiki will get attention for both sides . 
  while ultranationalist bigoted sourcless edits still get passed often , there is still some filter due to that . 
  however , if it 's about other nationality that does n't understand out language , oh boy . 
  for example , in serbian wikipedia hungary is hugely demonized and without any sources to back up or non-academic sources . 
  however , nobody is trying to correct them as most hungarians do n't know serbian nor croatian , while those who do are n't interested to attempt to check flaws or do n't know/understand hungarian history anyway . 
  so yeah , it 's a mess to say at least . 
  well they were very multicultural in ending stages of war , mainly because they could n't get enough nor fast enough to fill their ranks . 
  so they rushed the process and hired just about any nazi fanatic from any place of europe they still occupied . 
  and i thought tractor protests in croatia were retarded . 
  whatever , you still get lost and die in croatian mountains . 
  so that means there was never a medieval germany , poland , scandinavia , baltic 's nor russia ? 
  i 'd say ironic . 
  i truly do n't understand people having a thing to text non-stop even when watching a movie in movie theater . 
  just , why ? 
  i say both . 
  instead you gives nukes to glorious serbia . 
  and the slavic nations that were treated great , is due to hitler considered them germans that mistakenly spoke and lived as slavs . 
  here are quotes from * hitler 's table talk * on croats ( we are definitely slavs , not germans ) , as well . 
   the conqueror of a country is forced to adapt himself to the local language . 
  that is why language is not the immovable monument on which a people 's characteristics are inscribed . 
  a people 's way of eating , for example , is racially more typical -- for every man remains persuaded in his heart that his mother is the best cook . 
  when i tasted the soup of the people of schleswig - holstein , it occurred to me that the gruel of the spartans can not have been very different . 
  in the time of the great migrations , the tribes were the product of ceaseless mixtures . 
  the men who arrived in the south were not the same as those who went away . 
  one can imagine two hundred young friesians setting out for the south , like a tank setting out across country , and carrying with them men belonging to other tribes . 
  ** the croats are certainly more germanic than slav . 
  ** the esthonians , too , have a lot of germanic blood ... - page 8, 
   in the eastern territories i shall replace the slav geographical titles by german names . 
  the crimea , for example , might be called gothenland . 
  here and there one meets amongst the arabs men with fair hair and blue eyes . 
  they 're the descendants of the vandals who occupied north africa . 
  ** the same phenomenon in castille and croatia . 
  the blood does n't disappear . 
  ** - page 61, 
   it is not possible to generalise on the extent to which the slav races are susceptible to the germanic imprint . 
  in point of fact , tsarist russia , within the framework of her pan-slav policy , propagated the qualification slav and imposed it on a large diversity of people , who had no connection with the slavonic race . 
  for example , to label the bulgarians as slavs is pure nonsense ; originally they were turkomans . 
  the same applies to the czechs . 
  it is enough for a czech to grow a moustache for anyone to see , from the way the thing droops , that his origin is mongolian . 
  ** among the so-called slavs of the south the dinars are predominant . 
  turning to the croats , i must say i think it is highly desirable , from the ethnical point of view , that they should be germanised . 
  there are , however , political reasons which completely preclude any such measures . 
  ** there is one cardinal principle . 
  this question of the germanisation of certain peoples must not be examined in the light of abstract ideas and theory . 
  we must examine each particular case . 
  the only problem is to make sure whether the offspring of any race will mingle well with the german population and will improve it , or whether , on the contrary ( as is the case when jew blood is mixed with german blood ) , negative results will arise . 
  - page 473, 
  and yes , i got this from [ stormfront ] ( http://www.stormfront.org/forum/t409235/ ) . 
  hitler had very bizarre view of history . 
  also , hitler originally went with forcing emigration on jews out of germany and not extermination . 
  and early plans to to just kick out jews out of europe . 
  so hitler had no reason to do the same atrocities to jews in africa , as they were outside of his third reich dreams . 
  not good enough . 
  ofcourse nobody calls whites european americans . 
  it 's an insult to europeans to call americans to be europeans !, 
  joking aside , it sounds pretty silly . 
  it 's mainly due we needed a quick solution to replace \u0160timac , as next important game is in a month . 
  so instead of negotiation for few days or even a week , we had to pick kova\u010d . 
  at least until this playoff matches are done , because then we have a lot of time to consider for another more experienced coach . 
  like bili\u0107 , or maybe even prosine\u010dki . 
  the japanese were preparing to surrender when the us dropped the atomic bombs . 
  wait , is n't that one true ? 
  i mean , they did tried to surrender under one condition , that their emperor keeps his position . 
  but allies refused and wanted unconditional surrender . 
  ah , thanks for correction . 
  hmh , that would be interesting group for croatia . 
  and bosnia is even in front of us . 
  they deserved 16th place and direct qualification . 
  i 'd say croatia and colombia . 
  but ghana is still very tough and i do n't think i should underestimate honduras . 
  so , it would still go either way and would rather not to see croatia in this group . 
  hey now , we were doing badly due to mismanaging and frequent bizarre experimental tactics of our previous horrible and arrogant coach . 
  croatia will make it 's return in playoffs with new coach . 
  whoever designed that site , should get shot . 
  well , it 's a damn time to update that design then . 
  so beware of the russian autumn !, 
  yeah , because making up some radical messiah to make region very unstable , that is already unstable and ready to rebel , is such a great thing for roman empire that loves order and has too stretched out army all over it 's huge ass empire . 
  brilliant !, 
  i thought that was roosevelt 's quote . 
  the south will rise again if eu evolves into that !, 
  european south stronk !, 
  well he did expanded on those policies , instead of shutting them down like he promised . 
  well he promised to shut down patriot act , at least . 
  because benghazi is only hope to take out hillary clinton out of presidential race in 2016 and for republicans to have a shot for victory . 
  well , this is their only tactic against her . 
  so , they 're really desperate . 
  even more so , considering hilary did n't even say she 'll candidate for 2016 . 
  link to interview ? 
  you should have advised them to bring lasers . 
  well , what you see here is dinamo zagreb not being 1st on table since february of 2009 . 
  that was also last time hajduk was 1st on table . 
  so a nice change , after dinamo 's nearly 5 year dominance . 
  hopefully it lasts . 
  why tiny letters bot did n't came for that ? 
  shit , those bastards . 
  i guess because it 's not some random internet bashing on religion or some nutcase braindead religious fundy nonsense ? 
  are those late medieval knights riding along side alexander ?
