  now that 's better . 
  more croatian goals then brazil 's . 
  link, 
  hitler considered croats to be germans who by mistake speak slavic language . 
  i wish i was joking . 
  out of the unsc , you are putin . 
  holy shit , safet get 's bigger pay then niko ?!, 
  just by a little , but it still very surprising . 
  that 's russia for ya . 
  well there 's no possible compromising deal here for insurgent leadership . 
  only for their supporters there can be a deal to avoid consequences of their poorly picked choice . 
  ukraine has no reason to execute it 's surrendering enemy . 
  nor insanity . 
  in fact , doing that would mean eu and nato would drop all support to ukraine and put such huge embargo on it that belarus and iran never seen . 
  it would be a suicide to commit even a single government sanctioned execution ( or just not care to stop own individual soldiers or militias ) , whatever or not insurgency surrenders . 
  in war , civilian deaths are unavoidable . 
  only investigations after can discover were certain deaths avoidable during wartime and was there even some intent . 
  rat pekara . 
  this is a worldwide embarrassment for journalism !, 
  it 's beyond the internet though . 
  worldwide news sites reported this too . 
  everyone played better then spain so far , it does n't mean much anymore . 
  yeah , at least iran and nigeria had hilarious moments . 
  not bias enough . 
  at least his bias would have given some action to this dull shitty game . 
  iran can be a great ally and actually knows how to stabilize middle east . 
  i wish i could say that , but no . 
  even this cheating mediocre shitty brazil plays better then spain . 
  and gloriously too !, 
  da , to vam je bio najve\u0107i problem . 
   hey , it 's my thread to shine !, 
   okay , so my real parents are my mom and her twin brother, 
   no , i 'm not joffrey . 
  are you sure ? 
  and people who know to play football better then england . 
  i meant today . 
  he was sent to jail without a fuss . 
  so rape was n't allowed , just was n't possible to be stopped in act and fucker got sent to jail . 
  well that 's not fair !, 
  slavs do n't have a single indo-european nation in group . 
  enjoy while it lasts . 
  and yet , he still managed to score 2 goals . 
  uruguayans and english do n't . 
  i 'm neither . 
  so i find it very hilarious . 
  yeah , group b image was really hard to be made . 
  we won a game after 12 damn years , we sure as hell should get out of group stage after 16 damn years !, 
  my big hope is not only croatia get 's minimal victory against mexico , but also brazil get 's crushed by cameroon 3:0 . 
  nearly impossible for second part , but i 'll laugh hard if it happens . 
  mexico rarely got to brazilian goal , while croatia was at time dominating against brazil . 
  only thing mexico worries me is their goalkeeper saving everything , while mexicans exploit some of the mistakes croatian defenders do ( and they do a lot of them ) . 
  netherlands is a giant team and it wiped the floor with spain . 
  such results should n't have happen . 
  no big team should lose to the dutch like that . 
  meanwhile chile could have wiped the floor of spain too similarly , but alas spanish defense was a bit more awake against chile that day . 
  while people should definitely give a lot more credit to chile 's amazing performance , spain still sucked hard in this world cup so far . 
  ali , ali freedom !, 
  you could also head west for a long while , then finally see argentinians cry for not being considered european whites by anyone . 
  well , i hope he has retirement party prepared today . 
  costa rica got its ' juicy revenge !, 
  i wish romania qualified now . 
  greece played rubbishly this world cup . 
  they 'll still beat spain , though . 
  [ croatia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gw5lsvix9yg ) . 
  come on switzerland !, 
  kick some french ass !, 
  and i hope you score drmi\u0107 !, 
  come on switzerland !, 
  make those french weep for mercy !, 
  i do n't get it either . 
   want to bet crotia do n't go to knock-out round and greece do ? 
  it 's on !, 
  until first euro 2016 qualification match , loser has to wear winners country flag as flair on this subreddit !, 
  deal or you have something better in mind ? 
  97 % white , mostly from spanish and italian ancestry . 
  to not suck . 
  like switzerland does right now . 
  why ? 
  why , why , why , why ?!, 
  *** why ?!, 
  is that even a real currency ? 
  well , wan na go with using winners flag bet then ? 
  deal !, 
  also if both fail to get out of group stage or both go out , it will be considered a draw . 
   confirmed : bosnia to score 5 goals . 
  ftfy, 
  you said it ... 
  ... spanish american dolphin ? 
  and hardly putin 's doing . 
  that assumes iran can shoot . 
  i literally said `` that fucker ! '', 
  on my tv screen , when i seen him . 
  i merely had knee jerk reaction . 
  i hate that referee . 
  i thought / r/europe hated fracking ? 
  that would be iraq . 
  or afghanistan . 
  or basically , not iran , the most stable middle eastern country ( even more so then israel ) . 
  ** fifa ** : caring for player 's well being ? 
  who does that ?
