  you got to be kidding me . 
  now when i do n't watch matches ( i was at work when game was on ) , croatia is finally playing properly ? 
   so he can command them from prison ? 
  he 's not some mafioso that can do that . 
  fun fact , czechoslovakia was the only communist state in europe to implement proper democracy , but ussr was outraged with that move and invaded their own ally and installed it 's own puppet regime that was completely dictatorial and totalitarian . 
  once more , croatia shows superiority over former yugoslav countries . 
  terrible management at first half of qualifiers had cost bosnia dearly . 
  it was a damn miracle 2nd half qualifiers with new coach that they managed to get to play offs . 
  but alas , ireland proved stronger . 
  you mean same guy that caused the entire damn civil war and the rise of isis is the solution to keep the country together ? 
  that 's because their dictators had step down . 
  assad did not and will not . 
  hence this deadly civil war . 
  also not desired by either side but kurds . 
  both regime and rebels want to keep an unified syria . 
   this is something of a turning point . 
  no , spain has been talking this rhetoric for long time . 
  this article is non-news unless france actually changed it 's stance on assad ( which is still extremely unlikely ) . 
  winter is a bad time to start an offensive , even in syria . 
   `` civilians '', 
  why in quotations marks ? 
  clearly assad ca n't , otherwise civil war would have never happen . 
  and no , western powers did n't start the war . 
  it 's assad who decided it was a bright idea to violently crush a peaceful protest while entire country was on edge due to his incompetency , corruption and oppression . 
  not better for civilians who are on `` wrong '' side of conflict . 
  i merely implied it 's still terrible that civilians are suffering from regime 's terror bombing . 
   execute them for treason and criems against humanity . 
  death penalty is banned in all european countries but belarus . 
  that 's not how laws work . 
  belarus has no jurisdiction to trial them , unless they have belarus citizenship . 
  except it should n't . 
   look im not saying he was democratically elected , but he is secular . 
  oh that makes everything he does right !, 
  you people make me sick how much you want for assad to get away with just because of he 's secular . 
  and by secular , he 's secular on paper only . 
  literally nothing had happen . 
  regime and rebels merely exchanged territory . 
  even though bomb is unlikely to explode by this point , i 'd still not get anywhere near close to it . 
  let alone hug it . 
   the coalition does n't really want them gone because they 're keeping assad in check, 
  wc papir je jeftiniji . 
  but here 's a fact , nusra does n't have them while regime does and it is using it to bomb civilians . 
  unless someone is stupid enough to give nusra an airforce , it 's completely pointless to bring that up . 
  fuj !, 
  veleizdaja !, 
  russia has been defeated in winter on several occasions . 
  croatian kingdom in my total war finally ? 
  would russia really give something major to kurds ? 
  i mean , if kurds grow too strong they will become a threat to assad . 
  which also means a threat to russia 's interests . 
  this is how much regime truly cares about it 's soldiers . 
  unsurprisingly , france will still not support regime despite paris attack . 
  rome 2 cards have serious problem of looking way to similar . 
  well you will be able to form a kingdom anyway , according to steam store page . 
  yes , yes , yes , yes !!, 
  and i still do n't understand why was there no cinematic general speech . 
  this is where lips animations , feature which ca advertised so much , could have shined . 
  but no , not in game . 
  what the hell ? 
  i do n't see how putin saved himself nor how erdogan ca n't save himself either . 
  you ... you do know you can skip those ? 
  meanwhile province croatia exists . 
  * smiles confidently *, 
  but they made general speeches in rome 2 . 
  but they are not cinematic for some bizarre reason . 
  and clearly it 's worth it , as warhammer is giving us back cinematic general speeches . 
   there is a cease fire and the minsk agreement ( that is see as being an advantage for russia and the rebels ), 
  hardly , neither side has an advantage in that cease fire and rebels are edging to boil back to war for several months . 
   unless erdogan pull a minsk agreement but the current situation in syria and for the parties he backed is not in a good position . 
  ... you 're kidding ? 
  what the hell can turkey gain from minsk like agreement in syria ? 
   i dont see how this current agreement is not an adavantage for russia . 
  i do n't see in what way it is . 
  montenegro gains nothing with russia , while nato would be highly beneficial for her . 
   dark ages, 
  except it means israel will no longer be able to bomb hezbollah with this aa systems . 
  they wo n't tolerate it unless russia magically makes hezbollah disappear from syria . 
  i 'm shocked vatican was left out . 
  why would they ? 
  for them it 's just another infidel and pagan capital that needs to be destroyed to the ground . 
   europe does n't care . 
  they 've been getting closer to russia in rhetoric ever since paris . 
  no , that is not happening . 
  eu want isis gone , but still ai n't giving up on removing assad which is against russian interest . 
  brother in arms pack , rise of nations extended edition i rainbow six vegas 2 . 
  wait , croatia is coming back ? 
  how did i missed that ? 
  uuuugh , i hope we do n't send in some trash nor mediocrity once again . 
  after division 30 failure , nobody will told them to not fight assad . 
  hell , even sdf plans to fight assad in future once isis threat is removed . 
  i think it 's more of a case about saa just being a completely hopeless case . 
  i really hope rebels can get their act together and remove nusra . 
  sure they were a good asset during offensives against regime , but now they are a major liability with their open support for isis terror attacks and for attacking kurds in the worse possible time . 
  good to see rebels are successfully fighting against al-nusra . 
  there 's still more then one person in that rebel group . 
   500 years of christianity dark ages, 
  no such thing had ever happen . 
  no , palin is way worse . 
  that will never happen unless assad is forcibly removed . 
  assad will never , never , abandon his power voluntarily .
