  assad 's regime is far worse then isis , let alone from hezbollah . 
  no , history is written by whoever has pen and paper . 
  for example , pagan scandinavian raiders knowns as vikings were the successfully raiders and conquerors of that age . 
  yet only historic records we have on them are from the christian losers who vilified them for centuries . 
  and then there 's the whole ordeal with mongolians . 
  not just in europe , but in middle east and china were mongols written as the demons from hell invading and destroying the world . 
  and mongols were the victors for 3 centuries until their collapsed , yet hardly anyone known their side of history until far later . 
  also , let 's give the most modern example . 
  vietnam war . 
  who lost that war ? 
  usa !, 
  which side of history we in western world hear about ? 
  usa 's !, 
  do you hear much about vietnamese side ? 
  unless you 're from vietnam or an avid amateur historian or an actual historian on topic of that war , no you did not . 
  actually , it 's not only those who have pen and paper who write the history . 
  it 's also those who have infrastructure and resources to do a pr on this well . 
  eh , what ? 
  mongols won wars for 3 centuries . 
  they had a massive empire for 3 centuries . 
  by that same logic , we 'd know nothing good about roman empire which , you know , lost . 
  same for ottoman empire , persian empire ( s ) , egyptian kingdom ( s ) / sultanate , spanish colonial empire , polish kingdom and so on and on . 
  fuck , we know fuck ton about the nazi germany and fascist italy who are losers of the ww2 , way more then the soviets who are the victors because they refused to release non-propaganda material to westerners until ussr collapsed and russia mass declassified soviet ww2 historic material . 
  it 's hell of a lot more complicated then victors write history . 
  what is confusing is that trump is basically putin 's puppet , but us-israel war with iran would be a disaster to russia 's plan in middle east due to their , while very tense and fragile , alliance with iran . 
  let them . 
  torries should have never allowed brexit referendum in first place , especially with no fucks given to properly inform the public with cons and pros of brexit . 
  it is indefinite for syria , while for other 6 nations temporary . 
  for now . 
  because syrians make up for majority of refugees in the refugee crisis in europe . 
  not exactly , china has retaliation only policy with nukes . 
  they wo n't launch nukes unless their enemy launches nukes first . 
  not even in case of losing war with enemy troops in chinese mainland , will china launch nukes unless enemy launches first . 
  but convectional war with china would be far , far worse then with russia . 
  hell , without nukes , russia would collapse in just a year in us-nato war against russia . 
  but against china , us has no chance to win but neither does china . 
  it would only be a meat-grinder war of attrition stalemate war until one side decides it had enough and wants an armistice while victor would only have a shallow victory . 
  they had , but did n't . 
  pro-eu groups were totally unprepared and relied too much on populist message wo n't work on british citizen . 
  also labour party that was pro-eu was sabotaged by jeremy corbyn who was quietly anti-eu whole time . 
  it 's a complete and utter manipulative bullshit , misinformation and lies that had occurred with whole brexit nonsense . 
  no healthy democracy should have allowed voting process without properly informing the public . 
  that guy is a complete and total joke . 
  while he was a brave soldier , he is a cowardly and spineless politician . 
  no , voting for third party in us is a complete waste of vote . 
  these third parties candidates really should look into getting into a coalition with one of two major parties and promote the issue to kill first past the post voting system and electoral college . 
  then you can have third parties starting to win from local to state to federal positions . 
  and sanders now has far bigger influence in the democratic party then ever before . 
  because in primaries , he proved that there is a major group demanding serious changes within the party . 
  although it was n't ideal how sanders came to it , for either him or the party or country , it did still shown you can start a change within a major party . 
  as long so you show you are serious and have serious backing . 
  with how us population is extremely partisan , not seen since before civil war , i do not think third parties stand a chance for that reason as well . 
  the south is truly the enemy of freedom and democracy . 
  human rights are a finite resources , while oil and coal resources will never run out . 
  nah , the whole instability in region started with ottoman empire collapsing after ww1 , with france and uk poorly handling their colonial states before and during ww2 and horribly during de-colonization . 
  then there was a fuck up called israel , where european jews taken over local palestinian muslim homes . 
  then there was exodus of nazis and fascists europeans who influenced military and politics of egypt , syria and iraq . 
  then there was cold war where us and ussr struggled to control their geopolitical influence over middle east . 
  oh and i forgot iran that was invaded and occupied by allies and ussr due to fear they 'd join axis and ship oil to nazi germany and japan . 
  then there was the post-occupation weak leftist regime , that collapsed after us-british sponsored coup , then that regime fallen by islamic revolution . 
  and so on and on and on . 
  middle east has been getting fucked over since the start of 20th century . 
  actually , iran and saudi arabia invest a lot in alternative energy . 
  hell , saudis prefer much cheaper oil to stick it to iran and russia as both countries depend a lot on oil pricing . 
  iran mainly due to economic sanctions it suffered from depends on oil , while russia because putin is economic policy moron with oil and gas high prices dependency . 
  no , assad caused the civil war in syria and before that he given save haven in syria for al-qaeda and other islamic groups that created isis to wage guerilla war against us occupation of iraq . 
  at least they 're consistent in their beliefs , unlike social `` christians '' that call themselves evangelicals . 
  this is how you kill tourism and technological dominance . 
  but there is a major obstacle . 
  the democrats . 
  hitler manager to take over germany by convincing mainstream conservatives to ban communists and socialists parties and mass arrest their leadership . 
  if trump tries to do the same , republicans will outright refuse or splinter . 
  and if they do accept , democrats wo n't let it happen without a fight . 
  it will be civil war from that moment . 
  isis is using it from propaganda already . 
  then they 'll choose civil war . 
  - fdr, 
  - did an awful job, 
  pick one . 
  fdr turned us into a world superpower , while truman and eisenhower continued and expanded his new deal policies and made usa even more powerful and richer . 
  to say otherwise is an utter absurdity and history revisionism . 
  no need to switch side , splinter the party with others who despise trump and form new party with evan mcmullin . 
  hell , that 's how republican party was formed too . 
  they splintered from the whigs over slavery and formed abolitionist republican party . 
  but they miscalculated . 
  americans in 2017 are not apathetic nor xenophobic as germans were in late 1920 's / early 1930 's . 
  and next step for fascist take over is to take out leftist opposition , which is not practical as blue states would outright revolt and there 's no guarantee republicans would n't splinter finally over such move . 
  it would just be question , how much of republicans would be glad to ban democratic party . 
  us today ai n't like germany in 1920 's / 30 's , although that ai n't stopping trump and brannon to copy hitler 's steps . 
  for damn good reasons . 
  despite his flaws , which he had especially with japanese interment camps , fdr is absolutely justified to be considered the greatest us president . 
  they 're not religiously christian , they 're socially christian . 
  social christians do not follow lessons from jesus christ , only pay lip service . 
  damn it , i really need to learn to archive my sources . 
  it 's rather hard to find non-arabic isis propaganda sources . 
  oh i agree . 
  you yanks have to resist these fascist . 
  world depends on it . 
  also without normal usa , western balkans will explode again , so please hurry and be normal again . 
  which actually backfired hard for secular turks .
