  well he still did dodged a draft from the country he was citizen off , even with the fact he went to join the allied country army . 
  also ah was suffering from manpower shortages even early in war due to inability to defeat small nation of serbia and massive front against russians in which they were losing , then it got worse with italy , romania and greece joining entente . 
  ah needed manpower desperately , while germany had lot 's of divisions to spare to save them throughout the war . 
  so ah was reasonably pissed , but could n't do anything as germans were de-facto overlords of ah by that point . 
  no , the catholic church was never fine with the nazis nor fascists . 
  but the holy see was surrounded by fascist italy . 
  catholic church had to go with more subtle way to oppose both regimes . 
  it was n't until italy capitulated that did pope pius xii began to be publicly hostile towards both regimes . 
  unsurprisingly , nazi germany and remnants of fascist italy began bombing vatican , although unsuccessfully due to pitiful state of luftwaffe by that stage of the war and due to air superiority of the allied forces . 
  now you 're just talking nonsense . 
  republican party is rotten to the core , it is nothing by authoritarian oligarchic party . 
  they are not fiscal conservatives , not a one tad bit . 
  absolute zero . 
  there is very little political will for federalization , also no serous plan to do so anyway and such move would suffer massive opposition among eu populace . 
  it will simply not happen , with or without trump . 
  what little there is pretty much irrelevant . 
  fiscal conservatives and any other moderate conservative has to accept it , republican party does not represent them anymore . 
  they have to jump ship and splinter into a new conservative party . 
  staying with the party just shows they have unhealthy mentality in politics , stockholm syndrome i 'd go so far . 
  i actually started to think that recently . 
  he 's being so blatantly showing off to be gay that i just want to say he is so heterosexual . 
  seriously , i feel it 's like a closeted gay guy trying to prove you so hard he is straight , but it 's just opposite . 
  which is still good for democrats . 
  not only did republicans allowed trump and encouraged him , but then in the end stabbed him in the back ? 
  not only will democrats and independents still be royally pissed at republicans , but then republican voting base will feel betrayed and hate their own party . 
  whatever move republican party does , they will lose . 
  it only depends what do they care for more , for their party or for their country ? 
  ehm , no ? 
  eisenhower was truly the last good republican president . 
  well not just merely good , one of the greatest us presidents in general . 
  but , it went all downhill from then . 
  probably why he knew . 
  it is because 81 % of republicans still approve of him , while mere 3 % disapprove . 
  with that 35 % of independent 's approve . 
  i do want to know who are those 4 % democrats who approve of trump . 
  and those 19 % who are merely undecided . 
  i still think [ his painting of putin ] ( http://www.mantlethought.org/sites/default/files/article/1354/body-images/portrait%20of%20vladimir%20putin%20by%20george%20w.%20bush.jpg ) is way more creepy . 
  why ? 
  here back in europe we are hardly doing any better . 
  by allowing nearly 40,000 people to die yearly for no medical insurance ? 
  by wanting to bring back torture that will eventually kill untold amount of people ? 
  threatens to take iraqi oil which would cause another bloody war that will caused many more dozens of thousands of deaths ? 
  having desire to liberally use nukes on isis , which would caused 100 's of thousands of civilians killed ? 
  oh and since he 's a typical republican , he is pro death penalty . 
  you 're not pro-life for supporting this evil scumbag . 
  you 're just anti-abortion , but with no care for human life . 
  far more people die under republican obstruction to reforming healthcare , for protecting for profit prisons and fully pro-death penalty , then do unborn babies die under democratic part supported abortions . 
  do n't see this blatant problem ? 
  how can you people call yourselves pro-life when you constantly support the party that allows 10 's of thousands of people to die just to fill up their pockets and please their egos ? 
  or they just hate iceland . 
  were you sleeping completely for past 5 days ? 
  nah , gwb was still a terrible president and a puppet . 
  at least he was a puppet to another american . 
  funny , i was thinking the same for you . 
  i do want to inform that china has strike in retaliation only policy . 
  china will never launch nukes unless someone launches at china first . 
  even in case of hypothetical war china is losing and enemy nation troops occupy chinese territory , china would still not launch nukes with that policy . 
  japan wanted to surrender , but with conditions . 
  that was unacceptable , as allies wanted to not only defeat the axis but completely destroy their militaristic regimes so that another world war does n't happen . 
  default on debt would also give trump unlimited emergency powers . 
  he can truly become a dictator after that . 
  with first past the post and electoral college system , combined with crazy idiots jill stein and gary johnson being leaders of two most popular third parties , voting in us for third party is outright irresponsible and idiotic . 
  fptp and ec need to be ridden off , which only democratic and/or republican party do , then third parties will get healthy competition field and be capable to have mature leadership . 
  before that , it is a terrible idea to vote for third parties . 
   does n't have corruption written all over his name, 
  hahahahahahahahaha !!!, 
  yeah , russia does n't want china to be that powerful . 
  but china would just laugh at russia and do it anyway . 
  usa , country that did not enter either of world wars until very middle of it , is responsible for both of them . 
  makes perfect sense to me !, 
  pro-live movement desperately needs an overhaul from top to bottom . 
  mccain is always driven to do something that will fuck up russia . 
  turkey , that has bigger population of germany but not even half as good economy , was first to accepts couple of millions of refugees and to this day has more refugees then germany . 
  lebanon , country of 3 million , accepted around 1 million refugees . 
  refugees represent 25 % of their overall population now . 
  egypt , jordan , iraq and iran also accepted over a million syrian refugees combined . 
  and iraq has it 's own damn war with isis , yet still finds room for syrian refugees along with internal iraqi refugees that fled isis since 2014 . 
  saudi arabia , uae and qatar are only ones that did not accepts a single refugees , but they had spend 100 's of millions in refugee aid . 
  more then any other country . 
  they 're refugees , not immigrants . 
  overwhelmingly majority of them will return to syria once war is over , in a span of few years . 
  only those fearing political prosecution or those who really want to stay for either being adjusted to western life and/or economical reasons will stay . 
  however the worst case scenario is if assad 's regime wins though , then it 's hard to guess how many will stay out of fear over political prosecution . 
  not really , assad 's regime military is non-existent at this point . 
  nearly all military operations are run by and fought by iranian backed shia militias and russian military . 
  those two elements will have to leave sooner or later and when they do , assad will once more lose ground everywhere . 
   there are n't any radical islamic terrorists that have ever come out of iran . 
  hezbollah . 
  that is a shia muslim terrorist organization funded and led by iranian government . 
  they currently fighting against sunni muslim terrorist organization called isis in syria along side with assad 's regime and russians . 
  but then again , i doubt trump knows that . 
  especially since iran is de-facto allied with russia currently . 
  i do n't think he will . 
  alex jones has a jewish wife and due to that he never crossed the line of saying holocaust is a hoax . 
  and since infowars has a lot of influence on trump , it wo n't happen . 
  which is a really minor consolidation , sadly . 
  nazi regime made sure to make holocaust a secret from entire german populace , even though they were hugely proud of committing genocide . 
  nah , even cis straight while male would get an axe to these anti-choice people . 
  yes , but that is mainly due to texas having ridiculously low taxes . 
  if texas were to raise their taxes to normal levels , they 'd get out of welfare state line significantly .
