  well clinton never had a chance to win utah , anyway . 
  she kept stagnating there with 25 % being her peak . 
  she 'll sooner win alabama then utah . 
  might as well for mcmullin to win in utah and deny trump to win in a gop stronghold and to show a massive embarrassment to gop for creating trump . 
  even in republican echo chamber , they still admit clinton won the debate . 
  i hate you op . 
  why remind me that stefan molyneux exists ? 
  all third party candidates are considered yellow in us . 
  i do n't know why , it 's a weird rule set by pollsters . 
  oh i know online polls mean nothing . 
  but the fact this is had happened in breitbart poll is just funny . 
  so not only a traitor flag , but also a foreign enemy flag . 
  combined in one !, 
  what a patriot !, 
  bernie is fine , he never promoted nor encouraged cult of personalty around him . 
  trump in other hand could n't live without it . 
  * looks at my flair *, 
  yes . 
  assad is totally smarter ... by getting his country into a civil war more destructive , more deadlier and longer one of spanish civil war from late 1930 's . 
  this game is the last straw for me with dice . 
  this is the final proof to me that dice will never change their direction with singleplayer campaign . 
  they will always still with generic modern military shooter mechanics with a superhero protagonist no matter how much it clashes with setting , theme and story . 
  this is a terrible design decision and they should be called out for that . 
  better then bf3 and bf4 ? 
  maybe , but those are some super low standards you have there . 
  games can do much better then this and they should , but dice is not one of them . 
  they are clearly disinterested from making an effort to progress with sp campaigns . 
  ea calls the shot on money , dice calls the shot on developing and designing . 
  they got shit ton of cash to make this game from ea , so it 's all on dice having a fundamentally flawed vision with bf1 . 
  to add to ridiculousness , he claims china is a big supporter of assad 's regime . 
  that has zero basis in reality . 
  china could n't care less who wins this war . 
  they only care for war to end and to buy off syrian oil companies just like what they did in iraq . 
  saudi arabia and isis are enemies , there is no complexion . 
  saudi 's only indirectly supported isis before they had split from rebels . 
  saudi , qatari and turkish backed rebels suffered the most against isis . 
  as well isis declared saudis apostates and enemies to islam . 
  so it 's plain and simple , they are very hostile enemies to each other . 
  assad 's regime troops also cuts off people 's heads . 
  dice controls it 's own marketing though . 
  assange called panama papers are us propaganda because it putin 's oligarchy was exposed in it . 
  anti-gmo and anti-vaccine conspiracies made by left wingers do occasionally get posted . 
  there 's just very low flow of that content . 
  but ... but ... jeb bush ? 
  dude , austria exported krampus to all it 's former subjects during austria-hungary . 
  i 'm from croatia , we also have krampus here . 
  gary johnson !, 
  reason why another city was attacked and nearly fallen was due to isf and peshmerga not bothering to eliminate or at least shrink down isis 's hawija pocket . 
  this was a massive strategic blunder , because iraqi government decided they wanted to liberate mosul before end of this year . 
  in other words , trumpsters are still retards because taking out hawija pocket will delay mosul offensive even further . 
  which would have gave isis more time to fortify even further and smuggle out whatever senior leadership to raqqa . 
  attempted coup is confirmed to have happened . 
  but is baghdadi still in mosul ? 
  that 's impossible to say , he 's almost never seen nor shown in public . 
  as far as we know , he could be in raqqa right now instead . 
  but we will only find out after liberation of mosul or if isis shows baghdadi alive and well in raqqa before mosul liberation . 
  and there 's also a big isis hawija pocket southeast of kirkut . 
  so it could have been combination of sleeper cells and assaulting force from that pocket . 
  polarization in us politics had become a cancer for us society . 
  til fbi 's site automatically translates to native language of your ip location . 
   hordes of pubescence teenage boys, 
  although majority of [ likely voters among millennials ] ( https://www.uml.edu/research/public-opinion/polls/default.aspx ) will vote for clinton . 
  and then he endorsed trump who insulted his wife and kids without ever apologizing to them . 
  ron paul reminds how much in past 8 years i had flipped my political stances . 
  and to make it even worse , this ai n't exclusive to us . 
  this is growing to be a major issue with nearly all democratic countries . 
  hannity is an opportunist and he 's jumping on alt-right train for his future viewership . 
  english is set on my browsers , yet fbi site automatically switches to croatian . 
  i just noticed there 's an option to choose a language . 
  when i click the link , it is english for a second but then switches to croatian oddly enough . 
  i 'm lost , what do you mean by that ? 
  that is such a terrible photoshop . 
  technically speaking 18 and 19 year olds are also teenage boys . 
  oh ... well my english is still garbage it seems . 
  there 's a lot of doctors who still believe in homoeopathy . 
  i never stated both sides take an equal blame . 
  it 's actually more complicated . 
  past 8 years , especially in last 2 years , has been a roller coaster for my political stances . 
  i 'd be a terrible politician , i flip flop on a yearly basis . 
  i 'm guessing he 's a german dutch ? 
  not really , donald had a lot of opportunities in past set such policy . 
  but he did n't , only after he bombed the last debate and he 's performing abysmally in polls . 
  this is just a sign of desperation to attempt to appeal to the moderate populace , but like i said , too little too late . 
  moderates have no reason to trust trump that he would seriously push for such policy . 
  i 'll be surprised if he get 's less then 40 % . 
  republicans are too entrenched to no vote for someone with an r on ballot , even when it is against their interests . 
  glenn beck still has a audience that pays for his rich life style , though . 
  did they fixed hologram system yet ? 
  oh he still has a tv show , but only airing in texas from the look of it on independent tv channel . 
  although i believe he posts his show 's episode on internet . 
  well , sun tzu said it well : `` if your opponent is making a mistake , do n't correct him '' . 
  so , let him continue doing that . 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  r-word ? 
  hey , no need to insul ... oh . 
  maine has to fully flip so that trump can win a electoral college victory . 
  so basically , trump ca n't win still . 
  who is this guy anyway ? 
  i started seeing him often ever since 1st debate . 
  if gop manages to reform itself , they will ditch the white racist voter base and try to get fiscal and social conservative african-americans and hispanics that are generally voting for democrats due to racial issues .
