  or was it session who thought that ? 
  actually we got lucky hiroahima and nagasaki got nuked . 
  if they were n't , years later general macarthur probably would have gotten his wish and nuked entire manchuria to win korean war . 
  yes , nuking 1/5 of china with 100 's of atomic bombs could have happened if it were n't for democratic president truman who instead sacked a popular war hero macarthur and suffered political suicide for himself and democratic party . 
  remember , truman ordered dropping atom bombs on japan years earlier . 
  if it were n't for seeing what radiation does after nuking , he 'd probably allow nuking china as atom bombs were seen as just merely bigger bombs at the time . 
  they want aristrocracy back where everything is private property , including people . 
  to these people , liberals are worse then nazis and would stick with nazis just to keep liberals off power . 
  actually clinton understand millenials , however does n't know how to communicate with them . 
  and ironically many considered fox news liberals for not going far-right far enough . 
  nah , you 're still a superpower . 
  we 're just lucky trump and gop are so incompetent they ca n't do real damage . 
  times are terrible , but true disaster is still avoidable as peaceful solutions are still viable . 
  it 's when violence becomes only method to terminate trump and gop cancer , is when us seizes to be a superpower . 
  because clinton was much more practical and experienced . 
  bernie 's heart is in right place as well a great campaigners and activist , but his competency as lawmaker is lacking . 
  there 's nothing to suggest that hyper-partisan gop would ever work with a democrat socialist irreligious jew . 
  it 's very likely sanders would have been even more screwed then obama was , as at least obama had democrat congress ad senate for first few years . 
  clinton in other hand was smeared and antagonized her entire political career , yet was a successful politician and lawmaker . 
  she knew how to hit back and go around political roadblocks . 
  as well clinton was always there helping and working with lgbt groups and human rights groups , which helped them a great lot . 
  they knew clinton was competent , resourceful and cared for them . 
  bernie was just an unknown populist for them at the time . 
  and even though sander 's did n't spread it and even outright gave public statements to defend clinton , his campaign had done direct and indirect smear campaigning against her . 
  which had also pushed many liberals and progressives into `` purity tests '' mode . 
  this is why many people despise bernie . 
  he had , while definitely unintentionally and indirectly , caused situation for trump 's victory over clinton . 
  and fanatical bernie supporters , who are not russian bots nor trumpsters trolls , also did not help to improve their image on bernie . 
  eeeeh , most of fake news is posted on internet . 
  sure it 's easier to verify it , but most people do n't do it . 
  in fact , most people do n't even read past the title of article . 
  plus remember , russian propaganda machine was incredibly successful by manipulating online sites algorithms and posting easily and cheaply produced fake news articles . 
  internet is much more compromised and much more easier to exploit , then the corporate mainstream media . 
  some serious changes have to be done on how people can receive news in proper ethical way in short term , while in long term educate people themselves of critical thinking . 
  turkey was in war with greece , while both were nato members at the time . 
  more then once . 
  and greece was run by military junta regime at the time , along with multiple military coups in turkey . 
  if those did n't kick either of the countries off nato , i do n't think erdogan committing diplomatic suicide will either . 
  and considering they only one major railway through siberia , it took them a lot of time just move soldiers and set up logistics in vladivostok to prepare invasion of manchuria and korea . 
  if anything , usa nuking japan made soviets to actually meet the final deadline of invasion against japan controlled china and korea , as they had promised at yalta . 
  if it were n't for atomic bombs , they 'd probably delay military build up much longer . 
  soviets were lucky too that japan was utterly unprepared for their invasion and their main foe was really the manchurian geography being harsh for their tanks . 
   increases in gas prices are particularly bad for a sitting president because everyone can see the prices on the gas station 's sign down the street . 
  which is super dumb . 
  president has no power to affect gas prices . 
  german forces that fought from poland to france were mainly professionals and volunteers . 
  by the time invasion of ussr started , germany started to massively conscript to fill up reserves . 
  as well by 1944 ss troops needed to start depending on conscription . 
  so yeah , in that was many germans were forced to fight for nazi regime . 
  meanwhile in confederate states of america , until final year of the civil war they had depended solely on professionals and volunteers as fighting force . 
  conscripts , mainly slaves , had only were used for construction efforts of fortifications . 
  so confederate americans were pretty damn guilty for treason to secede from the union to defend slavery and white supremacy . 
  lucky was probably wrong word to use . 
  i meant in sense japan had nothing to put up against soviets as most of their forces were stuck to fight with chinese in china 's heathland and preparing for massive us invasion into japanese mainland . 
  soviets did n't need to be fully prepared to ruffle stomp japanese in manchuria and korea by the end of it . 
  it 's because country was heavily polarized and partisanship increased to massive levels . 
  south simply refused to even talk about even reducing slavery , meanwhile they wanted to bring their slavery everywhere in us and to remain slaves . 
  and wanted to spread slavery in newly formed states . 
  the north was slowly losing it 's patience with the south and grown less and less willing to compromise with party that refuses to compromise themselves . 
  so ofcourse many viewed civil war was gon na happen eventually , as this political partisanship could n't last forever . 
  issue is , the south actively rejected any change . 
  at all . 
  even today many reject change and want to go back to white supremacist jim crow laws . 
  it 's completely and utterly unacceptable to accept these sort of terms . 
   created isis and armed them . 
  what a horseshit . 
  al-bashir assad is one had any hand in creating and arming isis , by releasing islamist radicals tied to terrorists organizations from syrian jails and create save heavens in syria to fight insurgency in us occupied iraq . 
  and then due to his mass incompetence and authoritarianism he started civil war in his country , which these same radicals exploited and joined with rebels to attempt to topple him . 
  and due to his failures to reform the military that was decades out of date and run by incompetent but loyalists to assad family military commanders , isis managed to capture a tons of weapons and equipment to wage war in syria and later in iraq . 
  obama did jack fucking shit to aid isis . 
  while funny , voat told them to leave for not being far-right enough by not being blatantly anti-semitic and daring to say hitler did something wrong . 
  yes . 
  voat is even worse then t_d . 
  just like the witcher 3 !, 
  oh the irony . 
  uj / please tell me this was made by a russian artist , hence why cyrillic alphabet is used on that poster, 
  ah , true enough . 
  red army in manchuria were , afterall , battle-hardened veterans with high morale as they defeated their main adversary nazi germany . 
  japan pretty much stood no chance . 
  oh and us-british invasion of sicily caused germans to cancel their operations at the battle of kursk , giving soviets a major strategic victory from battle that was otherwise stuck in a stalemate . 
  also like majority of these games are not even in competition with tw3 . 
  they 're literary different genres with it 's own markets . 
  well , it 's not like activision puts their games on some good sale at all on steam , so that 's not making much of a difference . 
  except the south had major power in congress and had every legal means to fight to preserve slavery without seceding . 
  but nah , they could n't tolerate any more discussion about ending slavery . 
  i was surprised too when i checked voat when t_d attempted to move there . 
  jesus , i actually considered to move to voat long ago , thank god i dodged that bullet . 
  only political discussion allowed in games is right-wing libertarianism and right wing conspiracy theorises . 
  aka deus ex and de : hr are loved for that . 
  i mean , do n't get me wrong , they 're good games . 
  but nobody called out those two games for it 's political messages . 
  because state 's rights goes out for everyone in union , not just the south . 
  no , not really . 
  south had plenty of other options left . 
  but instead they went to illegally secede and start shooting at the federal army first . 
  so no , csa can go fuck itself with it 's evil goals and immoral means . 
  how about negotiate with lincoln who was far more concerned to keep the union then to end slavery . 
  but nah , the south went to war like goddamn idiots to defend their evil ways . 
  well in that case , i do hope the south can be happy with decision that resulted in sheman 's march to the sea . 
  because clearly , violence was the only option for them .
