  why ? 
  good news , he edited out his post and decided to drop it . 
  does n't look like he will get them . 
  jesus christ , tay does speak like a teen girl !, 
  you 're reading way too much onto it . 
  how effective were romanian troops in ww2 ? 
  he 's 18 ?!, 
  honestly more comments should be made to such similiar fashion . 
  this is not a competition . 
  just for a price for having one really awful day . 
  good on tommy . 
  he is hardly involved , beyond trying to scavange some drama money out of it . 
  as someone who is in that same position like thar guy , i want to ask why ? 
  why keep ignoring your old friend ? 
  did i offend you ? 
  do you not care anymore ? 
  are you just done with online interactivity ? 
  are you hurt or something ? 
  just tell me something !, 
  remove me from contacts if you want , just do n't leave me hanging with me having no clue what is going on !, 
  had to get this off my cheast , because i have more then one old friend who does n't respond to my messages for several months or years , yet still pop up online often . 
  the hell , give me something on why you blatanly ignore me but do n't do anything to stop me from sending you messages . 
  improved economy in which young adults have guarantied career jobs increase birth rate , not implimenting limitations on contraceptions . 
  people want children but they can barely afford to live by themselves , let alone to raise a family . 
  this move will only increase abortions which is far worse . 
  russia is more controversial then an avarage country ? 
  bullshit propaganda or true ? 
  i fully expect it . 
  rebels will have to try to retake lost ground while russian airforce is silent while denying saa to fortify . 
  it does n't look like saa is within hours to recapture palmyra . 
  well that is rich , coming from strelkov who was one of the most responsible figures of this war !, 
  does jesse venture even support trump ? 
  trump supports isolitionism and wants to reduce us involvement or flat out leave nato !, 
  trump is proposing something just as bad , he is proposing for russia and china to do whatever the fuck they want . 
  is he dead or just too terrified to leave the car or unable to leave his car without causing injuries ? 
  well how about doing something about that position beyond empty rethoric ? 
  it 's two different videos , actually . 
  well they are allowed to have freedom of speech , even if it 's ugly . 
  assad regime 's had commited more damage to syria then isreal could have dream off , short of flat out invading syria . 
   hopefully this marks a lasting turning point in the american approach to foreign policy for the future , away from a very cow-boy-like attitude ( so-called ` power-projection ' ) towards one centered around diplomacy ( ` soft-power ' ) . 
  unless sanders ( favors diplomacy ) or trump ( favors isolationism ) win presidency , us will do what gop wants in foreign policy ( less so with clinton , but they mostly agree on what they want ) . 
  they tried at dez many times but failed horribky every time . 
  place is too well fortified , while keeps on getting supplied , reinforced and rotated . 
  isil had no chance there without serious aa weaponry to starve out saa there instead . 
  that is kinda messed up though . 
  is it really a liberation when a devil takes over an area from another devil ? 
  bbc can not be compared to rt , rt is on whole different level of lying and being deceitful . 
  to anyone who thinks regime and ypg/sdf will have a diplomatic solution in the end , you 're fooling yourself . 
  conflict between them is inevitable . 
  [ obja\u0161njene ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/shittykickstarters/comments/4av9xw/triton_allows_you_to_breathe_underwater_100k_in/d13so58 ) . 
  i can confirm 24 sata is the top 1 tabloit news site in croatia . 
  well , at least in selling newspapers anyway . 
  though their site itself is pretty big in country , so thanks again douches from 24 sata that promote outright scams to gains clicks . 
  socially ? 
  leaning towards it yes . 
  fiscally ? 
  pretty darn conservative . 
  they 'd be mass murdering rebel supporters and possibly committing genocide against kurds if regime had coalition support . 
  but first they were bombed the shit out of them , then denazification program came . 
  de-radicalization is a job for govorments of iraq and syria ( whoever wins in syria anyway ) once war is over . 
  obviously they will need help for that too , but first war has to be won . 
  assad is shitty and he will predictibly mass torture and mass murder his oposition if they surrender . 
  if he wins the war , which will only happen with iranian and iraqi militias being majority of regime forces , we will have another civil war in syria not long after this one . 
  assad and his entire regime has to go , they are the cancer that caused this civil war . 
  the only good chance syria has is with ypg ( syrian kurds ) and sdf ( syrian rebels ) forming syrian federation . 
  idea that is rejected by assad , as he wants nothing but for kurds and their allied rebels to bend the knee to his dictatorial rule . 
  this will mean more war and devistation in close future . 
  as unlike highly devided fsa , ypg and sdf are united and have proper civil authorities ( fsa is unable to do that due to regime and russian constant terror bombing of civilian targets , of which ypg and sdf are spared off for now ) . 
  reality is , assad and his goons has to go if syrua wants to have future . 
  through force or dipllomaxy especially since saa is on its knees from exhoustion and hugely dependable on foreign militias along with russian artillery and airforce support . 
  mainly through education and propaganda ; similiar how it was done in german post-ww2 . 
  it will require a lot of funds and a lot more time though . 
  as how exactly will be done in details , it is up to govorments of syria and iraq to decide along with foreign advisors of countries that will provide aid . 
  it will be a proccess that will last generations and mistakes will be made , but it has to be that in such similiar fashion . 
  usa had and still is assisting post saddam hussein iraqi govorment and still does . 
  if syrian civil war did n't spill over to iraq , things would be better for iraq . 
  nice history revisionism there . 
  assad started the war be sending in army to iniscriminetly mass shoot peacfull anti-govorment protestors . 
  his move to pacify population brutally had backfired and had caused rebellion and civil war . 
  you are an absolute fool . 
  middle east has been unstable ever since after ww2 , plagued by wars , civil wars , insurgency and terrorism for past 70 years . 
  and how the hell can putin 's russia be better ?!, 
  they do not give a damn for civilian cassulties and flat out terror bomb cuvilian target . 
  while also backing weak dictatorship . 
  how is that better ? 
  battle of barracks was the key victory for croatia to turn the tides of war , as we captured massive amount of gear , light and heavy weaopns with ammunition from still controlled serbian military bases in croatian territory . 
  but that was the problem . 
  he forced the unity with no safe guard on what to keep country togethear after his departure . 
  it also does n't help that few years before his death , economy of yugoskavia had collapsed . 
  tito 's failed economic policies depended on getting a ton of money from usa and ussr to ensure neutrality of yugoslavia . 
  with cold war comming to an end , both super powers siezed giving away money . 
  truth is , tito only got lucky that cold war was a thing and managed to keep forced unity to last that long . 
   even the ` moderate ' ones will attempt to justify the genocides , managing to deflect the conversation to the croatian crimes, 
  point out serb war crimes in yugoslav wars , most will respond with pointing out croatian war crimes in ww2 . 
  irregulars are militias though . 
  indeed , assistance we got from hungary and other countries was a massive help . 
  man they will obviously be a horde faction dlc after release . 
  they wo n't though , as they want what that guy wants . 
  all `` traitors '' and anyone related to them dead . 
  it is true , they 're not as bad as we thought they are .
