  i think it 's mostly viewed as how spain and netherlands match will go . 
  cause both team will play hard to win , while loser would be very tired and on huge pressure to win other games . 
  chile can exploit this situation and kick out either spain or netherlands out of world cup . 
  they made the decision more clear now , as government was endorsing that ... `` thing '' for fans to use . 
  that 's horrible . 
  if that happens , it would be a massive crime against humanity and a war crime . 
  no , it 's a war crime . 
  looters should be detained , not executed . 
   since 2006 , shortly after stephen harper 's election as prime minister , the canadian government banned scientists from speaking to the media about their findings without getting political clearance . 
  this has been conducted in conjunction with a process of shutting down research programs likely to turn up results not in keeping with the conservative government 's agenda . 
  what in the actual fuck ? 
  they should seriously stop accepting civilian volunteers as divers in this . 
   why cant 360 and ps3 just die !? 
  because most of install base is still on old gen and it will take long time before enough people migrate to current gen consoles . 
  i wonder how would they react if some black person calls itself transcracker . 
  as well as teaching people how to drive has improved and risen it 's standards . 
  totally not the fascists ones in crisis !, 
  ostavka , ostavka , ostavka , ostavka !, 
  bilo nam je najbolje tada . 
  that 's utterly false . 
  well played . 
  \u0160to je to ? 
  it has skills in stealing history !, 
  considering there are different countries borders in middle east , i can safely say borders on balkans are a mess . 
  yugoslavia for some reason does n't have istria , albania does n't real , turkey does n't have istanbul and byzantine area ( is it called like that still ? ) . 
  also whoever through putting rives with borders in same color is a good idea , should get shot . 
  rule 5 . 
  balkans are european peninsula , nowhere near africa . 
  source , i live on balkans . 
  i would draw continents and borders better . 
  drunk too !, 
  considering insurgency is run by ultra-orthodox ultra-nationalists , it might as well be . 
  the queen got bored , so she moved . 
  fifa do n't reel , apparently . 
  he had to have been trolling on that . 
  and neither csa nor novorossiya confederacy are actual confederacies . 
  i think it 's just a simple exaggeration to lift the spirits up . 
  maybe because it saves ukraine some resources , if ex-berkut members reuse their old uniforms . 
  yeah , guy went full crazy . 
  i 'd like to add it happen after serbia illegally abolished autonomy of kosovo and vojvodina during reigning yugoslavia , waging war , committing war crimes , crimes against humanity and genocide on it 's neighbors . 
  even then , kosovo 's government was n't created by military junta ( yes , crimean government exist thanks to russian military coup in crimea ) but as elected officials of previously crushed autonomy and tried everything they can to cooperate with un on creating their own independent states for nearly 2 decades while crimea did fuck nothing with un in matter of days . 
  because that 's what jesus would say !, 
  `` though shall be russian only or suffer consequences ! '', 
  i do n't think i 'll get a job , after that job interview for city 's public works . 
  maybe it was a easter egg ? 
  or i guess they lost some good footage and were n't able to re-shoot at post-production stage . 
  i want to have faith , comrade . 
  yeah , except that 's not who runs kosovo . 
  reason 12 . 
  rvatska will crush brasilia !, 
   hitler killed the roma en masse, 
  all of the sudden , / r/europe starts to love hitler . 
  oh shit , i need to lose weight until my prime minister hears of that idea . 
  why are cops allowed to openly carry guns , but not us ?!, 
  police state i say !, 
  oh wow , warmongering imperialistic expansionist 19th century country does 19th century style warmongering imperialistic expansion in 19th century warmongering imperialistic expansionist era !, 
  no , because european nations stopped being warmongering imperialistic expansionist empires after both world wars . 
  russia trying to do some sort of rematch just shows how 's it 's mentality is backwards and out of touch with world geopolitics in 21st century . 
  yeah , it did n't do that . 
   do you want a list of military interventions by europe since ww2 ? 
  you mean military interventions on their colonies or attacked allies ? 
   russia tries not to loose their interests right now . 
  which are being actively targeted . 
  russia 's interest is to reform ussr , which is threatens sovereignty of it 's neighboring nations . 
  that 's a big no-go in 21st century geopolitics so russia 's 19th century tactics are justifiably rejected by nearly entire world . 
   the government that was literally recruited from the street . 
  then it went and disenfranchised 1/3 of the country right away , and ever since opted to put down undesirables by force . 
  there would be maidan 3.0 right now if not for putin and crimea ( uniting the people behind any - even incompetent - government ) . 
  except entire ukraine parliament is same as before euromaidan . 
  only minister cabinet was changed ( all are mp 's , so also not recruited off street ) and president ( and now most ukrainians elected a new president ) . 
  and no , 1/3 of the country was n't disenfranchised by new government 's decision . 
  instead some parts of country made an armed revolt , making those parts of country disenfranchised and making new government to put down their terrorist acts by force . 
  nothing but volunteers from russia who ai n't russian soldiers at all . 
  hague will have a field day once again . 
  vdtreii !, 
  vdtreii !, 
  vdtreii !, 
  vdtreii !, 
   what about guantanamo bay though ? 
  they 're being tortured , not executed . 
  still fucked up and a crime against humanity ( perhaps a war crime too , depending if it counts as war ) , but ukraine insurgents are torturing and executing so even then they 're more messed up then americans at guantanamo . 
  tanks used as monuments always have their weapon functionally stripped down and disabled . 
  i doubt a simple mechanic can repair that , especially without proper parts . 
  military operations always cause collateral damage in urban warfare . 
  while it deserves an investigation on whatever or not civilian casualties were avoidable and whatever there was an intent or sheer incompetence or lack of care for civilian safety . 
  that was actually fake . 
  they took video from 2012 , falsifying it happen recently . 
   it seems like he 's turning into some racist , extreme right wing old curmudgeon . 
  i thought he already was that for a long time . 
  i 'm scared . 
  better then jasenovac . 
  that 's better . 
  i think . 
  tricked you !, 
  i 'm secretly a nazi !, 
  glory to paveli\u0107 !, 
  ndh best time ever !, 
  missed me by continent . 
  and an ocean . 
  there wo n't be , because you just blew up the whole fucking world !,
