  it would n't shock me if he was 12 . 
  yeah , though in euro only time we got out of group stage was in 2008 . 
  we were close in 2012 too , but due to goal differential italy passed instead croatia . 
  man i hope we can get out of group stage in this euro . 
  we have a team for such thing and even to get to the finals . 
  alas , euro is over 1 year and half away from now so it 's too early to speak on this . 
  wales . 
  needs nsfl tag . 
  balkan humor is offensive !, 
  and we love it that way . 
  may the glorious dpr fascist junta live forever !, 
  wait ... 
  reversing the image . 
  there are many losers , but only one winner . 
  china . 
  and they were barely involved in this game and even actively trying to ignore it , but gained quite a bit and lost nothing but wasting their diplomats time at unsc . 
  but `` the wall '' sounds better . 
  what lucky bastards . 
  or just / r/easterneuropecrisis . 
  poroshenko does points out one good fact . 
  despite the pro-russian recent gains , most of their previously occupied territory is still under ukraine control that was liberated in past months . 
  but are heavily relevant to eastern european geopolitics . 
  yeah , i just noticed it too . 
  admins tag the thread as fake or misleading , please . 
   not through violence and gunfire , but through democratic means . 
  someone forgot to send that memo to putin . 
  and increase putin 's and russia 's global approval rating ? 
  no thanks . 
   crime is rife throughout this country , and tourists are targets for theft and gouging . 
  that part is a norm across entire south america . 
  what 's the us deal with iran anyway ? 
  like , i do n't even know anymore . 
  israel , the shittiest ally the western powers have . 
  fully forgot about those pricks . 
  russia knows that too well , especially lavrov . 
   right before the coup, 
  there was no coup . 
  yanukovich escaped ukraine and ukraine parliament declared he abandoned his duties and elected temporary intern president ( who 's now replaced by now elected president poroshenko ) . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  what the hell it has to do with my comment of euromaidan revolution not having a coup ? 
  kpr was a complete failure and it only lasted for several hours . 
  russia was in too much of mess to create mess in other countries , at the time . 
  like spreading bs is needed to make russia look bad . 
  depends on which right wing group you 're talking about . 
  can someone explain to me where the hell are ukrainians getting all those ties from ? 
  i thought they 'd run out of them by now . 
   this should be seen as defeat of ukraine ... russia wins . 
  hardly . 
  donbass is in complete wreck , crimea is in economical wreck , russia is in major economical troubles , ukraine is pretty much forever gone from putin 's custom union and is looking for eu and nato , russia is diplomatically isolated from most of the world and so on . 
  russia just won few battles but is damn losing the war without being aware or refusing to admit it is . 
  at least they 'll reduce use of the fuel . 
  i feel oppressed for not being allowed to oppress . 
   we still have this whole ww2 pride thing going on ( mostly because ever since then our history 's been shit ), 
  when ww2 is the highlight of your country history , something is seriously wrong . 
   stalin is georgian, 
  stalin was a russian born in georgia . 
  is that a drawing of a bird fucking a bird as guys avatar ? 
  they never do anything . 
  even during euromaidan protests and riots , regular police barely did anything . 
  nearly everything was done by berkut to suppress the crowd . 
  ukraine police is a total joke . 
  however , it does mean that non-combatant supporters of separatists are free of charges of aiding the enemy and treason . 
  true , but this gives assurance to suspects of being passive supporters wo n't be prosecuted . 
  which means they wo n't be turned into desperation to become combatants to not be purged . 
  federalization will never happen . 
  if true , russian embassy must get closed on prolong time in latvia . 
  this is blatant support of terrorism . 
  i meant for the adults , obviously children wo n't be prosecuted with amnesty or not . 
  central government in kiev has less executive power to decide for whole country , while individual regions and local governments have more power on decisions for their region and the local area without needing to consent with central government . 
  simply put , anyhow . 
  for now . 
   most of the catholics i now do n't even know the current popes name, 
  how ? 
   let 's see them even touch the borders of the vatican in one piece . 
  try italian border first . 
  that was us doing . 
  bunch of protestant heretics did a poor job . 
  it 's time for the catholics , the only true christians , to do it correctly !, 
  you may or may not be used as cannon fodder , but yes . 
  by poor i meant lousy . 
  it absolutely would n't . 
  what will it show that you can secede through democratic and peaceful means . 
  it was done under gunpoint , without consent of ukraine government , without any debates , had only one sided propaganda , preparations done under ridiculously short time period and most likely got forged results . 
   china just sent 1000 troops across the indian border, 
  that 's nothing new , china did that few times already and india responded with own troops . 
  no incident ever happen beyond that , both sides always pull back later . 
  at this point , expect the opposite from any one connected to drp from now on . 
   no rounding up of jews, 
  not only that , they were always nice with simon ostrovsky , who 's a jew . 
  that 's ... pretty low amount of money . 
  isis is on verge of collapse without it realizing . 
  chinese army has own political power in china and this is their giant middle finger to both india internationally and to chiniese president domestically . 
  they wo n't start a war over it , that 's for sure . 
  putin be pissed when he sees scottish highlanders delivering freedom to crimea . 
  not from scotland nor scottish , but damn that civ mod looks awesome . 
  subscribed and downloading . 
  rvatska big and stronk . 
  which is oversimplified nonsense for the lazy . 
  we can go without both , thx . 
  traitor !,
