  taliban threat is nothing compared to what it was in past , it 's simply a nature of guerrilla war that makes them still stick around . 
  by a huge lot . 
  what 's now an iraqi army ai n't having mass desertions nor defections any time soon , has strong western logistic and air support , supported by capable domestic and foreign volunteer militias and iraqi government is reforming the military itself for the better . 
  and with tikrit liberated , ramadi is next on the list very soon and this time iraqi is stronger and had learned from their mistakes made during tikrit battle . 
  they were a target regardless , no point to have a pretense with russia and assad . 
  well that perfectly sums up putin 's ventures , actually . 
  as expected . 
  afghan army deserves a lot more credit then it got . 
  truth is , us government just thinks it has a duty to spread freedom and democracy all over the world after cold war . 
  good intentions , but rather naive and poorly handled half the time . 
  like russians would n't bomb them regardless of that declaration . 
  he 's right , it ca n't be a superpower contest if only one superpower is involved . 
  official statement from vatican itself . 
  since i do n't know how to make a spoiler tag , i 'll just say that x character married y character in polygamous marriage as x character wast still married to z character . 
  how about you get your conspiracy theories out of this subreddit ? 
  seriously , what the fuck is with / r/funny threads just spoiling the joke in their title ?!, 
  this been going on since , well , ever . 
  ** edit *** # 1 *, 
  well apparently i annoyed a bunch of people without explanation . 
   the england , italy , uruguay and costa rica group was pretty tough too . 
  and nobody saw costa rica coming . 
  man , they were the offside trap masters . 
  and ~ ~ chamberlain ~ ~ merkel just wants to ignore that fat in front of her face . 
  turkey is one that betrayed nato by supporting isis just to fight with kurds instead , even at expense of neglecting syrian rebels in fight to depose assad . 
  this is a price of that betrayal now and they have no right to complain . 
  turkey can only blame itself for this . 
  there is a massive difference !, 
  isis uses trucks !, 
  what are you talking about , ukraine has decent high education system . 
  i have n't seen the video , but from that picture alone i do n't see any real damage . 
  so even with russians directly involved , rebels are still doing successful offensives against the regime . 
  hold on , putin is just copy/pasting obama 's doctorine in syria but only with less effective air capabilities while pissing of big players already involved in conflict that will only escalate their involvement . 
  and yet , he 's a genius in this ? 
  what a farce . 
   unlike the united states whos supporting them . 
  this is an outright lie and you know it . 
  stop spreading misinformation and conspiracy theories in this subreddit . 
  they look way too clean and cheerful for guys that were supposedly fighting the regime for years until now . 
  or they 're just simply religious and nationalist fanatics . 
  you 're mixing people with state . 
  majority of them are woman and elderly man . 
  if anything , it 's just civilians leaving rebels area , not rebel fighters surrendering . 
  so this is most likely a blatant misinformation propaganda . 
  [ does n't look like it ] ( http://i.ytimg.com/vi/6xlkun9ywzc/hqdefault.jpg ) . 
  but it wo n't , it 's a badly made propaganda piece . 
  or it will simply escalate the conflict , as now rebels are fighting a foreign invader in now fighting in behalf of hated regime while rebel foreign allies will increase military aid . 
  if anything , russian intervention will only make this shitty quality propaganda even more ineffective . 
   why not ? 
  certainly seems like it at the moment . 
  exactly , at the moment . 
  it 's extremely unlikely they 'll be able to do this amount of air strikes for very long . 
   they should avoid working with jan because jan is al qaeda , who are responsible for tens of thousands ( maybe over a hundred thousand ) civilian murders . 
  ok , i need a source for that number . 
  that 's too absurdly high number . 
  not without removing assad family from power , they wo n't . 
  their paranoia of military coup made syrian military leadership weak and incompetent on purpose and refused to make any military reform even during this civil war . 
  as expected . 
  russian airstrikes are utterly overblown and overyhyped by regime supporters . 
  airstrikes alone ca n't win a war , you need capable troops on ground to do this . 
  and regime forces are too inept and too stretched thin to do that job . 
  well that 's incredibly oversimplified and most likely wrong . 
  rather pointless risk to use very important helicopters as baits just to make rebels waste rpg 's that they likely have in high abundance anyway . 
  and only reason why italian army performed horribly is due to mussolini putting political allies in military leadership and making impossible orders for their troops that are often time poorly equipped and without proper training . 
  pretty much almost an exact situation with assad and saa today . 
  no , but i 'm pretty sure they are n't invested in this war just because they 're bigots . 
  pilots are trained to avoid rpg 's in case they get shot at , not to make it a tactic on purpose to be a bait . 
  trying to be a bait , only increases a chance of a helicopter getting shot down . 
  good , they 're better of in europe until war is finally over and new government can finally get country to functional state . 
  a year or two for most of the army to be properly reformed , is my personal guess . 
  but that 's with full corporation , which assad family ai n't having it . 
  none of those tanks are deemed operation . 
   i fear that the russian involvement will be the last nail in the coffin of a unified syria, 
  or just final nail to coffin of assad ruling unified syria . 
  assad still thinks if rebels are defeated , he will gain support from west with only isis left . 
  which wo n't happen , but that 's his long term strategy . 
  hence why he focuses on rebels , instead of isis . 
   mistakes have been made and they will learn from them . 
  saa learning from their mistakes ? 
  how long are you following this war ? 
  yes . 
  but let 's be honest , if assad was truly serious about winning the war he would be on defensive while he 's reforming saa from top to bottom . 
  instead , he 's throwing away his troops in pointless offensives . 
  it 's mainly due to lack of political will to actually help refugees to arrive in europe . 
  if european nations were unified on the issue , a lot of deaths would have been avoided while many more refugees already safely settled . 
  sadly , nothing of such had happened beyond massive increase of funding border security . 
  and now awaiting for rebels counter-offensive that will reclaim lost ground . 
   it 's pretty much a pyrrhic victory unless they can take more land and less losses . 
  more accurate would be pyrrhic tactical victory for regime , if rebels do n't / did n't return their losses back . 
  every since russia intervened , it looked like a lot of people did . 
  for some reason . 
  or even can . 
   the low birth rates are the reason they are a problem , as they are going to slowly replace europe native population . 
  no , immigrant population lowers it 's birth rate as their living standards increase . 
  also it 's fault of natives for not making more children . 
  aging population is a far worse problem , no it 's an actual problem then immigrant population being on rise . 
  i do n't even know where this 150k iranian troops comes from anyway ? 
  and how would they even arrive to syria ? 
  i doubt iran had logistics to send even 1/10 of that many troops and supply them . 
  only way that many troops can come to aid to assad is through iraq . 
  and we all know obvious problem in that .
