  she heavily implied that at after 0:30 . 
  more accurate words are `` top of state ( officials/government ) kneel down under washington 's influence '' . 
  malo sam se iznadio kada sam to vidio na [ / r/ukraineconflict ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/2bru95/prorussian_rally_in_serbia_serbia_supports_the/ ) . 
  i 'm from croatia so i understand most what they say and i ca n't say much about serbian politics . 
  but i 'm damn sure they 're very little us influence over serbia , though eu does has quite a lot instead . 
  however among the rally , i could n't identify any obvious radicals that i could recognize . 
  not surprised it 's mostly every day people though , as russia and serbia have long and strong historic brotherly relationship . 
  as well serbia is full of anti-western views . 
  one of this is gon na happen :, 
  he 's gon na resign then run away to russia like pishilin did . 
  he 's forced to step down by others in insurgent government . 
  he 's pressured to resign by the locals that do n't support the cause of insurgents . 
  he 's gon na order mass retreat out of donetsk to avoid any more civilian deaths , which means most of fighters with him will escape try to russia . 
  he 'll order capitulation of his troops in donetsk and surrender to ukraine army . 
  thing is they supported serb separatists in croatia and bosnia in 1990 's and still do in bosnia , though now politically instead of military . 
  current serb government wants to join eu however , so they remain officially neutral on the whole conflict in russia . 
  you 'd be better off to ask that question in / r/ukraine or / r/ukraina for that . 
  source ? 
  how 's that impressive ? 
  my soldier and infiltrator shepard 's response : puuuussiies !!!, 
  * shoots the bottles *, 
  james has a record on some other mini-game . 
  i think . 
  for simpler viewing of images , here 's imgur albums :, 
  it was n't agreed upon , poroshenko merely implemented it himself . 
  however it was n't agreed nor signed with anyone , so it was nothing but * de facto * ceasefire . 
  kinda . 
  but in general , ceasefire was n't formally agreed . 
  so this ceasefire violation is pretty much irrelevant . 
  and will actually look realistic , instead of random generated madness . 
  now that was totally objective investigation . 
  dude , they ca n't fight guerrilla warfare from what little was left of their `` country '' . 
  it 's nothing but fields and small hills with little forest . 
  rather impossible natural position to fight such warfare . 
  but core of their troops , training operations and leadership hides in the mountains . 
  hence why they were still not defeated , as it 's incredibly hard to locate them , even harder to wipe then out on such natural defensive position . 
  insurgents in ukraine have no such luxury . 
  why ? 
  assad and saddam only proved syria and iraq should n't exist with territories they have . 
  if a country needs a bloodthirsty dictator to be kept stable , then the country should be dismantled even to it 's foundations . 
  like in iraq for example , usa should have given sunni iraqis their own state and especially to iraqi kurds too . 
  if they have done that , current civil war in iraq would have been avoided . 
  case is similiar with syria . 
  only reason assad and saddam are necessary evil , is because states they ruled are fundamentally ungovernable . 
  they have been like this long before that incident . 
  who 's also elected by the civilian population !, 
  many eastern european nations have lot 's of racists against blacks , despite literately no history with them . 
  why ? 
  because white supremacy and nazi aryan race belief is widespread . 
   honestly , if i was poroshenko , i would imprison the whole ukrainian ato command for their sheer incompetence . 
  sadly , he does n't have anyone else who 'd replace them . 
  so he 's stuck with them for a while being . 
   there the ua destroyed the local community center and the railwayworker 's hospital , where there were injured people . 
  and why would they destroy a rather important strategic places ? 
  and in belarus , russia has it 's troops there . 
  as well , belarus is a dictatorship . 
  euromaidan style revolution in belarus would be really bloody . 
  soviet union was pretty much a russian empire 2.0 , while pretending not to be an empire on paper . 
  oh yeah , that recent blitzkrieg pulled off shows how much they 're `` retreating '' . 
  can bp 's dinosaurs die already ? 
  does n't look like phosphorus bombs to me , but rather unlikely to be fireworks either . 
  considering huge split on opinion between just palestine and israel situation , not very effective . 
  eeeeh , europe is n't like one country nor a nation that is collectively responsible for the holocaust . 
  i never said there is no propaganda in western countries . 
  all i said that is ' rather ineffective compared to russian propaganda machine , as western media do n't have monopoly in any individual country and political dissent is for the most part allowed to speak out and function politically . 
  crash site bears no strategic importance to either side . 
  so this act is just absolutely disgusting . 
  crash site itself has no strategic importance . 
  however towns near it do , due to being key roads that lead to russian border . 
  even then , ukraine army is n't sending troops at actual crash site , as it 's not giving them any advantage , not even for flanking . 
  also for that cease fire ? 
  nobody agreed to it . 
  it was just * de facto * implemented cease fire by poroshenko , to which neither insurgents nor anyone internationally agreed upon . 
  and because insurgent defensive line broken in middle of luhansk and donetsk regions , it would be strategically dumb not to exploit that with a major offensive , just to respect ceasefire that not even technically ever even existed . 
  it was basically just a nice gesture , as poroshenko hoped he 'd get more international support against insurgents that shoot down the plane . 
  turns out he 's still getting jackshit despite eu 's citizens getting mass murdered due to insurgents , so he nor anyone else in ukraine should care for that `` cease fire '' , especially when they have a massive advantage against the enemy and can not allow to end their offensive 's momentum . 
  investigators will just have to wait for the war to end in that area . 
  only more people will die in long run , if there 's a cease fire agreed upon just for investigation of a crash site that was already contaminated . 
  it would just be highly irresponsible for ukraine to allow that . 
  also insurgents had disrupted investigation from happening days before ukraine offensive continued , so it 's not they 're not solely responsible for that . 
  no roads in area of crash site ( besides very edges ) connect donetsk , luhansk nor russian border . 
  it 's useless to anyone . 
  only towns near the crash site are important . 
  which summarizes his entire political career . 
  if this is true , then fuck you merkel !, 
  not fucking repeating czechoslovakia appeasement and molotov-ribbentrop sort of deals , would be a better idea . 
  this deal would only make things worse in future . 
  you do realize crimea is an actual shithole ? 
  seriously , that was the poorest region in ukraine and fully depended on tourism . 
  and tourism is pretty much dead in crimea while new government is incredibly ineffective . 
  russia is n't only losing with having only crimea . 
  they need rest of ukraine , especially since it 's putin 's personal goal to restart russian empire . 
  they ca n't , because it would have to suspend parliamentary elections . 
   guerrilla artists, 
  something i never thought i 'd heard . 
  one without any chance to ever get any power . 
  holy damn , croatian worthless mp 's are payed around 3,000-4 ,5000 euros monthly . 
  ukrainian ones just 400 euros ? 
  damn . 
  damn , what really sad way to end .
