  interviewing both in ukraine and pro-russian controlled territory . 
  they 're the one that started the war , not even giving a chance for diplomatic talks . 
  translation :, 
   croatian fighters in ukraine !, 
   croatian volunteers had just called me from ukraine , where they fight on side of our ukrainian brothers against russian occupiers , separatists and chetniks . 
  my brave friend miroslav ma\u0161i\u0107 had called me , they 're currently in one ( training ) camp and soon going to first line of the front in maripoul . 
  they 're fighting for ukraine 's freedom as part of azov battalion . 
  on telephone call they expressed their hopes that they 'll - from other side - perhaps meet some chetniks from serbia and to `` talk a little '' . 
   if everything goes fine , viewers from bujica can soon expect exclusive reporting from mariupol , from first line of the front ... 
   hang on boys , may dear god protect you !, 
  long live free ukraine !, 
   photo : miroslav ma\u0161i\u0107 and other croatian volunteers fighting in ukraine as part of azov battalion . 
  sadly article is behind paywall , so not worth translating what little it has . 
  another thing , velimir bujanec is journalist and tv reporter who has far-right political views . 
  meanwhile miroslav `` azov '' ma\u0161i\u0107 has own facebook page that was created recently and only has [ this picture ] ( https://scontent-a-vie.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfa1/v/t1.0-9/1507149_1377701099208358_7339464002214095597_n.jpg?oh=73916638ad4f56a72ecc730b57104da3&amp;oe=5566655b ) . 
  short for `` za dom spremni '' , which means `` for home ( land ) ready '' . 
  it 's a rather controversial patriotic salute , as it was used by usta\u0161e movement during ww2 as `` sieg heil '' salute . 
  though salute pre-dates usta\u0161e movement and as well it was also used widely by croatian army and militias during homeland war in 1990 's and still is used during sport games by fans . 
  first serbs appeared in crimea . 
  and they identified themselves as chetniks on vice news . 
  from that moment i realized there will be croat volunteers coming to ukraine , if conflict escalated . 
  well , needless to say , it escalated in donbas . 
  i think they might be successful to extend cease fire to evacuate rest of civilian populace in debaltseve . 
  other then that , it 's a waste of everyone 's time and resources . 
  they either merged with the standing army brigades throughout the war or voluntarily disbanded thanks to un backed croatian disarmament program . 
   hang * , 
  woops , that was a typo . 
   i wonder if any of them are from rijeka . 
  well , then rijeka lost it 's only far-right winger . 
  i was mostly joking , but rijeka is the most progressive and leftist major city in croatia . 
  only istria region is on par with that city on progressiveness . 
  russians would just make up propaganda and it will be just as effective . 
  might as well get those radicals to do something useful for once . 
   the little guy says that he was motivated to join when he saw the croatian nationalists , ustashe , join azov . 
  he most have seen into future or joined very recently . 
  yeah , but there 's nothing indicating that guy is usta\u0161e sympathizer , unlike those fellas i posted from today . 
  then again , likely some news outlets written it that guy was usta\u0161e . 
   that 's your only concern !? 
   neo nazis mercenaries fighting along with the ua is n't an issue at all , right ? 
  they make up for small fraction of the overall force , so no . 
  it 's not a concern . 
   like committing war crimes maybe ? 
  they 're under watch of the government and media . 
  and with aidar battalion soon to be disbanded over abuse of power , i think azov wo n't dare to do anything drastic . 
  plus , it helps that 1/3 of azov are ethnic russians and even more speak russian as primary language . 
  i doubt they 'll commit war atrocities on own people in donbas on purpose . 
  so yes , azov battalion existence is hardly worth a major concern . 
  they 're too small to have noteworthy political power and their radical ideology is a no threat to russians . 
   the propaganda value was good during the war since it scared the enemy, 
  funny thing about milo\u0161evi\u0107 's propaganda , he managed to scare his troops from fighting effectively against croatian militias . 
  he was like our best ally in the homeland war , funnily enough . 
  geez , it 's like you refuse to see my point . 
  tu\u0111man never made any deal with milo\u0161evi\u0107 . 
  both of those pricks wanted to screw over one another , so eventually both given up to have any deal and continued the war . 
  botched decolonization . 
  burning qur ` an is blasphemy !, 
  but making qur ` an as a bomb is fine !, 
   merkel is nato 's chief instrument, 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha !!, 
  [ here it is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pflln9e2kcy ) . 
   and likely future head of ukraine 's anti-corruption bureau, 
  as long as he does n't have any military commands , it 's fine . 
  not much the case in defensive wars . 
   merkel , and germans in general , pride themselves in being disciplined , efficient , and hard working . 
  so they 'll keep hammering with ineffective negotiations ? 
  so basically , chamberlain ... 
  i mean merkel , will do everything to get munich ... 
  i mean minsk agreement . 
  you underestimate the power of nationalism . 
  you were talking about pay it 's soldiers , not paying for their weapons and ammo . 
  jesus , this comments are sickening . 
  hope dies last . 
  because that 's what normal civilized world does !, 
  villages that have/had populations between couple of hundreds to few thousand ? 
  villages are easy capture and very hard to defend , without natural defenses . 
  which is why they switch back and forth in this entire war . 
  usually villagers are first to be evacuated , due to small population . 
  or first to be exterminated , for being easy targets . 
  historically , villagers always suffer the most in wars . 
  just a short trip to bosnia reveals how disastrous federalization is between former warring parties . 
  because munich agreement is the most infamous appeasement in modern european history ? 
  well in general , during the retreat most of casualties are sustained by the retreating party ( though sometimes even by party that is on the offensive ) . 
  no , rome 2 total war launch disaster flies pass through that mess . 
  after emperor edition major update , game was finally at it 's true form that it should have been on launch . 
  game is now stable and deserves to be called a total war game . 
  it 's still a major stain to creative assembly , which not even attila total war can fix even if it 's a great game on launch . 
  u tom grmu se krije zec . 
  i guess it depends . 
  they might be left alone as long as they obey daesh 's shaira laws or are taken as sex slaves or killed for blasphemy . 
  yeah , it 's worse than ign . 
  if that 's the case , then history had fully repeated itself from croatia to ukraine . 
  un and eu did nothing or opposed any military assistance , while us through nato military assisted after a while of doing nothing . 
  we wish we 're that lucky , especially for ukrainians and russians . 
  if in in doubt , blame usa !, 
  kim jung un . 
  two different people working for nyt written each articles . 
   it tailed off as the focus shifted to the pilot and jordans response, 
  well that and war in ukraine is getting more focus once more , in world media . 
  hopefully they 'll succeed . 
  it 's how cnn identifies , to their viewers , who 's the good guy .
