  fuck it , let 's imprison everyone for aiding the enemy indirectly . 
  because it 's a smart thing to have guns in the bar full of drunks . 
  still waiting for yugoslavia and maybe croatia . 
  napoleon is not pleased . 
  oh so that 's how i can play it on pc . 
  does read dead redemption works the same ? 
  so in other words , make situation even worse ? 
  i think someone should point him out that it was romans who crucified jesus as an enemy to state . 
  like with every other enemy of state through their entire existence . 
  my question is , why ? 
  what would zionists crash a random spanish train ? 
  might as well someone reposts it there . 
  as someone who loves fair-play , i 'm still bitter as well . 
  or just use the damn cameras already and rule diving ineffective cheating strategy . 
  yeah , i re-installed like 4 times when someone mentions is to me . 
  yet , still never finished the damn game . 
  yes . 
  but i dunno . 
  game is just too outdated for my tasted , i guess . 
  there 's no such this are reverse racism , only racism . 
  pretty sure if you lied on any of those , it would be the least issue . 
  so wait . 
  a country today that ca n't even afford to shoot real bullets on training armies is a great power in your campaign , while usa that is only world superpower for now is fallen apart ? 
  i love this . 
  i am still damn annoyed that they do n't correct those damn border in damn balkans , damn it . 
  pagan payback is a bitch , christians . 
  i 'm actually more curious is , what if you kick out aztec invasion of europe before ck2 ends . 
  would converter still recognize it and still have mighty aztec empire . 
  but only in south america . 
  it 's actually more due to scaring off soviet union and showing their might . 
  usa has already wiped out many japan cities with fire bombs . 
  which were hugely effective since most houses were build out of wood and paper in japan , at the time . 
  and nukes surely still would n't scare japan to have unconditional surrender ( they were still up to surrender , but with a few conditions ) . 
  but what truly made japan to surrender , is soviet invasion of japan controlled china and korea . 
  there they had their entire industry complexes , out of range from us bombers . 
  so they had safe heaven to still manufacture weapons , equipment , tanks and planes for the war . 
  and they still hoped ussr would n't attack them and honor their non-aggression pact . 
  but stalin made a promise to allies to invade japan 90 days after capitulation of germany . 
  which he honored and stroke final blow to japan 's unconditional surrender . 
  not the nukes , but soviet invasion . 
  not saying soviets were the true victors of war with japan , usa still takes the biggest credit of defeating japan . 
  like previously said , they knew they lost the war but wanted to squeeze out conditional surrender . 
  math can suck it !, 
  it would be an irony , if you also nuked america as well . 
  so you 're gon na karma whore due to them karma whoring ? 
  just say to them , a comet made you do it . 
  poland still exists !, 
  yeah . 
  i know of a huge gta : sa serbia mod that is sold as whole game , when i visit bosnia . 
  i still managed to stay nice with him , despite refusing to kill larry . 
  it made some tensions for a short while , but lee and him go cool again . 
  but che guevara is communist . 
  i thought this kind of people claim communism is a spawn of the satan himself . 
  that explains everything . 
  op is answering to replies for the change , so i say legit . 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  still very rare to see a not far right winger with nutcase conspiracy theory . 
  why would he be a cia operative ? 
  he can easily be ( and he is ) a rambling nutcase with a huge following . 
  it 's like free advertisement for us government , only not advertisement but might make those who question them a possible nutcase . 
  sometimes a simple answer is enough . 
  besides , considering his huge following that actually believes his crap . 
  it 's safe he 's just that , since people can be hugely stupid beyond belief . 
  though it does make it really ironic that he can be disinformation agent , while calling so many to be one . 
  true enough . 
  though probably because i 'm a dirty european leftist socialist , i ca n't consider obama even remotely left wing . 
  nor the whole democratic party , either . 
  so that might have made me not realize . 
  or because i was too young for internet to know of leftist ct 's during bush rule . 
  that could be a simpler answer . 
  well , it 's always fun to write alternative history . 
  goddamn it call of duty , you 're ruining everything . 
  anyone have link to merely show episode ? 
  i 'm just cringing too much by that guy 's rumblings . 
  just because you 're comparing it to / r/atheism or / r/politics , it does n't mean it 's one of the most reasonable places on reddit . 
  how can you overturn a death sentence of a ancient guy that was done by a state that does n't exist since 5th century ? 
  15th , if you count byzantine empire as same roman state . 
  and can even hague overturn any death sentences ? 
  i know i 'm searching for too much logic in this , but fucking still i want to point out since he 's a goddamn lawyer . 
  edit # 1, 
  actually , ironically . 
  vatican city is technically only truly left form of government , from roman empire . 
  edit # 2, 
  why is my formatting keep being fucked ? 
  well not really , there are many legit conspiracies that are proven correct . 
  it 's just this nutcases that should be eliminated with that word . 
  seriously , we should renamed them to conspiracy nerds . 
  they 're clearly obsessed with them . 
  now that makes his situation little bit more awkward . 
  would be funny , but doubtful . 
  they do n't need to stage those fake conspiracies , there are so many idiots to let them make then . 
  if anything , they make vague and suspicious responses just to put some fuel in those fake conspiracies . 
  which is quite simple and any politician can do it individually , even if he/she just feels like to troll people for a bit . 
  actually , he did went through proper channels , but he was continuously ignored . 
  manning had no other choice but to leak it to press directly and bite the bullet . 
  besides , government does n't give a shit for leaked classified information . 
  many others leak it all the time . 
  only reason he 's prosecuted , is because it 's embarrassing us government and not helping their ratings and/or propaganda . 
  `` obama is the third bush term '', 
  they were sadly correct .
